[{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"The Call of the Sea","Author":"robbertree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12976923","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Be wary of gore in this one. This fic is shorter than usual, but I felt it was more fitting. There was a shout on his lips when he died. Robert Gould Shaw urged his men forward, the throng of soldiers clothed in blue thundering across the beach. Distance turned brave soldiers into a swarming mass of insects. Shouts and screams tore raggedly from throats, punctuating the crash of the waves. The swell of the tide threatened to tear away any soldier that strayed too far. They had to be quick. The crack of artillery was deafening. The 54th Massachusetts surged forward, men struck and killed by the dozens. They clutched at their open wounds, minié ball rounds tearing wide holes through heads and abdomens. There was almost always an exit wound. Though they had long since broken ranks, not one of them refused to flee - throwing themselves into death's arms. The bodies piled up quickly at the base of the parapet, stacked by four or five at a time. The wounded writhed about, unsure of what to do. A young man clutched a piece of his friend's skull. His face was covered in blood, flesh, and gray matter. His friend lay a mere inches away, head and face strewn about in fragments along the beach. Bodies floated listlessly in the moat, bobbing gently with the waves. Their legs were burning. The men kicked up mounds of coarse sand as they pushed themselves up the 30-foot parapet, uniforms heavy and wet. The sun had sunken low in the sky, but the heat was upon them. Shaw crested the parapet first. His knuckles were white as he clutched his sword. His eyes were wild. The wind threatened to push him back as he leaned into a particularly harsh gust. He belted out an order over the chaos. \"Forward 54th!\" The color bearer went down first. His body was heavy as he collapsed with a dull thump . Blood seeped from a large empty space in his head, eye rolling from the obliterated socket. His brain was still pulsing grotesquely. You can always hear the bullets that hit you, they say. That you'll even hear it over the roar of the ocean and the deafening sounds of cannon fire. It seemed impossible the more you thought about it, all things considered. But Robert Gould Shaw still heard the sharp crack of an Enfield rifle. It was less than a second before the round fragmented in his chest, small hunks of lead tearing through organs and tissue. His heart was torn to shreds by the hot metal, each splintered piece burrowing through soft flesh and pale bone. His ribs separated from his spinal cord, lungs collapsing in on themselves. He was dead before he hit the ground, sword clattering sharply inside of the fort. Bits of sand were still stuck to the hem of his uniform, his blood thick and red and slimy . His soft blonde hair fanned out around him, his kepi having flown away long before. The order was still on his lips as he died. A pair of rough hands grabbed the regimental colors, the two flags unfurling with the wind. The ocean's cool spittle rested lightly on dying flesh. His men threw themselves bravely onwards, his blue eyes staring blankly into the night. No man dared to look back. Please feel free to leave a review! ","Summary":" Be wary of gore in this one. This fic is shorter than usual, but I felt it was more fitting. There "},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"A Collection of Moments","Author":"robbertree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12986463","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Again, this isn't based on anything that happens in Glory, so there might be some faces you don't recognize. Content warning for the last piece. The creek reminded him of home. Clear waters glossed effortlessly over an assortment of rocks, eroded into soft round hunks of mineral. Light green leaves and twigs glided gently over the surface of the waves, only to disappear under the ebb and flow of the current. Trees draped themselves proudly over the soft banks of the creek, only allowing slivers of light to penetrate through their canopy. The sun's reflection glimmered unwaveringly through a break in the treeline. Birds of an unnamed species called gently from their perches, long ebony beaks thin and sharp. Their pong, jagged talons grappled with the sloping branches, unable to find purchase. Their feathers fanned out in an orange halo, the beating of their wings loud and abrupt. The sky was empty and vast, thin wisps of clouds seldom snaked their way along the rich blue tapestry. It had yet to rain all week, the air was hot and dry. The shade of the forest was a welcome reprieve. The man closed his blue eyes and rested against a nearby tree, taking in the sounds of wildlife. He buried his hands in the pockets of his uniform, content. The lines of stress begun to fade, his haggard appearance rough and worn. The colonel let the tension drain from his muscles. Things were going fine - if only for a moment. The war weighed heavily upon his sloping shoulders, his young face weary and lined with distress. His soft, youthful features were strained, blue eyes wet and dull. Nostalgia was a painful twinge in his chest. Robert clasped his hands and closed his eyes. Taking in the sounds of nature, the roar of life was quiet. The quiet was welcome in the midst of everything. Barking orders, directing troops, my God - he was responsible for over a thousand men. He was haggard. He was dozing lightly as the sun rose higher in the sky. The call of the birds lulled him deeper, sinking into a faint state of slumber. Robert's head rested heavily on a mossy stone, his breaths shallow and soft. He was content. He felt at home. The room didn't feel real. Everything felt like a mirage. It took him a moment for everything to register, he remained reluctant to enter. He felt if he were to reach out, the silken sheets would dissolve into the harsh texture of India-rubber. Natural light seeped lazily thought the window's thick glass, casting the wooden floor with a pale yellow. A large oriental rug adorned with ornate greens and blacks lay deflated beneath his aching feet. The sun dipped lower in the sky as Robert gazed longingly at the bed. A year at war left him reluctant to rest his tired frame. Charles Lowell - his soon to be brother-in-law - shifted nervously from foot to foot in the doorway, long fingers resting lightly upon the oak surface. The side of his mouth twitched before he smiled. \"I'll treat her like royalty, you know. Your sister.\" Shaw smiled lightly at his old friend. \"I know.\" The morning was a dull gray, a thick layer of clouds blocking out the sun. It was a dark morning, a morning that was oddly silent and claustrophobic. The commune was sprawling and empty, rife with lush forests and open fields. The cold that day was monolithic, siphoning warmth and life from anything its gnarled hands could grope at. It was the kind of cold that could steal the breath from your lungs and leave you hollow. The cold had an immensely bitter tinge to it. The snow had begun to fall in small, dry chips. The swaying grass had been frozen to the hard soil, powdery white snowflakes fell upon it. It was picturesque, the scene. The treeline faded into a sublime gray backdrop as the snow spiraled gently down. There was an unspoken vastness to it. The snow was always silent, in comparison to the fat droplets of rain that came with summer. Yes, the silence was immense. You could never tell when the morning came, especially on a day such as this. Certainly there was a light that trickled through the clouds, but it was a lifeless, sickly light. It felt pale and artificial. It was beautiful, the day was, but it certainly did not feel welcoming. The world was stiff as waxy, and everyone would much rather stay indoors. When a young Robert Gould Shaw opened his eyes, his heart felt strangely big. His lungs opened up, desperately aching for the clean air of the outdoors. His face twitched in a rather strange fashion, not enjoying the stillness of the morning very much at all. He kicked out his pale little legs and ran to his wardrobe, Robert's thin little feet slapping against wood. He dressed himself in a rather disagreeable manner, his dislike for the stiff fabric obvious. He debated pulling on his stockings as he tugged on the drapery. They itched at his legs far too much for his own liking. His large eyes gazed in wonder at the open field, round red face open and searching. He had yet to endure winter on the commune, since he and his family had only been there for a short while. It was as if an angel had caressed the open greenery with her tender hands, a gentle exhale coating the land with a dewy frost. The snow was coming down rather thickly now, intent on savoring the clean air of the morning. His heart felt bigger than ever. Robert's steps were light as he skipped down the hall, incredibly pleased with himself. The boy of nine years felt as if the morning was his own secret, his very own treasure to keep. His heart soared as he hopped about the large passage, he felt as if with a high enough jump he could fly away. He briefly considered waking his sisters, but quickly dismissed the notion. The morning was HIS. He slid quickly into his coat and fitted hat, preparing himself for the harsh cold. Even inside he could feel the icy tendrils of winter reaching out for him. His footsteps were silent as he made his way past a nearby room, where his sisters and their governess were sleeping soundly. Robert felt a giddiness overwhelm him, giggling softly and stomach seizing in excitement. He made sure to glide past each room soundlessly, knowing that any dull thud or murmur could mean the end of his little escapade. He itched at his stockings and picked his way down the hall. He avoided any open doorways and slunk along at a snail's pace. The portraits that adorned that walls looked gaunt and wrenlike in the oddly pale light, reserving their solemn judgements for another time. He felt stiff and sluggish in his winter attire, the boy mused. His blonde hair stuck out in little tufts beneath his cap, the young child fiddled with his gloves. Now where was the door? A firm, thin hand latched onto Robert's arm in a vice-like grip. It was pale and veiny, spiderwebs of blue snaked their way up the long limb. Two narrow, dark eyes glared down at him from above. His heart dropped and his mouth went numb. Sarah Blake Shaw's eyes were blazing as she dragged the squirming child back towards his room, mouth pressed into a thin line. Robert swallowed dryly and screwed his eyes shut. Susan awoke to quite a commotion outside of her door. Her plump, childish face was swathed in a messy tangle of auburn hair. She felt an unusual quality in the air, which she credited to the odd hour in which she was awakened. The young girl glanced at one of her sisters, whose mouth was parted and eyes were closed - long lashes like ebony feathers. She scoffed at the sleeping girl. Sue's feet collided coldly with the ground as she ran toward the doorway. She was rather taken aback at the sight before her. Her mother was dragging Robert along, grip so startlingly tight she feared she might bruise him. Her weathered face was quite foul, her features so contrary that the young girl bit back a shudder herself. Her brother stumbled to keep his footing, blue eyes wet with unshed tears. Their eyes locked for just a moment before he was dragged away unceremoniously. The young boy must have been trying to sneak outside once again, the notion rather unsurprising. Robert had a bad habit of wandering off when left to his own devices. Sue debated whether or not to pursue them to hear her older brother be scolded. She decided against it and tucked herself back into bed. It was far too cold for that anyways. She heard a door slam quite sharply down the hall. Far too cold. Robert was already crying by the time the door slammed shut. The boy pulled himself back onto his bed, steeling himself for what was coming. His mother wheeled around to face him, a deep frown etched onto her face and brows knitted together rather angrily. She was quite ready to give the boy a scolding he would never forget. Sarah boxed her son's ears and shouted in a frightening manner, unafraid to wake the entire commune. Though the woman had moved the entire family months ago to help treat her nearing blindness, her eyes were as keen as a hawk's. She had a rather ugly look to her as she shouted at her son, who was clutching his ears and squirming under her tirade. His red cheeks were stained with tears and his eyes were already swollen. \"I cannot believe this, you foolish boy! How many times have I told you not to wander off alone - and in this weather? What if you had gotten yourself lost? You could have died . You remember this summer, don't you? You went running after those dogs of yours and nearly drowned ! You're lucky you didn't break your ankle or something of the sort - you never learn !\" She smacked the side of the boy's head one last time and stomped towards the door. She fixed her son with an icy gaze. \"Don't you dare leave this room unless I tell you so.\" The door slammed shut behind her. Robert buried his face beneath his pillow and cried. He hated mornings like these. I've spoken with some people about Sarah Blake Shaw in the past, and I feel she's often glorified for her activism - none seem to touch on the much darker aspects of her personality. Certainly she did a great many things and should be credited for those, but I feel we should also mention that she was quite cruel and manipulative towards Robert in particular. Many historians mention that Robert Shaw was strangely codependent regarding his relationship with his mother, but they don't really mention why. Anyways, that's all I wanted to mention. ","Summary":" Again, this isn't based on anything that happens in Glory, so there might be some faces you don't r"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Timor Mortis","Author":"robbertree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12974858","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just Shaw in this one. Warnings for some more graphic descriptions, but that's about it. The tent was bathed in shadow, obscuring much from view. A single, solemn lantern remained lit, the thin stream of an orange flame flickered and danced. It wavered for a moment, but continued to burn. A writing desk was tinged a deep orange by the flame's light. Darkness clung to the edges of every surface, steadfast. The air around the lantern wavered. Even without the aggressive rays of the sun, the summer heat was still present - almost as if it were alive. The landscape itself hum with the sound of crickets and the scurrying paws of small animals. The night was a pleasant chaos, one that was subdued and sprawling. It was a night to savor. Soldiers lay swaddled in their nest of blankets, clinging to their fitful dreams as the brutal light of the sun drew near. Even in their dreams, they could never escape the monotony of camp life. In the deep hues of the darkness, they became shapeless lumps - swathed in the navy blue night. Everything was quiet, the dull clatter and shouts of make voices that were tamed by sleep's firm grasp. Those who were out on guard duty chewed on dirty fingernails and fought back exhaustion. The more anxious of the men lay listless, eyes staring into the inky black and fiddling with a piece of stray fabric. Others paced about gingerly, not daring to make a sound. Not a soul dared to interrupt this sacred time, a time where soldiers could rest their weary limbs and aching joints. With night came an unknown presence, a strange feeling that plagued those who were still awake. It was a nameless feeling, a feeling one could never quite place. It was an odd, empty feeling. A feeling of something missing - but not being sure of what was gone. It was a sombre feeling. A lone soldier sat hunched, resting lightly on a rickety crate. He jostled his knee and held a cigar tightly between his teeth. His kepi rested beside him, silver bugle adorning the front. A sheen of sweat on his brow, a look of fear in his bright blue eyes. Those were the eyes of a young man trapped in war. In a brutality that he will never escape. In under 24 hours the man will be dead. By the man end of the week his corpse will lay limply in a trench, ripe with maggots and newly-born larvae. His flesh will be yellowing and bloated with gas, on the verge of splitting open - only to release a torrent of writhing insects - insects who once sought refuge within his organs. His bright blue eyes will have sunken deep in his empty skull, withering away. A brain filled with the thoughts, dreams, and fears of youth will amount to nothing but an overripe, pulpy mess. There will be nothing left but dried, leathery skin clinging to sun-bleached bones. There's an agonizing finality in death. Pink gums turning black, a fleshy mold eating away at chapped lips. He is just one of many who will die this way. Between his shaking hands is a letter, written in a script of curling letters and loving words. Tears seep sluggishly form his tired eyes as he tries not to alert anyone nearby. The fear he feels is cold and sharp. He knows he is going to die. The fear a man feels when he is about to die is an unusual one. It's a poignant type of fear that rests lowly in a churning gut, a type of fear that consumes any who buckle under its weight. Yes, death itself is a particularly peculiar occurrence, and deserves its own special kind of phobia. The young colonel of the 54th Massachusetts was drowning in this fear. It filled his aching lungs and churning stomach. His mouth was too dry, his eyes too wet. He fiddled with the wrinkled letter and chewed on his lip. The man's entire body was quaking, everything was just too much- He took a deep breath. Then another one. He couldn't feel his toes. His thoughts were murky and his head felt weightless. God, he wished that the war was over. That he'd receive a telegram in the early hours of the morning, telling him that his soldiers were to march right into Charleston, victorious. There would always be a bitterness in victory. But anything would be better than a crippling failure. He wondered what his family was doing. The small colonel sighed. His uniform felt too stiff. Robert Gould Shaw grimaced and ran his hands over the thick blue fabric, the texture rubbing against his calloused hands. The optimism that he had once clung to when he enlisted had drained away, leaving him jaded and empty. Chewing on his thumb, he wondered his many good men needed to die before Washington came to its senses. He didn't want the Union to lose. But he didn't want to watch good men get slashed to bits again and again. He wondered how many more. Shaw doubted he would see an end to the war, let alone the end to tomorrow. He wondered what death felt like. Perhaps death death was like the smooth current of a brook, a cool feeling that washed gently over your limp frame. Perhaps it was an abrupt and crippling feeling, dark and sudden. Maybe it was as warm as the rich dark soil in March, or perhaps it was as unrelenting as a blizzard - harsh and full of anguish. There was a pain in not knowing. God, Shaw wished that he could sleep, if only to make the morrow less daunting. He longed for the desolation that a dreamless sleep could bring. He longed for home. He longed for an end to this foolish war. And yet he remained painfully awake, eyes stinging with tears. Robert twitched and rubbed his eyes, pressing his hot palms into the sockets. And yet. The man put out his cigar and grabbed his kepi. And yet. He made his way to the tent, dragging his feet and kicking up a cloud of dust. Robert cracked his knuckles and ducked inside of the guard tent. He placed the letter gently on the writing set and rifled through his knapsack. His movements were empty and robotic. He hummed softly and rubbed the wetness from his eyes. Shaw put out the lantern and settled into his bedding, staring blankly at the tent's rough canvas. One of his men murmured about about coffee and rolled over in his sleep. He waited for morning to come. Feel free to leave a comment on your way out! ","Summary":" Just Shaw in this one. Warnings for some more graphic descriptions, but that's about it. The tent w"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Dances With Ghosts","Author":"MidnightWren","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7695682","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN- BTW music used in this is Shall We Dance- King And I Break It To Me Gently- Brenda Lee Love Was Wrong- Duffy Wouldn't Change A Thing- 7th Heaven I Still Believe- Miss Saigon I Don't Know How To Love Him- Jesus Christ Superstar Life Goes On- 7th Heaven (This is what happens when I scroll the Matthew Brodrick tag on Tumblr and listen to my Ipod at 2 in the morning) Jessamine Gregory never once let herself believe that Robert had loved her. In their two brief times with each other she knew it hadn't been true love. The former had been the passion of being Young without a care in the world. She was a young maid, he the visiting friend. An attractive face in smart clothes, who stood out from the boorish men who often stayed in her master's home. March 1857 We've just been introduced, I do not know you well, But when the music started Something drew me to your side. The orchestra lilted out a waltz, and Jessamine swayed by the tall windows. Her lady twirled around the dance floor, her gown catching the light of the chandelier. She smiled and for a moment saw herself on that floor, in the arms of some man. \"Do you dance?\" Swiveling herself she saw a young man with a boyish face. \"Oh no sir.\" She said and smiled, \"But you seem to know what to do.\" He said, his accent was American, not the normal Northampton English accents that were around her for most of her life. \" I've had much time observing my lady.\" She nodded toward the girl clearly enjoying herself on the ballroom floor. \"So you do dance.\" He told her with a small smirk on his face. Sighing she nodded \"Yes I guess I do.\" With that he held out a hand, covered in a pristine white glove \"Shall we dance?\" He asked Shall we dance? On a bright cloud of music shall we fly? Shall we dance? Shall we then say \"Goodnight and mean \"Goodbye\"? Or perchance, When the last little star has left the sky, Shall we still be together With are arms around each other And shall you be my new romance? On the clear understanding That this kind of thing can happen, Shall we dance? \"Wouldn't you rather dance with one of the ladies, sir?\" Jessamine asked, this man may have been American but surely he hadn't mistaken her for a guest. Her dress may be nicer than some maids but it was still plain. \"I see that you have the anatomical structure of a woman, why shouldn't I dance with you?\" \"Wouldn't you rather dance with a woman of your colouring?\" She asked him, knowing of the race structure in his country. \"I do not see a reason to.\" He said. And finally she took his hand. \"I must warn you Sir, I have not had much practice.\" \"Neither have I.\" The music flowed across the room. Jessamine felt her heart fluttering in her chest. \"My name is Robert Shaw, and you are?\" \"Jessamine Gregory, Mr. Shaw.\" \"Jessamine, that is an interesting voice, a little English but with something else.\" Robert said \"Until I was twelve I was raised in the Leeward Islands, a colony.\" \"That is in the Caribbean?\" Robert asked her \"Yes Mr. Shaw.\" \"I'm sure it's as beautiful as you.\" Robert said and her mocha coloured face burned red. Around them fellow dancers caught sight of the off beat couple. \"How long will you stay in England?\" Jessamine asked Robert. \"At least four months, my family wants me to stay with the Phillips, I believe that you work for them?\" \"Yes,\" \"What exactly do you do?\" \"I am a maid as well as a companion to the Lady Mira.\" Jessamine told him. \"How long have you worked for them?\" \"Since I was nine.\" \"That is very young, \" \"My family needed money, and the Phillips needed a young companion for their daughter.\" Jessamine explained. Robert nodded. \" Will you be staying at the estate?\" \"I shall.\" He responded and Jessamine's heart leaped. \" I will look forward to having you here, Mr. Shaw. \" I am glad, you look forward to my stay. \" The music stopped and a few couples walked off the floor. Catching sight of a fellow maid motioning for her to join in the cleaning of the dinning hall Jessamine let go of Roberts hand. \" I'm sorry Mr. Shaw but i must leave.\" \"Very well. I shall see you at a later time?\" \"Yes Mr. Shaw.\" With that Jessamine began to walk away \" And Jessamine?\" Robert called \" Yes?\" \"Its Robert.\" He gave her a boyish grin and Jessamine's face grew hot. She gave him a slight nod, before hurrying away. It was not a great love affair, they were not Lancelot and Guinevere. They were both soon young, and the passion that two young people felt was not uncommon. He never proclaimed love for her, nor she him. But that did not mean she never loved him. He was her first love. He stole her first kiss .Nearly sixth months after she first danced with him, Jessamine watched his coach, disappear down the road. \"I'm so glad I met you.\" He spoke those words only an hour before he left, leaving her with the taste of him on her lips and her eyes burning with tears. Break it... to me gently Let me down... the easy way Make me feel... you still love me if it's just... just for one more day 1862 Jessamine looked out at the men in blue marching down the road. The Phillips had moved to America when news of war came to England. Lord Phillips considered himself a progressive man and joined the groups of abolitionists in their new town. \" Jessamine, we have another guest tonight.\" Lucille, Jessamine's longtime fellow maid and friend told her \" I believe you know him.\" She continued \" That American who you were friend with, Shaw?\" She questioned pondering the name \" Robert?\" She breathed. Thoughts drifting back to the time they spent. \" Yes, that's the man. He's a Colonel now. In charge of a black regiment. Lucille said giving her smile. \"A colonel?\" \"Yes, Jessamine.\" Lucille laughed \" You always did like a man in uniform.\" The girl gave her a smirk and Jessamine glared. \" You should get ready, want to look your best for Robert.\" Lucile stated drawing out his name. Hearing the door close Jessamine sat down on her bed. She knew not to let herself become giddy, he was a wealthy man, a wealthy attractive white man. It had been nearly eight years, why should he even remember her? By now he should be married to an attractive, rich, educated women. But still her heart skipped a beat. In the world of fantasies in her mind, he would have waited for her, she would see him, and it all would be like a Jane Austen novel. Shaking the fantasies from her mind, she dressed for the dinner I know it's wrong Hanging on too long And I know it's wrong Hanging on too long And I need to move on I'm hanging on too long \" Robert I believe you met Jessamine when you were in England, what a couple of dancers you were, created quite a chatter.\" Lady Phillips chided. Jessamine looked up from the floor, catching his eyes. \"Yes, I remember her.\" \" Course we better not let Annie know, wife or not women are jealous. \" Lord Phillips added. Jessamine nearly choked. She knew he would be married by now, knew that she shouldn't let childish fantasies become a hope, She looked to Robert who gave an uncomfortable smile. When dinner was finished Jessamine joined the guests in the large hall, where one of the guests began to play the piano. \" Let us not worry about war, tonight we are at peace in this house.\" The group of guests applauded for Lord Phillips, and he offered his hand to his wife. Mira took the arm of another guest and the pair soon moved around the room, waltzing to the music. \"This is quite a familiar sight, is it not?\" Jessamine looked up to see that Robert had joined her by the doorway.\" \"It is Mr. Shaw.\" \"Thought I told you to call me Robert, he gave her another boyish grin. \" I thought that as our relationship has changed it would be improper.\" Her words came out colder then she planned. \" We never had a proper relationship.\" Robert told her \" We were both young, and we do strange things when we are young.\" \" So I was strange?\" \"No, that's not what I meant.\" He said, he looked like he wanted to say something, but couldn't find the words. \" You never wrote, just left me.\" Jessamine nearly hissed. Feeling the anger and pain rise from the pit was buried in her for so long. \"I'm sorry\" He said \" Truly and deeply sorry.\" Jessamine turned her gaze, toward him. And for the first time that night truly looked at him. He had aged from the from she first saw him, adapted a stronger, more grown up look. She last saw him a young man. He was now an adult. \"I cannot forgive, at this moment.\" Jessamine whispered. And Robert nodded. \"I still would hate to let you stand here like an old maid. \" He offered a hand. \"Would your wife be upset Mr. Shaw?\" \"Men dance with other women all the time.\" He looked at her in that way that made her forget about what he had done, made her forget that he was a married man, \" Shall we dance? \" Jessamine once again took his hand and let him guide her to the floor. \"You've improved Jessamine.\" Robert said and she laughed, \"I've had practice.\" \"Many suitors?\" \"No, strange as it seems there's not many suitors for a poor negro girl \"Well, they do not know what they're missing.\" Robert said. And in a few words so easily platonic, she tried to stop herself from falling back in love with him. And so it started again, his training camp was close to the Phillips home and she joined Lady Phillips and Mira on daily trips to it in order to volunteer. More often then not, she found herself stopping work in order to catch sight of him. In uniform, every bit as dashing as Mr. Darcy. In those days she spent the nights wondering why she had been cursed with the adoration she had for him. And why she couldn't love another man, one unmarried, her own race and social class. Because as idealistic and progressive as Robert was in the end she was just the poor, uneducated Negro maid. The Cinderella before the ball, and he was forever the Prince, living just out of her grasp. During those nights she made up stories. That Robert had written to her after he had left. And said he loved her, that they were happy. In the morning she wanted to bury her face into the pillow and burrow her way to those dreamland days. Should I bring him down? Should I scream and shout? Should I speak of love, Let my feelings out? I never thought I'd come to this. What's it all about? In the reality that she lived, she vowed to maintain a distance from him, in order to keep herself from falling. But Robert always a friendly man did not allow it. It was open with her. In his infrequent downtime they took walks. She talked of her home in the Leeward Islands, of its bright colours and, crystal clear ocean. He told her of Harvard, of the battles he faced. But he didn't speak of his wife. Perhaps he felt ashamed, or guilty. He spoke of his want to have his men face battle, and not be used as mules for labour. As the days went on she continued the pattern, continued the walks. And on one day he spoke of leaving. Of battles that they were needed in. it had happened so fast. He was leaving, possibly never to be seen again. \"I'm sorry I will leave you again.\" He told her. \"You must do what you must,\" he nodded sadly. \"I want you to take this Jessamine.\" He pulled out a plain silver cross, from his jacket pocket. \"It was my grandfathers, I trust you to take care of it.\" \"I shall Robert.\" He then did something she didn't expect. His wool clad arms wrapped around her, and instinctively she returned the embrace. Memories of England eight years ago came to mind, and caused her to hold him tighter. When his grip loosened she reluctantly let go. His hands still held her waist, and for the second time that day he surprised her. It happened so quickly. He kissed her, straight on the mouth. It wasn't like a passionate embrace they had shared years before but merely a peck. She stood still for a moment shocked; the tingle of his kiss ran through her. And before he could move from his state of shock, she raised her self up and returned the favor. This time it was no peck. If her heart hadn't been grieving for his fast approaching departure she would have thought herself back in England, a young woman in the embrace of a first love. When they finaly broke, the look on Roberts face was not one of pure joy. A sob nearly broke from her mouth. Quickly untangling herself from him she turned away. \"I'm sorry Robert.\" She choked out, feeling the tears burn her coffee coloured eyes. Squeezing the orbs shut she realized some tears leaked out. \"I am at fault as well Jessamine.\" Robert finally said. She heard him walk up to her, and a leather clad hand took her arm. Turning her toward him Robert gave a sad smile. \"I have not been a loyal husband, these past few months. I knew that I should stay far from you, but. \"He stopped \"Old feelings don't die easily. \" Swallowing and wiping a tear away Jessamine looked him in the eyes. \"I am not I wanton women.\" \"I know.\" \"Now you must leave, and not return to me.\" \"Jessamine\" Robert began \"No.\" Jessamine cut him off \"If I am close to you again I will become…\" she couldn't find a correct word, laughing a bit she shook her head \"I am quite crazy for you Robert. If I could choose any future, it would be our past. \" Loving You is all thats ever on my mind Loving You if u could just give me a sign, cause I can't go on She stopped and smiled at the confused look on his face \" But that clearly is not what God wants for me, he has chosen your future, you have a wife do not forget how precious that is.\" \"I shan't\" \"Take this.\" She took out an old handkerchief. \" It was my mothers, an old tradition is for a solider to carry a memento from a friend.\" Lover was the correct word Robert took the lace edged cloth and placed it in the inner pocket of his coat. \"Goodbye Jessamine.\" With that he walked away to the field where his ranks of men began to gather. Jessamine stood once more watching him leave. Eventhough she had told him not to return, the back of her mind prayed that he would. He had to survive I still I still believe You will return I know you will My heart Against all odds Holds still Yes, still I still believe I know as long as I can keep believing I'll live I'll live Love cannot die You will return...you will return The hot sun glared down on Jessamine as she sat in the shade of a tree. The air was still, when a sudden cry broke the silence. Jumping to her feet, she ran to the house to find Lady Phillips crying. Looking to her husband he spoke words that nearly sent her to the ground \"Col Shaw was killed.\" Her chest tightened, she couldn't breathe. \"Pardon me sir.\" She said and quickly made her way out of the home. Running around the back she sank to the ground. Bile rose in her throat and she vomited on the ground. Coughing she drew her knees to her chest and leaned her forehead on them. She wept. For Robert, fo his widow, his parents. For all those men killed in their prime, for those southern boys who believed that keeping a race in chains was a cause worth dying for. And finally for herself, she could never mourn for Robert. In so many ways she would want to be Annie, she could mourn her whole life. But Jessamine would never be able to show her grief. Jessamine was ironically glad that Robert had never said he loved her, hearing those words would have just made the pain worse. The Phillips decided to move back to England, hearing of Roberts's death had shaken Lady Phillips to her core. \"It was all just blank faces until now.\" She told Jessamine as she helped her pack. \"Before we go let us pay respects to his family.\" Mira told her parents one day and they agreed. Jessamine felt anxiety overcome her as the thought of seeing them came to mind. So they traveled to his home. While their Jessamine kept her distance and tried not to look at his wife. She wanted to apologize to Annie about what had happened but this woman had lost her love, it would just be cruel to let her know a lowly maid had known the feel of his kiss. As the Phillips prepared to leave she walked up to the young widow, \"I am deeply sorry Ma'am.\" She told her \" I.. I was a friend of his.\" \"Thank you, Jessamine. Annie replied, making Jessamine arch her brows in confusion \"Robert spoke of you as a close friend.\" Annie told her sadly. Jessamine nodded a thank you before following the Phillips out. Annie stood sadly in the hall. Remembering the conversation that had plagued her for years. \" Have you ever been in love before?\" She asked him early in their courtship. \"A few years ago, I was in England. There was this girl. And I had a relationship with her. The worst thing is I fear part of me will always be attached to her.\" She found herself in the ballroom one night. She started to hum and soon her body moved into formation of a waltz. Arms raised to where a handsome man should be she moved around the floor. And for a brief moment she saw him. There dancing with her. It was then that Jessamine realized that she was dancing with a ghost for years. Robert had been a ghost, of old love even when he still walked the earth. Jessamine then knew she had to do what should have been done years ago. She needed to put Robert in her past. For he was the past and you could never go back to it. The past is behind us, all we have is the future and how we use it. And I, with all those tears that I cry, I know I'm livin' a lie, I never want to say goodbye AN- Hate love? Hate me for being a killjoy of Robert/Annie.? By the ay I'm just basing this from, how Shaw did have a deep friendship with a schoolteacher, during the war. Anyway don't own Glory yada yada yada . Now i must go and finally watch Ferris Buellers Day Off . Happy New Year! ","Summary":" AN- BTW music used in this is Shall We Dance- King And I Break It To Me Gently- Brenda Lee Love Was"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Memories of War","Author":"esperanza97","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7190139","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It had been a bright, early summer morning. My regiment had just finished our round of daily drills and was in a marching formation heading north. We were sent orders to help a near-by Union regiment push back attacking Confederate soldiers. It would have been the first time we had been in action in three months. My legs were tiring from the many, endless miles I had marched over the past several months. But I ignored the soreness in my limbs and marched on. \"Left, right, left, right, left!\" yelled my commander. We were getting close. The smell of gunpowder was heavily saturated in the air. I scrunched my nose at the ghastly smell. The smell of death. My regiment march out of the thick surrounding forest, greeted by a gruesome sight. Dead soldiers everywhere; Union and Confederate alike. I had seen the dreadful carnage in front of Marye's Hill at Fredericksburg…But I had seen nothing to exceed this. It was not war; it was murder. I looked around me, the shock of the scene in front of me settling in. This was war. This was dying for freedom, dying for your country. Everywhere bodies lay. Blood, dirt, and gunpowder littered the ground. We laid down our rifles and hats. There was a brief moment of silence, every soldier and officer holding his breath. It really was a horrid sight to behold. As far as my eyes could see, the field was scattered with the remains of the soldiers. Blood. There was blood everywhere. The terrible, graphic, visions of my first battle began playing in my mind's eye. I could suddenly hear the cannons firing; the giant metal balls whistling pass my ears. The guns being reloaded again and again. The pained cries of the soldiers being stabbed by swords and bayonets. All of it. The final blow was reliving my best friend, Jacob, dying right in front of me. Just a couple hours before, we had been sitting around a camp fire laughing about something forgotten and unimportant. It had all happened so fast. Jacob had been on front line of the march formation. He had been doing well. He was one of the best when it came to loading and reloading his gun quickly. But it hadn't been enough. Suddenly, a barrage of bullets came at my regiment from the Confederates without any warning. Jacob tried to run. Two bullets to the right shoulder, one to the right hand. \"JACOB!\" I remember screaming. Jacob fell to the ground, yelling and screaming insanities. The world seemed to be in slow motion for the briefest moment. \"Onward men, onward!\" My captain had ordered. The rest of the battle was a haze. I all can really recall was getting grazed by a bullet in my abdomen. It hurt like hell, having my flesh ripped clean off. I wasn't the only one wounded. My regiment had been heavily damaged and we suffered many losses and causalities. I nervously went searching for Jacob. I looked among the dead, but, thankfully, he wasn't there. I continued my search fruitlessly for the next hour, until the pain in my side had become unbearable. I was taken to a medic tent. It smelled of blood, sweat, and death. I heard a pained scream. The voice sounded familiar. \"JACOB? JACOB, ARE YOU HERE?\" I shouted. \"Daniel, is that you?\" asked the feeble voice. \"Yeah, it's me, Jacob! Thank the good Lord your alive!\" I said, so relieved that I had started crying. \"Danny, they're gonna cut it off! My arm!\" He yelled through the curtain. \"I don't want them to cut it, Danny. I don't want them too.\" He sobbed. I stared at the ground in disbelief. I limped over to Jacob's cot. He would need me. My own wound would have to wait. I looked at his arm in shock. It was blistered, bloody, and infected. There was no other alternative. It would have to be amputated. The surgeon came in the tent with a couple medic trainees, ready to begin. Jacob began hyperventilating. The medic trainees held Jacob down while the doctor began making the incision. They didn't even give Jacob morphine to ease the pain. Jacob kept screaming and sobbing, begging that they stop, begging the good Lord to make it stop. I could hardly stand it, seeing him in such pain. I left the tent to take a breather. I could still hear him yell. When I came back inside, the deed had been done. The infected arm had been taken off and burned. Jacob's arm was all bandaged up, but the crimson still covered the floor. Jacob stared at the stump of an arm in astonishment. \"I can still feel my hand, Danny,\" he whispered. \"My mind tells it to move, but it doesn't cause it's gone.\" Jacob was too weak to even eat. He fell asleep, but he never woke up. I was keeping watch when he died. His breathing become further and further in between. I tried to wake him up, but it was too late. The Colonel found me in the corner of the medic tent the next morning, holding onto Jacob's body and crying. He was buried with the other fallen soldiers. And then we packed up camp and marched on, like always. Business as usually. I looked back at the grave of my best friend, trying to memorize the spot his remains were. I would have to show his ma and sister where their son and brother lay. I gazed at the lifeless faces of the soldiers, their mouths hanging open and empty eyes staring up at the sky. One of the dead Confederates looked like Jacob. Would this senseless war ever end? ","Summary":" It had been a bright, early summer morning. My regiment had just finished our round of daily drills"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Sandpaper Eyes","Author":"robbertree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12960080","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Again, this is more of some historical fiction rather than some Glory fan fiction, so there may be some names you might not recognize. The summer was as hot as ever, the rays of the sun beating down upon their thick cotton uniforms. The deep navy blue of the cloth didn't provide any favors, absorbing the searing light that left the skin raw and tender. The scent of grimy soldiers and sickness made even the strongest recoil in absolute revulsion at the very thought of stepping foot within the vicinity. Needless to say, dysentery and other illnesses ran amok this time if year for Union and Confederate soldiers alike. Unclean and badly preserved food on top of unwashed hands led many a man bedridden, and an appalling amount dead within the week. Outbreaks of influenza caused a great worry within the 2nd Massachusetts. Groups of soldiers congregated to recline in patches of shade, too exhausted after that day's drill to move about camp. The fairer of the men's faces had begun to burn and the skin to peel. Others sprawled out across crates of supplies, unconcerned by the splinters that dug beneath their grimy fingernails. Others paced about beneath the canopy of trees, restless now that they had so little to do. Thousands of unwashed bodies producing gallons of sweat may seem disgusting to some, but most had become apathetic to their personal hygiene. Many hadn't bathed themselves in quite some time since they had first enlisted. Some slept the day away, waiting until the tattoo of a snare to drill and be fed. The regiment's small force of officers stuck closely together, unwilling to mingle with those lower in the army's hierarchy. They hovered over a small mahogany table, the expensive wood sticking out like a snare caught in a hound's pelt. It had been taken from a local secessionist's residence at the last town the regiment had settled near by. The force had pitched their tents near a small inn run by an even smaller woman, who had been nothing but kind and accommodating to the officers. She seemed particularly invested in the dashing Charles Morse, which the rest of the captains found incredibly funny. The woman was easily forty years the man's senior, and the younger of the officers had taken to hobbling behind Charles wherever he went and winking suggestively whenever he spotted them. Not used to being the butt of a joke, Captain Morse was not pleased. Harry Russell was intent on taking the joke as far as he could, mind set on sending his old college friend over the edge. This got plenty of half-hearted complaints from Robert Shaw, who secretly found the entire situation endlessly funny-mostly just glad that he wasn't the one being picked on this time. After months of idleness and boredom, the officers had run out of ideas to keep up the regiment's morale. Many had volunteered under the promise of glory and honor on the field of battle, which seemed now like a distant memory. The intense heat and outbreak of disease had left even the calmest soldier on edge. They were miles away from the heat of battle, much to their dismay. News of defeat trickled back from the front lines, a thinly veiled rage permeated the setting. - Harry scribbled furiously on a sheet of paper, weathered and torn. He was writing to his father, who had formed the infantry regiment a few months after the war had started. He scratched at his dark moustache, which had grown wildly over the past week. He had only been too lazy to shave, much to Robert's dismay. Harry glanced down at him. His cousin lay sprawled out across his pack, snoring loudly. He raised an eyebrow. Bob never slept past curfew unless he had been stuck with guard duty the night prior, let alone snore loud enough to wake anyone up. Harry shrugged. Probably the heat getting to him, which wasn't surprising considering how fair Robert's complexion was. He did look quite flushed, come to think of it. Harry shrugged again and returned to his letter, updating his father about how nothing was happening. How fun. That lasted for only a minute, however, when Charles barreled through the flap of their tent, eyes wild. He was breathing heavily, his tall and lanky frame stooped over. He was covered in a sheen of sweat, almost glowing. Harry raised another dark eyebrow at his friend. The captain waited for his friend to explain himself. It took only a moment for Charles to catch his breath before he wheeled around. His face was flushed. \"That HAG tried to kiss me! Good God, you would have taken me for a fool had you seen my face. I ran all the way here.\" His hands made several violent gestures in the air. \"And you all think this is funny!\" A long pause. Russell laughed so hard that he gasped for air as he cackled at his friend's expense, doubling over. Charles huffed and turned up his nose. Robert let out a snore and turned over in his sleep. \"I thought that BOB was always the one we make fun of. Not ME,\" Charles eyed his sleeping friend and jabbed an accusing finger. He plopped down on a crate near Harry, scowling. He gestured at the snoring captain below them. \"I mean, just look at him.\" Robert sniffled and turned over in his sleep, oblivious. Charles nudged him with his toe. The smaller man groaned, but slept soundly. They decided to leave him be. - It was late at night when he awoke. His ears were ringing terribly. Robert cracked open his eyes as pain lanced through his skull, his mind in a dull fog. His abdomen was on fire, and it felt as if someone had poured molten hot metal down his throat. His limbs were shaky and weak, all he could possibly do was moan and curl up into a little ball. He laid in a pool of his own sweat, much to his own disgust. He couldn't move without his entire body screaming in protest. He clutched his stomach, which was twisting in knots. Robert groaned meekly as he struggled into a sitting position. Harry laid on his cot nearby, back facing him. Richard and Charles' cots were empty. Neither of them had cared enough to put away their spare undergarments or an entire writing set. The mess would have annoyed him if he wasn't in so much pain. Robert teetered back and forth on shaking legs, slowly picking his way across the mess that was their tent. He nearly tripped over a lonely shoe, causing his side to slam into a small nightstand. The small captain bit back a curse as the corner dug into his side, stomach seizing. Beads of sweat ran down the side of his neck. He grasped one of Harry's shoulders. Nothing. He shook it. His older cousin mumbled something incoherent before his eyes cracked open. Harry grumbled and raised an eyebrow at the younger man, who was swaying on his feet. \"You look like death.\" And he did. His skin was as pale as freshly fallen snow, his eyes sunken and gaunt. The bags under his eyes were deep purple bruises. His lithe frame was stooped and lopsided-his hands were shaking violently. He peeled Robert's sticky hand from his shoulder. \"Are you feeling well?\" His cousin paused. Robert bit his lip before shaking his head. Harry remained silent for a moment, his mind not quite yet processing the situation. It was almost dawn, the morning's roll call was a matter of moments away. Daylight had already begun to seep through the burlap of their tent. Robert wavered as if he were to fall, so Harry crawled from his cot and steadied the smaller man. \"Just rest for now. Tattoo will sound soon, we'll see how you feel then.\" Robert nodded despondently and returned to his nest of blankets. Harry winced in sympathy. He prayed to God that the young captain wasn't falling ill. Several men-two privates and one second lieutenant-had died due to an assortment of ailments. This was not good. The murmur of voices outside of the tent caught his attention. Harry cursed lowly. He wouldn't be able to fall asleep again before tattoo if Charlie was up already. Charles never woke up unless it was absolutely necessary. Other than that, his body slept as soundly as John Brown's did. Harry sluggishly pulled himself out of bed and poked at his dark mop of hair. He could just borrow Bob's hairbrush later. He glanced down at the man in question. He had fallen asleep again, and he cringed in sympathy. Definitely sick, no question about it. He slipped into his wrinkled uniform just as the first tattoo of a drum cut through the air, the sound crisp and sharp. Robert winced and cracked open his foggy eyes. Charlie stuck his head through the flap and gestured for the two to join him. The two stumbled out into the buzzing August morning, making their way into the line for roll call. Their fellow soldiers began to congregate around their superior officers, not wanting to be framed for desertion. It happened quite a bit more than one would think. The hours seemed to tick by, then just like that, the men were carted away for breakfast. The cooks worked furiously at their stations, having been up for several hours to provide the day's rations for over a thousand hungry men. Like everything else in camp, they were covered in a fine layer of dirt and who knows what else. Shaw had long since fallen silent as Harry tugged him towards their group of officers. Curtis, Cary, and Morse had already settled themselves on a small circle of rocks on the outskirts of camp. Richard Cary chewed on a piece of hardbread and stroked his graying beard. Greeley Curtis and Charles Morse sipped at their coffee and groaned at being awoken at five in the morning-half an hour earlier than usual-to help clean the horse's stalls. Needless to say, nobody was in a bright or cheery mood. Robert stared into his mug of tea and looked as if he was about to throw up. The rest of breakfast was silent for the most part, as it usually was. Nobody had the energy for anything before the day's drill and parade. Harry seemed to be the only one who noticed Bob struggling to eat the small amount of bread he grabbed before leaving the mess hall. Perhaps he was just being too protective over his younger cousin. He could handle himself, after all. Russell wasn't his mother. - And that was it. The men dispersed to the rest of the camp to wait for that morning's drill, which was a matter of hours away. Charlie complained about how they were roused so early for breakfast, for drill only to be conducted at half-past eight every morning. Norwood and Cary grumbled in assent as they trailed off. Harry shoved Robert into his cot after they returned to their tent. \"Rest,\" he ordered at his cousin. \"And no whining. It's too early for that. Sleep until I return-and I am NOT joking.\" Shaw nodded slightly as Harry wandered off to find Charlie and the others. - Charles Fessenden Morse sat on a worn stool, eyeing two privates playing chess. The pieces had been crudely cut from a freshly fallen oak tree the month prior, the jagged slices of a dull knife turning each of the pawns into nondescript lumps of wood. The board was old and weary, the black paint faded and damaged. The black chess pieces had been smothered in writing ink, which had stained the hands of one of the privates. Charlie jostled his leg, which had begun to fall asleep. He yawned and wandered off, leaving the other two men to finish their game. He deliberately avoided the path that crossed near the inn, not wanting to be confronted by the old woman again. He made a face, trying to get his mind off of things. The young captain dragged his feet along the trail, kicking up dirt and small pebbles. Charles hummed slightly off key, gazing into the dense foliage. The lush green ferns brushed past his legs as he tugged leaves off a nearby tree. He ripped up the soft green oak leaves, letting the fragments fall from his long and nimble fingers. Charlie rubbed at his bleary eyes and yawned widely, pulling out a small gold pocket watch. He groaned. Almost half-past eight. He sauntered back to camp, mentally preparing himself for drill. It never got less annoying each time he and the others tired themselves out. - Robert stumbled out of Harry's cot, limbs protesting every move. His throat tightened and he clenched his jaw shut. The young officer struggled out of the tent and blinked at the bright light of the sun, the ground already warm from the harsh rays of August. He shuffled into the mass of men, who were busy filing into tight rows-someone shouted orders. He spotted Charles nearby, who made a face when they caught eyes. He prayed Harry wouldn't spot him during drill. - Let it be known that Captain Robert Gould Shaw hated running with all of his being. His lungs and throat would burn, his legs would turn to lead and drag him down. He had to run nearly twice the pace of the other men in order to compensate for his small frame- which both he and Harry had complained about to the ever mocking Charles, who was well over six feet tall. But running when you feel as if a horse trampled all over you was another beast entirely. He clutched his abdomen through the cloth of his uniform, breaths rapid and shallow. His jaw was sore from clenching his teeth with an intense fervor-the bile began to rise in his throat. The rest of his body had fallen numb. It was only a matter of minutes before Shaw came to an abrupt halt, doubling over and clutching his stomach-all before promptly vomiting all over the back of another man's legs. - Harry had spotted his cousin a few lines ahead of himself, wincing as he watched Robert struggle to keep up with the unit. He cursed out the younger man in his head for being so stupid. He should have dragged him by the ear straight to the medical tent when he first saw Shaw that morning. As angry as he was at Bob for being a total fool, he couldn't help but feel pity as he watched him falter again and again. Bob kept up the pace for a moment or two more before stopping abruptly in his tracks, nearly causing a few soldiers to run him down. Their drill sergeant shouted Shaw's name, but the captain didn't seem to notice. His legs buckled underneath himself, landing heavily on one of his knees. And then he saw the dark brown bile spew out of his mouth. Harry simply cursed under his breath harder. A few voices shouted in disgust or confusion, and Russell stomped over to the smaller man. He grabbed Bob by the collar and virtually hauled him away. The sergeant shouted more orders and another man broke ranks, plucking Shaw from Harry's arms and rushing off to the medical bay. The disgruntled captain was ordered to return to the unit to finish drilling. Harry shouted something at his superior-something entirely incoherent-and sprinted after Robert. Charles buried his face in his hands and joined his friend. What a wonderful way to start the morning. - His entire body was weak, pale hands trembling. The small captain felt weightless-his dirty boots suspended above the path. He had been hefted onto the shoulders of another soldier, and immediately his abdomen screamed out in agony. The world was dull and cloudy as he squeezed his eyes tightly shut, and ground his teeth together. The world was spinning wildly-he swayed back and forth with each step the nameless man took forward. Robert couldn't focus on anything, but he could hear the murmur of voices behind him. Bile began to rise in his throat again and he was too weak to hold it down- And he promptly spilled his guts all down the back of the other soldier. There was a lot of cursing. If he wasn't so sick, he would have had the strength to be offended. More voices. Hands shifted. Robert's back abruptly plopped into a small cot under the shade of a burlap tent. He must be in the medical bay, then. His eyes cracked open as he spotted a few of his friends being ushered away by a rather frazzled doctor. Harry shot him an ugly look as he was pushed outside. Robert winced, knowing that as soon as he was better he would be getting an...earful to say the very least. He swore that Russell could be as bad as his own mother sometimes. - A common game among the 2nd's officers was to compare one another to animals. Cary was a hound, Morse was a moose, etcetera. Harry was often compared to a great brown bear-though he wasn't very tall, he was certainly strong like one. He was stocky and muscular, thick brown hair and large calloused hands. 'Mother bear' Shaw would often dub him-since he had taken to guarding Robert and the others like one. Though he still teased the others at their own expense, he would turn on a dime whenever he believed them to be in trouble. To say that Harry \"Mother Bear\" Russell was irritable was an understatement. After being chewed out by their Sargent when returning to drill, Harry couldn't focus. Parade was soon over, as was lunch. Then nothing. He chewed on the inside of his cheek and paced about, brows furrowed. The low mood had begun to affect the others in camp, many slinking back into their tents to sleep or hang around restlessly. Charles jostled his leg about to Harry's right, chewing on his lip. Richard Cary clenched and unclenched his fists. Cary raised an eyebrow at the younger brunette, biting back his annoyance. It wasn't as if his little cousin was the ONLY person sick or injured-to think that Bob was the only one that mattered was SELFISH, in his personal opinion. If Russell wasn't his superior officer, he would have smacked some sense into the boy forever ago. Robert would be fine. Hopefully. It wasn't as if he could blame him, though. From what he heard, the two might as well be joined at the hip. Being the around the same age, they played together near constantly as children-especially since Bob was the only boy in his sibling group. He overheard a story about the two of them being called to their grandfather's bedside before his death. Richard scratched his graying beard. The two did much to balance one another out, the more he thought about it. Though Harry was pone to bouts of nihilism on occasion, he was always grounded and laid back-with a hardness to him that Robert seemed to lack. Though as relaxed as he seemed, he was fiercely overprotective. Harry seemed to ground his cousin, whose unending excitement could be grating. Even with a much more gentle sentiment than Harry, Robert could be incredibly high strung. With an obsession with manners and discipline, whenever any private broke rules he was unrelenting. They could be fiercely co-dependent at times. Their time during the war had only deepened the bond between the two, as far as Cary knew. As frustrating as the two could be, he could understand why. It'd be a shame if one of them were to die before the war's end. - Robert Gould Shaw was dying. Well, it certainly felt that way. It didn't take too long for one of the nurses on staff to diagnose what happened to be ailing him, especially after having an... 'accident'-which occurred just after he was dropped off at the tent. He'd rather not speak of it, thank you very much. Yes, Shaw had a rather bad case of dysentery. He breathed a sigh of relief when the nurse mentioned that it didn't seem life threatening-for now, at least-but that he should rest as much as possible for the next week and a half. He groaned and clutched at his stomach. This feeble sound was but one of many in the air, many sick and dying lay writhing in torment besides him. He wouldn't be surprised if many didn't live to see the dawn. Robert's face twisted in revulsion as the man beside him belted out several wet, rumbling coughs. He felt the sour bile rise in his throat as his inflamed intestines seized. Desperate for the escape of unconsciousness, the small captain let his mind wander away from him-away from the pain he was experiencing. Images flitted through his mind. The care-worn face of his mother as he sat by her side, the hearth cracking and glowing. Charlie's laugh. His childhood pet, Argus, barking and rolling about in a long patch of grass. Effie's subdued smile as she scratched out a letter to a close friend. Robert's little nephew, Frankie, swinging his feet to and fro, his stubby legs not yet reaching the ground. The boy's blue eyes stared up at the clouds in wonder. The pang of homesickness and guilt crept into his throat. As excited as he once was to fight a matter of months before, it seems that he'd never get the chance. He was sure he wasn't going to die-not yet, anyway, not like this-but he feared the war would be over before he had the chance to fight. News of death reached him regularly, both family members and close friends alike. His gut twisted, not just due to his dysentery. A pain had seared into his gut-a product of the inflammation, a nurse with wiry auburn hair had told him. He still felt exhausted in the wake of such a terrible day. He grimaced and shifted in his nest of blankets, shivering despite the pulsating heat. Robert heard the mumble of low voices outside of the tent. He strained his ears, unable to discern anything coherent. Two silhouettes were dark stains upon the side of the tent. His vision was fading. Thoughts disjointed. Hands shaking. Breaths shallow. Abdomen throbbing. Pain. Shaw just wanted to sleep. The murmurs lulled him into a stupor, his racing heart slowing to a relaxed pace. Then slumber. Please leave a review on your way out. Critique is appreciated! ","Summary":" Again, this is more of some historical fiction rather than some Glory fan fiction, so there may be "},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Deluge","Author":"robbertree","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12843596","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey all, Just a a forewarning-this isn't based on the 1989 Civil war film Glory, this is based on the real events that occurred at Antietam to Robert Gould Shaw that day in 1862. So that means no Cabot Forbes-a shame, I know-as well as some historical figures you might not recognize will be here. I hope you enjoy! The faded sun sank lower and lower in the sky-a dense fog hung over the grey field, rifle and cannon fire puncturing the dense silence in its needle-like grip. The tattered edges of cornfields and broken stalks eviscerated the fringes of the landscape, a protective border between order and chaos. The mutilated corpses provided a macabre decor for the weary soldier, with the suppressed agony of man weaving its way deftly through the chilled earth. The shouts of masculine voices were muted and fuzzy, mutating into an absolute cacophony of sound. Color had long ago bled away, puddles of rusty red the only shape that drew the eye towards it. The chill of September settled into its bone-crushing embrace, early sunsets and elongated shadows a warning of the winter to come. Empty blue eyes forced their way open, blinking away the fog that had settled into them. The young captain struggled upright, pushing himself into a seated position-the ringing in his dirt-encrusted ears gripped his brain and refused to yield. Captain Robert Gould Shaw scrubbed a shaking hand across his face, rubbing his bleary eyes in an attempt to regain his bearings. An ache settled into this bones, and every hair was on its end. He groaned as he felt his neck-which was tender to the touch-before he sighed. The bullet hadn't pierced the skin. He had been lucky this time. After the skirmish at Winchester and now at Antietam, he doubted he'd be so lucky again. Struggling to his feet, he stumbled forward. Uncoordinated limbs picked their way through the field of corpses, stumbling now and again on knots of long grass and torn-up bodies that had not yet gone cold. Some of the gaunt faces that screamed up at him looked familiar. Good men, who were strong and honorable. The papers said that the war would end in a matter of weeks. Seventeen months have passed now, and the Union has been losing. Shaw set his mind on making his way back to camp. The fight seemed over for the most part. He could only pray for the Union the emerge victorious. He was sure that Charley and the others had already returned to their tent by now, and were surely looking for him. If they were still alive. It was surprisingly easy to bury those thoughts into the depths of the subconscious, like a dragon settling down into a fitful slumber. One day it would rear its ugly head and spew its acidious flame, but today was not that day. Robert pushed on, the ringing in his ears growing louder-he certainly hoped it wouldn't give his mother something to fret over. He could hardly register the heavy footsteps of gravediggers and the murmur of voices. The harsh light of the sun dipped beneath the treeline, whatever warmth it had provided fading away. The scent of gunpowder and death was pervasive. An artilleryman's lifeless body had been flung haphazardly over a rebel cannon; enemy fire had dug a chunk of fat from his cheek and left nothing but hollow blackness beneath the shattered cheekbone. His arm was splintered beneath the elbow joint, jagged edges of bone piercing through mottled gray skin. Another Confederate dragged his headless comrade through the muck towards safety. The rebels were retreating. The Union had won. The small captain didn't feel triumphant or proud. He didn't even feel manly or honorable at all, now that the adrenaline had begun to fade. Shaw scrunched his face in concentration, desperate to feel something other than the nausea that made his stomach churn and his breaths shallow. Robert's throat suddenly constricted violently, tongue swelling and mouth filling with saliva. His stomach revolted against him as he doubled over, yellow bile spewing from his mouth. The sticky vomit splashed onto his feet, staining the hem of his pant legs. He stumbled backwards, legs buckling beneath him. His kneecap smashed against the edge of an upturned rock, pain racing up his thigh. Shaw bit off a yelp as he landed hard on his tailbone. The edges of his vision blurred together. The next few minutes seemed to fly by in a blur. Robert was on his feet. His sword was in his hand. Voices. Woods. Camp. Exhaustion. Death. Aside from the idleness and the inevitable boredom camp life brings, the 2nd Massachusetts Infantry Regiment had become akin to a home away from home for Shaw. No matter how many miles they had marched or places they had settled since its inception, a feeling of unity had always rested upon its soldiers. Now the field they had settled in had erupted into absolute chaos. Soldiers escorted surgeons fervently from tent to tent, desperate to save the lives of the sick and dying. Union soldiers had begun to make their way back to camp in order to lick their wounds and bide their time. A pale figure sat deflated by a tree nearby. Richard Cary, Robert's tentmate and twenty years his senior. He stumbled over to Cary, desperate for news on their missing friends. The man's face was a ghostly white, splotches if red coloring his cheeks. His auburn beard was full and scraggly, a rough yet handsome complexion. The thin lines of age gave Cary an air of wisdom and veneration. The man's eyes were wide and glassy, most likely because of influenza-which the man had been struggling with for quite some time. Robert bit his lip. Richard had insisted that he would fight, regardless of his ailment. He tried to shake the man from his stupor. Nothing. Shook him again. Shaw jerked his hand back suddenly. Richard Cary was dead. It felt as if a lead weight had dropped into his stomach. The tips of his fingers tingled, where he had shaken the man. Whatever hope he had left withered away, leaving nothing more than a dry husk. All his other friends could be dead as well, for all he knew. They might as well be. Robert swallowed dryly. The sun sunk deeper into the sky, casting a vermilion hue over the landscape. More men had begun to filter in, Shaw breathed a sight of relief as he spotted a disheveled Charles Morse make his way over to him. \"Any news on Harry's location? I haven't seen him since the fighting had begun,\" Robert scanned the horizon for his cousin. Charles shook his head and fumbled with his kepi. \"I had heard that he had been taken prisoner by the rebels, uninjured. You shouldn't fret your little head, Bob. I heard the prisoners up here are treated well and the rations are good,\" His face twisted into an empty smile. \"I'm sure he'll be fed more than salt-beef and hardbread all of the time.\" Shaking his head in worry, Robert made his way to the camp's entrance, desperate on news of his lost family. Charles slumped over a rotten stump and glared at the navy blue sky, his sore joints popping as he stretched out his lanky frame. Bob worried far too much for his own good. He grappled with his stiff blankets before laying them out on the hard earth. He wasn't entirely certain of what time it was, nor did he really care. He knew that Shaw would wander his way back to camp eventually. Robert arrived some time after midnight to find Charles sprawled out on a pile of blankets, snoring ever so softly. He couldn't help the small smile that crawled its way into his face. He meandered his way over to his supplies and pulled out his own stack of blankets, arranging them carefully beside his friend. Shaw welcomed the warm arms of slumber as they embraced him. Neither of the two had noticed the pile of corpses just a few feet away. Thank you for reading, please leave a review on your way out! ","Summary":" Hey all, Just a a forewarning-this isn't based on the 1989 Civil war film Glory, this is based on t"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Haunted","Author":"CarminaxBuranax","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6843969","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey! Ive decided to publish my very first one-shot! This one is about the usual Rob and Annie. Criticize, but dont be too harsh; this is my first one-shot, AND my first shot at a romance fic. This is all written in Annies point of view. Hope you like it! ;) BTW, in case you didnt know, Robert Shaw had blonde hair and blue eyes youll see soon why I added this in the authors note. I highly recommend you listen to Haunted by Taylor Swift before reading this. You can find it on YouTube. Haunted The Fifty-fourths march down Beacon Street was a cheerful event for everyone everyone except me. My Robert was leaving me again. How could everyone possibly be so cheerful? Especially Sarah? Her own son was leaving to fight in a cruel and bloody war that had been raging for almost three years. I was proud of my newly wed husband, of course, but the bitter sadness consumed me and silenced any other emotion. I waited out on Josephines balcony for almost an hour, listening to loud, cheerful music while prominent people rode by in horse-drawn coaches surrounded by marching soldiers that had just recently enlisted. They were all white, but I could tell they felt out of place by the looks on their faces. How could they not be? They were surrounded by coloreds, and probably felt like the antagonists. I tried to take my mind off Robert for a while. I watched the musicians march through the streets making their magic. I couldnt though; my mind just kept wandering back to Robert. Every powerful note that bellowed out of the huge horns seemed to rush at me and slam me in the face. Every light cheery flutter of a flute made me want to mock them all of them. They were so ignorant and proud, and until now, I never paid it much mind. But now it all seemed so simple. People didnt understand war; I didnt understand it myself. But what I did understand was that it tore those you loved away from you and left an empty hole in your heart that would haunt you forever. I thought I would burst if he didnt show up soon. I waited and waited, and eventually started to pace the balcony, beads of sweat running down my forehead from the warm, moist May air. I would never forget this date. May 28th one of the most important days of my life one of the most important days of my husbands life, and therefore mine as well. Then finally I saw. I blocked out the music, the cheers, the sights everything. I focused only on him his soft, golden hair that shone like gold in the hot sun. I lost myself in his deep, blue eyes that were as endless, beautiful, and captivating as the sea. I could still feel his smooth, pale skin on the back of my hand. And then came the thing that almost made me crack his voice his beautiful, strong, powerful voice. I knew then that he was the most beautiful man I had ever seen, and I would never see nor meet anyone like him again. He was a god. Eyes, right! He called. He looked straight at me, and I looked straight at him. I felt as if I could drown in those eyes; I could almost see the waves rolling and crashing. I saw many things in those eyes. I saw happiness and love. I saw sadness and despair. I saw pride and strength. I saw passion. He knew he had to force his eyes front again. He seemed to be in terrible pain when he tried to look away. Finally, he mustered the courage and tore his gaze away from me. Eyes, front! He called to his men. Those words seemed so poisonous to me, and I knew that they would never leave me ever. You and I walk a fragile line I have known it all this time But I never thought Id live to see it break Before I could blink a teary eye, the parade was over. It had ended all too quickly, and Robert had come and gone like a wisp of smoke that I tried to catch, but it slipped through my fingers all the time. Dusk was settling in, and an evil emptiness was forcing its way into my now cold, black heart. I didnt want to talk to anyone else. I didnt want to trust anyone else. I imagined that Robert must have felt a bit guilty after leaving, which led me to feel the same way. There was a horrible knot in my stomach; just waiting silently in anticipation, and eventually, would flip it over. Fate was making a horrible mistake. Its getting dark and its all too quiet And I cant trust anything now And its comin over you like its all a big mistake I lay on my bed afterward, thinking about how everything had gone so horribly wrong. I had retired early and without supper. I tried to eat, but felt like it might come back up before I could swallow. I climbed out of bed and tried opening the window. It helped a bit. I prayed for Robert, hoping he would come back alive and unharmed. It was like I was reading one of my suspense novels; I didnt know what was to happen, and usually I liked holding my breath, sitting on the edge of my armchair, holding my breath, and reading until the end. This time though, I wanted to skip to the part where my Robert came home to me. Any moment now, I would wake up from this awful nightmare and Robert would walk into the room with his playful stride and embrace me, telling me everything was going to be okay. I couldnt lose him again, not after I had come so close at Antietam. When I tried to think of him now, laughing and smiling like the man I so desperately loved, I could only see the strict, stern man in that dark blue uniform, handing out orders to privates and officers. Why could I not think of the Robert I knew? Holding my breath Wont lose you again Somethings made your eyes go cold Why would he leave me like this? How could he leave me like this? It seemed incomprehensible. Not only was it saddening to see him leave me, but also his own family! Come on, come on Dont leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Somethings gone terribly wrong Youre all I wanted I started to hyperventilate, and then I was choking on air. My breath came in short gasps, and I gripped the bedpost for support, trying to calm myself. Come on, come on, Dont leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Cant breathe whenever youre gone Cant turn back Now Im Haunted I lay on the bed again, now more relaxed and breathing normally. I flashed back to the march earlier that evening. I remembered everything. I remembered him, I remembered the scenery, and I remembered the music. I remembered how he had looked at me with those beautiful sapphire blue gems of eyes, and I knew he loved me. He loved me no matter what; that was why he had married me, and that was why he had gone to protect his home and his family from the horrors of war. And I knew even more how much I loved him. Stood there and watched you walk away From everything we had But I still mean every word I said To you The flashback changed. I was sitting at my desk in the parlor when there was a knock at the door. It was no more than two hours after the parade had ended, and I was still shaken. A young man about my age had come to call on me, simply as a friend. Sarah had arranged this; I had no doubt about it. He seemed plenty nice and gracious, but, though I knew it was not the most polite or ladylike thing to do, I turned him down. I told him I was feeling a bit ill, which was not a lie, but indeed true. He will try to take away my pain And he just might make me smile But the whole time Im wishing he was you Instead It had been nearly two months now since Roberts departure, and I was beginning to recover. And then the postman came and killed me. He killed me in the most brutal way you can murder someone. He handed me the toxic letter with no compassion, though I was certain he knew what its contents were. I knew what I held in my hand. I didnt even acknowledge the postman, but he deciphered the fact that it was time for him to leave. I held in my hand the piece of parchment on which the horrible fates of both my husband and I had been mercilessly inscribed. I didnt want to believe what I read, even though I knew it was true. My Robert, my poor Robert was gone forever! Dead and buried in the sand with no steady heartbeat like resounding boom of a timpani drum, no warm, rosy cheeks, no sparkling blue eyes. And therefore, I was dead too. Holding my breath Wont see you again Something keeps me holding Onto nothing Come on, come on Dont leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Somethings gone terribly wrong Youre all I wanted Come on, come on Dont leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Cant breathe whenever youre gone Cant turn back Now Im Haunted He wasnt gone; I knew he wasnt. I stayed in a state of denial for what seemed an eternity, hoping that it was all a bad dream and I would soon wake up but I knew I wouldnt. I had to except the inevitable. My only love was gone forever. I know, I know I just know Youre not gone You cant be gone No Come on, come on Dont leave me like this I thought I had you figured out Cant breath whenever youre gone Cant go back Im Haunted Oh Oh Oh I found myself lying on the bed yet again, a never-ending waterfall of sorrow pouring out my eyes, my lips, and my heart. Eventually, the safe, precious haven of sleep overtook me, and I then there was darkness. You and I walk a fragile line I have known it all this time Never ever though Id see it break Never thought Id see it ","Summary":" Hey! Ive decided to publish my very first one-shot! This one is about the usual Rob and Annie. Crit"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Ghost Whisper","Author":"Spanish Sunrise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7159470","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Catch me as I fall Say you're here and it's all over now Speaking to the atmosphere No one's here and I fall into myself This truth drives me into madness I know I can stop the pain if I will it all away - Whisper, Evanescence Annie tugged her silk rapped closer around her body, shivering in the springtime night air. It was early March, and the snow was just beginning to melt in rural Boston. Her breath came out in small puffs of white clouds, but Annie would rather be out here in the cool stillness of the night than inside the stuffy Shaw mansion – so suffocatingly unbearable without him . Annie walked slowly, dejectedly towards their tree, the one where they had a picnic at one carefree summer, and he scratched her name on the bark with a pocket knife. Tears blurred her vision, but she would know the path to their tree in the Shaw's backyard blindfolded. She cared not if anyone saw her in her nightclothes, outside and alone, she just felt closer to him when she was there. Robert had been dead for two years. When she received that poisonous letter regarding his fall at Ft. Wagner, Annie's heart shattered and her soul crumbled to pieces. She was in a state of denial for the first couple of days, but then she grew hurt and angry. She was furious at Robert for leaving her, furious at his overwhelming supply of courage that led him out onto the battlefield, and furious that the sun continued to shine and the planet to spin when he was gone. There were almost no words to describe what Annie had been through – and was still going through. It was more than a Shakespearean tragedy, worse than Romeo and Juliet. Annie never seemed to get enough air when she thought of him – almost every second of the day, biting her pillow at night to choke down the screaming sobs. The only way to stop the pain was to will it all away, but sometimes, it didn't always work. Annie leaned against the tree; her beauty was a vision in the misty moonlight creating a hauntingly mesmerizing picture. Annie closed her eyes deeply, a few seconds of luxurious freedom before Robert's name stabbed her through the heart again. She needed Robert like a drug. She needed him more than she needed air. It hurt her like excruciating torture…and she was slowly dying inside. \"Annie…\" Annie froze. \"Annie…\" Annie squinted into the dark, the pale moonlight casting a ghostly glow to the earth, blanketing the Shaw's lawn in a silver, extraterrestrial light. Annie could have sworn that she heard someone call her name, but oddly, there was no one insight. The thing that frightened her most, effecting her blood to pulse through her veins at lightning speed, was that it wasn't a female voice – cancelling out the ability for it to belong to one of the Shaw sisters. It was male. It was oddly familiar, but it sounded too young to belong to Robert's father, but it was so beautiful that Annie held her breath to listen for more. If she had to describe it, it sounded musical, almost symphonic, like an orchestra hidden within its soft, velvety surface. Her heart felt oddly calm, in spite of how her brain panicked to get back into the house. Annie stayed. \"Annie…\" Came the voice again, deep, mournful. Annie took a step forward, her shapely eyebrows coming together in confusion as she peered at the moon, a ghostly galleon tossed upon cloudy seas. However, this time Annie didn't hesitate to answer to the voice, tightening her lacy white dressing gown shyly around her body. \"Who's there?\" She called out into the night, flinching at how loudly her soprano broke the gravely stillness. \"Annie…\" Came the voice again. Annie gasped as she saw a shadow, and she pressed her body closer against the tree, shutting her eyes tightly, goose bumps rising on her pale skin. \"What do you want?\" She cried out through gritted teeth, her voice sounding more desperate as her heart soaked in fear. There was a soft chuckle, almost warm and inviting – almost. \"Do not be afraid, Annie.\" \"Leave me be!\" She pleaded, her fingernails digging into the bark of their tree. \"Annie.\" The voice was soft again, laced with a soothing sensation that made Annie's galloping heart slow to a trot. \"I won't hurt you.\" Annie nodded involuntarily. She could hear the smile in the mysterious man's voice. \"Open your eyes.\" It was more of a reflex, but Annie did as she was told. She was confused when she saw that no one was there, for she could have sworn that she felt a strong, magnetic presence in front of her – and still did. \"Where are you?\" She whispered softly. \"I'm standing in front of you.\" Annie's cheeks burned with vexation. Who was playing tricks on her? \"I can't see you!\" She spat angrily. There came a dejected sight, followed by a voice filled with defeat. \"I know.\" Annie's bemusement elevated, and her eyebrows almost touched her hairline. \"Who are you?\" She demanded. \"Robert.\" Came the muted reply. Pain stabbed her heart at the mention of his name, but anger flashed second. How dare this person use her for their own entertainment? It was true that the entire city of Boston knew how hard she was taking Robert's death, but was that really excuse enough to play with her feelings? Why were people so cruel? Why did they do this to others in pain? Lightning flashed in her dark gold eyes. \"You cad!\" She cried out into the blind night. \"Why must you play this cruel joke on me? Go ahead, laugh!\" She dared, the challenge evident in her voice, that was gradually breaking into a sob. \"Go!\" The air around her suddenly thickened, and she felt a gravitational force lock around her waist. She could hear soft, barely audible breathing, and her pulse quickened. \"Annie, please don't cry.\" He begged gently. \"I can't bear to see you cry.\" There were truth behind this mysterious man's voice, and she reluctantly believed him. But there was only one person in the whole world that spoke like that. \"Robert?\" She asked unsurely, as if testing her grounds. This was ridiculous; she was being naïve and falling into some joker's trap. After all, she didn't believe in ghosts. But when he spoke again, Annie didn't care even if it was a trap. She forgot everything except Robert. \"Annie, it's me.\" His voice was so close; he could have been standing right in front of her. Feeling like a blind man, Annie tentatively reached out, feeling the air thicken alarmingly around her open palms. \"Where are you?\" Her voice broke pleadingly. \"Your hands are in my stomach.\" He said quietly. Annie jerked her hands back wildly, pinning them against her sides. Reason returned to her, and shook her head violently, taking a step back away from him. No. This wasn't possible. \"No, no, this isn't real – you're dead. No.\" She refused to believe it, losing control of her sobs, because if she did, when the pain came back it would destroy her this time. Annie didn't notice a stray root jutting out of the ground in the darkness, and her foot caught against it, forcing her down as she stumbled to the ground. She made no attempt to get up, her knees pressed against her chest and her arms wrapped around them, rocking back and forth. Annie felt heavy air descend upon her, warm and soothing as his invisible arms wrapped around her fragile, doll-like frame. \"I'm sorry.\" He whispered repeatedly into her hair. \"I love you.\" Annie perked up, leaning into the dizzying force. \"Why did you leave me?\" Despite the fact that she was currently speaking to her undead husband, Annie had never felt calmer her entire life, and the throbbing ache in her heart subsided from the balm of his presence. \"I could never leave you.\" He murmured, heavy air pressed gently against the side of her face. \"And I never will. I will stay with you forever.\" There was a soft, humorless chuckle. \"At least until you want me to leave.\" Annie relaxed entirely, turning her gaze to where she thought his eyes rested. \"That could never happen.\" She vowed, her hand plunging into the thickness of his invisible body. \"I love you.\" Cold, heavy gravity pressed against her lips, and she kissed him back, her eyelids slowly closing over her tear-blurred vision. That night, Annie slept in the arms of her long-lost love, the pain had released its grip on her heart, and reconciliation filtered through her soul, at peace at last. ","Summary":" Catch me as I fall Say you're here and it's all over now Speaking to the atmosphere No one's here a"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Distant Memories","Author":"Dr Moustachio Girl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7707439","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is about a dream I had the other night (with bits added in to make it more...exciting) ;] ","Summary":" This is about a dream I had the other night (with bits added in to make it more...exciting) ;]"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"We are men","Author":"Sirens in the water","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8169087","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I absolutely love this movie! I was inspired! Takes place right before the attack on Ft. Wagner. Disclaimer: I don't own Robert's POV The salty dusk air licked my face while the sounds of exploding shells fill the back round. Flashes of bright light hover on the edges of my vision. Sea spray leaps up and brushes the tips of my boots. I look out at the blue abyss in front of me. Gulls skim the tops of the crescent waves, screeching in response to the falling shells. To be a bird! Flying free, with no worries to hold you down. Skating over the water tops, looping through the sky. No wars to fight, or men to lead. No threats from higher officers, no disobedience from the men. No riots over pay, no soldiers to punish. But I'm not a bird. I am a man. The Colonel of the 54th Regiment of Massachusetts. I have a war to fight and men to lead. I received threats from higher officers and had men disobey me. I had a riot over three less dollars and have had to whip my own men. We aren't birds. We are men. Men that might die for our country. Even though, some of us are black. Like Thomas, who was treated fairly his entire life. Like Tripp, who was a slave. Like Sergeant Major Rawlins, who earned the right to lead. From free to fugitive, we all have chosen to stand and fight. And I have chosen to lead the fight. I can't turn away now. I dismount my steed and set him free. Maybe he can lead a better life than I. I, who did not know the meaning of life until I led the 54th. It's time. It is time to be a man. As I make my way through the soldiers, I know only one thing. We are all men here. And not all men survive. Please Review! ","Summary":" I absolutely love this movie! I was inspired! Takes place right before the attack on Ft. Wagner. Di"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Decode","Author":"Spanish Sunrise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6854062","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! This is a request from one of my fanfiction friends. Charlie X Josephine (Robert's younger sister) The song is 'Decode' by Paramore, also requested. Please review and let me know how you feel about this. It was a still Boston twilight, and the courtyard of the Shaw residence bloomed with buttery yellow tea roses, perfumed island lilacs, and massive, snowy magnolias. The garden was seduced by the warm, calm spring evening, post a glowing, crimson sunset that promised an exciting, starry night. Animated laughter of playful children echoed up and down Beacon street, and the raging blood-shed seemed like a distant rumor rather than cold reality, blotted out by the care-free existence of the Boston world. Life could not have been anymore perfect for Josephine, on the outside, she was everything a well-brought up girl should be, but on the inside...she was crumbling to pieces, screaming for help behind a mask of plastic, rosy smiles. Writing the truth with her eyes hoping that someone would notice-that he would notice. Encrypted passages of love with every word to her best friend, declarations of fidelity with every tight-lipped smile. Someday, when this cruel war is over. How can I decide what's right? When you're clouding up my mind Can't win your loosing fight All the time Charlie was unaware that he was her everything, that his bright, hazel blue eyes with compelling childlike innocence and youthful liveliness could make her heart stop with every glance he so graciously bestowed on her, which she goaded with a secret charm in his lack od knowledge to her sudden blushes and fainting spells. She strolled through the gardens with him, her arm wound through the crook of his elbow, laughing at the right moments and joking with him but still remaining a fragile piece of propriety. He always came to visit her brother Robert, but Josephine liked to believe that he came because of her. It was such a pleasant thought, both relaxing and invigorating that made her heart rush when the Shaw butler announced his presence. \"I'm going to miss all of this.\" Charlie murmured suddenly, pausing his stride to look nostalgically up at the dimming lavender sky. Naturally, his tone was cause enough for her to scrunch her forehead with worry, and she anxiously tore at the rose petals of the flower Charlie had picked for her. \"Char, what are you talking about?\" She murmured, fearing his answer. How did we get here? When I used to know you so well How did we get here? Well I think I know Charlie turned slowly to face her, giving her a sad, yet proud smile that did not touch her eyes. What was going on? Why could she not read his expression and see his problem? \"Charlie?\" \"I'm following Robert to the fifty-fourth.\" He told her proudly, a charming grin breaking across his face like the rising sun over the ocean. Josephine frowned, taken aback by his ridiculous words, she refused to believe that he was leaving her. \"Charles.\" She pouted, using his full name only when he was being disagreeable. \"Don't be silly, I'm in no mood for your unreasonable jests.\" She grinned up at his face, expecting him to grace her with that smile she adored. But his face was emotionless, a marble carving of Greek Narcissus. She grew serious dramatically, swiftly dropping her smile. \"Charlie, is this true?\" She asked, silently pleading that it was not. The truth is hiding in your eyes and it's hanging on your tongue Just boiling in my blood But you think I can't see But it was true. Three short weeks later, the time had come for the blasted war to steal her secretly beloved away from her heart. Her brother, his friend Forbes, and her sweet Charlie stood in a neat row, all looking dashing in their blue uniforms with their shiny brass buttons and striped cuffs. But it was Charlie who radiated the most light, and no matter how hard she tried, she found it impossible to look away, and stop shedding tears of distress. Robert must have assumed that she was weeping for his case, for no one knew of his sister's attraction to his friend. He was bemused, but awkwardly patted her on the back nevertheless. Her younger sister, Susannah, was clinging onto Forbes's muttering something about being careful and staying out of the cold. Josephine would have liked to behave the same way around Charlie, but they were only friends. Suppose if she spilled her heart and soul to him, and his response was that he wasn't interested. That he never saw her as anything but a friend, or worse, only as Robert's little sister. She approached him nevertheless. \"Charles?\" She called, acting formal in a way that made him quirk up an eyebrow. \"B-be c-careful.\" With those two words she spilled her entire heart out to him, but he would not know how to decode her encrypted message. He have her a smile that was meant for a child. \"I will.\" She wondered if he even realized that she was a woman now, and not his childhood playmate. What kind of man that you are If you are a man at all Well I'll figure this one out On my own On my own Then they left, it was a simple process, nothinh to extravagant about. But they left all the same. Charlie left Josephine. It was as simple as that. Though she looked no different, her chin high, shoulders squared, a completely nonchalant appearance, inside she felt like her tower of strength was crumbling to dust. She relished in the petty fact that she was in a better emotional state than her weeping sister-in-law, Annie. There were so many things that she wanted to tell Charlie, so many things she wanted him to know. There were also thousands of questions that she wanted him to answer, racing through her mind and bouncing in her head in discombobulated bundles that made it hard for her to keep track of them. How could he just leave? She thought that she made her feelings obvious for him, but apparently she was wrong. All Josephine could do was watch and suffer in silence, her proud-but-heartbroken sister-in-law leaning stiffly against her shoulder, and Susannah on the other side of her supporting their sick mother. Josephine craned her neck and scrunched the corners of her eyes in a scrutinizing squint, staring at the horizon until the dust trail left by the horse of her beloved, watching it evanesce from view. Though surrounded by family, she had never felt so alone. I'm screaming, \"I love you so...\" But my thoughts you can't decode. She was in love with Charlie, if only he could see that. She was so sure that it would have been perfectly obvious without saying so. With ever word and with every smile held encrypted meanings and secret messages but Charlie never got the signal. He was polite and respectful to her, and he always treated her both like a dear friend and a queen. Not the way you would treat a lover. If Charlie could not figure it out himself. She would tell him straight out how she felt. But unfortunately, every time that he came to visit, along with Robert and Forbes, Josephine would turn yellow, and fear would capture her words of love in an icy grip and she would swallow them down, hiding her true emotions, and receiving him with a mask of forced smiles. She would resign herself to silence, and pretend that her sadness was due to the fact that her brother was not staying long and going back to war again. She would give Robert a stiff hug and an emotionless kiss upon his cheek. He would smile at her and reassure her about his safety, before eagerly moving on to Annie, who dissolved in his arms. Josephine neither liked nor disliked her sister-in-law, and though she'd die before admitting it, she thought that Robert could do better. How did we get here? When I used to know you so well? How did we get here? Well, I think I know It was several months later when Josephine realized that she had better tell him, and tell him soon. It was a crisp, Boston morning in the lively month of May, and it seemed like the entire world lined up along Beacon Street to catch a glimpse of the proud, new, Fifty Fourth Massachusetts Infantry. Josephine could not help but admire how proud the number and title sounded, and she leaned far over the railing to catch a glimpse of a familiar face. A large band of adolescent boys sounded a powerful marching tune, loud and clear, ringing in both her ears and her heart. Thousands of red, white, and blue banners hung from balconies and waved in the hands of young ladies and small children. White circles of confetti flirted through the warm air like snowflakes in a blizzard, settling in her hair and on her gown, landing and claiming territory on the blue clad shoulders of the fifty-fourth men. Her eyes scanned the soldiers for the one that mattered most. Irritating gasps of joy sounded from the lips of Annie and Susannah as they're eyes found their men, Robert and Forbes. Josephine searched more fervently, not wavering from the task at hand until her goal was reached. Back and forth her eyes swept the marching rows, before she had the sense to look on the outskirts, which, to her relief, proved to be the most rewarding. Charlie sat on the back of his proud, chestnut-brown mare, his spine erect and his powerful body clad in a deep-sea blue. His green eyes flamed with life as they too scanned the crowd, his reddish-brown bangs occasionally fell into his eyes until he tuck his copper hair underneath the shiny black bill of his kepi. His cheek muscles flexed with the movement of his strong, angular jaw as he shouted orders to his company. Suddenly, he dropped the eye-hold of his troops, and Josephine's heart pounded in her ears as his gaze floated to the top of the Shaw balcony. In the next moment when his eyes met hers, the world ceased to spin and Josephine lost most of her senses. The sound of the marching band was muted, and only her heart beat could be heard. She could neither smell the caramel floss of the lip-smacking children nor taste her own mouth; neither could she feel how tightly she was gripping the railings of iron-wrought balcony. Her vision tunneled into a spotlight of him, only him, all for him. His expression was serious at first as he gazed upon her, and Josephine's pulse quickened with hope as adrenaline raced through her veins. Suddenly his expression changed into a bright smile, and her heart sank. For it was not the smile you would bestow upon the love of one's life, but the grin one might give to a younger sibling. It was despair she felt that he did not understand, as she watched him ride off with her gallant brother. Do you see what we've done? We're going to make such fools of ourselves. Do you see what we've done? We're going to make such fools of ourselves. Josephine could not sleep, her body and mind were dead with exhaust but she still could not sleep. His face was haunting her dreams and her heart, and he was all she could think about, as she stared unblinkingly at the only light in her otherwise dark room. The candle burned an exotic, Egyptian gold, the white bee wax melting and dropping into the small candle holder. She missed her Charlie so much it hurt. Josephine did not know what to do. She needed help, she needed a sign. There was a feeling of desperation, and try as she may, she could not shake it. It was a feeling of urgency, and she knew it had to do with Charlie, and it scared her. The candle light flickered and shed some light onto the matter-literally. The light fell on a plume resting in it's tiny ink barrel, a stack of coffee-colored paper resting beneath it. That was her sign. That was what she was looking for. The paper and quill pen were silently screaming at her to tell him, to pick up a sheet, dip the tip of the feather in the black depths of the ink well, and let everything inside of her run down on the paper. From her heart, to her mind, to her fingertips, to the paper, will her words of love flow. She picked up the utensils with a sigh, silently debating how to start it. How did we get here? When I used to know you so well How did we get here? Well, I think I know Dear Charlie, I'm still debating on how to write this down, I'm not sure what I'm required to say to let you know what's in my heart, but I will try my best. Let me first remind you that we are friends, and we have been so for a very long time. Charlie, you are one of the best and closest friends that I have, and I wanted you to know that. For the past two years, I began to see you in a different light. Remember, Char, this is not easy to say, especially for a lady, but I'm sure you'll understand. As I said earlier, for the past two years I began to see you differently, I began to feel differently towards you. I began to try to impress you, I even tried to flirt with you, but you did not notice. It breaks me to think that you might only see me merely as your friend's kid sister. If that indeed is true, then I ask you to destroy this letter and not remind me of it when you come back from war, that is if you still choose to be my friend. My simple message to you is that I love you; and I've been in love with you for a long time. I pray with a small glimmer of hope that you just might feel the same, if only a little. No matter what you decide, whether you want to speak with me anymore or not, I will understand, and I will still be your friend, and I will still love you. Godspeed. With love, Your friend, Josephine 'Effie' Shaw Her fingers were shaking as she wrote the letter, and blank ink splattered after every period that she put down with her quivering hand, bleeding right through the delicate paper. She blew on it to speed up the process of making it dry, for she knew that if she did not place it in an envelope soon, she would lose heart and courage and not send it at all. She managed to do just so, finding a stray envelope stowed away in one of her desk drawers, and after folding the letter three times, slid it inside the crisp, toffee-colored envelope. She searched for red wax and was glad to find a small piece in the library, along with a wax stamp that held the Shaw Family insignia on it. Melting it over the candle, she let it dribble on the opening tooth of the envelope, and when it was halfway dry, stamped it with the insignia. She would have to wait until tomorrow to send it, for she must ask Annie for the address where Robert's camp was currently stationed at in South Carolina. She knew that the letter would soon be in the capable hands of her love-struck sister-in-law, transferred to the mail carrier, and delivered into Robert's capable hands. She was assured that Robert would immediately give the letter to Charlie Morse. Beautiful, sweet, green-eyed Charlie Morse. The thought excited her and she could barely sleep that night. I think I know I think I know There is something I see in you It might kill me I want it to be true Two weeks later in the month of early August, poor Josephine received her reply. The mail carrier came, and the Shaw family received several letters of evil tidings. There was such a cry on Beacon Street that was never heard before and never will be heard again. Annie read her letter and fainted, Susannah read hers and screamed, her mother collapsed in tears, and her father turned ashen. Josephine trembled with fear as she held a dirty, dried from Southern dust, envelope. She bit her lip to steady herself, and with courage she did not feel, dared to tear the fragile envelope open. Her soft finger tips traced the insides of the paper letter, and with sudden roughness, drew it out. She gasped, for it was her own letter that she read, unopened. She should have told him that she loved him earlier, should have said it sooner. She was so stupid, and her heart broke into tiny pieces and her soul sank as tears poured down her cheeks. He had never got the letter. He never knew that she loved him. Thank you for reading. Please review; and if you have any Glory requests feel free to PM me. :) I find it's more entertaining when somebody gives you the idea… ","Summary":" Hey guys! This is a request from one of my fanfiction friends. Charlie X Josephine (Robert's younge"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Words for Glory (Robert Shaw)","Author":"Gizson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12774816","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I'm going to put the age of Daisy and Robert at the beginning to show when the events happened and how their relationship progresses. Robert and Cabot's age will be stated first, then Daisy's. For example: (13/12) would mean that Robert and Cabot are 13 and Daisy is 12. Chapter One (12/11) \"Daisy, our guests are here!\" I mentally groaned and continued writing. I had no time to waste. And even if I did, I wasn't going to spend it on meeting children my age when I knew we would be moving towns in no time. So why bother planting roots if you're just going to rip them out? It made no sense to me, but to mother, it was imperative that I socialize with those around me. Honestly, they would be better off playing with my sisters or drooling over my brother. They would have such a boring time sitting in a room with me. There came three pairs of shoes up the steps and my fathers voice. They all stopped right outside the study door. I held my breath and continued writing, slowly. I was nervous for these people to walk through the door and even more nervous for when my father leaves them here for me to entertain. \"Daisy, this is Cabot Forbes and Robert Shaw.\" \"That's nice.\" I muttered, dipping my quill in ink. I was surprised to know that it was two boys instead of any girls whom I would have to meet. \"Daisy, we went over this. You are to show respect to guests,\" father lectured, \"My apologies boys.\" \"Oh, it's no problem, Mr. Fontaine. Robert and I can wait here until she's done writing.\" I'm guessing they all bowed their heads before my father left. \"So, Daisy is it?\" one of the boys asked, standing next to me. \"Yes. And what was yours, did you say? Nuisance?\" He laughed and turned away from me. \"Robert, did you hear her? She's got a bit of spunk in her.\" \"Cabot, leave her alone. She's obviously annoyed at your presence.\" \"Well, she'll have to deal with it,\" Cabot said, walking away from me. \"Excuse you, but she is sitting right here and she has a name. It would be nice of you to use it,\" I stated, standing up and facing the boys. Cabot smiled at me while the other one, Robert, just frowned and shook his head. (13/12) \"Daisy, come on! Cabot already took off to the forest!\" Robert whined, pacing the study. \"Calm down, Robert, I have but a sentence left.\" \"This sentence is taking too long!\" \"There, I'm done,\" I stated, signing the paper with 'D. Fontaine' in cursive. \"Finally!\" Robert cheered. He grabbed me by the hand, making me drop my quill, as we ran towards the door. I stopped him briefly to grab my book before we took off running again. We barely hesitated to say 'goodbye' to my parents and we were out the door. Robert and I were laughing as we ran to the wooded area behind our houses. When we reached the area, Cabot was already there and finishing up the second treehouse we had been building. \"Took you both long enough. Surprised you came up for air long enough to remember you were supposed to meet me,\" Cabot called down. Robert's cheeks flushed as I rolled my eyes. Cabot was still laughing and Robert was glaring at him. I smirked and kissed Robert's cheek before setting my book down on a rock and walking over to the tree. \"Okay, let's hurry up and finish this treehouse.\" The second treehouse was made and the boys decided to play 'War'. \"Robert, you take the other tree, I'll take this one. And Daisy, you'll be-\" \"I'll be the girl who doesn't pay mind to the game,\" I interjected, walking away. \"Geez. What's up your girlfriend's arse?\" Cabot muttered, though his whisper isn't that quiet. There came a slapping sound and I knew that Robert had hit him, probably in the shoulder. I smiled as I walked deeper into the forest. (15/14) \"Robert, let's go! You'll never learn if you never try,\" I exclaimed, trying to convince Robert to get on the ice. \"Need I remind you of horse riding?\" he smirked, crossing his arms. \"Touché, Mr. Shaw. But I'm being serious, Robert. Here, you can even hold my hand. I'll help you.\" I put my hand out, hoping he would take it. But he looked at it apprehensively. I was growing impatient. Everyone else was skating around and the ice was getting used up. The longer he waited, the harder it would be for him to learn. I sighed and looked down the bank where my friends were skating up. \"Daisy, let him be. Just come with us,\" Louise said when she reached me. I looked at Robert sadly before skating off with them. They tried to include me in a conversation, but I was too preoccupied about Robert. I didn't want him to miss out on this. My friends and I had already skated around twice now. But coming up on our third lap, Robert tentatively stepped out on the ice. Smiling, I left my friends and raced up to him. \"Here, take my hands.\" He smiled bashfully and did as I said. \"Now it's just like walking. Just put one foot in front of the other.\" \"Easy for you to say. And besides, you're skating backwards!\" \"Practice, Mr. Shaw. All it takes is practice.\" Right then, my skate caught on something and I nearly fell. But Robert caught me. Our noses were almost touching, both of our cheeks were flushed, but whether it was from the cold or the close encounter, we couldn't tell you. Louise and them skated by at that moment, and giggled as they passed. Robert and I pulled away and continued skating. (17/16) \"Daisy, you have to dance. It's the whole reason we're here.\" Robert complained. I rolled my eyes and looked over at Louise. She was dancing with Cabot and they looked like they were having a grand ole' time. \"Robert, I'm sure if you really want to dance, any girl would fall head over heels to dance with you.\" \"But that's the thing, Daisy, I don't wish to dance with them. I want to dance with you,\" he whispered, stepping closer to me and tucking a strand of hair behind my ear. \"Well then, what are we waiting for?\" Robert smiled and pulled me out to the middle of the dance floor. We talked and laughed the whole night away. When the music slowed down, Robert and I pulled closer to one another, his hands wrapping around my waist as mine wrapped around his neck. We talked in hushed whispers and swayed to our own music. We didn't stop until Cabot and Louise pulled us away, saying it was time to go. And even then, Robert and I walked home after dropping Louise home, leaving Cabot in the carriage by himself. \"I had a great time tonight, Daisy. Thank you.\" \"It was my pleasure, Robert.\" \"I get to see you tomorrow, don't I?\" he asked, making his way down the steps of my porch. I shrugged, \"Maybe.\" We said one final 'goodbye' before I walked into my house and went to bed. A smile never leaving my face.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two (18/17) It was a warm day in the summer and Robert was over. Cabot was out doing Lord knows what with God knows who. And Louise was visiting family that had come into town. So it was just Robert and me for the day. We were outside on the porch, both of us with a book in our hands. Though he was reading my Emerson book and I was drawing in mine. \"Honestly, the man's words offer such comfort. Thank you, Daisy, really, for telling me to read this.\" \"Of course, Robert. What else am I here for besides good book recommendations?\" He smiled and looked down at my lap. \"Are you drawing?\" he asked, scooting closer. \"What? No!\" I blushed and held the book close to my chest. \"Let me see, Daisy. It's not every day you find out that your friend can draw,\" he pushed, giving me his signature boyish smirk. I just rolled my eyes and got up to bring the dishes mom brought us back inside since we had already eaten the snacks and drank the lemonade. But before I could get inside the door, Robert stopped me, pulling me back outside. \"Promise me you'll show me your drawings?\" Robert asked. \"I'll think about it Shaw, but no promises.\" I walked inside, smiling to myself. When I reached the kitchen, mother looked at the empty plate and cups and smiled. \"You and that Shaw boy have been spending quite a bit of time together,\" she commented, raising an eyebrow. \"Well, it's not my fault that we practically follow his and Cabot's family when we move.\" \"It's only because all of your fathers work close together.\" As I placed the dirty dishes in the sink, there came the sound of a carriage from outside. Mother and I shared a looked of confusion as my younger sisters stomped their way down the stairs and out the door. Mother and I were quick to follow. We stood on the porch, watching the young man retrieve his bags from the back of the carriage. If my eyes don't deceive me, and I pray they do, it was none other than Harrison Poper, my brother's oldest friend. \"Daisy, who is that?\" Robert asked in a low voice, standing next to me. All I could do was shake my head. It was best for Harrison to remain unknown to Robert. But I'm afraid my wish went unheard. Harrison turned around, the carriage walking off, and landed his eyes right on me. A cheeky smile appeared on his lips as a scowl settled on mine. Mother stood a few steps away from the porch, her hands folded in delight. She always loved Harrison. \"Mrs. Fontaine, how lovely to see you,\" Harrison commented, walking up the pathway and kissing my mothers cheek, \"Daisy.\" He put his hand out, expecting me to put my hand in his so he could kiss it. Well, there's always more than one way to make him kiss my knuckles. \"Daniel's not here, so it would probably be best for you to go back to town and wait for him in where ever you're staying.\" \"Sorry Miss. Daisy, but I'm staying here for a while.\" \"Miss. Fontaine. You are not allowed to call me Daisy.\" Harrison moved his hand to graze my cheek, murmuring a drawn-out, \"Daisy.\" However, Robert stepped in, acting as a barrier, and caught Harrison's wrist. I must say, I was a bit impressed. \"I'm not sure whether you are deaf or daft, because she said to call her 'Miss. Fontaine.'\" \"And who is this? A friend of your brother's?\" \"No, actually, he's my . . . partner.\" From the corner of my eye, I saw Robert smile. He and Cabot- that is, if we decide to tell Cabot what happened- would be making fun of me for this for years to come. Harrison retracted his hand, fixed his coat, and cleared his throat. \"Well then, pardon my rudeness. I'm Poper, Harrison Poper.\" \"Shaw, Robert G. Shaw. It's a pleasure to meet you.\" They shook hands, Harrison's lips tight in a fake smile. \"Pleasure's all mine.\" \"Here, why don't I help you with your bags. Daisy and I can show you to your room.\" With that, Robert grabbed one of Harrison's suitcases and I led the three of us up to my brother Daniel's room. Robert and I left Harrison to get settled and made our way to the study. I was actually a bit nervous to hear what Robert had to say about me referring to him as my partner. I stood in the center of the room while Robert sat on the edge of my desk. I was nervous and refused to meet his eyes. \"I'm not entirely sure what to say. Mostly because I'm not too sure whether you meant what you said or if you were simply coming up with an excuse.\" \"And what would your response be if I said I meant it?\" Robert walked over to me, taking my hands in his. \"Daisy Grace Fontaine, my heart has been given to you since the first year we met. I would be honored in being your partner and doing anything I can to make your life easier and more enjoyable.\" With that, he kissed my cheek and turned to walk out of the study. But before he got to far, I held him back and pulled him into a kiss. \"I meant it,\" I smiled. ","Summary":" A/N: I'm going to put the age of Daisy and Robert at the beginning to show when the events happened"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"The Pride and Glory of the 54th","Author":"ilovemedia18","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7954613","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I shifted uncomfortably in my dress as I made my way through the crowded room. It wasn't that I couldn't walk in a dress it was just that I found dresses to be constricting in more ways than one. I couldn't run, climb, or ride in a dress. But I promised my cousin that I would at least act like a lady today. The Shaw family had been friends of my family for a long time. And I must admit I was very excited to see Robert again. It had been very uneventful without him and Cabot here and I was excited to have my two best friends back. Eventually I found Robert who was at the moment talking to his parents, the governor, Fredrick Douglas, and a whole lot of other military men. I couldn't hear much but what I did hear made my eyes widen. Robert said something then took his leave. I knew Robert was stunned, frankly so was I. Robert had just been made a colonel of a whole black regiment. I don't think that had ever been done before. He was making his way through the crowd looking like a lost little boy. \"Bravo Robert.\" \"Good to have you back son.\" I watched as my poor distressed friend looked for a way out. \"Robert. Rob!\" He turned around and his face relaxed into a smile when he saw me, \"Samantha.\" I smiled and closed the gap between us, hugging him. \"It's good to see you again Robert.\" He pulled back and blushed, just a little. Men and women alike stared at us. There were always rumors going around about the two of us, mainly from the women of course. It wasn't proper for a woman to hug a man if they were not courting. And Robert and I were not. But I couldn't care less. I was just happy that my best friend was home in one piece. \"It's good to see you too.\" I could tell he was still distressed so I offered going outside to get a breath of fresh air. \"Yes that would be wonderful.\" He took my arm and led me outside. We walked down the steps and too the fence where he let go of my arm and gripped the railing so tightly that his knuckles turned white as snow. \"Rob.\" I said his name softly as I gently took hold of his arm. He was tense but slowly he began to relax. \"Robert, what happened to you?\" He looked at me and I could see the fear and confusion in his eyes. He opened his mouth but found himself at a loss for words. \"I-I don't… it was so…\" \"It's alright; you don't have to tell me. Just know that, when you do want to talk I'll be there to listen. You gave me quite a fright, when I heard you had been injured I was terrified. Life would be utterly dull for me without you and Cabot.\" He gave me a small smile, \"I imagine the same could be said for me if I did not have the two of you life would be very dull indeed.\" He took hold of my hand and held onto it staring ahead of him. I could see that he had a million things running through his head at the moment and decided to say nothing and let him think. We stood there for quite some time, neither of us saying anything. My attention was brought to, however, when I heard the crunching of gravel I looked to my right past Robert to see Cabot. His clothes no longer straight and his hair a bit disheveled and clutching a Champaign glass in one hand and the bottle in the other. \"What's the matter Chester? Too much punch?\" He leaned against the fence and laughed making Robert laugh as well. I couldn't help but smile at the two. Yes life would be very dull without these two. \"I mean, I know how much you'd like to make colonel, but a colored regiment?\" he laughed taking another drink from his glass. He looked at Rob, \"you know how popular that would be? Handing out guns to a thousand coloreds?\" He paused before shaking his head and noticing that Rob hasn't said anything and that he was looking at the ground, \"Hey, Robert? What's wrong?\" He but he hand with the bottle on his friends back making him look up at him. Robert opened his mouth and tried to from words for a moment but said nothing until he just said it, \"I'm gonna do it.\" Cabot looked somewhat stunned before pushing him a little, \"You're not serious.\" Rob shook his head vigorously, \"Yeah… I want you to come with me.\" \"Me?\" Cabot's voice was small and Rob nodded again. \"And you?\" Rob nodded again. Cabot chuckled, \"Can you picture me in charge of a regiment? Picture me in charge of anything.\" He chuckled and Robert looked at him seriously, \"I would be honored to have you.\" Cabot looked at him before smiling, \"Then you're an idiot.\" The two laughed and I chuckled quietly before Cabot looked at me, \"And so are you for being around the both of us.\" \"Oh I know. Believe me I know. I have to be an idiot for being related to you and having Robert here as a best friend.\" He laughed and Robert pretended to be shocked, \"I'm hurt.\" \"And you are full of it. Both of you.\" We laughed just as Thomas came running out the door. \"Rob, is it true? There's to be a colored regiment?\" Cabot smiled and looked at Rob, \"So it seems.\" Rob looked at him before looking back at Thomas, \"Then I am your first volunteer. \"Cabot and Thomas laughed and shook hands before he shook Roberts. \"Sam can you believe it! I'm going to be in the army!\" I laughed, \"Well done Thomas. Now if only they would allow women into the army I would not feel so left out.\" \"War I no place for you darling and you know it.\" I smacked Cabot in the arm. \"Women are not permitted to fight no matter how badly you want to.\" I sighed knowing Robert was right but I would never admit it. \"Then why is Cabot fighting?\" Thomas and Robert laughed, \"Hey, I take offense to that!\" \"Good.\" I smiled and so did he. \"Well I guess we better go back inside. I'm sure your admirers are waiting for you.\" Robert paled slightly. He could face the horrors of war, he could fight against men that were just like him; but what he could not do was face a bunch of women who were practically throwing themselves at him. \"You had better not leave me with those women.\" I grinned deviously at him, \"And why should I stay with you?\" Cabot and Thomas were laughing at his expense, \"Please Sam, please don't leave me alone with them. You are the only one that can keep them away.\" I sighed, \"Fine, I guess I will stay with you and keep the enemy at bay.\" He let out a sigh, \"Thank you.\" He held out his arm and I took hold of it as the four of us headed back in. Robert was right I did manage to keep the obsessive women away with one glance from me they looked away finding far more interest in the carpet or the celling. Cabot went off to find another bottle as Thomas went off to talk to some people. Leaving me with the boring task of being introduced to every single man in a uniform with Robert. I smiled and said hello and doing the lady thing by not asking too many questions, rolling my eyes, or scoffing. All of which I wanted to do. I wanted to ask what was happening out on the battle field. How many men we had lost? Who was in control of what. All of which were very inappropriate to ask. An elderly man approached us and by the looks of his uniform I would say he was a general. \"Captain! Or should I say Colonel now!\" He laughed and shook hands with Robert, \"General Heming. General this is Miss Samantha Forbes.\" I curtsied a bit, \"How do you do.\" He kissed my hand, \"It is a pleasure to finally meet the cousin of the, now major, Cabot Forbes.\" \"Thank you General.\" \"It appears you are very popular amongst the Shaw household.\" He gave Robert a pointed look who blushed ever so under the older man's gaze, \"Yes, well , I did spend most of my childhood with Robert and Cabot. \" \"Indeed, my dear if I may, I have something I would like to discuss with you in private if I may.\" I glanced at Robert who nodded his head a bit, \"Of course sir.\" Robert hesitantly let go of my arm and the General held his hand out which I took, \"Don't worry Robert I won't steal her away from you for long.\" He sputtered a bit but never formed a complete sentence as three women surrounded him. I couldn't hold back the chuckle that left my lips. The general laughed as well, \"It would appear that Colonel Shaw has to fend for himself now.\" \"Yes it appears so. Though I must admit I am rather amused by his current situation.\" He nodded as he led me to another room. It was smaller and its occupants were all dressed in military outfits, save for Mrs. Shaw. The door was shut behind me and I turned my attention to the seven or so people in front of me. I recognized only three people besides Mrs. Shaw, the governor, Mr. Shaw, and Fredrick Douglas. \"Now I'm sure you're wondering why I brought you here.\" I nodded, \"You see a woman with your talents could be very useful to the army.\" \"I beg your pardon?\" \"You are a smart women Miss Forbes. Quick on your feet, you know how to get things done well and in a timely manner, and you are resourceful.\" \"All of these things are something we look for in army personal.\" I eyed them suspiciously, \"What exactly are you asking of me.\" \"What they are asking, my dear, is if you would accompany the 54th and serve as a sort of aid in the camp.\" My eyes widened at Mr. Shaw's words. \"You would be Colonel Shaw's aid as well as nurse when need be.\" \"I see.\" Mrs. Shaw strode forward and took my hands in her own, \"You would be the only woman in camp and would have to live like the men; however I have the utmost confidence in your ability to cope.\" She winked at me and I smiled at her, \"Thank you mam.\" She stood beside me and held my hand as the General looked at me, \"So, what is your answer?\" I paused and glanced around the room before letting my eyes land on the general again, \"My answer is yes.\"[Chapter 2] I knew that Cabot and Robert would not be happy when they learned that I was to join them. And my thoughts were confirmed right when I saw an angry Cabot heading toward me. He seemed much more sober now but he still looked a bit disheveled. He pointed a finger at me, \"We need to talk.\" He pulled my arm and led me through the crowd until we ran into Robert who, coincidently, looked just as angry, \"Samantha, may I have a word with you?\" His tone made it clear it wasn't a suggestion. Cabot looked at him, \"Not until I'm through with her.\" He stopped for a moment and glanced at him, \"Did you just find out?\" He nodded, \"Follow me.\" He did and Robert led us up the stairs and into one of the many rooms. Cabot had not let go until we were in the room and the door was shut. Then he reeled around and shouted, \"Are you mad? Do you think this is a game?\" \"Sam, what were you thinking?\" I said nothing. I knew better than to interrupt them when they were angry. Cabot crossed his arms, \"I will not allow you to go to war with us. Sam you are like my sister and I don't want to see you hurt.\" I squared my shoulders and looked them both in the eye, \"Then teach me. Both of you. Teach me how to properly fight so if I ever have the need to defend myself I can do so.\" Robert looked at me with pleading eyes, \"Please don't do this Samantha. We don't want to have to worry about you.\" \"Like I said, teach me. You two cannot protect me forever. Please let me do this. I want to help. I want to be with you two and know that I am not just sitting at home worrying my head off wondering if you two are alright. Please Robert, Cabot.\" Robert stared at me for a long time before glancing at Cabot who shook his head, \"No, Robert. Tell her no.\" Cabot's voice held a pleading tone. Robert sighed, \"Cabot, she is a grown woman and she's been asked by the general and the governor to join us.\" Cabot was getting choked up, \"But-but she can't… I can't…\" \"Cabot.\" I put my hand on the side of his cheek and he covered it with his own, \"Please, I can do this, you know I can.\" He rubbed my hand with his thumb and then kissed the side of it. Tears welled a bit in his eyes as he let out a little chuckle, \"You used to come running into my room and crawl under the covers with me when there was a storm. The thunder scared you. And I used to wrap my arm around you and tell you that in the morning there would be a beautiful rainbow in the sky just for you. You would ask me to sing to you and I always sang that old lullaby that my mother taught me.\" He sighed, \"I guess I still see that little girl.\" I smiled at him and kissed his cheek. I turned my head toward Robert who smiled at me, \"Samantha, I would be honored to have you accompany us.\" The next morning I missed Robert's speech because I was getting all my affairs in order. Should anything happen to me I left everything to the Shaw family. I left specifics as to what went to each family member. They were my family. They always looked after Cabot and I. Even before my parents died. They took care of us when Cabot's parents passed away when he was just twenty three and I was eighteen. They became my home. I sighed; I would miss this place dearly. But I was going to be making a difference and I was going to be with my two best friends. I smoothed out by navy blue trousers and white cotton shirt before pulling on a black vest and tying my hair back. I made my goodbyes quick because I feared if I lingered I would begin to cry too much. Mrs. Shaw held me tightly and I could feel the tears start to prick my eyes, \"Take care of him, please. I know he'll do fine but don't let him lose himself to the lonely life of being in charge. And Cabot, the dear boy, he will definitely need looking after. Though I'm sure you already knew that. And take care of yourself. You are a strong girl Samantha, but it's alright to let others in. It's alright to be afraid. And know that I will always love you like a daughter.\" A few tears streamed down my eyes as I pulled away from the sweet older woman. \"I will miss you terribly. But I promise to write regularly. And I promise to update you on how the boys are holding up.\" I wiped my eyes, \"I'll make you proud.\" She gave me a soft smile, \"I know you will dear.\" I saddled up my horse and soon I was riding alongside my dear cousin who was having immense fun making fun of me. \"You realize of course that you won't have your own tent and that you'll have to share with us officers.\" I rolled my eyes, \"My dear Cabot, I do realize that I will not be living in a nice little room all to myself. I do realize that I will be living outdoors in a camp. And I do realize that I will be living with a bunch of men.\" \"Just wait until the smell sweetheart. Over a thousand men who don't shower on a regular basis.\" I did crinkle my nose a bit but quickly pushed it away hoping Cabot didn't see. I was wrong. \"Aha! There we are something that will bother you!\" \"Oh shut up.\" We continued bantering back and forth for a couple of hours. Robert had only ridden beside us a little bit and when he did he didn't seem to say much. He was getting himself ready for his position as colonel, this I could easily see by his responses to us. As the men marched through Readville Camp they were jeered at and my blood boiled at their words. They were human beings and did not deserve to be treated this way despite what their skin color may be. I have meet black people who were far smarter than some of the white people I've met. I said nothing for I knew that they were looking for a reaction. I kept my cool rather well. \"Hey look, they even brought a woman with them!\" Oh boy. Here we go. \"Probably for cold and lonely nights.\" They laughed and I could see Cabot's grip on the reigns tighten and his jaw clench. \"Easy Cabot.\" The last thing we need is for Cabot to lose it and kill someone before we ever even make it to camp. \"They'll need something to do and what better entertainment than a pretty young woman like her?\" I saw Robert's horse stop and I could see him visibly tense. He and Cabot both were getting angrier by the second. I rode up to Robert and I could see the anger in his eyes. \"Rob, keep riding. Ignore them.\" He didn't say a word but did as I asked. He and Cabot both were tense and remained silent until we were out of Readville and into camp. I got off my horse and grabbed my belongings. \"Sam,\" I turned around to see Cabot with his own belongings, \"You looking for the barracks?\" I nodded, \"I'll show you.\" I followed my cousin as we walked across camp, \"You see, you're not an officer but you are a woman and we aren't going to make you sleep in a tent on the ground.\" We came up to a small building and walked inside. \"So you'll be rooming with me and Charlie.\" The room had three cots and one was already taken. Charlie's bag was sitting on his bunk but he was nowhere to be found. \"This will be fine.\" He smirked at me, \"You sure you can stand rooming with a couple of stinking men.\" I put my hands on my hips, \"Cabot, I am perfectly capable of handling sharing a room with men. I've handled rooming with you and Robert before. Why should this be any different?\" He took on a serious look and leaned against the door post with his arms crossed, \"Honey, that was when we were younger. And these men aren't all like Robert and I. To them you're a beautiful face with a body. You have to be on your guard with all men, not just the soldiers but the officers as well. I'm not saying you can't trust them but, they are men and men are… pigs. Plain and simple. Just stick to Robert and me until the men get used to the idea of having you around and learn to respect you.\" I smiled at him, \"Alright, I'll stick to you and Robert.\" He shook his head a bit, \"I think you're overreacting though.\" \"We'll see.\" It couldn't be that ad could it? ","Summary":" I shifted uncomfortably in my dress as I made my way through the crowded room. It wasn't that I cou"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"True Character","Author":"Rainstar of LightningClan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6578096","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N : Yes it's been done(to death), but see, I don't care. ;) I like the idea of this prompt, and sometimes I think the only way Forbes would ever admit himself to Robert is under dire circumstances(as in \"Admissions by Midnight\") or under extreme inebriation, as is the case in this little fic. xP And, yes, this is from a non-existenft scene from a party that I made up. I fancy it to be a New Year's party, because I want some cold weather right now, but alas, as I am in South Texas, the chances of that happening...are nil. So I shall make it up in the wonderful world of fanfic! ;D A/N 2 : After re-reading this story, it has occured to me how very badly that I made Forbes seem OOC, and I cannot begin to forgive myself for this, I can only say, do not mix Red Bull and sleep-deprivation while writing a fanfic. -face palm- However, I am still rather happy with this story, and should I countinue it, I will make them both very IN CHARACTER in ensuing chapters. I believe the reason I took so many liberties with Forbes is because he is so very intoxicated, and so therefore, his personality is different, ie: his \"true character comes out.\" ;) Also, I am very nervous about posting this because it seems to be not as \"elegant\" as my previous Glory!fic, and I noticed that that is what my reviewers liked the most, and so, if this is not up to the same par, please do let me know, and especially tell me what you would change/fix. Thank you my lovely readers! ^^; ~Rainy EDIT (01/16/11): So...as I posted on \"Admissions\" I foolishly put the lovely Robert as a General, not as his proper rank of Colonel. My tragic mistake. -face palm- It had been a while since I'd seen the movie, and this detail had escaped my recollection. I'm sorry! I've now fixed it. ;) Prompt : ...drunk... A man's true character comes out when he's drunk. ~Charlie Chaplin Approximately 1:00am, New Year's Day. Why was it that it always seemed like Forbes was the one who got drunk at these things? Honestly, there had been what? A few glasses of champagne..f maybe ? But as per the norm, it seemed that his dear friend had somehow managed to track down something considerably stronger..and in quite a large quantity if the way he was leaning so heavily on Robert's smaller frame indicated. \"Major, if you insist on getting so thoroughly inebriated at these functions, I will have to start intervening on your behalf, and not allowing you to attend them any longer. Forbes merely grinned at him and nodded dazedly while humming something that sounded like a butchered version of \"Yankee Doodle.\" \"I'm serious you know, as your superior officer, I could bar you from any type of celebratory function or other,\" Robert insisted, attempting to get through the thick head of the Major. \"Lay- offof –mee-Robuurrtt!\" the other man replied, his words coming out as a barely comprehensible, slurred, mess. \" 't'was only a...NewYuurs..partyyy..\" he added, with much difficulty. \" 'nly happens..onceayuur, so..there,\" he concluded proudly, as if this was the most brilliant argument known to Man. Robert shook his head in his frustration. \"You are very lucky that you are my friend, Major,\" he said, indulgently, \"or else you would be suspended, more than likely, for setting such a poor example for your troops,\" he admonished lightly. Though, it was rare, in his opinion, when Forbes did set a good example. However, despite how \"irked\" he was, he knew he couldn't just deposit the good Major in his tent, as he might choke on his own spit..or worse..in the night. And really? The Union did not have the resources to be replacing majors, especially ones that died of their own, stupid, volition. Therefore, he led him, staggering as he did so, through the cold air and dark sky that seemed to always be threatening snow, to his own tent and upon arrival, promptly plopped him down on the cot. The Major laid back, his legs still hanging over the side, as if he'd been sitting on the edge of the thing and had merely laid down, rather than having been deposited, most ungracefully, by his somewhat peeved friend. Robert took up residence in his desk chair, and he roughly pinched the bridge of his nose, hoping to ward off the inevitable headache he was going to have, the one that he could already feel building at the back of his head. The blonde man sitting/laying on the cot across his tent broke the silence that had begun to stretch between them. \"Hey Robuurt...\" he trilled, his voice holding a teasing lilt to which Robert responded by rolling his eyes. He supposed it could be worse, Forbes could be a mean drunk, rather than a loopy one. When he got no response he attempted the greeting again, but this time he attempted to roll the \"r\" and ended up making a fool of himself, not that he noticed, of course. However, Shaw glanced up at him, \"Yes, Major Forbes?\" he asked tiredly. Forbes grew silent once more, for which Robert was immensely thankful, but he began to notice that there was something akin to a pout developing on the Major's face. \"You haven't called me...bymyfuuurst nammme, since I jjjoiined, yerr little regiment..thingy...Why?\" Forbes asked, the final word sounding surprisingly lucid. \"Because,\" Robert responded, \"It would not be proper, I'm your commanding officer, therefore, despite my friendship with you, I should address you as I would anybody else in the regiment,\" he explained, wondering if the Major would even remember any of this when morning came. \"Wwwouulldju..bring n-ebody ellsse to yerr tent?\" he queried, his tone surprised and somewhat teasing once more. Robert flushed a deep crimson as he realized the Major's implications that his lurid tone suggested. \"Major!\" his voice was accosted, and perhaps a bit embarrassed. \"That is...That was highly uncalled for Major, and quite frankly, the implications you're even suggesting are scandalous and perverse!\" Robert's tone held an edge of condemnation, and his eyes had been locked with Forbes' blue ones. So, he assumed it to be his own imagination when he thought he saw a flicker of disappointment and sadness flicker through their blue depths, but it was gone so quickly, he had no problem convincing himself of the much safer option that it was merely a play of candlelight. \"Wwhhatt...eef...\" he cleared his throat and seemed to gather himself mentally before continuing, \"What if, one of your troops...was of that perverse nature, Colonel?\" he asked, his voice shockingly clear, with only the slightest touches of the previous slur. \"Then I would be forced to remove them from the regiment,\" Robert answered without even a second thought, except that now, he focused on some imaginary point, rather than his friend's face, perhaps he was afraid of what he might see written there.[Chapter 2] A/N: So, I continued it. :) I received a lot of encouragment and kind words, for which I am eternally grateful! Thank you to all of my wonderful reviewers! You guys keep me writing when I feel like dying from AP Exam studying! D: ~~Please let me know what elements of this chapter you liked, what you want to see more of, etc...Also, if a particular line \"worked\" for you, or really \"squicked\" you, let me know, please! :D~~ ++ I'm looking for a beta for this story, as well. So if anyone is interested, please message me! Thanks! ++ **~*~*~**Also, one last thing, the wonderful amazing AnnabellandEdwardForeva made the most gorgeous, sultry trailer for this fic! You MUST go see it! The link is on her profile under \"True Character.\" It's...it's just amazing! Go give her love! ;D **~*~*~** Now onto the story... January 1~The Next Morning Major Forbes' eyes blinked open wearily, and he instantly slammed them shut once again. The horrendous beast of Light was shooting rivulets of pain through his eyes, and she was laughing at him as she did so. She mocked his pain by seemingly getting brighter, and still managing to shine through the folds of his eyes lids. She danced around him, playing dapples across his severely rumpled uniform, and refusing to grant him the repose his aching head so desired. Realizing it was a battle he was going to make little headway in, and being the brilliant strategist he was, he decided to surrender, and he allowed his eyes to open, slowly though, and with his hands shading his eyes against the celestial onslaught. Cabot groaned as he rolled over onto his back and felt around on the ground beside his cot for his boots. When his questing hand met no success, he furrowed his brow before he realized they were on his feet already...or was it..still? This would not mark the first, or likely the last, time that he passed out from drunkenness, however, as his eyes met the sight of an impressive desk made of a dark-stained wood, it occurred to him that this was not even close to the same level as those previous instances. He was in Robert's tent. All right. That was incredibly odd. He knew he'd been with Robert last night at the New Year's Eve Party, the one for all the officers and \"uppity-ups\" of the near-by military establishments. His face twitched even at the memory of all the faux-smiling he'd had to slap on, solely for appearance's sake..well, also for Robert's sake. He'd wanted to please his Colonel. He smirked to himself. Oh if only Robert knew... He breathed a small laugh at the mental image of how Robert would flush if he only knew an iota of the thoughts in his friend's mind. He would be /most/ accosted, and would attempt to persuade Cabot of all the reasons why their interaction would not be a prudent choice, and the Major knew he would be able to persuade his Colonel through certain means that he knew he possessed, he smiled a little to himself. That image was actually startlingly clear. He could picture exactly how the exchange would go, and could nearly hear, verbatim, what Robert would say... Panic set in hard and fast in Cabot's chest. Why couldn't he remember what happened last night? Somehow he'd ended up in Robert's tent, in Robert's bed! Cabot sprung to his booted-feet, all previous feelings of languor vanished, except for a lingering sense of dizziness as his head attempted to readjust to the sudden change in altitude. Oh God...Cabot's palm flew to the side of his face and his eyes screwed shut again, this time in a furious storm of emotions. Please God, do not have let him...He could not even bear the thought. He attempted to convince himself that, drunk or sober, there was no way he would admit his true feelings to his friend. Surely he had a better sense of self-preservation than that? With another groan, he had a sudden image flash across his eyelids of himself wading into a swamp, bare from the waist up, a wine bottle held above his head as he sang something that he thinks he might've believed was Italian?..in the middle of the night. Then again, maybe he was more a self-endangering drunk than he had previous thought. Because, there was nothing more self-endangering than admitting to your same-gender friend, that is a superior officer to yourself, that you have feelings- hopefully that was all he said?—for them. That would be, essentially, signing his own death warrant. He swallowed heavily. He began to collect himself. That was only the worst-case scenario. Best case? He had crashed onto Robert's bed and the other man was simply too exasperated with his inebriated friend to move him. That was a much more likely occurrence. It was only his slightly-paranoid side that had forced him to instantly jump to the wrong conclusion. Forbes smiled, he would certainly be fine. He looked at the clock on Robert's desk. Well, not fine because he had missed Roll Call and Robert would have his hide, but, he would be all right for the most part. Forbes sighed in relief and pulled his uniform jacket down and attempted to smooth the wrinkles out of it with his palms, by running them down his sides as best he could. He winced, realizing it was a lost cause, and merely ran his fingers through his disastrous hair before he pivoted, once again to his equilibrium's discontent, and strode towards the flap of the tent. He reached forward to move the fabric and it revealed the stature of the very cause of his poor, already-exhausted brain's turmoil. \"Ah..M-Major Forbes,\" the hesitation was evident in the Colonel's voice, as was the blush that quickly spread across his face, \"I'm glad to see that you're up and about. You missed Roll Call..again.\" As Robert spoke, his voice changed from the bashful tone Forbes would swear he'd heard at first, to his commanding, 'I'm-in-charge-listen-to-me' voice. Forbes' face transformed into its usual devil-may-care expression and his customary smirk fell into place. \"My apologies Colonel, I seem to have missed the morning wake-up call, as I was not in my normal sleeping arrangement.\" The blush on Robert's face seemed to deepen, and Cabot hoped that it was merely because of the half-hearted innuendo, not because of whatever had happened—He cut that thought off before it had a chance to run wild again. \"Yes, that happens when you consume more alcohol than is prudent for someone who must be up with the sun,\" Robert responded easily, never seeming to miss a beat. Forbes conceded that point with a nod of his head and another upturn of his lips. \"Of course my dear Colonel, I shall refrain from drinking ever again, cross my heart!\" He traced a small 'X' over the left side of his chest. Robert, seeming to start a little at the preamble added before his rank, cracked his ramrod straight expression and adopted a smile of his own, shaking his head. \"I would not say that Major, as I do not fancy losing one of my best officers to a premature heart attack,\" he quipped. Forbes laughed and shook his head, \"Ah, I must say that you would, most unfortunately, but more than likely, be correct.\" The Major extended his hand in a grand mock-bow gesture and smiled, \"I bid the adieu, Colonel, parting is such sweet sorrow,\" he grinned before disappearing out of the tent. Robert nodded before walking into his tent and collapsing into his desk chair, his hand flying to his forehead. Perhaps...just perhaps the Major hadn't remembered a thing from last night..He felt relief course through him at the possibility. It would be so much easier if he could forget it as well, then they could just pretend it never happened. So..why did he feel a stubborn niggling of regret in the back of his mind at that thought? Robert groaned, this was going to be much more complicated than he thought... Review...? ","Summary":" A/N : Yes it's been done(to death), but see, I don't care. ;) I like the idea of this prompt, and s"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Darcy Shaw","Author":"gabrador","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8925481","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello! :) This is my 2nd fic on , I hope any/all history nuts out there enjoy this small story that turned out to be more than I expected. This is purely based off of the movie \"Glory\". Im not sure that Robert had a daughter in real life, but lets say he did. Im just experimenting, here, not changing history in any way. Glory does not belong to me, neither does Shaw (not while I'm awake, anyways). As always, reviews are greatly appreciated. Anyways, enjoy! :D Most stories start with a thought. Well, some do. My first thought, in all honesty that morning, was blue. Blue could mean a lot of things, right? It could be the color of the sky. It could by the color of my pillow. It could be the color of my gown, or the dress I was to wear that day. But in the back of my mind, i knew that 'blue' was really the color of Dad's uniform. And Dad would be leaving today. It was morning when the word sparked in my already occupied mind. I had tried to get sleep, because it was early. The sun was hardly above the Massachusetts land that surrounded my house. But 'blue' kept bugging me. I gripped my sheets tight. \"Darcy,\" I heard a call. I didn't move, because I didn't want to. I didn't want time to go on. I wanted Dad to stay. It was 1861. I was 12. Maybe i threw a fit the night before, and maybe Dad had to come in and comfort me as i cried. Maybe he had to calm me down, tell me it was all going to be okay, he would be okay, and everything would be alright. Maybe I fell asleep crying, feeling his hand smooth my hair back softly. The house maid knocked on my door. \"Darcy, dear? Come out, sweetheart.\" She cooed gently. I still didn't move. The doorknob jiggled, and the hinges of the door creaked as it opened. \"Dear? Whats wrong?\" She asked me. \"Nothing.\" I replied flatly. \"Your mother would like you downstairs.\" she pressed. I let a heartbeat pass before replying, \"Thank you. I'll be down.\" She nodded and closed the door. I felt alone, yet again. I sat up, hearing the soft crinkle of the sheets around me. I sighed and ran my hand over them. They were soft and cool, warm from my presence. I swung my legs over the edge of the bed, and looked down at my light blue night-gown. I got up. I didn't want to, but I did. I made my way to the door, reaching out to grab the doorknob, when I heard talking. \"She'll miss you.\" my mother's hoarse voice was unmistakable. \"I know.\" came the quiet reply of my father. \"She should be awake, now.\" \"Really? Its early. She should get her rest.\" I pursed my lips. Maybe I should have stayed in bed. Maybe I shouldn't have gotten up. Maybe I should wait until my Dad left, and comfort my mother while she cried. I swallowed hard. Against my own opinion, i opened the door quietly. The conversation continued, indicating that they hadn't heard me yet. I quietly tip-toed down the hall, the soft sound of my feet on the floor not nearly loud enough for anyone to hear. I made my way to the stair case, and sat at the top, gripping the rail. \"She was crying last night, Annie.\" My father said, and I couldn't help but notice the concern in his voice. \"I know, I heard her from our bedroom.\" My mother said, just as grim. I felt my stomach tighten with embarrassment and regret. I peeked out from behind a bar on the stair case and saw my mother, tying the red waistband on my father's torso. He stood there, his arms out to grant her ease. I realized how different my mother and I looked. She had gorgeous, curly auburn locks and grey eyes, with a thin, elegant frame. I looked more like my Dad- medium size, stocky, but fit. I had his dark brown hair and thoughtful eyes to match. But my eyes were reckless and playful, while his were soft and patient. \"Darcy?\" I was jerked back into reality, my parents staring at me. They had both stopped what they were doing, my mother giving me a rather stern look while my father seemed shocked and almost worried. \"Darcy Elizabeth Shaw, how long have you been there?\" My mother's tone was softer than her gaze. I stood and cleared my throat. \"Not long.\" I answered. My gaze settled on Dad. I was so proud to see him like that, with his waistcoat over his stark white shirt. It tore me up on the inside. \"Darcy,\" Dad sounded weary. I couldn't take it anymore, not with him looking at me like that. Bolting down the stairs as fast as I could, i met him at the base. I jumped and hooked my arms around his neck, clinging to him, not wanting to ever let go. He had me in a warm embrace, and it felt good. \"Dad,\" I choked out a sob. \"Dad, don't leave.\" He stroked my hair. I felt tears drip from my face, and I let another sob rack my frame. He finally pulled back, keeping his hands in my shoulders at arm's length. He looked at me in the eyes, and I was ashamed that I couldn't help my relentless crying. The words he said to me then are still fresh in my mind. He looked at me square in the eyes- didn't move, only stared. \"Darcy, whatever happens, if all else is lost, be strong. For me, Darcy.\" I wondered how his voice could be so level and calm. I nodded, still crying. He wiped the tears from under my eyes with his thumb, and pulled me close to him. I wrapped my arms around his waist, and felt his fingers card through my brown hair gently. Strong. I would be strong, for my dad, for his sacrifice. I could be strong.[Chapter 2] Hello again! I apologize with all my heart for my unexpected hiatus, I've just been so busy and hadn't had the time to continue this story, unfortunately :( Thanks so very much for all the kind reviews you all sent me, they go truly appreciated and taken to heart. Again, thank you guys so much, you're all so kind. It has also been brought to my attention that the age calculations are a bit off (okay, VERY off haha) and I sincerely apologize for any and all inaccuracies and mistakes! Don't hesitate to drop me a line if you notice any discrepancies within my work, hopefully they are minor enough to be swept under the carpet until I can figure them out ^^; Thanks so much you guys, and enjoy! Xx It had been but one week after my father left. One whole week. Seven days I woke to the awaiting sun alone, seven days I lay down in my tear-stained pillows without his reassuring presence. If my father wrote to me (I'm sure he did– the man never went two days without writing a letter, whether it be a note or a message or even a mere musing) I hadn't received it. A small part of my mind knew that the mail must have just been late because of the ceaseless rain the past three days, but a whole other part of me was anxious for word from my father. Did he make it safely? What were the extent of his complications? It was a never-ending cycle of worry and torment, waiting outside in the grass for the mail to arrive. Detached, isolated, and unfeeling. I felt hollow, and I felt alone. \"Darcy?\" I looked up from my dinner plate, alarmed. \"Yes?\" My mother's imploring eyes searched my face briefly. I swallowed nervously and touched my immaculate napkin to the corner of my mouth, trying to give my hands any task that would keep them busy. Finally, my mother spoke. \"How are you feeling?\" I pursed my lips and cleared my throat. The air suddenly felt try and too warm for my taste. I glanced at the clock near the door, just to distract my gaze. \"I'm doing well.\" There was a silence that followed that made me uncomfortable. It wasn't that I didn't want to talk to my mother, or that I didn't enjoy our chats– I just knew where this conversation was heading. She nodded and moved aside some food on her plate. There was an absence present at the table that I wasn't familiar with, and after a week, it felt as though that missing hole had expanded into a ditch that had consumed our interest. It was my father's seat, beside my mother and I. Looking at it made my stomach turn. I felt a cold resolution consume me, and my chest suddenly felt too tight. I stood up abruptly, the chair's screeching noise chewing on my nerves. I dropped my napkin, vaguely aware of how tight and awkward my words sounded in my mouth. \"I have to go. Excuse me.\" With no explanation as to where or why I had turned in that instant, I ran away. Away from my mother, away from that empty chair, away from the void that had somehow found itself wedged between my heart and my mind. I had been outside for an hour. White clouds rolled in from the north, casting gray shadows upon the large fields outside of the house. I pulled at the grass absently, letting the little green blades break between my fingers. I rested my gaze upon the ground, sitting in the silence that overcame me. It's a very silly thing to stop your thoughts and isolate yourself. I often talked loudly and laughed too much, comfortable with the noise of people around me and of their own happiness. So often was I surrounded by friends and family, I had only moments in between long conversations to catch my breath. Without my father around, it seemed like I had too much time to think and to contemplate. I read every book I owned two times over, and also began to pick at my father's library of Emerson and Thoreau. But nothing satisfied my hunger still, and I yearned for the comfort of my own dad. Through the silence and the sound of a fleeting storm, I heard a pair of boots crunching the fresh grass behind me. A shadow fell over me, tall and lean, and it spoke with an English lilt. \"Well, well. If it isn't the girl herself, Darcy Shaw.\" I turned around and felt a smile tug at my lips. Standing over me was Will, the neighboring stable hand at the Smith's residence. \"William Carter– it is an honest pleasure.\" I felt a warm radiance in my chest that swelled into genuine happiness. The overbearing heaviness of my father's leave felt lifted from my shoulders, scared away by my friend's presence. He smiled at me and bowed with one sweeping motion. I stood and brushed the grass off of my dress, suppressing a chuckle. \"If I do say so myself, Miss Shaw.\" \"Oh, please.\" I threw my fistful of grass at the boy, the yellow and rich green color mingling with his sandy blond hair. He stood and shook it out, laughing. \"I know you're excited, but I do think there are supposed to be flowers attached to that grass if you were truly happy to see me.\" His smile became radiant as he looked at me. I held back a smile of my own, granting him the pleasure of the moment. \"What are you doing way out here?\" I ask, looking around for one of the Smith's horses. \"Has a horse gotten loose? A dog?\" Will shook his head. \"Not at all. All the horses are accounted for.\" He studied me carefully, in the same manner that my mother had. I felt my heart sink. \"I actually came out here to see you.\" \"Me?\" I asked, trying my best to make my voice sound unwavering and solid. I felt my face grow cold and looked to the ground, adverting my gaze to my boots as I kicked at the grass. \"You don't say. I haven't any clue as to why you would come all the way down here to see–\" \"Darcy.\" Will's voice was soft. \"Be serious.\" I looked up at him, appalled. \"I am quite serious.\" A moment of silence passed between us. His brown eyes were gentle as he looked at me. \"How are you holding up?\" I felt sick. WIthout warning, I felt my hands starting to shake. I brought them together to keep them from giving away how scared I was, how vulnerable I felt. \"Well.\" I said, my voice coming out sounding rushed. \"I am doing very well. Quite good, actually. I feel very...\" \"Abandoned?\" \"No!\" I snapped, far too harshly. Will raised an eyebrow at me, apprehensive. I tried to compose myself, but failed miserably. \"I'm...\" I'm empty. I'm gutted. I'm lost. I'm hopeless. I'm weak. I fell to the ground, shaking, sobbing, hiding my face in my hands and letting everything go. I herd my desperate sobs reverberate in my head, sounding very loud and very unladylike. I never was a quiet cryer, always the loud, ugly ball of emotions that I felt coagulated with all the dignity I had left. I was raw and open there, kneeling on the damp grass outside my house with the local stablehand crouching beside me and trying his best to console me. Will's hand smoothed my hair and rubbed my back gently, delicately holding me close as if he might shatter my already broken frame. Minutes passed before I could compose myself in a very weak, undignified manner. I truly felt empty and hollow then, an embarrassing mess and a pitiful display of company for my poor friend. He didn't seem to mind, and looked at me in concern. \"Feel better?\" He asked me. I wiped my eyes and pushed stray strands of hair out of my face, nodding. \"Yeah.\" My voice was weak, but felt stronger. \"Better.\" ","Summary":" Hello! :) This is my 2nd fic on , I hope any/all history nuts out there enjoy this small story that"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Charlie's Story","Author":"pineapple138","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7027610","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay so first I love Cary Elwes and Matthew Broderick. I also love the movie Glory, that's why I'm writing this story, so yea! Enjoy. Disclaimer: I do not own glory or any of the characters, only Charlie, I wish I owned Robert or Forbes though ;D. A/N: This is my first story so it's probably not very good so don't hate! But I wouldn't blame you if you don't like it. Sooo anyway this story is about a girl named Charlie (charlotte) who gets taken back in time to the civil war during the time of Robert Shaw. I know it's kind of cliché but I was bored. \"Charlotte Gray!\" the loud annoying voice of my history teacher filled the room. I groaned what the hell could she possibly want now, \"Pay attention to the movie if you want to even go to college next year,\" she whispered harshly in my face. I rolled my eyes and ignored her; I knew everyone in the room was trying not to laugh at me. It was a normal thing for me, to get in trouble with teachers, they would yell at me, I would yell back, and eventually I would get sent to the principal's office. This time I knew I couldn't win the argument. As she walked away I felt myself drifting off to sleep and I didn't even try to stop it. It seemed like only a minute later when I felt myself being shaken awake and was dreading the headache I was going to have after being yelled at by my teacher and my parents. Instead of seeing the old mean face of my teacher I woke up lying on a couch in the middle of an old dusty room. I sat up and looked down and noticed I was wearing a bright pink and lacy dress. I glared at the dress I was wearing and stood up and tripped on the heels I was wearing. Now I am NOT a coordinated person at all so the whole outfit was not working out for me so I was praying that I would make it down the huge stair case outside the door without falling. When I was safely on the floor and looked around. I saw a bunch of women in fancy dresses and men in blue army uniforms. This room looks so familiar, I thought to myself. I stood there for a while when I felt a hand on my back. \"Enjoying yourself?\" a boy about two years older than me asked. \"Who are you? Where am I? why-\" the boy just smiled at me and shook his head. \"Just let me explain, my name is Jason, you're in Robert Gould Shaw's house in the year 1861.\" He explained it to me calmly like nothing was wrong at all. \"What the hell do you mean 1861? What happened to being in 2011?\" I growled at him. Some of the women around us turned around and shook their annoying stuck up little heads at my 'bad' language. I glared at them and they apparently got the message that I was pissed off and walked away slowly in their stupid dresses. I don't know how long after that I just stood there glaring at Jason before he laughed at me. \"I know how much you hate history so I thought you might appreciate it more if I brought you back to the civil war to see how important it really is.\" He was smiling as he guided me through the large house. I looked around for a second \"Great, I've seen how important is, very interesting now get me out of here\" I said through clenched teeth. \"Nope, sorry I can't do that, but here take this it has everything you need, but make sure you don't look at it until you're alone, good luck Charlotte.\" With that he handed me a beat up old brown bag and walked away. \"It's Charlie!\" I called after him, I hated my real name it was way too girly for me. I was deep in thought when everyone suddenly got quiet. I saw a young man, a little older than me walking down the staircase. As he was walking by I knew it had to be Robert Shaw but the whole time I was thinking 'dude! It's Ferris Bueller!' Another man joined him, I noticed it was Forbes, Robert's best friend; he was walking around with a bottle of wine in one hand and talking to stuck up girls. \"He's 23 right now, he only has two more years, we want you to try and stop him from being killed, so I signed you up to be the doctor for the 54th regiment.\" Jason said coming up behind me out of nowhere. He said the last part a little quieter than the rest, afraid of how I would react. I thought about it for a second, I mean was it really that bad for me, an 18 year old girl, to be stuck in the 1800's with Robert Shaw and his cute best friend? I walked outside; I was really wishing I had some shorts to change into right now no matter how weird I looked. I stood there for a bit when I heard footsteps behind me. First I thought it was Jason but when I turned around I saw Forbes and Robert coming towards me. \"Hello miss I don't believe I've seen you before.\" Robert said with a kind smile on his face. \"Hi, my name is Charlotte.\" I paused for a second \"But call me Charlie\" I added quickly. \"Well it's nice to meet you Charlie.\" We all stood there for a couple seconds in awkward silence just looking around before Robert walked away to lean on the fence. Forbes just stood there staring at me with a smirk on his face; his blue eyes looked like an ocean. \"Would you like to dance?\" Glad someone finally broke the silence I agreed and we walked arm in arm to the dance floor. Okay now as you know I am not that coordinated but I can dance, but not in heels. I was stepping on Forbes' feet the whole time and I could hear him wincing when I did but he just kept smiling at me when I looked up and I was so glad that he wasn't mad. I looked into his blue eyes and I felt like I could dance with him forever. Ok so that was the first chapter! I know it's probably not very good but if you review then I promise I will make the other chapters better and with more dialogue. Thanks! Review I want to know what you think and if you want me to keep going. :D[Chapter 2] Okay here's chapter 2, I know I updated really fast but I'm sick so I have nothing to do :) AnimeGirl11220: Thanks for being the first to review lol. Hope you like this chapter :D Otose: Thanks! I'll definitely ask for help because I don't want Robert or Forbes or anyone else to seem OC. I also don't want it to seem boring. Thanks again :D I stood there quietly waiting for the right moment for them to announce that they need a doctor to help them in the regiment so I could sign up like Jason said I had to do. I don't know how Jason expects me to pass as a doctor, I mean yea I want to be a doctor but it's not like I know how to actually help people yet! I saw Robert's dad lean over and whisper something in his ear. \"Oh, yes, were going to need a doctor to come with us to the regiment.\" He announced looking through the crowd. \"Umm I think I can help.\" I said as I raised my hand slowly. \"Miss Charlotte, are you sure that you want to go to war? Women don't normally go.\" He looked doubtfully at me. \"Yes. I'm sure.\" I replied confidently. I saw Forbes smiling at me from next to Robert. After a while the large group of black soldiers was dismissed, we were all leaving tomorrow to walk to the regiment. Forbes looked at me before he left and winked. I had a huge grin on my face when I walked back to my 'hotel' room. \"What's up with you?\" Jason chuckled when I walked in. \"Nothing you need to know.\" I snapped at him, maybe that wasn't really necessary but you know what, he was bugging me. \"Ok, geez.\" He laughed with his hands up defensively. \"I just came to give you these; you probably don't want to be wearing a big dress all the time.\" I took the large bag from him and took out the clothes. There were at least 5 pairs of jeans, a black t-shirt, and one of those army jackets that the men wear. In another bag there were 3 pairs of dark purple converse, my favorite color. \"Oh, and I thought you might like to have one of these.\" He smiled as he put the blue kepi on my curly black hair. \"Well, that should be all you need for now.\" We stood there for a moment while he thought when he said \"You can call me or text me anytime you need to on the phone I gave you in the bag yesterday.\" Jason started to walk away when I grabbed his arm. \"Wait, where are you going to be?\" I was curious to where he goes it's not like he's from this time. \"Nowhere you need to know…..Charlotte.\" he smirked. \"Charlie!\" I growled. But when I looked up he was gone. And I was alone once again in my room. I woke up the next day to sunlight streaming through the windows near my bed. I groaned and slowly crawled out of my warm bed. After 20min I was finally ready in my jeans, converse, and jacket. I grabbed my bags and kepi as I walked out into the hallway. When I got outside I squinted at the sun glaring in my face, but I could see Forbes waiting for me with an extra horse so I didn't have to walk to the regiment. Thank God I thought. Forbes said hello and looked curiously down at my 'strange' shoes, but he got over it fast and moved on. \"Ready to go?\" his bright eyes looked happily down at me and I nodded my head fast, still half asleep. He helped me on my horse which was VERY tall, big, black, and mean looking. Obviously it took me a while because the horse didn't want me on it, when I finally did we rode over to the rest of the group. \"Hello Robby.\" Forbes greeted Robert playfully with a grin on his face. \"Major Forbes, Miss Charlotte.\" Robert replied with a short nod to each of us. Forbes' grin vanished from his face but he got over it quickly as a man walked up to us. \"Ahh, Charlie.\" Forbes said happily and turned to me. \"This is Charlie Morse, a good friend of mine and Robert's.\" \"Hi, I'm Charlotte Gray, but you can call me Charlie.\" I thought for a second. \"Wow that's not going to be confusing.\" I muttered sarcastically, mostly to myself but they heard me. Forbes chuckled \"This is going to be fun.\" He smirked. The three of us talked for a while and I knew then that we would all be good friends. Well that was chapter three hoped you guys liked it! I'll try to update soon sorry it was so short. Review I want to know what you think. ","Summary":" Okay so first I love Cary Elwes and Matthew Broderick. I also love the movie Glory, that's why I'm "},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Chapter One: Beautiful Cravings","Author":"LittleLovelyLove1995","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7546013","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One My name is Maebilynn Yorktin, and I am a true southern woman, born and raised in beautiful Massachusetts. I am a young woman of twenty-two, with no husband, and I got no babies to raise and care for. My life has always been about three things: pleasing my Mama, kissing up to my daddy, and above all else, looking pretty. Lord, I need to look pretty. Why? 'Cause I can't go one day without Mama tellin' me I need a man. \"Maebilynn,\" she say. \"Why don't I have no grand-babies? You are twenty-two years old, beautiful, and strong. But baby, you could be stronger and even more beautiful if you had a strong and handesome man to take care of you.\" I get tired of hearin' her say this, but she my Mama, and I love her. She just wants what's best for me. I have a sister. Her name is Abigial, which is much more pretty than my silly ol' name. She has beautiful curly red hair, which she always tries to hide behind a ribbon or a silly ol' hat. Her eyes are the color of deep blue water. Lord, she hates them eyes of hers. She always tell me she wants my 'murky green' ones. My eyes are ugly, along with the rest of my face. But Abby? Oh, Lord, Abby the prettiest girl I ever seen. When she smiles, it's like the world smiles with her. Mama look just like Abby, but her hair is just a little bit lighter than hers. She also has an older face, always scrunchin' it up when she see or hear somethin' she don't like. Mama is a true woman of the south. I envy her for it. Daddy is so handesome, and he a good man too. I only ever seen him hit Mama once, and that was a long time ago. Way before we got our maid, Constantine. Now when daddy mad, he just go on and hit Constatine instead of hittin' Mama. Makes Mama feel so much better, but I feel bad for Constantine. Sometimes, she come to work with big ol' bruises on her arms and legs. Constantine is an ol' lady. She have big cheek bones and big, brown eyes. In a way, she beautiful. She raised me. She why I talk so well, why I dress like a real lady, and why I know how to eat properly. When mama was never around, she always fed me, bathed me, and dressed me. She even taught me how to talk to a man, but Mama say I should never listen to her. Mama say that everything Constantine says is just 'black talk'. See, I don't believe we should be havin' all these prejudices, but everyone has em', so I guess they are normal. \"Maebi,\" Mama say. \"Please, find a man. A man who will treat you right, love you, care for you, and above all, make sure he can give me some grand-babies.\" This is what Mama say to me on Sunday. She brings this up all the time, like she thinks I can just make a man appear next to me, with the snap of my fingers. It getting on my nerves. \"I know, Mama,\" I say. I don't wanna disappoint my Mama. \"I promise.\" When I say this, she smile and act as if she never mentioned anythin', goin' right back to her knitting. I sigh, and she look up at me through her ugly glasses. I don't know what to say, so I just shrug. That when Daddy walks in, looking around. \"Where in the hell is Constantine?\" He say. He look real mad, which is why I don't answer. I don't want to get Constantine in trouble. So I just sit there, looking down at the bonnett Mama sewed for me. \"Constantine? I just saw her go outside, probably to hang up Abby's shirts,\" Mama say, looking up from her needle. \"Why? What's wrong?\" Daddy look angrier than a bee after someone go up and stole it's honey. \"She was supposed to clean my shirts, but she didn't. Now I have to wear the real ugly lookin' shirts for the dance tonight.\" \"What dance?\" I whisper. I don't wanna get Daddy even angrier. So I whisper. Abby comes in, wearing her new dress Mama sewed for her. She twirlin' and laughin'. \"What are you all excited about?\" I ask. She look at me and her smile disappear. \"Well, I gonna find me a man, tonight. I plan on meetin' some of the military men, and I just know that one of em' will want to take me home.\" She twirl some more, and smile. Mama's face light up, 'cause she thinkin' that Abby really will get a man. Maybe she will. \"What dance?\" I ask louder. Daddy looks at me like I crazy. Mama goes back to her needle. Abby look at me and shake her head, her curls bouncin' around her head. \"What dance?\" She ask, mocking me. \"The dance Daddy got invited to. He gonna be crowned an honorable military officer. A high rankin' one. He asked Mama to be his date, and you and I are goin' for support.\" I look at Daddy, and his face suddenly light up like the president is talkin' 'bout him. But I bet Lincoln don't even know his name. LATER THAT NIGHT I decided to wear the really pretty purple dress Mama made for me a few years back. It still fits, and I haven't worn it since she made it, afriad I'll ruin it. Mama looks proud of me for wearin' it. Abby done did my hair into a bun on the top of my head. She also let me borrow her prized pearl necklace, which she said she's only lettin' me wear because it completes my dress. I got to admit, it does look pretty. The dance was so lovely. I walk in and was greeted by a dashing man in uniform. He take my hand, kiss it respectively, and walk me in. I smile, of course, not wanting to be rude. We are escorted to a table, reserved only for us. Abby and I look at eachother, and we both know that this is the most important and fancy thing we'll probably ever see. Mama looks at Daddy like he the most handesome and strong man she ever see, and I know she still love him just as much as the day they met. I know when I find a man, I will love him just as much as Mama love Daddy. There is beautiful music playin'. It seems as though every woman is here with their man, and I suddenly feel a slight pang knowin' I don't have one. I look to Abby,to see if she feels the same, but I know she doesn't because she has caught the eye of a very handesome man sittin' at the table next to us. He in uniform too, and with the way he smilin' at her, I can tell he's only got eyes for her right now. Then the music is stopped, and the crowd becomes silent. We all look toward the stage, where a man who I have never seen before, is smilin' down at the audience. \"Hello, and welcome to the first annual Congregation Ball. I would like to thank ya'll for comin'. You all look lovely.\" His smile is genuine, and his dimples are deep. \"First off, I would like to call up some men who I have had the pleasure of meetin', and workin' with. Sir Hensworth? Please come onto the stage. Sir Taylors? Sir Yorktin?\" When he say my Daddy name, I want to cheer and clap, but I know it would be impolite. So I sit, and watch as Daddy gets up and walks up to the stage. He shakes hands with the man, and stands in line next to the others. I look at Mama, who about to cry. \"And last but certainly not least, Colonol Shaw,\" the man says, and looks to the man that is now comin' out from behind the curtain. This man, Colonel Shaw, shakes hands with the other man, and the other men on stage, includin' Daddy, all salute. Shaw salutes right back, and the rest of the men sit in the chairs previded to them. Colonel Shaw turns to look at the audience, and everyone stare right back at him, focusing all their attention on him. I do the same. \"Hello, and thank you all for coming. My name is Robert Shaw, and I will be your host for this evening,\" he say. As this man talk, I just look at him. His voice ain't as deep as I thought it would be, and his face is bright. He is the most handsome man I ever saw, and I blush at the thought. His eyes are the color of a lovely green forest, and his mouth is shaped perfectly for the words he spoke. For some reason, the only thing I could think was, I'm gonna marry that man.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two \"This night is sparkling, don't you let it go, I'm wonderstruck, blushing all the way home…I was Enchanted to meet you…\" Taylor Swift, Enchanted. After the dance, Daddy meet up with some of his friends. They was all nice, but not nearly as handsome as Mr. Shaw. Abby talkin' to the man she was lookin' at before the dance started, her hands on her skirts and she laughin' and twirlin' slightly. She flirtin'. She got him snagged like a fish on a hook, because he smilin' right back, a true smile, not like they do when they don't likes you. Mama with Daddy, holdin' his arm and curtsyin' to all the men. They all smile, take her hand, and kiss it. I left standin' alone, lookin' around at all the beautiful lookin' people. Beautiful women are talkin' to other beautiful women, and handsome men are talkin' to other handsome men. They all smilin' like they best friends. \"Are you here alone?\" Someone I never heard before except once asks me from behind. I quickly pick up my skirts, turn, and curtsy. I so quickly to do this, I don't even know who it is. Except that I do. \"I am, Sir,\" I quickly answer. I don't want him thinkin' I all alone. \"My Mama and Daddy are over there.\" I point to where they is talkin' to a man in a dashin' blue uniform. I can't help but stare into his eyes, and get lost in that beautiful green forest again. His eyes meet mine, and I quickly glance away. \"You mustn't need to address me as Sir. That's quite alright,\" Mr. Shaw say. \"You may call me Robert.\" He take my hand, gently as ever—his hands are so soft and warm—and kisses it. I blink, unsure of what to say. That when Daddy come in. \"Oh, Colonel, you've met my beautiful daughter, I see,\" Daddy say. Colonel Shaw nod. \"This is my wife, Rebecca. Our lovely Abigail is somewhere around here.\" He look to Mama. \"Where is Abigail?\" Mama look to Shaw and smile. \"Oh, she's probably off somewhere meeting new friends, darling. Let her be,\" Mama say. \"Besides, we're talking to Robert right now.\" \"Oh, it's quite alright, ma'am.\" Robert say. He then look at me. \"I'm sorry, I never did catch your name.\" He smile, and his face brightens up. I quick as a whistle to respond. \"My name is Maebilynn,\" I say. We stare at each other a second more, and I don't know what to say so I look at the floor. I blushin', I can tell. Abby walk up, shockingly without the man she was talkin' to earlier. \"Oh, she's not that important,\" she say. \"My name is Abigail Yorktin,\" she hold out her hand. He respectively take it and kiss it. She doin' this on purpose. I get jealous. I never felt jealous before. Now I know how it feel. I clear my throat softly. \"Oh, come now, Maebilynn. No need to be disrespectful,\" Mama say. She look to Robert. \"I'm so sorry. It seems as though only one of my daughters has respect.\" She try to pretend it never happened. I get embarrassed now. \"Oh, that's quite alright. I don't mind,\" Robert say, and smile at me. I smile back, just with the corners of my lips. I am so embarrassed, I feel like I gonna cry. \"Robert, my beautiful daughter has no man to call her own,\" Daddy say, and my heart pick up when I realize he talkin' 'bout me. \"Abigail is a great cook, and even better at sewing.\" My heart sink back down to the bottom when I realize Daddy talkin' 'bout Abby. Daddy don't even wanna talk about me with his friends, especially Robert. I feel sad, and tears prick my eyes. I look down to hide the pain as it pierces my heart. \"Oh, and Maebilynn has a husband?\" Robert ask. I look back up, and meet his eyes. I about to say somethin', but Mama cut in. \"She doesn't have one, but she is looking. She doesn't want a military man,\" she smile. I cannot believe Mama say this. I never said this. \"Oh, I see. And why is this?\" This time, Robert ask me deliberately, and Mama and Daddy don't answer. I do somethin' I never do. \"I-I never…\" I stutter. \"It's not that I don't want one, but—\" Mama cut me off. \"But she's just not ready, right, Sweetheart?\" Mama give me that look that say Just say yes. I nod, even though I know I regret it later. Truth is, I wanna be with Robert. \"Oh,\" Robert say. Tears prick my eyes again, and I just wanna scream. I try to tell him with my eyes otherwise, but he ain't lookin'. \"Well, if you'll excuse me, I must go attend to my other guests,\" he say, and bow. Mama, Abby, and I curtsy, and Daddy salute him. Robert salute back and walk away. Daddy turn to glare at me. \"You will not be toying with the Colonel,\" he say. \"He doesn't need a woman who doesn't know of the world yet, let alone want one. Your sister knows much more of the world, and of men. Just leave him to Abigail.\" The look in Daddy's eye say he ain't kiddin'. \"But Daddy—\" He stop me. \"No. Just no, Maebilynn.\" I know I in trouble when Daddy say my full name. Usually he call me Mae. I try not to cry in front of Daddy. You never do that. Ever. But I do anyway. I bundle up my skirts and quickly stumble outside. I get stared at from people all around, but I ignore em'. Tears stream down my face, and I wipe them away. My chest hurt so bad, it feel like someone went up and stabbed me. I clutch my chest, wipe away the tears that stream down my face and chin, grab my skirts to walk back inside, and turn, only to bump into someone. \"Maebilynn, are you alright?\" It Robert. I flush and wipe my face quickly and nonchalantly. He see through it. \"What happened? Are you hurt?\" He look panicked. I shake my head quickly and curtsy. \"I'm fine, thank you. If you'll excuse me, I have to get back to my Daddy.\" As I walk past, he softly grab my elbow and stop me. I look back at him and realize he see right through me and my lies. \"Tell me,\" he whisper. \"Was it true—what your parents said in there?\" He look into my eyes. I can't lie to him. I get caught if I do. I shake my head, but do not say anythin', afraid that if I do, I will break down. He smile slightly. \"Oh, good,\" he say, and when I look at him, I see somethin' I did not see earlier. \"Maebilynn, I would very much like it if you would court me at tomorrow night's ball.\" I understand, but do not know what to say. I too shocked. \"You want me to be your lady escort?\" I lookin' at him in awe. He just ask me. Me , of all beautiful women at this ball. My only question is Why? \"Yes.\" He say simply, like it the most obvious thing he say all night. So I just say yes in response. Okay, that was chapter two(: Just keep in mind that this is set back in the Civil War era so they don't have the best grammer. Oh, and the Taylor Swift song goes along with the chapter. I decided to make my story unique, I'm going to write a song with some lyrics for every chapter that goes along with that chapter(: Enchanted by Taylor Swift is the song. Look it up, it works! Haha, so anyway, please read and review(: Thanks! 3 ","Summary":" Chapter One My name is Maebilynn Yorktin, and I am a true southern woman, born and raised in beauti"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Drumming Song","Author":"Pandison","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7243262","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The first thing I remember that evening had to be the fringe. The delicate fringe that lined each pillow I had been sleeping on. It was soft and long, as I began to awake from my sleepmy fingers and mind etched the strings. Pulling, and touching, my partially conscious mind, my better half finding the feeling bizarre and unfamiliar. My eyes slowly opened; slightly dazed, I sat up and examined the space I had been in. Everything looked, quite frankly - old. There is simply no other adjective to describe the room's décor. I panicked, as would anyone else waking up on a bed, let alone in a bedroom not theirs. Multiple scenarios soon flooded my mind all at once, beginning with kidnapped and ending with murdered. From what I could see, I was certainly not in clothing anywhere close to my century. Why would I be kidnapped and wearing something from, from – well I wasn't quite sure what era I was dressed in. It made no sense unless my captor had a very weird fetish, and then in that case I was screwed. I glanced around and noticed there were no lights. No lamps, no switches on the walls, nothing. I pushed myself towards the edge of the bed, swinging my legs over and slowly standing up. Before I could even walk forward my eyes focused on my reflection. In front of me was a vintage vanity table, off white and carved delicately. I had to admit it was beautiful and very expensive looking. Though all thoughts aside, I ran towards the mirror and examined myself. My hair had been put up in a bun, slightly ruined by my sleeping. I leaned forward and touched my face, I wasn't wearing any makeup from what I could tell. My skin looked fresh and foundation-less. I cringed and touched the few pimples on my forehead. Although my skin did look a few shades lighter, I immediately frowned. Rubbing my check, I noticed the white powder on my fingers. \"What the hell…\" I mumbled quietly, I was done. I needed an answer now, someone, anyone to explain this to me, what was going on. Annoyed and angry, I marched towards the door – I stopped. If I was going to be leaving the room I should bring something as a weapon, you know just in case I needed it. I turned around and observed the room thoroughly. I sighed and walked towards the fireplace. Blowing out the candle on the ledge, I hastily tore it off and through it aside. Grabbing the metal holder, I took in a deep breath and walked towards the door. Before my fingers could even graze the handle, the door flung open. I gasped, dropping the candle holder in the process. \"Miss Ambrossio! What are doing in here?\" The women huffed and grabbed my arm. I jumped at the sudden touch and pulled back. \"Hey let go of me!\" It took a few seconds until I realized there were other people around, in fact many people. All dressed like I was, the house from what I could see looked just the same as the room I was in. \"What is the matter with you\" She let go and stopped in front of me. Her face turned red and she frowned. She was an older woman, with deep set wrinkles and alabaster skin. She looked intimidating and not pleased at all with my sudden outburst. Her hair was put up in the same fashion as mine, traced with white and red hair. Though despise how angry she looked now, her large green eyes were gentle. It was surprisingly comforting and defiantly took out some of the edge I had before. \"No matter, we have been looking for you. Mr. Shaw requests your appearance right this instant. I do believe he has some business to discuss with you\" I said nothing, my mouth hanging open. I'm sure I looked stupid but honestly that's how I felt. I knew nothing about anything this lady was talking about. Who-what and how did she know my last name? She sighed and shook her head disapprovingly, grabbing my hand and guiding me down the stairs. I did nothing but walk, unable to think as I gawked at my surroundings. \"Mr. Shaw, this is Miss Amelia Ambrossio\" I Hadn't even noticed we had been standing in front of the \"Shaw\" family until I heard my full name. My head whipped forward and before I could say one thing Mr. Shaw spoke. \"Miss Ambrossio, it's a pleasure to meet you\" He smiled kindly and all I could do was stare at the man. It's been a good 15 minutes since I woke up and still nothing had been explained to me. I have no idea what I'm doing, who these people are and why exactly everyone is dressed like came from the bloody History Channel. I blinked and glanced toward the women next to me. She shot an eyebrow up and looked at Mr. Shaw. I gulped and put on my best fake smile I could muster at the moment. \"Y-Yes It's a great, pleasure\" My voice was hoarse and I started to chew my upper lip, a habit I had since I was little. \"Mrs. Windly, Miss Ambrossio\" He moved aside, gesturing towards a young…guy. \"This is my son Robert. He just came back from fighting in Antietam\" Though I remained calm on the outside, inside I was a confused, hot mess. I knew the name Shaw sounded familiar and obviously judging by the clothing and \"fighting in Antietam\" I knew exactly what year I was in. The battle of Antietam happened on September 17, 1862. 1862 I gulped, Civil War. Thank you Mr. Findlers seventh period history class. But wait, I couldn't possibly be in the eighteen hundreds. That's impossible, in fact a week was it, that scientist proved Einstein to be correct, time travel was not possible, nor probable. Maybe I'm being pranked… No, who the hell would prank me, let alone dress me up like this and through a Civil War themed party. That was just weird and – \"Amelia\" I jumped and turned towards 'Mrs. Windly' she shot dangers at me and if looks could kill I'd be dead. She nudged me and whispered again. \"Amelia, stop being rude\" I looked up and my breath caught in my throat. Whoa, well wasn't Robert…cute. \"Huh?\" Mr. Shaw still smiled, pushing Robert even closer into the circle. \"My son, Robert\" He said as if it was the most obvious thing. \"Oh, yes\" I giggled awkwardly, trying my best to sound, 'Century appropriate' if you know what I mean. \"Yes, I do believe, that um I am familiar with Roberts…work\" Mrs. Windly tried to contain her laughter as everyone else, including Robert stared at me with a bemused expression. \"What I mean to say is, that I am very aware of Robert's efforts in the…war, efforts\" I looked down, my face turning redder by the second. I didn't even know these people, well no I do know them but not know them know them. And I still manage to myself appear like a bumbling fool, unable to put together coherent sentences. They must think I'm an idiot; I kept my eyes locked on the floor not even daring to look up. \"Miss Ambrossio, it's come to my attention that you are a nurse. Is that correct?\" The voice sounded different, well obviously; it sounded completely feminine. In attempts to seem, somewhat normal and not stupid nor rude I looked up. This time it was a slightly older woman who spoke. She had the same color hair as Robert from what I could notice and the same warm brown eyes as his. For only meeting the guy a couple minutes ago, I felt like a complete creeper for noticing those diminutive details. But I was completely put back once her question began to process in my mind. She had just asked me if I was a nurse. Well no, she said I was a nurse. And I'm sure as hell positive I'm not a nurse. \"Yes\" I cringed at my answer, lie - BIG LIE. \"Oh how delightful!\" She giggled and set her cup down. \"Tell me, it must be such an exciting field of work\" I nodded and tried to smile. \"I- yes, it is. Very…delightful\" They all nodded and looked at me as if they were genuinely interested. I gulped and noticed my right arm twitching. Yet another habit I had since I was younger. \"It's a lot of hard work, but at the end of the day it is very rewarding\" They seemed to buy it, all nodding and smiling at my answer. My heart was beating fast, I don't lie. I don't do it because I simply cannot ; I get all twitchy and visibly nervous, it's never a good time. \"Well, if you all don't mind I would like to speak to Mrs. Ambrossio alone\" My eyes darted towards Mr. Shaw, not even noticing all the other people walking away. He smiled and grabbed my arm gently. I gawked and allowed him to lead me towards the fire place. Speaking of, I do believe I owe the Shaw family a candle… \"Miss Ambrossio, I am not quite certain you are aware of Roberts's position?\" He looked at me, and I shook my head. \"Well, you see he has agreed to become Colonel of the 54th Massachusetts infantry\" Oh god. \"And we are asking for your services miss\" Before I could do anything I fell, my legs simply gave up and there you have it, I fainted. Thank fully though Mr. Shaw grabbed my arms and steadied me before any damage could be done. I placed a hand on my hand and sighed, glancing around to see if anyone noticed. \"My goodness, are you alright?\" I looked up and nodded, clearing my throat. \"Mr. Shaw, w-what exactly are you asking me?\" Frankly I knew exactly what he wanted and the fact that I've woken up to a surrounding unknown, bounded by people who apparently know me and think I'm some sort of nurse. It's completely insane. This situation is insane, these cloths, people – Mrs. Freaking Windly or whatever her name is. Everything is beyond anything I know of and the fact that I am just playing along is quite alarming to me as well. \"I believe the 54th is in need of a proper nurse, and with all the things Mrs. Windly has been saying\" Whoa wait. \"Excuse me sir for interrupting, but what has Mrs. Windly been saying\" Mrs. Windly who is this lady. Obviously she knows more than I do and that scares me. I needed some closure, where am I? What the fuck is going on? \"Nothing of importance my dear, but please say you will!\" I gulped, should I? I mean these people couldn't possibly pull of an entire infantry to prank me or whatever. Let alone create 19th century Boston Massachusetts, so this has brought me to thus one conclusion. \"A-alright\" I have somehow managed to break the laws of physics and go back in time to approximately the year 1862. Yeah, I'm a bit confused as well. So…was it bad? Was it good? I'm really eager to hear the response to this chapter. I know this whole scenario has been done multiple times but I really do believe my story will be surprisingly different. ;) Thank you so much for reading![Chapter 2] I groaned, falling in step with Mrs. Windly. She had insisted I stay the night with her. Obviously, as would anyone else stuck in a century far past their own – without a place to say, I accepted. It was also my own little way of getting to bottom of this whole nightmare. As mentioned before, Mrs. Windly is a suspicious character, with that twinkle in her eye it was quite clear she knew much more than I did. Frightening, isn't it? We came to a stop, she smiled and sat down on the couch. We were in some kind of parlor, the entire space adorned with feathers and silks. It was beautiful, reminded me of my grandmother's house. She gestured me to come sit, I eyed the furniture. Turning around and sitting on a quaint little chair diagonal of her. We didn't say anything, it felt like the silence was suffocating me. It was extremely uncomfortable; she would occasionally gaze at me with this unreadable expression. I being the bumbling fool I am said nothing, keeping my mind occupied on my fingers. \"If you keep that you won't have any fingers to bite on\" I glanced up, my teeth still attached to my nails. She grinned and looked away, I quickly tore my hand from my mouth and looked down. No matter how much I tried, I still blushed. How long has she even been starring at me? I knew that habit was not proper, but what did she suppose I do? The bloody women hadn't said anything in the past ten minutes. Six hundred seconds of pure agony. \"Mrs. Shaw has gracefully arranged a carriage to take us home\" I jumped; she seriously needed to stop that. I nodded, sitting up and clearing my throat. \"When will we be leaving\" Mrs. Windly said nothing, looking past me. I sighed, well that was very rude. After a few moments I grew annoyed, what the hell was she staring at? Turning around, I gasped. It was a massive portrait of what looked like Mrs. Shaw – of course assuming. Though, with the matching one right behind Mrs. Windly, obviously being Mr. Shaw, my guess was good as right. It was a very beautiful portrait, quaint and charming. Mrs. Shaw looked absolutely regal, with her pale pink gown drained in lace and pearls. The women look like a queen, it was quite amazing. You see these sort of drawings in text books and online, but to be right in front of the actual thing is something totally out of this world. It's intimidating to be quite frank, made me want a damn portrait like that at my house… \"Mrs. Windly, Miss Ambrossio, your carriage is ready\" I turned around, smiling nervously and getting up. Mrs. Shaw grinned and walked towards me, I gulped and looked down. \"You were admiring my portrait, do you like it?\" I looked up and nodded. \"Tell me Amelia, do you have any portraits done?\" I sighed, to answer her question, no and yes. No, I do not have any portraits of me but if you visit my grandmother's home in Monte Carlo and Barcelona than yes, I have quite a few portraits of my ancestors. \"Yes, my grandmother has a few in her home in Barcelona and Monte Carlo\" Mrs. Shaw's eyes lit up and I looked away. \"Barcelona and Monte Carlo, you wouldn't say?\" I nodded, this time trying my best to smile. \"My f-father is from Spain, coincidentally my mother is from France\" She looked at me in awe, I didn't blame her. When I told people about my freaking loaded grandma, they always have the same expression. \"Ambrossio, that is Spanish correct?\" \"Yes\" This time Mrs. Windly spoke. \"How charming\" Mrs. Shaw giggled and took my arm, placing her hand on top of mine. \"Well, we mustn't keep your carriage waiting\" Mrs. Windly smiled, standing up and following behind us. As we walked through the parlor, we stopped in front of the stair case. \"Robert Darling, come say goodbye to our guest\" My stomach jumped, and I could feel my right arm twitching underneath Mrs. Shaw. After a few seconds, the stairs began to squeak and I looked up. Robert came walking down, his hair a bit ruffled and without that blue jacket he had on earlier. He smiled and stood in front of me, all I could do was stare. He, really did look like Ferris Bueller, or Matthew Broderick looked like him. Whatever it may be this boy was hot . He bowed, standing up straight and nodding his head. \"It was a pleasure to meet you Miss. Ambrossio, I hope to see you tomorrow evening\" Without even thinking I smiled, pulling him into a hug. He stiffened and cleared his throat. \"Miss. A-Ambrossio\" It took a while but I gasped, pulling back and looking down. Not even daring to look at his face, what the actual hell was I thinking? \"I-I, uh\" I heard Robert stammer, I heard a mumble and looked up. Mrs. Windly was chuckling, the nerve of that women, though it was soon silenced as Robert said his goodbyes to her as well. I swear my face is going to stay red forever, what was I even thinking? \"Well, off we go\" Said Mrs. Shaw, glancing up at her I smiled, following everyone towards the front door. \"Well this is my humble abode\" Mrs. Windly smiled, her eyes twinkling. Her house was small, but decent I suppose. Not as nice as the Shaw residence, but close. I glanced around the space, unsure what to do. Mrs. Windly sighed and grabbed my hand, guiding me towards the living room. She sat me down on the couch, turning around and taking her set on the chair across. None of us said anything, reminded me of earlier, having so much to say but not speaking a word. Though this time around, it was much more awkward. \"Amelia-\" \"Call me Mia\" She shook her head and cleared her throat, her green eyes seeming to drift off as she sat there, thinking of what to say. As we sat there in silence, I began to think. Part me really wanted her to tell me what happened, but the other part was frightened. Scared that whatever she had to say would be, bad… \"Well, Mia I guess it's a good time to explain what's going on\" My head shot up, I could feel my body tense, my heart pounding. I wasn't sure if I wanted to scream or jump up in down in excitement. \"My name is Emma Windly, I-I am your great, great, great, and dare I say it, great granddaughter\" Well, what do you think? Sorry it's so short, I just wanted to leave it off with a cliff hanger because I'm evil ;) Just kidding, but really I hope you enjoyed it. We got a little Mia and Robert action this chapter. I don't know if you aware of this yet but Mia is one awkward child, and it was quite clear in this chapter. lol Anyways, I want to say thank you to SimplyMonkey , AnimeGirl1220 and CarminaxBuranax for reviewing chapter one.[Chapter 3] \"You're kidding right?\" I couldn't believe anything this woman had been saying. I lost all sense of reality when she began to explain herself. I mean sure, this had been expected. If I were to be back in time, nothing could possibly get any weirder. Though once she started to elucidate everything, and I do mean everything – I simply couldn't handle it. She leaned forward and involuntarily, I moved back. \"Mia, I'm from the future\" Yeah thanks, like I hadn't picked that one up. \"I can't give too much away but I have been sent back in time to retrieve you and place us in, well – here.\" Still I kept my mouth shut, Emma reached her hand forward and I slapped it away. \"Do not, touch me\" My voice was filled with unexplained rage, I was furious! She had unwillingly brought me back in time; all I wanted was to go home. \"Mia please, I understand you're scared, and frustrated but\" \"But what\" Slowly, but surely I was gaining confidence the more I thought about what she said. \"You can't just take people and bring them back in time without their consent!\" Without even thinking I sprung up. \"I-I don't care what you want, just take me home\" Emma sighed and stood up as well. \"Mia, I can't do that\" \"And why exactly not, you brought me here pretty easily I'm sure as hell you can do the opposite\" She shook her head, gazing at the carpet. \"Mia, I was sent to conduct an experiment, unfortunately for you I can't reverse anything\" I hadn't even realized I had been crying until Emma handed me a handkerchief. \"Hell, I'm older then you, haven't you learned to respect your elders\" She giggled and I wanted to die. That wasn't meant to be funny, I was serious. \"You may be older but right now I'm 57 and your only 18. Wisdom holds no age\" She sat back down, gingerly placing her hands neatly on her crossed legs. \"I've lived longer Mia, please trust me\" I was completely unsure of myself, could I even trust a women who had sprung so many things to me, unwillingly? It's actually quite funny, though I remained nonchalant. Taking in a deep breath, I relaxed and nodded my head. Hopping this would further answer her question. A smile formed on her face, and I suddenly felt uncomfortable. I had just agreed to something I wasn't a hundred percent sure of. No matter, I had said yes. And I intend to further go this \"experiment\" regardless the consequences… It was a rather cold, crisp morning. The sky gray and emotionless, I couldn't even bare to walk through the camp without feeling defeated and miserable. It had come to my attention I had arrived to camp a few days later than everyone else. Everyone had treated me with no respect. I'm pretty sure the stray dog that walks around with a limp is \"cooler\" than me at this point. Regardless I trudged through the cold with pride, or at least the last bit I had left. My first day in, I had been thrown with cat calls and inappropriate behavior. It hurt, not going to lie; but after I set some of the men straight I felt a little bit better, just a bit. As for why I'm out this early, one of the \"men\" had fallen off a tree and hurt himself. To my understanding, I would just need to examine the injury, say a few smart medical terms I learned from Grays Anatomy and patch the wound up. Sounded easy right? God I hoped so… Before I knew it I was standing in front of the infirmary, sucking in a deep breath and pushing through the wooden door. \"Hey, shut that door, your letting the cold air in!\" I jumped, turning around and slamming the door shut as asked. My head whipped around and I gazed at the small, dark space. The entire room had only one widow that let in a bit of light. All around everything looked dirty and rusty; two beds lined each side of the room with cabinets framing the walls. \"You the new nurse\" I glanced at the man and nodded. He eyed me up and down, rolling his eyes and turning around. \"Robert sure knows how to pick 'em\" Pretending I didn't hear him I cleared my throat. \"Where's the patient?\" The man still kept his back towards me, raising a single finger and pointing to the left. I followed his gesture and my eyes landed on a young man. He looked quite familiar, with dirty blonde hair and a matching mustache. I gulped and stood up straight. Keeping my pace and walking towards the bed. He seemed like he hadn't even acknowledged my presence, his back flat on the bed and his eyes glued on the ceiling. \"Hi\" I said meekly, his eyes gazed towards me; then back to the ceiling. His face remained solemn; he sort of looked like a little kid who got in trouble. It was obvious he didn't want to be here and I, being the awkward child I am had no idea what to do about it. \"So, what happened\" \"Nothing, I do not require any medical attention. So if you will be as kind to leave\" He didn't even look at me. I didn't buy it one second, stepping closer I crossed my arms over my chest gazing at his legs. \"I heard you fell, care to elaborate\" He sighed and sat up, his eyes burning holes through me. \"No\" I grinned and walked towards one of the cabinets. \"Do you know where the gauze is?\" \"Third cabinet to you right\" Called out the man from before. I bit my lip and walked towards the correct cabinet, tentatively pulling the handle and grabbing the gauze. I turned around and walked towards the bed. Gently grabbing his left leg, I raised it up so it lay across my knees. \"Is it your ankle?\" \"Yes\" I nodded, pushing his pant leg up and softly touching the swollen area. As I applied pressure, I felt him wince. I glanced up, his face bright red. \"All this requires is a quick wrapping and some TLC\" He frowned. \"TLC, what in God's name is that?\" I shook my head, beginning to wrap his ankle. \"Nothing, just make sure you take it easy and keep the leg elevated to reduce swelling\" Wow, I sounded pretty legit. I could really pass for a Nurse, let's just hope I don't screw anything or anyone up for the time being. \"So, what's your name?\" I heard a snort fallowed by a loud chuckle; raising an eyebrow I looked up. \"What's so funny?\" \"Nothing, it's just – never mind\" Shaking my head I smiled, continuing to finish his ankle. \"I do say have we met before\" He called out. \"Not sure, but you do look familiar. I'm Amelia Ambrossio, the new nurse, obviously. I was at the party hosted by the Shaw family a few nights ago, perhaps we met there. Oh, and you can call me Mia\" My head shut up and I grinned. \"Now that I introduced myself, I believe it's only fair I get your name?\" Whoa, wait. Was I just flirting? His face twisted and looked forward, not keeping eye contact. \"I'm Major Forbes, Miss\" He turned his gaze towards me and smirked. \"Ambrossio\" I let out a quick laugh; you know one of the really loud and obnoxious ones you use when you don't have a good enough comeback after a 'confrontation' \"Real slick, listen you better be nice to me, who's gonna help you out on the battle field once you get injured? I could easily look the other way and help out a less cocky soldier\" His face turned sour and I tried to bite back another laugh. \"Touché\" I raised an eyebrow and tried to make my face as serious as his. \"Toosh\" He looked at me like I was either the biggest idiot in the world or like he couldn't believe I had just said that. Well, if you understood what I was referencing then you dear reader, get a fruit snack. Fruit snacks for all! Lame ending, I know… Sorry this is a little late, honestly I've just been busy enjoying the last days of summer. So when do you guys go back? For me school starts September 5 th *Sigh* *Tear* D': CarminaxBuranax : Thank you so much! I got a bit of inspiration for the name of Emma from Emma Stone. I don't know just the red hair, big green eyes… Only difference being of course my Emma is like 30+ years older, but ya know…;) Oh and Barcelona and Monte Carlo – isn't she a lucky b!#,just kidding. lol SimplyMonkey : Yes, thank you! I really had no idea how Mia ended up back in time as I wrote the first chapter and posted it. Honestly I wanted something never done before. So I thought, what if her great, great – whatever granddaughter went back in time and took her ancestor (Mia) further back in time. Hehe :P mickeyliz : Aww, that was very sweet thank you(: And I will defiantly keep writing! ","Summary":" The first thing I remember that evening had to be the fringe. The delicate fringe that lined each p"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"The Heart's War A Glory love story","Author":"PiecesOfRainbow7","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6597214","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A NOTE FROM THE AUTHOR: Hello, my name is PiecesOfRainbow7, also known as BlatantMarySue on the website ! Some of you may have seen this story before - unfortunately it was plagiarized by a certain \"author\" on this site who shall remain nameless unless she decides to do anything else annoying! Yes, someone actually copied and pasted it on and tried to pass it off as her own! Well, it's all sorted out now, so here is the original, unadulterated story! Hope you all enjoy :D CHAPTER ONE: Alexandra shifted uncomfortably in her corset and sighed an exasperated sigh as she gazed listlessly out the window into the streaming rain. The voice of her father's scolding was droning in and out of her ears. \"…Absolutely disgraceful, you have brought nothing but shame to this family, when we have sacrificed so much to give you…\" Her father was pacing ungracefully in front of the flickering fire that mirrored his rage. \"What have you to say for yourself?\" \"Nothing,\" she responded, defiantly. \"I'm sorry to have caused you distress, father, that is the best I can offer.\" Her father's expression softened. \"Alexandra, you're all I have left since your mother's death, and you know I love you no matter what… but you cannot expect to behave so badly and not expect to receive any consequences.\" \"What consequences, specifically?\" Alexandra's eyes narrowed. Her father took a deep breath and turned away. \"I've made a special arrangement, daughter.\" Well this was different. Alexandra stood looking at herself in the mirror. She was bound in a thick navy blue uniform and her flaming red hair was tucked away in a jaunty cap. So this was what her father had meant. Though she loved him, she felt a resonating anger toward her father. It was only because of his neglect that she had ended up in this mess to begin with. It all started with the death of her mother a year before to the fever. Unable to cope, retired General Dewitt had sent his daughter to a finishing school in London. Alexandra only wanted to stay and spend her twentieth year among the many family farms with her friends and her father, the only parent she had left. Instead she found herself in a stuffy school surrounded by affected, competitive teenage girls. She had never been much of a girl's girl, always preferring to spend time outside getting dirty rather than sitting by dim firelight embroidering daisies. In London she grew restless and entered into some situations that could be considered debaucheries—the pinnacle of which consisted of embarking on an intimate relationship with the stable boy who then proceeded to sell the story to the papers. Not only was it improper for a socialite of her status and wealth to be matched with a poor, working-class man, but it was also a complete scandal because the entire London population and indeed many in the country knew that the couple had engaged in dangerous interactions with no plans whatsoever to marry. Now, she knew nothing of his whereabouts. The last she heard from him, he was moving to the industrious North to work in a cotton factory. Well, good riddance , she thought to herself as she crossed her arms in front of the mirror and inspected herself more carefully. To her, what she saw didn't look like a man. Certainly, her ample bosom was bound tightly and her hair was securely fastened atop her head and hidden underneath the cap, but her eyes were still womanly. She exhaled gruffly and slouched, trying to adopt a manly look. There was a quiet knock at the door. \"Come in?\" She said in a high voice, before catching herself and repeating, \"Come in!\" in a lower register. Her maid, Isabel entered and gasped when she saw her mistress. \"My Goodness,\" She gasped. \"You don't look at all like yourself!\" \"Don't I?\" Alexandra asked, uncertainly, before looking back at the mirror. \"I'm not sure…\" \"Oh, no, Mistress. Really, it's an amazing transformation.\" Alexandra continued to adjust her posture for a moment, before giving an exasperated sigh. \"I'm sorry. Did you need me for something?\" \"Yes, miss, your father wants to see you.\" \"Of course he does.\" Alexandra said, flatly. Then, with a softer tone, she turned to face the maid. \"Isabel, do you think this is foolish?\" The maid thought for a moment before saying, \"Isn't it what you wanted, miss?\" \"Well, yes!\" Alexandra emoted. \"Of course I want to fight! I care about the cause just as much as any man!\" \"Then I don't think it's foolish, miss. I think it's brave.\"[Chapter 2] CHAPTER TWO Alexandra wasn't feeling brave as the carriage pulled up to the square a few weeks later. Hundreds of enlisted black men were clumped together in a writhing mass of anticipation and excitement. At the front, Alexandra could see a few white officers conferring, and her throat constricted with dread. Certainly, she had perfected her manly appearance, but she was still certain they would see through her. For once, she was grateful for her father's extremely high rank and immense wealth. The carriage stopped close to the elevated area where the officers were. Alexandra swallowed, but her mouth was dry. She peered out the window at the other officers. One, Alexandra recognized. Colonel Hastings was a family friend who knew all about her father putting her into the army. He was her liaison, and though he was not involved with the 54th regiment, he was there to introduce her to the other officers, and of course give her moral support. Several officers surrounded him. The two standing on the elevated part were speaking earnestly to each other. One, a Sergeant, was a handsome young blond gentleman with a cigar in one hand, a glint in his eye, and an aloof expression. The other, clearly a Colonel, had brown hair, eyes, and stubble. He had high cheekbones and a deep attractiveness that evoked a stir in Alexandra's chest. She immediately shook the flutter away. After a deep breath, she grasped the handle and opened the door. The excitement was palpable in the air. Alexandra looked around at the earnest faces of the men who had never been given a chance and felt a swell of emotion. She was now absolutely certain she was doing the right thing. She snaked through the crowd and caught Hastings' eye. He was a robust, cheerful man of a commanding stature with sparkling blue eyes and thick salt-and-pepper hair. He was a few years younger than her father, but not by many. To Alexandra, he was like an uncle. Now, he approached her with a smile and an exclamation of, \"Ah!\" \"Hello, Colonel!\" Alexandra said in her best man's voice—luckily, her speaking voice was low anyway. When he was close enough, she whispered, \"How do I look?\" \"Strapping, dear, simply strapping,\" he whispered back, and then in a loud voice, said \"Lieutenant, so good to see you! Won't you come and meet the other officers?\" So, here it was, ready or not. The two men Alexandra had seen earlier turned to look at her. She met their eyes and gave what she hoped was a manly smile. \"Sirs, this is Lieutenant Alexander Dewitt,\" said Hastings. \"I can vouch for him personally, I served with his father. A fine, fine family!\" \"Of course!\" Said the blond gentleman. \"There is no question, General Dewitt was a great soldier.\" \"This is Sergeant Cabot Forbes,\" Hastings said, gesturing to the blond. Forbes extended his hand and Alexandra shook it robustly… possibly too robustly, as Forbes raised his eyebrows and shook his hand out once it was released. \"And this,\" Hastings continued, \"Is your commanding officer, Colonel Robert Gould Shaw.\" The dark haired man nodded and extended a hand. As Alexandra shook it, she felt another stirring in her chest. Irritated, she tried to squash it. I'm a man now remember? Girlish fancies are out of the question! \"Sir, it is an honor to meet you and to fight alongside you.\" Alexandra said, then immediately wished she hadn't. Even in her manly tone, she worried that it sounded like gushing. \"Please, the honor is mine. Your father is a great man.\" He said, smiling. Alexandra was beginning to tire over the heaps of praise being given to her father. Despite this, she let go of his hand and smiled back. However, he continued: \"I wasn't aware that General Dewitt had a son.\" \"Ah, well, yes, you see,\" Hastings chimed in, \"Alexander has been away studying in Europe, Colonel. In fact, he earned his rank marching with the British army!\" \"Really!\" Colonel Shaw said, his eyebrows raised. \"Impressive. Well, we must get this underway, but it is an honor to have you with us.\" Alexandra smiled and turned with the others to face the crowd. Discreetly, she let out a breath she had been holding. There had been no alarming unmasking, and she was thankful for that. The event began, and Colonel Shaw mounted a horse. The regimental band played a march as he rode around the crowd, taking a good look at his privates. When he returned to the front, he announced, \"Good morning, gentlemen. I am Colonel Robert Gould Shaw. I am your commanding officer. It is a great pleasure to see you all here today. It is my hope that the same courage, spirit, and honor, which has brought us together, will one day restore this union. May God bless us all!\" The crowd erupted in cheers. We commenced with forming companies, and a number of the other white officers launched forth into the crowd, issuing orders and assembling soldiers. It was chaos. Sergeant Forbes leaned over and whispered, \"Well, this is going to be interesting.\" Alexandra shifted her weight. \"Yes, I think it is.\"[Chapter 3] CHAPTER 3 The next few days went by, and Alexandra was finally adjusting. She had gotten into a rhythm, she felt, and began to see playing a part as fun and amusing. Best of all, she was finally being able to really be involved in the war. Her entire life she had felt limited by her sex – not to say that she didn't absolutely love being a woman… it was more that she felt that society wasn't quite ready for what they had to offer. Anyway, if she'd wanted hard work and excitement, she'd gotten it. On the third day of a grueling recruitment process, the officers and the regiment packed up and migrated to their official training grounds. Alexandra stood on a slight hill, watching the soldiers find their tents. She directed a very young and a middle-aged man to the nearest tent, and then turned around to find her own quarters. Up the hill was the main brick building (which housed the dining hall and a training barn), where she understood the officers would be sleeping. However, just as she was about to stride through the doors, a hasty hand grabbed her arm and pulled her to the left. \"Nope.\" It was Sergeant Forbes. \"I'm afraid you're not listed in these quarters,\" he said with a chipper briskness. \"I'm – I'm not?\" \"No… most of the Lieutenants are in those quarters.\" He put an arm around her shoulders and pointed matter-of-factly at a large cabin across the muddy courtyard and further up the hill, protected by a few trees. He then turned to her with a large grin of amusement. \"Let's go have a look-see, shall we?\" \"Um… alright...\" He steered her over to the cabin. \"After you,\" he said, holding open the door. Hesitantly, she walked up the wooden steps and into the dim room, which was pierced with dusty beams of late afternoon sunlight. Alexandra halted in her tracks when she saw that it was a low-ceilinged, open room with about six cots in close proximity. She only just managed to conceal the grimace of panic that flashed across her face. \"Ah, this is… just… charming.\" She moved to the closest bunk and gingerly placed her rucksack on the edge. \"I suppose this bunk is mine…\" \"Lieutenant, I wonder if I might have a word?\" Forbes closed the door behind him, checked outside the window, and then leaned against the door, eyebrows raised. \"Al- alright…?\" There was a long and awkward pause. Forbes just looked at her, almost accusingly, but with an amused flicker dancing around his expression. When she didn't speak, he shifted his weight off of the door and took an inch of a step forward and cleared his throat. \"I don't know exactly how to approach this, Lieutenant, but I feel that there's a matter that perhaps we ought to discuss.\" Alexandra's heart dropped like a stone into her stomach and her every muscle went tense - this was it, it was all going to come out. She cleared her throat and tried to adopt a position of casual curiosity. He paused for a moment, tongue in cheek, waiting to see if she would say anything. She didn't. So, he forged ahead. \"Something tells me that perhaps these quarters will not suit you.\" \"They… they won't?\" \"No,\" he was trying to be delicate. \"No, something tells me that you'll be wanting something a bit more private.\" \"Oh, that's ridiculous, why would I want – \" \"I must say, you did a very impressive job. Even I myself was fooled for a moment, and I consider myself quite an expert!\" He was grinning, now. \"An expert on what?\" She asked, dreading the answer. He looked at her coolly in the eyes. \"Women.\" Damn. Well, that was it then. But she still felt like she had to put up some form of a fight. \"I don't know what you mean, sir.\" \"The greasepaint you're using for whiskers is melting off in the heat, Lieutenant.\" Alexandra couldn't breathe. She swallowed hard and began to swoon. He saw her sudden frailty and reached out to catch her shoulder. \"Woah, there, easy!\" He steadied her and she looked shamefaced at him. \"It's alright, it's alright, I won't say anything!\" \"You won't? But… why?\" \"Well,\" he shrugged pleasantly, \"you've made this valiant of an effort to be taken for a different gender… I can't doubt your conviction. Besides. I like you. You're highly amusing to watch.\" He winked. She sat down on the bed, exhausted but strangely relieved to have a confidante. He sat down next to her and smiled down at his clasped hands. \"Look,\" he said. \"I can help you. Now you're lucky that I'm as open-minded, kind-hearted, and, dare I say it, noble as I am, but you'd be hard pressed to find others like that in the regiment. You can't be found out.\" \"I know. God, if it's that easy to tell…\" \"It isn't, it isn't!\" He hurriedly reassured her. \"I just happen to know women. But you'll need different sleeping arrangements.\" She looked at him expectantly as he held out this dramatic pause. \"…And I've made them for you.\" He raised his eyebrow. \"Oh… OH! No, no, no,\" she stood up, angrily and turned on him. \"How DARE you suggest that, you slimy, cold-hearted – \" \"I'm going to stop you there.\" He stood up and grabbed her shoulders again, this time in a snap-out-of-it kind of way. \"That is not on the cards here.\" She didn't know whether to be pleased or mildly offended, but she kept her mouth shut. \"I happen to be a gentleman and would never suggest such an outrageous act of misogyny. However, I have taken the liberties of arranging for you to sleep in the cabin with myself and Sergeant Jasper. I hope you don't mind, I told him – that is, we had a sort of bet, and now he owes me rather a large sum of money –\" he rubbed his hands together, pleased with himself. \"—but the point is, we'll give you a room of your own. Let me show you.\" She was blown away. As he led her out of the cabin and across the yard to another, smaller building, she couldn't fully let go of her suspicious reticence, but she was silently saying her prayers of thanks that she had an ally. ","Summary":" A NOTE FROM THE AUTHOR: Hello, my name is PiecesOfRainbow7, also known as BlatantMarySue on the web"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Why don't you break my heart?","Author":"ReesesPieces2112","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9176900","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" Oh yeah, yeah So you're the girl, I heard the rumor You got the boys wrapped around your finger Such a sweet heart breaker If you're the game I want to be a player \" Courtney crossed her arms and glared at the boy who started dancing around her. This was what he did for attention, that doesn't mean she should give it to him. \" Oh, you can do whatever you want It's alright with me Why don't you break my heart? Make it hurt so bad Come on and give it your best, nothing less I insist I want it just like that \" Nikko smiled at Courtney's attempt to get away from him as he took her arm, spun her around, and held her close. This was just an attempt to get on her nerves and get into their show choir…group…thing, but just for the prize money, nothing more. \" Why don't you break my heart? It sounds good to me Do it over again, again, again You're just what I need Why don't you break my heart? Yeah, break it \" Courtney ran down the stairs of the stage, trying her best to avoid Nikko. She knew he was just putting on a show and it was really starting to annoy her. When he jumped off the stage and ended up too close to her, she tried to maneuver her way around him. \" Stare me down, intimidate me Baby, please you'll never break me Bring it on 'cause I can take it You're so cool the way you play it Oh, you can do whatever you like It's alright with me \" Nikko was having way too much fun watching Courtney squirm. She tried to run from him but he was faster. He laughed when she let out a small gasp when his face was only inches from hers for a split second. \" Why don't you break my heart? Make it hurt so bad Come on and give it your best, nothing less I insist I want it just like that Why don't you break my heart? Oh It sounds good to me Do it over again, again, again You're just what I need Why don't you break my heart? Yeah Break it, break it, yeah, yeah \" Courtney pushed at Nikko's chest and ran down the aisle, aware that he was following close behind. She climbed up the stairs, but there he was. And when she tried to climb back down, he stopped her. \" Why don't you break my heart? Yeah Make it hurt so bad Come on and give it you best, nothing less I insist I want it just like that \" Courtney tried to ignore the butterflies she got when he was so close to her. She knew everyone was watching and it was embarrassing because she couldn't find her way out of this mess. She was never one to think of something like this, but if it meant getting away from Nikko…she was all for it. \"Why don't you break my Why don't you break my Why don't you break my heart? Yeah\" It really took Nikko by surprise when Courtney had suddenly reached up and kissed him. He took into appreciation how good it felt to kiss her; she was talented, she beautiful, she was a little uptight, but he still found something interesting about her. Courtney pulled away and blushed as she looked at the floor; it's not like she hadn't thought Nikko was attractive, they were just so different, she didn't think he noticed her. \"Uh, Court?\" Janet asked from the stage with a smirk that implied they were going to have a talk later. \"Now what?\" \"Uh.\" Courtney stepped away from Nikko and attempted to glare at him. \"Stay in the back and try to keep up.\" \"Gotcha.\" He smirked following her onto the stage and took a spot in the back as she led from the front. Courtney knew she was getting a lecture from Janet later, but she couldn't help the smile that crept up her face. Even though he was in the far back, Nikko could see her smile and looked at the floor, feeling the corners of his mouth turn up. This might just be more interesting than he thought. ","Summary":" \" Oh yeah, yeah So you're the girl, I heard the rumor You got the boys wrapped around your finger "},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Courtney and Nikko fight for their Love","Author":"LoverDreamer","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6136598","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It had been 3 months that have passed by so quickly, whenever I was near him I felt time pass quickly , I thought, as I was walking to school. I didn't even notice that someone was in back of me until I felt two strong hands wrapped around me. I jumped back and that's when I saw Nikko. I smiled at him. \"Got scared\" Nikko said \"Oh no, I was just so happy that I jumped back\" I said Nikko just smiled and gave me a kiss Then I pulled back and told him it was time to get to school he didn't want to go but he finally did. As we were entering school I remembered I had to get some notes from my locker. \"Why don't you go to your class, I still have to get some notes I left in my locker\" I said. \"Fine, see you in lunch\" Nikko said As I was taking notes out of my locker I heard a familiar voice say, \"Long time no see Courtney\". I turned around to see Royce behind me. I took my notes and slammed my locker. \"So how you been?\" Royce said \"Good until I now\" I said \"Really Courtney you sure about that\", Royce said \"Yes I'm sure, now if you'll excuse me I'm going to class\" I said I was bored in all 3 classes; I couldn't wait until lunch, that's why when the bell rang for lunch I almost ran out of the class. I got my lunch and sat with Janet, then Nikko came and the rest of Spectacular. \"So Nikko what you going to do afterschool\" I said \"Go to the studios and record something, what about you\" Nikko said \"Oh nice, I don't know maybe I'll go to the mall or something\" I said \"Ok, but if you want you can come with me to the studios\" Nikko said \"No thanks I want to spend some time alone \"I said \"Ok however you want it\" Nikko said Then the bell rang I got up cleaned my tray and waited for Nikko to do the same. When he did we both went to class. I feel so tired today, I wonder why I thought as the bell rang for the end of school. I got out of school and walked to Nikko how was already waiting for me. \"Hey\" I said \"Hey umm I'm not going to walk with you today sorry\" Nikko said \"Yeah I would have guess when you said you had to record something in the studios, its ok though\" I said \"Oh ok well bye I better get going\" Nikko said and gave me a kiss in the lips a very gentle one. As I was walking I had the feeling that someone was behind me following me. But as I turned around I didn't see anything except a car parked. At first I thought I was imaging it but then I realized that I had seen that car somewhere. As I turned around I recognized the car and the person in it. ","Summary":" It had been 3 months that have passed by so quickly, whenever I was near him I felt time pass quick"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Brothers","Author":"OnceinYourLife","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4935260","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I. The Admiral WHAT'S HAPPENING? Basically, I have it in my mind that Stavros and Nikko's father is an admiral. Nikko has just received all A's and a B on his report card. DISCLAIMER I do not own Spectacular! or any of its characters. That is allll Nickelodeon's! I just play with it for my amusement! : ) AUTHOR'S NOTE This is my first Spectacular! fanfiction and, actually, my first fanfiction to ever be posted on ! So, try to be kind, please. I know it's short, but I'm hoping to think of a bunch! Alright, enough of my babbling! Just read, review, and enjoy! \"Stavros, don't.\" \"What? Why not?\" \"The Admiral won't appreciate it.\" \"What do you mean he won't appreciate it?\" \"Oh, please, you know what he does. You'll tell him, and then he'll say, 'Mm, a B? In what?' You'll tell him, 'Calculus.' He'll sigh and say, 'Right, and why wasn't it an A?' and you'll say, 'Because it's a hard class, sir.' And he'll say –\" \"Okay, okay, Nikko, I get it.\" \"Don't call him.\" \"I won't.\" Think I should continue? Well, I'm just going to continue anyway! : D II. The Holidays WHAT'S HAPPENING? It's Christmas! Stavros and Nikko's brother (Bilius) and sister (Lalaine) as well as their families (Bilius's wife and two kids; Lalaine's husband) are staying with Nikko and Stavros. DISCLAIMER I do not own Spectacular! or any of its characters. AUTHOR'S NOTE Just enjoy! Oh, and review, please! : ) \"Hey, bro, can I ask for a favor?\" \"Depends. Try me.\" \"I was wondering if Courtney could come over for dinner tomorrow.\" \"Nikko, I'm already cooking for eight!\" \"Then how hard will it really be to cook for nine?\" \"Do we even have enough room at the table for nine?\" \"Why can't Michael and James sit at their own table?\" \"Hey, those are your nephews!\" \"Yours too. Doesn't mean they don't annoy the crap out of me.\" \"Look, Bilius and Lalaine are staying with us for the holidays. That means their families stay too. Get over it\" \"I'm already over it. But, you're ignoring my original question. I just want Courtney to be able to meet everyone. How often is it that the entire Alexander clan is under one roof, eh?\" \"Fine. But you are not getting seconds.\" Yep, definitely still going to continue… just not sure when! Hopefully soon! III. The Curfew WHAT'S HAPPENING? Nikko wants his curfew to be extended. DISCLAIMER I do not own Spectacular! or any of its characters. However, I do wish I could get a nice slice of that NGF… mmm! \"I was thinking.. one.\" \"Hah, try again.\" \"Come on, what's the big deal?\" \"You're sixteen. You are not staying out until one o'clock in the morning. The end.\" \"Stavros, you're being unreasonable. Everyone else has a curfew of one o'clock or later!\" \"Well, sorry, you're not everyone else. You're my little brother, and you'll do what I say.\" \"But it would just be this one night! I have to go to this concert!\" \"You do not have to go to the concert.\" \"Fine. I really, really, really want to go to this concert. Don't sigh at me!\" \"Don't roll your eyes at me!\" \"Please, I am begging you to reconsider this.\" \"You know, I can deny those pathetic puppy dog eyes of yours. I'm not Courtney.\" \"What about 12:30? Well?\" \"Alright, okay. But, I swear, if you show up at 12:31, you're grounded for a month.\" Oh, look! This chapter ended up being much sooner than expected! It's currently 3:30 A.M., though, and I fear it is time for me to rest. Hopefully a new chapter will be ready for you soon! IV. The Fight WHAT'S HAPPENING? Nikko's head is bleeding - Stavros to the rescue! DISCLAIMER I do not own Spectacular! or any of its characters. AUTHOR'S NOTE I actually have a second version of this story. I think I might just edit the second one to work with a different storyline. Also, this is the longest one, length-wise. Not the longest one word-wise, though. Anyway, enjoy! \"Ouch, careful.\" \"Sit still.\" \"I am sitting still!\" \"No, you're not. You're squirming.\" \"Is it still bleeding?\" \"That's why I'm holding this rag to your head!\" \"Gee, sorry. No need to get snappy.\" \"I'm not – … sorry. Do you even realize how stupid this was?\" \"It wasn't stupid! I was defending my honor.\" \"What did Courtney think?\" \"Nothing.\" \"Nothing?\" \"She didn't care. We're still broken up, I guess.\" \"Then was it really worth getting a giant gash in your head to fight Royce for a girl who doesn't care?\" \"You weren't there.\" \"Then explain the situation to me. No?\" \"She was upset. And Royce wouldn't leave her alone. I freaked out. I'm sorry.\" \"Did you at least do some damage to him?\" \"Definitely.\" \"Good. I hate that little prick.\" Yes? No? Revieeew, please! V. The Monster WHAT'S HAPPENING? Nikko is hurt – Stavros to the rescue! DISCLAIMER I do not own Spectacular! or any of its characters. All belong to Face (oh, yeah, FACE). AUTHOR'S NOTE Yeah, I just decided to post the second version of chapter four with a different twist. You are NOT experiencing deja vu - it really does start the same way as the last chapter! This one's kind of dramatic, actually. I'll probably go further with this whole concept… later. : ) \"Ouch, careful.\" \"Sit still.\" \"I am sitting still.\" \"No you're not. You're squirming.\" \"Is it still bleeding?\" \"It's a head wound. Of course it's still bleeding. You know, I remember when you were little. You must have been five or six, learning how to ride a bike. You fell over and over again, and Mom would scoop you up off of the pavement and kiss the scratch. One second you'd be screaming your head off. The next, you're back on the bike, totally fine.\" \"You're smiling.\" \"Hm?\" \"I've never seen you smile when talking about Mom.\" \"Seriously?\" \"Seriously.\" \"Do you smile when you think of her?\" \"Stavros, I can't even remember her as a human being. More as a monster. After she got sick, she wasn't my mom anymore.\" \"Nikko, don't say that.\" \"It's true. I just see her sunken in eyes and her chapped lips. She wasn't real to me. You were lucky. You knew her as your mom, not your chore.\" \"Does it still hurt?\" \"No.\" Ah, a nice twist, hm? Please tell me someone understood the irony/significance of that last line. Please just tell me someone is reading this! REVIEW! Sooo, which version is better? VI. The Pizza WHAT'S HAPPENING? It's dinnertime, and Nikko's writing in a notebook. DISCLAIMER I do not own Spectacular! or any of its characters. AUTHOR'S NOTE Trying to get a little less dramatic with this one… REVIEW, PLEASE! I hate sounding desperate. I know this story has only been out for a day, but I just want to know what you guys think! REVIEW! YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO! : D \"Nikko, I'm ordering pizza! What do you want?\" \"I don't care. You pick.\" \"What are you working on?\" \"Nothing.\" \"Right, 'nothing' must be really important if you're going to slam the notebook in big brother's face.\" \"Just order your pizza.\" \"I can't just order a pizza without your input.\" \"Stavros, you're a big boy. You can dial a phone.\" \"Ha-ha-ha, fine. I'll just order my pizza with anchovies, pineapple, and red peppers, and you can starve.\" \"Anchovies? Seriously?\" \"Oh yeah.\" \"Why are you so weird?\" \"Have you met me? Would you like your own pizza?\" \"May I have my own pizza?\" \"Hm, that depends. Let me see that notebook, and we'll talk.\" \"Stavros, come on, you really don't want to see this.\" \"Oh, yeah, I really do. Come on, cough it up!\" \"Fine. Just don't la – Or, okay, just take it. Well? You know, I really don't like that face.\" \"Do you really feel like this?\" \"Yeah, I do.\" \"Dude.\" \"It's not funny!\" \"It's cute.\" \"It's not cute. It's depressing.\" \"It's not depressing! Courtney just needs some time. Why don't you show her this?\" \"What?\" \"Show her how you feel! Women love this stuff.\" \"Great advice coming from the man who hasn't been able to keep a girlfriend for more than five minutes.\" \"Hey –\" \"Yeah, yeah. Just go order your pizza. I'll eat the anchovies. And I'll deal with my Courtney problem. Eventually.\" VII. The Exam WHAT'S HAPPENING? Waking up in the morning! DISCLAIMER I do not own Spectacular! or any of its characters. AUTHOR'S NOTE For some reason, this one just made me laugh.. probably a lot more than it should have! Also, this is the shortest (word-wise) chapter yet! \"Get up.\" \"Mmm, no.\" \"Come on, Nikko, we have to leave soon!\" \"What time is it?\" \"Seven o'clock. Monday morning. I've got work. You've got school. We do this every week. Get up!\" \"Fine.\" \"I've got eggs. Come eat.\" \"I'm not hungry.\" \"Don't you have an exam today?\" \"Oh.. yeah.\" \"Then you're eating. Did you study?\" \"Sure.\" \"Nikko –\" \"Stavros, yes, I studied, okay?\" \"Did you study a lot? Are you prepared?\" \"Hah, dude, calm down. I'm ready. I've been studying for a long time. I'm going to ace this thing. Just wait.\" \"You sure are confident.\" \"Well…\" \"You know, if you bring back a bad grade on this test –\" \"That's not going to happen.\" \"It will if you don't eat your breakfast.\" \"I really don't think your eggs are going to get me an A, but thanks.\" \"Leaving already?\" \"Yeah, big day, you know?\" \"Say, what's that exam in anyway?\" \"Gym.\" PLEASE REVIEW! VIII. The Staple Gun DISCLAIMER I do not own Spectacular! or any of its characters. AUTHOR'S NOTE Personally, this is my least favorite chapter so far. Buuut, this is the longest (chapter-wise) Spectacular! fanfiction to date! Woo! I feel special! And, yet, no one is reviewing… \"You want to what?\" \"I just want to put some posters up.\" \"With a staple gun.\" \"With a staple gun, yeah. What's the big deal?\" \"The big deal is – we don't own this place! You can't just put holes in the wall.\" \"Tiny holes, miniscule!\" \"But multiple tiny holes really just equal one big hole. No.\" \"Come on, Stavros, you're hindering my right to self expression!\" \"Right to self expression? I don't remember that in the Constitution.\" \"You know what I mean.\" \"Draw a picture! Write a novel! There's your self expression.\" \"Why are you so against me?\" \"Excuse me?\" \"You heard me – why do you always shoot down everything I want to do?\" \"Probably because most of the things you suggest are insane.\" \"They are not!\" \"Putting apple in a fruit smoothie: insane. Throwing away your future for a rock band: insane. Jazz hands: insane. Stapling posters to a wall that you do not own: insane!\" \"Thanks. I really appreciate that.\" \"I don't think you're insane. I just think you have crazy ideas.\" \"Is there a difference? Well?\" \"No staple gun, okay?\" Even though no one is really reviewing, I'm going to keep posting. Maybe someone will catch on eventually. IX. The Dance WHAT'S HAPPENING? Spectacular has just performed a concert, and Stavros came to watch! Nikko and Stavros are now reflecting on the performance! DISCLAIMER I do not own Spectacular! or any of its characters. AUTHOR'S NOTE You guys do understand that this story is solely dialogue between Nikko and Stavros, right? I think that might be the root of some confusion. Also, these things are not in any chronological order. Although it's all the same universe, each story does not necessarily happen one after the other. It's very scattered, and that's kind of the point. Each chapter is just supposed to be a unique moment between the brothers that kind of gives you a new insight into their relationship! Maybe by the end of all this, I'll wrap it all together. Not making any promises, though. OKAY, READ, REVIEW, AND ENJOY! \"What'd you think?\" \"It was good, Nikko, it was great. Fantastic!\" \"Seriously?\" \"Seriously! What? Did you think I wouldn't like it?\" \"Honestly, yeah. You were pissed when Flux crashed and burned. I didn't think my return to Spectacular would actually please you.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"Dude, you screamed at me for, like, an hour after you found out I'd joined Spectacular!\" \"That was because you lied to me! You went behind my back and betrayed my trust, not because I'm anti-show choir! Look, let's not fight right now, not in front of your friends.\" \"Right. Whatever.\" \"You were awesome, okay? I know I don't say this enough, but I'm proud of what you're doing here. I really am.\" Aw, *tear tear*. Keep reading, keep reviewing, please! X. The Yelling WHAT'S HAPPENING? This one actually takes place right after Stavros busts Nikko during Spectacular rehearsal. This is the intense aftermath! DISCLAIMER I do not own Spectacular! or any of its characters AUTHOR'S NOTE This one didn't really turn out exactly how I'd hoped. But, I just kind of stopped/gave up. Oh well. Try to enjoy it anyway! \"ARE YOU INSANE?\" \"Stavros –\" \"NO, SHUT UP. Do not interrupt me. Seriously, I cannot even believe you would do this. You lied to me. You went behind my back so you could get what you wanted! How many times did I tell you 'no'? Hm? Answer me!\" \"Like, a thousand.\" \"Exactly, Nikko, exactly! I told you a thousand times! You told me you had a JOB; you said you were BUCKLING DOWN! What happened to that? Instead you were gallivanting around with those crazy kids, flapping your hands around and kicking your feet! Hey, do NOT start laughing! You are being lectured!\" \"Right, sorry.\" \"I said NO MORE BANDS! I said –\" \"Spectacular isn't a band. It's a group.\" \"WHAT DID I SAY ABOUT NOT INTERRUPTING ME? I just can't believe you would do this. You wasted all of your time on this stupid dancing thing. And for what? The girl? You barely even gave Amy the time of day! You know, seriously, when you got kicked out of Flux, I thought it was going to be a positive step for you! I thought that maybe, maybe just this once, you'd actually do something worthwhile. You would actually start pulling your weight around here. And, now, I realize you've been lying to me. For months. I'm just... disappointed, Nikko. Really, really disappointed. Well? Anything to say for yourself?\" \"Stavros, I'm sorry. I really am. But, joinging Spectacular wasn't a mistake. And I don't regret it.\" Intense, yes? XI. The Text Messaging DISCLAIMER I do not own Spectacular! or any of its characters. AUTHOR'S NOTE I have decided to fill you all in on where I imagined all of these chapters taking place! Maybe that'll help with picturing it yourself. All-dialogue fics can get really confusing without the action being detailed, so, I don't know. Hopefully an explanation on the setting will get more people reading/helping with comprehension! SETTING Chapter One – The kitchen in their apartment. Nikko is sitting on a bar stool. Stavros is behind the counter and relatively near a house phone. Chapter Two – Close to the door of their apartment. Both standing next to the railing of the stairs that lead to the door. Chapter Three – Stavros is on the couch, reading a newspaper. Nikko is standing in front of him. Chapter Four – Nikko is sitting on the edge of the sink in a bathroom. Stavros is standing in front of him. Anyone seen Milk? I pictured it as the same way Harvey was helping Scott after the riot. Chapter Five – Same as Chapter Four. Chapter Six – Stavros is in the kitchen. Nikko is on the couch. After noticing that Nikko is working on something, Stavros moves from the kitchen to sit by Nikko on the couch. The television is on. Chapter Seven – Nikko is in his bed. Stavros is standing next to him. At Nikko's \"Fine.\" the two move to the kitchen and sit to eat breakfast. Chapter Eight – Both are in Nikko's bedroom Chapter Nine – Both are in the audience of Nikko's school auditorium. Chapter Ten – Both are in Stavros's car. Stavros is driving. Nikko is in the passenger seat. Chapter Eleven – Same as Chapter Ten. \"Stavros, chill. It's one detention.\" \"Yeah, a detention for having your cell phone out in class!\" \"What's the big deal?\" \"The big deal is just that! You shouldn't be text messaging when you're supposed to be learning.\" \"We weren't even doing anything in that class! There was nothing to learn!\" \"Still. You know how I feel about cell phones. A cell phone is for –\" \"Emergencies only. Not as a social networking tool.\" \"No one appreciates your mocking.\" \"I appreciate it.\" \"Exactly. No one.\" \"Well, no one appreciates your ugly face.\" \"Really? That's the best you could come up with?\" \"Shut up.\" \"Give me your phone.\" \"Seriously, Stavros? You're going to take my phone?\" \"Yes, I am. Now, give it. You will get this back when you prove that you can use it responsibly.\" \"And how am I supposed to do that if you won't let me use it?\" \"Figure it out.\" \"Brilliant. Now, when I'm on the side of the road in a ditch, I won't even be able to call for help!\" \"I could always ground you too. That way, there's no chance of you ending up in a ditch! \" \"Your threats are pathetic. I think I'll stick to figuring it out, thanks.\" \"Suit yourself.\" So, spring break is over. I might not be updating as frequently as I have been, but I will certainly still be updating! This story WILL get to chapter twenty! REVIEW! XII. The Royce WHAT'S HAPPENING? Courtney and Nikko are over.. for good. DISCLAIMER I do not own Spectacular! or any of its characters. \"Him, Stavros. Of all the people in the world, she chooses him.\" \"Man, you've got to get over this Royce thing.\" \"Do NOT dignify him by using his name!\" \"You've lost it.\" \"No, she's the one who's lost it! She's the one who can't even figure out how big of a creep he really is.\" \"Courtney just needs some time.\" \"You always say that! Why do you always say that?\" \"Why are you so hung up on this whole Royce thing?\" \"Stop saying his name!\" \"I apologize.\" \"This is all his fault!\" \"How is it his fault?\" \"He took her away from me! He's the reason we aren't together anymore!\" \"Nikko, that was her choice.\" \"Don't say that.\" \"It's true, and you know it. But you can't face that, can you? You're still clinging to whatever shred of her you have left, that crazy notion that she'll actually come back to you, that she still cares about you. Well, guess what? She's done, Nikko. She broke up with you. You can whine and you can throw your entire life away for her all you want, but I'm sure as hell not going to sit here and listen to it. You're sixteen. You're going to have a lot of girls in your life. It's been three months since she broke up with you. She's over it. When will you be? Nikko, I'm –\" \"Don't. You're right. I guess I just.. I don't know. I got used to always having her around.\" \"I know this is hard. And I'm sorry. But, now, maybe, you can muster the strength to move on?\" \"Yeah. Tomorrow.\" Read, review, enjoy. Sorry this is so late! Hopefully I'll get a new chapter up soon, though! :) XIII. The Question WHAT'S HAPPENING? Nikko is making a proposition to Stavros. DISCLAIMER I do not own Spectacular! or any of its characters. AUTHOR'S NOTE I am so sorry I haven't updated in so many months! Not that anyone really seems to care... 12 reviews is all? :( But it is now summertime, and I'm hoping to get this thing finished soon! I have also just kind of had my heart broken, so it will be very nice to put some of that into the writing. Courtney/Nikko fans, get ready! \"Can we get a dog?\" \"Can we, what?\" \"A dog, Stavros, can we get a dog?\" \"You are enough of a handful. There is no way I'm cleaning up after another animal.\" \"Ha, very funny. You wouldn't have to do anything! I'd take care of him myself!\" \"No, you wouldn't.\" \"Yes, I would.\" \"No, you wouldn't. You barely even do your homework. You are incapable of taking responsibility!\" \"I can be responsible.\" \"Name one time you've done the responsible thing.\" \"Um, well, there was that one… um –\" \"Exactly. No dog. But I would be open to a house plant!\" Read, review, enjoy! :D ","Summary":" I. The Admiral WHAT'S HAPPENING? Basically, I have it in my mind that Stavros and Nikko's father is"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"I Can't Believe A Single Word","Author":"Kate-Emma","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5451167","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Spectacular! or anyncharacters mentioned in this piece… Song by VHSnor Beta A/N: Dedicated to an entire afternoon ofniCarly, which ended in iFight ShelbynMarx . Don't ask how long it took mento work out Shelby was Tammi (Victoria Justice), let's just say I'mnespecially dumb today! Lyricsnin italics I Can'tnBelieve A Single Word Summary: Complete – Songfic – He was rightn– playing Rock The World by yourself was sad… she just nevernexpected that if he offered to play with her, she'd finally see innhim what she'd always wanted to… :: Janet and Royce. - Shenrocked at this game. Rocked! She could beat out the drums like anprofessional, hit the notes like a singing superstar and was nownshredding her way through Stairway To Heaven like Jimi Hendrix. RocknThe World – she owned it! Too bad that she owned it alone. Caspiannwas studying so couldn't make it out tonight. He was her usualnpartner-in-crime now that her best friend was distracted by a certainnnew rockstar boyfriend. Janet was happy for her bestie, and Nikko andnCourtney were so perfect together, aside the fact it reminded her shenwas horribly alone. Well, she was almost never alone actually. HernSpectacular! team were with her all the time. Since Nationals theynhad grown even closer, drawn together by the possibility of futurensuccess and enjoying all the fun stuff that came with knowing anrecording artist (or four). They were all here now, enjoying a rowdyngame of bowling, but Janet had quickly grown tired of gutter ballsnand retreated to Rock The World, a game she had started to live onnsince Nikko had first introduced her to it all those months ago. Itnwas an escape from reality. She loved music, she loved performing,nbut she hated the pressure. In Rock The World she could perform,nenjoy her music but not have to worry about stuffing up. She got thensong wrong, so what? A quarter later and she could try again. Resetnbuttons were nice. If only her life could have one… Itnhad been two years since she'd joined Spectacular!, following hernbest friend in and never suspecting she could sing like Nikko laternrevealed she could. Back then things had been very different to now.nBack then she'd been shy. Now she was keen to share her opinions.nBack then she second-guessed her own judgement. Now she stood by hernconvictions. Back then she'd fallen for her best friend'snboyfriend. Now… now she wasn't so sure what she felt. RoycenDu Luc: Spectacular! backstabber. Breaker of Courtney's heart.nTa-Da's talented superstar – a huge voice and an ego to match. Henwas the enemy in designer clothing and a BMW. Shencouldn't believe she'd liked him. She couldn't believe a partnof her was convinced she still did. Shenfelt pathetic. Stupid and pathetic. Ofncourse Courtney didn't know about Janet's lingering crush. Shenhadn't known when they were going on and Janet certainly wasn'tngoing to tell her now. The peppy brunette gave a small shudder if youneven mentioned his name. What she'd do if Janet admitted anything?nWell, a small shudder would be a nice hope. It would more likely be anviolent shake and then a trip to the counsellor. A trip that wasnprobably warranted. Soncaught up in her own sanity (or lack thereof), Janet didn't noticenshe'd dropped more than enough chords to get kicked off until thenscreen lit up a bright red 'You Lose'. Janet glared at it beforenre-setting the device with a new quarter. She proceeded to flicknthrough the songlist, not keen to tackle Stairway anytime soon. Thensong was too long and she got distracted by thoughts of… \"PlayingnRock The World by yourself? That's sad.\" Janetnglanced up at the new voice. Him. Speak of the devil and he appears.nCurse this universe. \"Royce.\" Janet's voice took on a strangenconstricted tone as she tried hard to smother surprise and soundndisgusted by his presence. It didn't work and he gave her a smallnfrown. She swallowed deeply and tried again. \"What are you doingnhere?\" \"Inheard the unnecessary murder of Stairway to Heaven and came over toninvestigate. Naturally it's a Spectacular!\" Shendidn't rise to his bait. \"Oh yes, and Ta-Da's would do better?\" \"Probablynnot, but I could.\" \"Donthey get heavy?\" Janet smiled as Royce looked confused. \"Allnthose tabs on yourself? Do they get heavy?\" Henlooked momentarily impressed before putting his designer jacket downnand picking up one of the microphones. \"Go on then, choose a song.\" \"Inthought you were going to outdo me on the guitar?\" Janet said,nignoring as Royce grabbed one of the nearby stands and set up anmicrophone in front of her. \"Now I have to play guitar AND sing?\" \"Well,nif you prefer I go and you can just keep playing by yourself?\" Janetnpunched the key to bring up Random Select. \"Bring it on Du Luc.\"nThe guitar started up long before the words, just her luck a duet,nthankfully one with few female parts. Royce thought he was so clevernso she couldn't wait to see him try and sing a rock song. She wasnsure she'd never heard that from him before having always stuck tonthe safe ballads. But turning away from him, she began the guitarsnuntil the pink line started. \" Heynyou in the middle of the night with the lights on, do you believenthat you could love?\" \" Heynyou with your head up in the clouds and your eyes closed, did younever think we'd grow?\" Janetnglanced back at him for a second and found Royce seated, not evennbothering to get into the song. She was tempted to force him onto thendrums, but knowing the one-talent wonder he'd probably make themnlose. It was safer to leave the drums to the computer. Hernpart was next and she thought it fit so appropriately for Royce sonsung it straight at him. \" Hey you,nthrowing everything away just to save face, and the silence of itnshows.\" Himnagain. \" Hey you, and you could wishnit all away in a heartbeat. But is it free? Free, free, free, free .\"nJanet couldn't stand his smug expression much longer so looked backnto the screen. \" Don't you start,neverybody wants you but you can't say no if you even tried. Whatnyou see inside, if you could believe it, but you can't believe ansingle word. I say to you, would you ever want to walk away from herenif you really loved? \" Janet glancednback at Royce, the words being taken just a little too personal bynhim, his voice constricting under the weight of truth like hers hadnearlier. Was there something more in the line 'would you want tonwalk away from here if you really loved?' than she'd firstnimagined? Or was her naïve hope that under all that arrogance wouldnbe a human, clouding her judgement? She assumed the latter as Roycencontinued. \" Believe now whatever younwant to believe, but you can't believe a word. I said, I can'tnbelieve a word .\" Janet dropped twonnotes as she tried to regain her place and he gave a cold laugh.n\"Losing it already?\" \"Justnshut up and sing Du Luc.\" She snapped back. Janet frowned. StupidnRoyce. How could she have ever thought there was any more to him thannmet the eye? If he were any more one dimensional, he'd be a drawingnon a piece of paper. - She'dnbeen the first thing he'd noticed when he'd walked into thenbowling alley, ignoring the raucous cheers of his old show choir whonwere celebrating that Rock-boy had just rolled two strikes in a row.nWell, older show choir. Now he and Ta-Da had parted ways Royce wasnbetween show choirs. Of course it was only a matter of time before henwas snapped up, he was Royce Du Luc after all, but it was stillnannoying. Nationals hadn't been long ago, but long enough for himnto start wondering if it was time to put his glee club days to restnand start on something more serious – like musicals. There was onlynso far that show choir could take you before you had to step up andnmove on. And right now stepping up and moving on was his plan when henspotted her at Rock The World, staring off into space completelynunaware the game was continuing right in front of her. She'd alwaysnbeen airy like that, it was one of the things that had alwaysnconfused him about Janet. She was smart, brilliant in almost all ofnher subjects, but with that nerd stereotype came shyness. She wasnhorribly shy, debilitatingly so, even on stage. She'd stay at thenback and follow along where necessary, quite happy to stay a tachy.nAnd then Nationals… she'd come out of that shell quickly. Nownhere she was rocking out alone in public sporting jeans shorts sonshort her grey peasant top almost covered them. He'd always thoughtnJanet cute, but not his type. Now, if he were honest, he wasn't sonsure. Thensong, which he'd never heard before now, was getting the better ofnhim. The song's lyrics were too close to home. It said everythingnhe needed to say – he hadn't really wanted to leave Spectacular!nbut his relationship with Courtney had hit a plateau. He'd knownnthat the year before when he'd gone down to sing to the judges, andesperate move and one that gave their rivals Ta-Da the win. But itnhad been a plea for hope. Courtney's dance moves were dull andndidn't work. He did as much as he could to bring new ideas in, butnCourtney didn't listen well to advice. He was knocked down and backnand eventually blamed for their loss at Nationals. So when TamminDyson rocked up at his house with an offer he couldn't possiblynrefuse he jumped at the chance, unaware he'd stepped out of thenfire and into the frying pan. If Courtney was dull and controlling,nTammi was her twin with bigger control issues. It was like workingnfor the puppet-master: jump, stop, clap, sing, turn… yawn. One ofnTa-Da's most talented dancers had muttered she was a lion tamernminus the whip. She'd heard. He was shown the door (and probably anwhip) not long after. Royce still counted his blessings he made itnout alive, even if it had meant sacrificing his precious trophy. Henawoke from his own thoughts to find Janet frowning at him. His linenstarted in three seconds so he raised the microphone quickly. \" Heynyou, still silent in the eyes of the idols, did be believe that youncould know ?\" \" Heynyou, doing everything you can just to blend in, what was there tonshow?\" Roycencouldn't believe Janet had never sung lead soloist before; she wasna natural. Her voice hit the notes like she wasn't even trying. Shenwas his equal, and from him that was a real compliment for he was thenbest male soloist in show choir history – even if he said sonhimself. \" One day, we are neverngonna fear when it's over, until I raise my hand .\" \" Heynyou, you could never know your way like you wanted, just set us free,nus free, us free, free, free, free .\" Roycenattention stayed on Janet as she started a new set of guitar chords,nher tongue sticking just a little out of the side of her lip as shenconcentrated intently on pressing the right coloured buttons at justnthe right time. \" Don't you start,neverybody wants you but you can't say no if you even tried. Whatnyou see inside, if you could believe it, but you can't believe ansingle word. I said, I can't believe a word.\" Thenguitar solo started, a long line of chords and drums. Royce took anseat and watched the bright green, yellow, blue and red lines andnpulses come up. Janet hit every one of them, a smug look on her facenas she threw a flyaway comment back at him. \"Anytimenyou want to step in and show me how it's done.\" Hensmothered a smile and took the last chorus. \" Don'tnyou start, everybody wants you but you can't say no if you evenntried. What you see inside, if you could believe it, but you can'tnbelieve a single word. I say to you, would you ever want to walk awaynfrom here if you really loved? \"nWould he have left if he really loved? No. He hadn't lovednCourtney. He hadn't really loved Spectacular! He'd loved winning.nHe'd loved the feeling of success, the feel of praise. He lovedneverything about it. He loved knowing he was the best. He loved anchallenge. He'dnalways loved a challenge. Rightnnow the girl in front of him was posing just that and he wasnsurprised by how desperately he wanted to win it. \" Believennow whatever you want to believe, but you can't believe a word. Insaid, I can't believe a word .\"nThe song drew to a close as the screen lit up a bright green with thenwords 'You Rock!' flashing across it over the sounds of a verynappreciative audience. \"Well, there we go, we rock.\" - Janetnput down the plastic guitar with a snort. \"I rock, you didn't donanything.\" She looked back at him as she spoke, watching him shrug,nstaying seated like he expected her to challenge him to a new song.n\"So Royce, would you ever want to walk away if you really loved?\"nThe question was openly obscure. If he answered it properly he couldnwin a new challenge, but if not he could give too much away and thusnleave himself open to trouble. Royce Du Luc didn't invite trouble –nit just kinda came with the territory. \"Thatndepends how you look at it.\" Janet sighed. Typical Royce,ndiplomatic in his answers as always. All she wanted from him was onensign he was human, or least remotely guilty about everything he'dndone. She wasn't asking for him to start bawling and begging hisnway back in because that would be far too weird, but something,nanything, would be a welcome change. \"But I guess no. If you weren100% happy and loved then you wouldn't.\" Shendecided to stop beating around the question. \"Why did you leave?nWhy did you go join the ice cold demon creature…\" Janet stoppednbefore she couldn't Tammi Dyson names unsuitable for ears. Roycenjust chuckled at the explanation of his ex. \"You forgetn'conniving'.\" Janet gave him a blank look. \"I wanted to win.nI didn't think about anyone else. Courtney and I were havingnproblems, we weren't winning and I was bored, so I left. I know itnwas selfish, but it was leave or let a fight tear Spectacular! apart.nI didn't want either, but then Tammi's offer came up and it wasntoo good to refuse. Plus it solved the problem.\" \"No,nit made a new problem: we were down a lead male soloist.\" \"Which,nin turn, made the happy couple over there.\" Royce thumbed backntowards the lanes, not really looking at where he was pointing. Henwas a little off the mark, but Janet knew who he was pointing to. \"Sonin the end things turned out fine didn't they?\" \"Exceptnthat Tammi Dyson got a trophy she didn't deserve.\" Roycenshrugged. \"If you can live with it, I can… try and find a way tonsteal it back.\" Janet chuckled. \"So, do you forgive me?\" \"Whyndo you care what I think?\" Her eyebrows lowered with a slightnwarning and Royce backpedalled. \"Indon't, just wondering.\" \"Well,nit's not up to me, but I'm very prepared to give you a secondnchance…\" Royce started to smile then Janet thrust the guitar innhis face, \"to prove you're better then me like you say you are,\"nshe finished. Roycenstood, dropping the strap over his shoulder. \"Bring it on…\" henrealised he didn't know Janet's last name. \"Wait, what's yournlast name?\" \"Chan-Kent.\" \"Ohnyeah, right, I knew that…\" he punched the console in front ofnhim, bringing Random Selection up again. \"Bring it on Chan-Kent.\"nThe game whirred into life, flicking through a new list of songs fornthe perfect one as Royce looked back at Janet. \"I am sorry for whatnI did to Spectacular! You do believe that right?\" Janetnshrugged. \"We'll see.\" Then, picking up the microphone, shenmotioned to the console. \"Let's do this.\" \"I'mnthe guitar master, you're going down.\" Janetnscoffed. \"Sure sure, I can't believe a single word…\" then thensong began and they fell back into it, absorbed in their ownnthoughts. She wondered how a game could prove her hopes so right. Henwas wondering how a game could open his eyes to what was right innfront of them. Both were wondering when Random Selection would giventhem a song they could get lost in together… one they could laterncall theirs… just in case… ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Spectacular! or anyncharacters mentioned in this piece… Song by VHSnor Beta"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Jazz Hands","Author":"Dancing-StarryEyedDemigod","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5134000","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Obviously, I don't own Spectacular? Please no flaming. Everything can change, when you least expect it. Can't stop what you can't control, gotta learn how to just let go. Everything can change, no you can't perfect it. Some things you can't explain. Everything can change. \"Courtney...\" \"Nikko.\" \"This is...\" \"Spectacular?\" My boyfriend looked around the room full of people and took a deep breath \"Yeah,\" he breathed. \"Spectacular.\" He looked down at me. I glanced up at him and touched his cheek with my fingertips. He smiled and grabbed my hand, pulling me into a kiss. Our friends clapped and cheered, and I laughed despite recent events. I guess I should explain. My name is Courtney Lane. 6 months ago, a boy name Nikko Alexander caught my eye. At the time, I had no feelings for him, or any desire to have feelings for him. I just wanted him in my show choir. At first, he was completely against it. But he needed the money. So he joined. Okay, long story short, over the next 16 weeks the choir practiced, learned some new things, taught dances, dealt with drama, had a Spectacular performance, got a record deal, and somewhere along the way we all became friends, and Nikko and I became a 'thing.' And that was an extremely long story short. Anyways, Nikko and I have been 'dating' for 2 months. Today is his birthday. So the show choir and I planned a surprise party for him (he loves surprises- I don't) and he's about to start enjoying it. I, being the control freak I am (though don't tell the 'Tackies I said that), will make him enjoy it, even if he doesn't want to. Janet pushed a cart that held a thousand paper plates and plastic forks (plus a huge birthday cake that read \"Happy 17th Birthday Nikko\" in red icing) into the recording studio, which was where the surprise party was. Caspian put his arm around Janet's shoulder and smoothly took a lighter from her. She blushed as he lit all 17 candles, one right after the other. \"You guys,\" Nikko said, embarrassed. \"You didn't have to do this for me\" \"Yes we did,\" Robin said, pushing through the crowd to stand next to Nikko. \"Yeah, you're our friend,\" Tajid said in his foreign accent, making Nikko smile. Tajid started beat boxing and we broke into a huge production of \"Happy Birthday,\" including harmonizing and a few dance moves here and there. Everyone started cheering. \"Make a wish!\" I shouted to him over the noise. He smiled at me then took a deep breath and blew out his candles. \"What'd ya wish for?\" Caspian shouted. \"Now, if I told you, it wouldn't come true, am I right?\" Nikko replied, putting his arm around my waist and giving me a side-hug. I took a giant butcher knife from Robin and handed it to Nikko as he sliced his cake down the middle. People broke off into side-conversations as Nikko cut the cake into 36 practically identically sized pieces. People grabbed the piece they wanted as Nikko took his finger to his piece and scraped the icing off it. Before I knew what was happening, I had icing all over my nose. People gasped, expecting me to get mad. I was. At first. But when you spend most of your time with Nikko, you get tired of being mad all the time. So what I did instead was scrape the icing off my nose and throw it at him. It landed perfectly, If I do say so myself. He smiled, and the red icing all over his mouth made him look like he had lipstick on. I laugh as he scraped more icing off his cake and smeared it on my cheek. Someone yelled \"Cake fight!\" And chocolate cake and icing started flying. \"What a way to waste a perfectly good cake!\" Janet shouted. Tajid's icing hit her in the face, and she laughed. \"Who says we're not gonna eat it?\" Nikko said, his mouth full of chocolate cake and the icing from it in his hand. When you think about it, it was really disgusting, what we were doing. But we were having so much fun, we just kind of forgot about the disgusting factor. Caspian threw a piece of cake at Zach. I threw some at Janet. \"Wow, what a way to celebrate,\" declared an arrogant voice. I would recognize it anywhere. Everyone stopped cold. Robin had her icing-filled hand inches from my back. I was about to attack Nikko. Caspian was behind Janet and had her stuck, with his arms around her to keep her from moving. I suddenly felt the icing on my cheek and in my hair drying. I turned my head towards the doorway of the studio and saw someone standing there who I never wished to see again. \"I can't believe I wasn't invited,\" Royce said condescendingly, taking slow steps straight towards me. \"You know it's not a party without me.\" He stopped in front of me, inches away from my face. I self-consciously wiped some of the icing off of my face and awkwardly repositioned the way I was standing. Why, oh why, didn't I put on mascara today? I felt like Royce could see right through me. \"Go away, Royce,\" Janet snapped. \"Yeah, I thought you were gone for good,\" Caspian added. Royce smirked. \"Well, Courtney?\" Unfortunately, I couldn't think of what to say. I couldn't breathe. Why was it that whenever Royce was around, I couldn't control my emotions? He made me so angry. And anger is only one letter short of danger. \"Back off, Glee Club Gnome ,\" Nikko mocked, stepping in front of me, blocking my vision. \"Make me, Rock Boy .\" \"Do I seriously have to do this again?\" I asked, stepping around Nikko and placing myself in between the two boys. \"Can you not fight? Please?\" The boys stared threateningly at each other before Nikko broke eye contact and spun around, pounding his fist into the wall. I turned towards Royce. \"What do you want?\" I asked him. \"Yeah, what could you possibly want from her?\" Nikko shouted. \"Haven't you already taken more than enough?\" I'd noticed that Nikko caught on to things fast. \"Relax, man,\" Royce said smoothly. He sighed and threw a pleading look at me. \"Tammi kicked me out of TaDa a few months ago,\" he said slowly. \"And I thought I'd be okay without show choir, but I'm not.\" \"And?\" Janet asked expectantly. \"And I'd like to know If I can be a 'Tackie again.\" \"In your dreams!\" Robin shouted. Zach held her back by her shoulder. My head started spinning. This is what I wanted a long time ago. I wanted Royce back in Spectacular. And now that everything settled down, now that we found a happy medium between work and play, now that I was finally happy with a boy, Royce had to come back and mess it all up. I took a deep breath. \"Let us sleep on it,\" I said. There were groans of complaint and people saying 'what?!' in outrage. But I had made my decision. \"Are you serious, Courtney?\" Nikko said, looking me in the eye. \"This guy-\" \"Let us sleep on it,\" I interrupted, holding up my hand to stop Nikko. \"Okay?\" Royce smiled. Why did I have to be so stubborn? And that's the first chapter. I love this movie ;] Please review? ","Summary":" Obviously, I don't own Spectacular? Please no flaming. Everything can change, when you least expect"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Keep On, Keepin' On","Author":"Oh So Cliche","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4883185","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: The band in the aftermath of kicking Nikko out. Amy struts, Niles worries and Eric freaks the hell out. Niles/Eric. Slash. One-shot. Warnings: For serious, serious potty mouth - they're teenage boys. So it's not-so-nice language. A lot worse than a few 'damn's and 'shit's. So if that bothers, please to be stepping off, pleases and thank yous. Also, slash . Boy kissing. AN: Yeah, so, um. Probably going to end up slashing some more characters from this movie. It's almost too easy. Enjoyed the movie and music, characters were very cute. I dunno, I just really liked these guys. Plus, Amy's such an uber bitch, she's way too fun to write. - keep on, keepin' on - \"Dude,\" Niles broke the silence. \"We weren't like, too harsh or anything, right?\" He didn't take his eyes from the road, but Eric could tell he was trying not to fidget and look back for Nikko. He frowned. \"Nah man, Nikko deserved what he got,\" he said, more firmly than he actually felt. \"It's for the good of the group, you know that.\" Niles gave a short nod, but he looked as uncertain as Eric felt. Eric wished he had better words to assure Niles of their decision, but Niles was the creative, talented one. His lyrics spoke to everyone, half the reason they had any fans at all - Eric was just the drums. They glanced at each other in the rearview mirror, Eric offering a half smile and a shrug. Niles returned it briefly before returning his concentration to the road. Eric just hoped they had done the right thing. Amy had called the meeting, but maybe they should've given him another chance. Or at least talked to him. Maybe making Nikko work to pay off the amp would have shown him that they were serious. Maybe… Amy snorted and all eyes fell to her - just like she wanted it. \"Yeah, don't be such a pussy Ni, Nikko's old news anyway.\" She flipped her hair. \"I'll sing for the group until we can find a new vocalist.\" Niles' eyes shot to the rearview mirror, immediately meeting Eric's gaze, which was both horrified and disgusted. \"…You'll sing?\" Niles said, trying not to sound too incredulous. You piss off Amy, your ass was grass - she was one cold hearted bitch. Just look what she'd done to Nikko not ten minutes ago. Eric was less polite. \"Amy, you suck,\" he said bluntly, sticking his head over the front seat to stare at her on the passenger side. \"Niles will sing until we find someone new.\" Amy's eyes narrowed and she opened her mouth, undoubtedly to release a string of words so nasty and offensive, Eric almost ducked in reflex. \"You would say that, standing up for your faggy little boyfriend. Fucking f-\" \"We're here,\" Niles said, his voice cool enough to cut steel. \"We'll talk Flux tomorrow.\" He spoke with command, something he did rarely - only when Amy or Nikko got so far out of line they were walking in figure eights. Listening to him, you could almost believe he'd started the band and kept them on track for nearly a year, through Nikko's posturing and Amy's bitching. \"Yeah, yeah,\" Amy sneered. \"Until tomorrow boys.\" She said boys with the same venom she'd say 'fag', so Eric knew that's what she meant. Niles only waited till she'd slammed the door behind her before peeling away from the curb. That's when Eric knew he was pissed - Niles always waited till everyone got into their house, especially Amy. It was part manners, part protective instinct. Keeping what was important to him safe. They hurtled down the streets of the suburb with a little more reckless abandon than usual. Waiting until they were on a long, straight stretch of road, Eric flipped himself over the front seat to settle on the passenger side. Niles swore good naturedly under his breath - he hated when Eric did that. So fucking irresponsible. The silence settled in the car again, almost overwhelming. Eric waited for Niles to speak - he was better at it anyway. \"Now I'm doubting our decision,\" Niles admitted, taking a wide turn back onto the parkway; Eric lived across town. \"Listening to her always seems like a great idea until…\" he trailed off, scowling. \"Until you actually listen to her,\" Eric finished, smirking slightly. Niles snorted slightly and Eric felt some of the tension relax out of his shoulders. \"She's right about one thing though,\" Niles muttered, \"We're gonna need a new vocalist, and soon.\" He sighed. \"Maybe we should just let her sing until we find someone. I almost think it's not worth the bullshit that we're gonna have to deal with twenty-four/seven until we get someone.\" Eric was shaking his head even before Niles finished. \"No way, no how Niles, she may be an incredible bitch, but she's a fucking banshee with a mic. We'll lose half our gigs the second she starts singing.\" \"Yeah, but I'm not much better-\" Niles stated, but Eric scoffed and interrupted, refusing to let him finish that. \"You're a trillion times better than her Ni, you know that.\" There was a long pause, where Eric stared meaningfully at Niles, daring him to disagree on pain of death. \"Y-Yeah, I guess,\" Niles allowed, frowning. \"But not as good as Nikko.\" Eric couldn't argue with that. No one was as good as Nikko, the arrogant little shit. Though, he'd been a talented , arrogant little shit, and their talented arrogant little shit - Eric meant that with the most affection possible. Maybe in a couple weeks, they'd manage to be friends again. His gaze settled on Niles and he grinned automatically. \"Yeah, but I love you anyway.\" He tried to smirk and sound casual, humorous, flippant - just trying to lighten the mood, didn't care a bit about Niles' response, not one bit. Unfortunately, it'd come out rather more sincere and heartfelt than he'd wanted it to, though. Fuck , he was such a twat. He tried not to die completely of humiliation and briefly considered suicide by drumsticks. Niles' glance flicked over to him for a second and Eric tried not to flush. It was a long moment before a small, shy smile crossed Niles' face. \"Yeah, you'd better,\" he'd said quietly, just as awkwardly as Eric had, but smiling still, studiously not looking over into the passenger seat. Eric tried to keep from smiling like a complete fucktard, but he failed. Miserably. They sat in pleased, if awkward silence for the next couple minutes before Niles drew up beside his house. Eric glanced at it before his gaze traveled back to Niles. \"Home sweet dump,\" he murmured, smiling slightly. Niles returned the expression awkwardly and slightly more reluctantly. \"I'll pick you up tomorrow for practice?\" he asked after a long moment of silence, mostly rhetorically, because it was a given that Eric needed a ride everywhere. Eric nodded quickly, feeling uncomfortable in his own skin and slightly stupid around Niles \"Yeah,\" he said, as if the spastic nodding hadn't clued Niles into his answer. \"So, um, tomorrow then, I guess, yeah?\" Niles nodded jerkily back, fingers clenching and unclenching around the steering wheel. They stared at each other for one long, awkward second before Eric forced himself to lean forward and press a kiss to Niles' lips. They were cool, and slightly chapped, but the breath Niles' huffed out in surprise was hot against his mouth. Eric pulled away a second later, trying not to look as terrified as he felt. They'd only been doing this for about a week and a half. This…thing, whatever it was. This thing where they became retards around each other and kissed occasionally when no one was near by and sort of acted like idiots whenever the other person came up in conversation. Eric was pretty sure they were dating, but being around Niles freaked him the fuck out, so he could never be entirely certain. Niles' looked both stricken and thrilled. There was a long moment before Eric decided it was way past time to escape and fumbled with the door handle. A hand caught his arm just as he slid out of the van. He turned and this time it was Niles' lips that met his, though a lot less hesitantly. \"Fuck,\" he managed to get out, before lips that were growing steadily more and more familiar sealed over his own and fuck this was the kiss he'd been waiting for. The one that wasn't awkward and hurried and constantly tasting of fear and freaking the fuck out. This one said hey, i want to get to know your tonsils a lot better, mind if i stop by for a sec? When Niles finally broke away, Eric was greeted with a hesitant but definite smile. \"So, um, tomorrow?\" he said hoarsely, sounding more hopeful than he'd really wanted, but there was no taking it back now. It was official, he was a twelve year old girl. \"Tomorrow,\" Niles said, just as gruffly, which made Eric relax a little. At least he wasn't the only one affected. There was a very long pause in which neither of them moved. \"You realize this makes us the fags Amy accuses us of being?\" Eric smirked, sounding like he cared not at all. \"Well I guess that's better in the long run,\" Niles said thoughtfully, smirking down at his friend. \"You know how she loves being right and all.\" Eric snorted and finally forced himself to step away from the van and close the door. \"So… tomorrow,\" Niles said, looking a little awkward again. \"Said that already,\" Eric reminded him, smirking. \"Shut the fuck up,\" Niles muttered, blushing a little. \"Yeah, yeah, go fuck yourself,\" Eric replied, laughing a little. With that, he turned his back on the van and headed up the walk, feeling a hell of a lot better than he had for weeks. Fuck, c'mon , he had tomorrow to look forward to. - AN : Please review! Let me know if it sucked or not. :D Oh, and a note. Amy uses the word 'faggy' - definitely not something I'd ever say, or ever think was appropriate to say. So basically this is my ' I do not necessarily share the opinions of all of the characters in this piece just because I wrote 'em' disclaimer. Other than that, hope you enjoyed. ^_^ -B ","Summary":" Summary: The band in the aftermath of kicking Nikko out. Amy struts, Niles worries and Eric freaks "},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Names","Author":"Syncopate","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4918928","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Names Stavros knows a lot of people with weird names. For example, there's him. Stavros. It sounds like a bone or a country or a last name, not something you would call your best friend or your Dad or your little brother. He's had people ask him what his first name was, or assume it's Alexander and he put his names backwards. But for Stavros, he's just Stavros. It's him, it's his name, an odd trait in someone who can sometimes be depressingly normal and overbearing. And he likes his name—it's interesting, it's different. And then there's his little brother. Nikko. He's seen it a few times, once on T. V. as someone's dog's name—not something someone would want to be named after. He can tell it's different because he had to add it to his computer's dictionary, a sure sign it's not normal. Stavros knows that Nikko loves his name. It has that clicking \"k\" sound and the long \"o\" at the end that makes it sound like Nicko, but not as nicknameish. It's is a different kind of name, a rock star name that's perfect because it's different but not too different, normal but not too normal. Another one is Tajid. He's not sure where exactly that one comes from—the Middle East, at least—but there's no denying that it's different. If Jack Bauer met Tajid, he'd arrest him as soon as he heard that name. Stavros doesn't know Tajid that well, just that he's a great beatboxer. He doesn't get along very well with most of the Taccies, for obvious reasons. But there's one other odd name among them—Caspian. Stavros laughs, at least mentally, every time he hears it—the poor guy got stuck with the same name as a famous Narnian prince. Caspian and Stavros aren't the best of friends, but from what Stavros knows, Caspian isn't that bad—just really theatrical at times. This kind of fits, because besides sounding like someone from Narnia, the name sounds like something a soap opera star would have. Yeah, Stavros knows a lot of people with weird names. But that's okay. Because they fit. ","Summary":" Names Stavros knows a lot of people with weird names. For example, there's him. Stavros. It sounds "},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Spectacular! Takes The Spades","Author":"inluvwithcru","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5086675","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When I was walking from the auditorium with my arm around Nikko, I heard Royce calling my name from across campus. Nikko kindly rolled his eyes, but he allowed me to talk to him. He stepped back. Royce said: \"Courtney, I was thinking that maybe you and I could get together tonight.\" \"Listen, Captain Cardboard, Courtney is my girlfriend,\" Nikko replied. \"Oh, Nikko. You could come, too,\" Royce laughed. \"Royce, what are you trying to pull?\" I asked. He waved a random pink flyer in my face. Nikko said: \"What the heck is this?\" \"It's Show Choir Poker Night tonight!\" Royce announced enthusiastically. \"Uh, what is that?\" Nikko asked. \"Show choirs play poker for money and winner takes all,\" I explained, receiving a quiet \"Oh.\" \"You mean, I actually get to whoop your tail in something and NOT get disqualified for showing up late?\" Nikko asked. \"If you got the game, Rock Boy,\" he replied. \"Wait, Ta-Da has sixteen members, we only have thirteen. That's unfair competition,\" I interrupted. \"The band doesn't have a show tonight. And since I have them practically begging me to come back, they owe me a favor,\" Nikko replied. \"We bring ours, you bring yours. You're bringing the cards, Rock Boy. Meet us tonight at the auditorium, 7:30,\" Royce said. \"We'll be there,\" Nikko replied. I could see that this was going to be one long night of competition between Nikko and Royce, and possibly me and Tammi and Amy. Here we go. ","Summary":" When I was walking from the auditorium with my arm around Nikko, I heard Royce calling my name from"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Falling for you!","Author":"IheartPRSamuraiJayden","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4895745","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: This is a simple one-shot for the Nickelodeon Original Movie, Spectacular! because I really enjoyed it. Please read, hope you like it!! Review! Summary: A poem expressing Courtney's feelings for Nikko (post-Spectacular!) Pairings: Nikko&Courtney; Disclaimer: I do not own Spectacular!(damn!! I really wish I could!! cuz Nikko is so HOT!!) Falling for you As your soft skin glows and your green eyes shine I feel like a cloud floating in the sky as I think all the things that we've been through I start to feel as I've fallen for you every time I see you walking my heart starts running over and over it goes again I just can't seem to get you outta my head I gotta stop, I really do cuz I feel as if you knew all these feelings I have for you I love everything of you; your hair your eyes even the way you speak your voice to me is a melody together in harmony And I long to hear those 3 words \"I love you\" ","Summary":" Author's Note: This is a simple one-shot for the Nickelodeon Original Movie, Spectacular! because I"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"EGIRLYS' Lucas & Michelle","Author":"EGIRLY","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4906285","Passage":"[Chapter 1] EGIRLYS' Lucas+Michelle I know its title's like Romeo + Juliet , because its alot like it. Summary: It's been many years since Spectacular! and Ta-Da! competed together. Some how Tammi and Royce ended up getting married after the break-up while they were senors. The couple they were competing against , Nikko and Courtney also got married. What I left out is that the feud continued and they still hated this story is not about the those people its about two others. Lucas Daniel Alexander , the son of Courtney and Nikko who is a senor himself. And Michelle Victoria Curtis (Royce's last name in real life , I just used it here as well) a young freshman who is beautiful on the inside and out. This is the story of two people who may or may not overcome the odds . Will they survive or will they fall ? Trailer Nikko and Courtney Alexander Perfect family right? Shows Nikko , Courtney , and Lucas going bowling one night. Flashes to Courtney helping Lucas with homework. What about Tammi and Royce? Shows Tammi and Royce fighting , while their daughter Michelle to Michelle doing her science fair projects alone. Lucas is in his last year of High School Shows Lucas looking at collage acceptance letters. Michelle is a freshman Shows Michelle trying to find her way around the school. One fatal day will change their lives forever, only thing they don't know it. Shows Courtney and Nikko getting some pizza when they run into Tammi and to them starting to fight. What happens when the two children run into each other. \"Sorry\" A girl said to Lucas while dropping her books. \"Here let me help\" He said bending down, he looked up to the girl looking into her eyes. Will their love prevail or not? Shows them flirting in the corridor of the school. Flashes to them fighting. find out in ...... EGIRLYS' Lucas + Michelle Starring Alyson Stoner as Michelle Curtis Joe Jonas as Lucas Alexander Nolan Gererard Funk as Nikko Alexander Simon Curtis as Royce Curtis Tammin Sursok as Courtney Alexander Victoria Justice as Tammi Curtis and Demi Lovato as Sandy Torres ","Summary":" EGIRLYS' Lucas+Michelle I know its title's like Romeo + Juliet , because its alot like it. Summary:"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Hum","Author":"Syncopate","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4882192","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hum I don't own Spectacular!, just the story. Of course they had to come in at the same time. Of course Courtney would be trapped in the same building, alone, with Nikko Alexander. And of course he would be humming that stupid song. It took Courtney a minute to figure out he was humming \"Break My Heart.\" And then she had to shut him up. \"Will you stop humming that song? It's like it's about me or something when you do it.\" Nikko smiled and hummed louder. \"Nikko? It's...not, is it?\" she asked, suspicious. He smiled wider, launching the song into its chorus. Courtney really hated that song. ","Summary":" Hum I don't own Spectacular!, just the story. Of course they had to come in at the same time. Of co"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Much Ado about Nothing","Author":"wegotthelove","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7361013","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So, this is what God must have been experiencing before he made the world . It was completely silent and dark, almost to the point of driving one insane. In any normal circumstance, I probably would have gone crazy by now, but for some reason, I felt awfully calm. My body felt like it was steadily sinking in water. I could feel my hair ballooning out around me, certain strands touching my skin. I didn't think I was dead. I was breathing, and if I was dead, there would have been no reason to inhale and exhale. That meant that I was still alive, though, and I wasn't sure if I was even that anymore either. So, if I wasn't dead or alive, what did that mean ? Wait, if I could breathe , then I wasn't underwater. If I wasn't underwater, then what was this? My feet touched solid ground gently. My clothes settled around me, silky and soft on my skin. I distantly heard chattering and laughing, along with the clinking of dishes. The noise seemed so foreign after the long while in dimness and muteness. My eyelashes fluttered against my skin as I tried to clear my vision. Everything was a swirl of colors, my head whirling a bit throughout the confusion. \"Miss?\" Someone – a man, I assumed – asked, and I felt a hand on my shoulder. I jumped away from the touch, gasping a little. The sounds grew louder, and finally, everything came together. As I took in my surroundings, everything seemed so much more complicated than just floating in nothingness. I didn't remember entering a house; nor did I remember putting up this dress on. It was a pale golden color, along with a corset that was so tightly tied around my stomach that it restricted my breathing quite a bit. I reached up to touch my hair, just to make sure that it wasn't floating around. It seemed to be in a sort of fashion piled on the top of my head. My fingers ghosted towards the hair in tendrils around my face. I glanced around, my eyes wide and my knees feeling about to give out from right underneath me. Everyone seemed to be talking amongst themselves, the women swishing in their skirts and smiling while the men, oddly proper, responded to the flirtatious smiles that were sent their way. \"Miss?\" The same voice said again, this time a worried tone to it. I turned towards the man standing beside me, seemingly concerned. His gloved hand was still poised in the air, as if contemplating whether or not to try and touch my shoulder again. \"Are you all right?\" The man asked, placing his hands behind his back. He seemed like a nice man, quite a bit older than me. His face had a few wrinkles on his face, signaling the first signs of aging. \"Yes, thank you.\" I replied, and once the sound was out of my mouth, I nearly choked. That was not my voice. I did not have a British accent. That much I knew. \"Sir, do you know where we are?\" I asked nervously. Sir? Since when did I talk like this? This was not right, not right at all. \"Ah, yes.\" The man replied, gesturing for me to follow him. I did so, smiling politely at everyone who smiled at me, nodding at those who did so towards myself, also. \"We are at the Shaw residence, Miss…?\" he trailed off in a question, looking at me expectantly. After skipping a beat, I realized he was asking for my name. \"DeWolfe.\" I said, surprised at how easily the surname rolled over my tongue. Was that really my name? It sounded so foreign, yet so familiar at the same time. I decided that it was, and the man nodded in approval. \"May I ask why we are at the Shaw residence?\" I asked, and the man turned to look at me. The lines between his eyes were a bit more prominent, marking his misunderstanding. \"This gathering is for Robert coming home safely.\" \"Robert?\" \"Robert Shaw.\" The man clarified, smiling at me warmly. \"Their son.\" \"Where was he before this?\" I felt horribly uninformed and puzzled. Nothing made sense. Surely, if I was should be here, this would have jogged my memory somewhat? The man was still smiling with a sort of pity in his eyes. It was obvious that he thought I was somewhat mental. Maybe I was. I knew I didn't belong here, but I couldn't quite place where I was supposed to be. \"He was at war, Miss DeWolfe.\" The man let out a chuckle, his eyes sparkling in what I could easily interpret as amusement. \"Oh, that's wonderful.\" I said absentmindedly, ignoring the strange glance that I got from the man. My eyes were watching another young man descend the spiral stairs. He seemed a bit older than me, maybe in his early twenties. His dark hair was combed, and his eyes were a deep brown, however, they seemed empty and he looked vaguely jumpy. I felt a rush of sympathy wash over me, as his gaze connected with mine. I smiled a little, and he returned the expression before continuing stepping down to floor-level. \"It seems you've already picked him out of the crowd.\" The man was smiling knowingly at me now, as if he knew exactly what was going through my mind. \"Excuse me,\" I whispered, touching the man's arm politely. He nodded and allowed me to walk away. When no one was watching, I made my escape. My mind was whirling again, and I knew that I needed to breathe. I slipped out the double-doors, stepping down the porch stairs. I slowly made my way towards the iron-bar fence. I gripped the iron bars, staring out at nothingness. Why was this so hard to understand? All I really knew about myself now was that my last name was DeWolfe, I now had a British accent that I was sure was not there before, and that this was not my home. I wasn't even sure if this was my era . \"What year is it?\" I mumbled to myself, trying desperately still to make sense of all this. It was either a very elaborate prank, or an incredibly realistic dream, I finally decided. \"1861.\" A voice answered from behind me. I let out a little shriek, whipping around to look at the new arrival. To my surprise, it was Robert. He looked like he was about to be sick, but tried to smile at me graciously all the same. \"Excuse me?\" I blinked at him, trying to calm my speeding heart. I really didn't know why I was so jumpy; the only reason I could think of was that I was simply in an unfamiliar environment. \"The year,\" Robert explained, walking over to stand beside me. His gloved hands reached out to grab the iron bars, mirroring my stance. \"is 1861.\" \"Oh,\" I replied faintly before I really realized what he said. \" Oh, no.\" He side-glanced at me and his eyes seemed dance with amusement. I was happy that I was able to entertain him, even if it was at my own expense. \"You seem a bit distressed,\" he observed. \"Did I startle you?\" \"Yes, a bit.\" I admitted, letting a sheepish smile form on my features. His own grin grew wider at my expression, and it no longer seemed forced. Whatever had been bothering him, I seemed to have gotten it off of his mind, even if it was momentarily. \"I apologize, Miss...My God, how rude of me. I haven't even gotten your name.\" He cocked his head at me in a question, and I began to panic a little. I wracked my mind for an acceptable answer, when finally, a name popped up. \"Adelina DeWolfe, sir.\" I did somewhat of a bow-slash-curtsy, trying to conceal the wide beam on my face. I knew my name. That was my name. Oh, hallelujah! A few pieces of the puzzle had finally fit themselves together. \"Please, call me Robert.\" Robert seemed very entertained by talking to me, and I felt a blush color my cheeks. I must have been making a complete fool of myself. Here I was, speaking to some man who was obviously very influential in this time – or, at least, was from a very influential family - or else no one would have cared had he returned from war or not, and he was probably thinking how silly I was. \"Robert.\" I repeated quietly, returning my gaze away from him. I heard him sigh and shift positions from foot to foot, and I knew that whatever had been troubling him was back in his mind and agitating him even more. I took a deep breath before deciding to intervene. \"Robert?\" I turned back towards him. He met my stare, raising his eyebrows in a bit of a question. \"Are you all right?\" \"Yes.\" Robert answered automatically. He looked down at his hands that were still holding the fence. He released his death-hold and flattened his palms against the outside of his thighs before sighing and turning back towards me. \"Actually, no.\" I was silent, avoiding his gaze because I wasn't sure how to respond. Was I supposed to egg him on, or would that have been considered rude? Was I supposed to just let it go, or would that have been conceived as impolite, also? So, instead of saying anything, I just looked at him searchingly. If he didn't want to talk about it any longer, that was fine. \"I've been promoted to colonel,\" he took a deep breath before continuing. \"of the 54th Massachusetts Infantry.\" \"That's wonderful.\" I beamed at him, but the expression faltered when I saw him smile weakly at the trees in front of him. \"Isn't it?\" \"Yes.\" Robert confirmed quietly, swallowing thickly and staring straight ahead as if determined to not make eye-contact with me. \"It is to be the first colored regiment.\" He glanced at me then, as if expecting me to run away screaming. I just looked at him blankly, letting my eyelashes flutter to communicate my confusion. \"A regiment is a unit of one-thousand soldiers.\" Robert explained, as if he believed that was what I didn't understand. \"I am aware of that, thank you very much,\" I snapped, a little offended that he believed I was really so incompetent as to not know what a regiment was. Robert seemed taken aback, and hastily I added, \"sir.\" Robert blinked a few times, stunned at my sharp answer. Then, he smirked. \"I apologize.\" He said softly. Before I could answer, we heard footsteps approaching, and Robert turned towards the intruder. It was another man, a few inches taller than Robert. His dirty hair was matted to his forehead, and his grin seemed drunk, the bottle of wine confirming my suspicions. The clothing he wore was ruffled and messy, and his bow-tie was loosely tied around his neck. \"What's the matter, Robert? Too much punch?\" The man asked, laughing as if that was the most hilarious thing in the world. Robert chuckled nervously, before shifting away from the man. The smile had suddenly turned forced on his face. I nearly choked at the smell of alcohol on the man's breath, but I simply coughed. That caught the man's attention, and he smiled at me. \"Hello, there, Princess.\" \"Hello.\" I replied politely, nodding at him in acknowledgement. \"Who might this be?\" The man asked Robert, his speech very obviously slurred now. \"She's quite gorgeous.\" I ducked my head to hide my blush, and Robert chuckled again at my bashfulness. \"This is Adelina DeWolfe,\" Robert introduced me, smiling widely. \"Adelina? This… strapping young man -\" he winked at me then, and I bit back a laugh. \"- is Cabot.\" \"I prefer Forbes, actually. You should know that.\" Forbes teased Robert before holding out a hand for me to shake. I took his firmly, and Forbes seemingly lost interest in me. He faced Robert again, and the two began to talk about the regiment. My mind wandered elsewhere, until I heard Robert say, \"My mother is insisting that I have someone help me.\" This sparked my interest, and I tuned back into the conversation, blinking once. I could be good at helping. Besides, it was a war. I'd always wanted to be in the military, hadn't I? I'd always wanted to be in the military . The thought occurred to me, making my heart soar. I had remembered that I'd always wanted to be in the military. Yet another piece in the metaphorical puzzle of my previous life fit together, but the riddle was still very far from being solved. Forbes put on a shocked face, slapping his hand on his chest in a joking manner. \"What about me? I am perfectly capable of being at your aide, Colonel Shaw.\" \"Not if you're always drunk, you're not.\" Robert laughed as a genuinely puzzled expression crossed his friend's face. \"Robert?\" I said suddenly, calling all attention to me. Forbes and Robert looked at me curiously, and I swallowed nervously, clasping my hands together. \"I'd like to be your assistant, if you'll permit it.\" The words scrambled out of my mouth and I immediately wished to take them back as the two men faced me, all signs of joking lost. The silence was deafening. Robert's mouth dropped open in a very ungentlemanly way, and Forbes placed his hand under the shorter man's jaw to close it, but he too looked quite shocked, his sea-colored eyes wide. \"You're not serious, are you?\" Forbes asked. \"Princess, I'm not sure if you are aware of this, but there is a war going on at the moment.\" \"I am perfectly aware of that, thank you very much. I am not as incompetent as you seem to think, you know.\" I said sharply. Forbes seemed to like this reaction, and he smirked. \"I don't believe that you are ready for a soldier's life, Princess.\" Forbes chuckled. \"Well, I'm not going to be on the battlefield, now, am I, sir ?\" I pointed out, spitting out the title as if it were a horrible insult. \"I'll be Robert's assistant – unless, of course, you are envious of someone else consuming all his attention?\" Forbes' smirk grew wider, and he clapped Robert on the back. \"I like her, Rob.\" He declared. \"You should agree to have her be your aide. I'm sure that it would be pleasant having her around.\" The shorter man's eyelids blinked once, then twice, as if he really wasn't sure what to say. He looked at me, then back at Forbes in uncertainty. \"Miss DeWolfe,\" he said, his dark eyes trained on me. \"are you positively sure that you want to join us? The army is hardly any place for –\" \"A woman?\" I replied. \"Or, as Forbes so kindly put it, a princess? \" Forbes choked back a laugh. \"With all due respect, if I'm not able to fight because of my gender, I would like to be able to do something to assist you.\" With an afterthought, I quickly added, \"Sir.\" Robert nodded slowly, not saying anything for a while. I watched him intently. Forbes had once again lost interest in me, and his eyes were now trailing a brightly-colored butterfly as it fluttered in disorganized patterns. Finally, the dark-haired man sighed, rubbing his eyes tiredly. \"If you're positive –\" \"I am.\" \"Then it's settled.\" Robert said, clasping his hands behind his back. \"Miss DeWolfe, we depart for camp tomorrow at dawn. Do not be late.\" With that, he turned on his heel and stalked away, leaving me to bask in the glory of finally living my dream. oh, i must say, i am really excited about this story. normally, i do love triangles, and i may or may not do that in this story. anyways, i do hope you enjoyed reading this! please review, it'll make my day. if you don't mind me asking, what was your favorite line from the chapter? favorite part? also; how do you think i portrayed robert and forbes? i know most stories portray robert as serious and worried and forbes the exact opposite, so i tried to do that. please, please, please review.[Chapter 2] The sun had just begun to creep up over the horizon, painting the morning skies in brilliant, rosy pinks. I swallowed, watching the sky, and my hand subconsciously went to smooth my dress. It was quite different from the one I had worn the night before, as it was much thinner, and settled on my body, unlike the ridiculous hoop-skirt. I wasn't forced to wear a corset, either, and the dress was a deep blue color. Forbes was to the left of me, looking much like he would like to fall asleep right then and there. He was dressed in his uniform, a dark jacket, pants, and boots, along with a cap on his head. He was leaning on one of the numerous horses beside us, his head resting on its body. His eyes began to close shut, so I tapped his shoulder. He jerked, and opened one eye in annoyance. \"Yes, Princess?\" he said, the irritation obvious in his voice. \"You were falling asleep, Cabot .\" I replied, trying desperately not to smirk at his expense. Forbes wasn't the only one who had to wake up early, but I was channeling my early-morning crankiness into frustrating Forbes. \"I am not in the mood for childish jokes this early in the morning.\" Forbes snarled. \"So, if you will please allow me to get some sleep, it would be greatly appreciated.\" \"Your nap won't be very comfortable standing up.\" I pointed out in mild amusement. Forbes just stared at me for a while before letting out a sound that sounded much a growl. I watched as he slowly sunk himself down onto the grass below, and then lay down, covering his face with his cap. Just as he did so, however, Robert walked up to us. \"Forbes?\" Forbes squinted up towards the man standing beside me. He sighed before slowly getting up, sticking his cap back on the top of his head where it belonged. Forbes saluted Robert, and Robert saluted back, a smile tugging at the corner of his mouth. \"Good morning, Adelina.\" He nodded in recognition, and I did so back to him. Robert's gaze lingered on me for a second longer, before he faced the dirty-blonde man beside me. \"Dare I ask, what were you doing on the ground?\" Robert asked, folding his hands behind his back. Forbes' signature smirk returned. \"You see, Rob, I was trying to sleep on my horse,\" Forbes explained. Robert's eyebrows shot up. \"but Miss DeWolfe reminded me that standing up while trying to sleep wouldn't be comfortable, and that inspired me to sleep on the ground instead.\" Robert was quiet, his face hard and stony, all signs of his smile vanished. Forbes' smirk soon faded off of his own face, and he looked at his friend understandingly. It took me a while to comprehend, but I finally realized that Robert wasn't really in the joking mood. Maybe it was the nerves. \"I expect that you know how to ride a horse?\" Robert turned towards me suddenly, his hand stroking the horse beside him. My eyes widened. For some reason, despite the fact that I was standing right beside many horses, it had never occurred to me that I would have to actually get on the horse and ride. \"I have to…?\" I trailed off, stepping back a few times, my eyes shifting to look at the horse warily. No way was I getting on that . It was huge, and the beast was stomping its hooves on the ground in indignation. Surely, it would throw me off the first chance it got. \"My God, Princess.\" Forbes let out a loud laugh. \"You are to accompany us to war , and you can't even ride a horse?\" \"Forbes,\" Robert said warningly, casting Forbes a scolding look. Forbes immediately fell silent, even though I knew some snide comments were itching to spill themselves out of his mouth. \"I can ride a horse, thank you very much.\" I stuck my nose in the air haughtily, knowing that Forbes was just dying with amusement inside. \"I just prefer not to.\" \"Are you frightened of them?\" Robert asked and for a moment, I could detect the sympathy in his voice. I opened my mouth to lie, to say 'absolutely not' or something of that context, but the animal's snort and tossing of the mane stopped me. Instead, I swallowed. \"Yes.\" I said quietly, hanging my head again. Forbes looked at me skeptically, as if he thought I was lying. I blinked at him innocently, my cheeks heating up with the embarrassment of my confession. \"You're not serious, are you?\" Forbes asked bluntly. \"Rob, if she's afraid of a silly horse-\" Robert spoke then, cutting across Forbes complaint and his eyes watching me intently. \"If it would be of any comfort, you may ride on the back of my horse.\" He offered, making Forbes' laugh and wiggle his eyebrows suggestively, his incredulity immediately replaced by a sort of happiness. I cast him a sharp look, but he was still grinning wickedly. \"Is that safe, Robert?\" I questioned meekly, taking another step back and studying the four-legged creature. It snorted again, causing me to jump a little. \"I'm sure it is.\" Robert replied briskly, gripping the reigns and hoisting himself up onto the horse in one fluid motion. Forbes, still smirking, bowed dramatically and motioned towards the animal. I swallowed, my throat suddenly feeling remarkably like sawdust. Forbes was still grinning so widely that I was sure that his cheeks would split. \"Well, Adelina,\" Forbes nodded towards Robert. \"get on. We don't have all day.\" Silently cursing the cocky blonde man, I stepped tentatively towards the horse. Robert extended a hand, and I gripped it tightly. I was mentally preparing myself to actually get on the horse when I felt a pair of strong arms encircle my waist and lift my entire body off of the ground. I didn't even have time to scream because in those few moments, because then Robert used that opportunity to pull me up towards the saddle. I somehow ended up behind him, both of my legs on one side of the horse. My heart was pounding and threatening to jump out of my throat, and I felt my eyes widen in fear. \"Now, that wasn't so hard, was it, Princess?\" Forbes looked on the verge of laughing, but one glare from Robert quieted him. I was still partly in shock, so I didn't answer. Robert, in turn, glanced at me. \"All right, there, Miss DeWolfe?\" he asked, his eyebrows furrowing in either disgust or concern. I managed a nod, slowly releasing his arm. I thought I saw a little half-smile form on his mouth, but he turned back to Forbes before I could be sure. \"Are you ready?\" \"Ready as I'll ever be, Colonel Sir.\" Forbes joked, pulling himself onto his own horse easily and winking at me. \"I'm sure the men have assembled by now.\" Robert nodded, and with a flick of the reigns the horse started forward. I let out a little gasp at the abrupt burst of speed, and I grabbed Robert's arm again. \"Miss DeWolfe, I won't be able to steer with you clutching onto my arm like that.\" Robert said, not unkindly but still a bit sharply. I immediately let go, my cheeks reddening like the morning sky. Forbes raised an eyebrow at Robert. \"Well, she has to hold onto something , or she'll fall off.\" He pointed out. \"Then you'll be short an assistant.\" \"What exactly are you suggesting, Forbes?\" Robert snapped, his voice sounding a bit on the annoyed side, making Forbes smirk. Robert's horse stomped the ground impatiently, jolting me a little. I gasped a little, biting my tongue to keep from screaming. The metallic taste of blood ran through my teeth, forcing me to unclench my jaw. \"I am suggesting that she hold you somewhere other than your arm.\" Forbes deadpanned, his face completely serious. \"Possibly your shoulders or your waist.\" Robert spluttered a little, trying to form a comprehendible sentence, but failing rather badly. Forbes blinked at us innocently. \"It was merely a proposal.\" Forbes said nonchalantly. \"If you are uncomfortable with that, she could always ride behind me.\" At that, he gave me a wink, causing me to flush again, but I gently tapped Robert's shoulder. \"If you wouldn't mind, I'd rather stay on your horse.\" \"Seems that she's taken a liking to you, Robert.\" Forbes snickered, his sea-colored eyes flickering in pleasure. I was the one who glared at him that time as I wrapped my arms around Robert's waist tentatively. Robert stiffened under my touch, but didn't say a word. \"Do you have a tight enough hold on him, Princess?\" Forbes teased, making me wonder exactly why he was getting so much enjoyment out of tormenting me. Robert flicked the reigns, and we were off, Forbes' horse trotting beside us. \"Forbes, are you envious?\" I countered. I felt Robert's chuckle at that, and I bit back a smile at Forbes' surprised face. \"Of whom would I be envious? Not Robert, surely. I know I could get your arms around me at any time.\" Forbes stated, the corners of his mouth twitching up into an arrogant grin. I shrugged nonchalantly. \"I assumed you would be jealous of Robert, actually, as you wish to be in his place at the moment.\" I retorted, my arms tightening around Robert's waist as the horse began to pick up speed. \"However, now that you have denied that, I take it that you are bitter towards me?\" \"And why would that be, Princess?\" Forbes cocked his head, one eyebrow raised in mock interest. \"Well, you hope to be in my place, holding onto Robert, wouldn't you?\" I said finally, getting much enjoyment out of Forbes' wide eyes and Robert's quaking shoulders. I smiled at Forbes innocently. He opened his mouth as if to retort, but then closed it again. \"Forbes, quite frankly, I agree with you.\" Robert said once he had stopped laughing. \"It is a pleasure to have Miss DeWolfe around.\" About an hour later, we had ridden into camp. Forbes had, eventually, gotten tired of our banter, and had galloped in front of us. I looked around at the swarm of African-American men, who were staring at Robert and I. A few of them jeered and snickered. Forbes noticed us, and as the drummer boys assembled and began to play their beat, he shouted out, \"Pre-sent, arms !\" I wasn't sure what that meant, exactly, but Robert and I began to slowly make our way around the crowd. They smirked and laughed. \"How d'we look, Colonel?\" one asked, in a bit of a taunting manner. The rest of his sentence was lost on me, because I didn't even understand a word he said. Robert ignored the jeers, but I felt him stiffen again. Others had begun to yell at Robert, asking when they would get the uniforms and when they would be able to fight. Robert just stared at them calculatingly, not saying a word. My eyes landed on one man. He looked oddly proper and was wearing glasses, and I knew that I would like him. I was sure that his situation was like mine and no one thought either of us had a place in the war. He smiled brightly up at Robert, but from what I could tell; Robert didn't do anything to acknowledge him. I watched as the man's smile faded as we passed, so I gave him a small smile myself. He seemed happy with that, and his grin reappeared almost immediately. Another man nodded at Robert, and this time, Robert nodded back. I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do, so I let my head bow down, too. The man seemed amused, and he nodded once more. We finally reached Forbes, who was once again smirking at us. A large cigar was hanging out of his mouth and Robert saluted him. \"Morning,\" he mumbled, and Forbes saluted back. \"Major Forbes, if you will help Miss DeWolfe off of the horse?\" \"I would be absolutely delighted , Colonel.\" Forbes said, winking once at me. I suddenly felt extremely vulnerable as I slowly released Robert's waist for the first time in over an hour. Forbes stepped down from the podium he was standing on with a few other men. \"Don't you dare let me fall, Forbes.\" I growled under my breath, glaring down at him. Forbes put on an extremely shocked face. \"And why would I let you fall, Princess?\" he smirked dangerously, opening his arms mockingly. The fall suddenly seemed very far (even though it couldn't have been more than five or six feet) and I held my breath. I squeezed my eyes shut and let myself slide out of the saddle. I yelped, and the next thing I felt was dirt embedding itself into my mouth. I groaned, slowly pushing myself up into a sitting position. Forbes and Robert were staring at me, wearing similar expressions of amusement. Robert seemed a bit stunned, though, while Forbes was looking up at the sky while trying desperately not to laugh. Glaring at the blonde man who had let me fall, I stood up angrily, brushing myself off. The recruits and officers were tittering amongst themselves, most trying desperately to hide their snickers while a few laughed out loud. \"Are you all right?\" Forbes gasped out into my ear, as if it took all his effort and breath to avoid laughing. I scowled at him sourly, and he chuckled. \"I'm sorry, Princess, it was an honest mistake.\" \"Yes, thank you for catching me, Major.\" I snapped, sarcastically dipping down into an overly-exaggerated curtsy. \"What a gentleman.\" The other officers had been watching us were chuckling amongst themselves. Forbes' scowled a bit, and to shut them up, he bellowed, \"Atten- tion !\" The recruits in front of us quieted, even though they now all wore broad smiles on their faces. Robert looked around at them before speaking. \"Good morning, gentlemen! I am Robert Gould Shaw, your commanding officer.\" I half-glanced at Forbes, who looked like he was on the verge of bursting into laughter. Had Robert even prepared for this? \"It is a pleasure to see you all here today,\" the recruits stared at him, a somewhat bored expression on their faces. Robert blinked nervously. \"It is my hope that the same courage, spirit, and honor that has brought us here together will one day restore this Union.\" Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Forbes nodding in agreement. I turned my attention back to the crowd, trying to find the man whom I had smiled at earlier. My eyes found him, and he was nodding and smiling encouragingly. Robert seemed a bit more poised now, and he ended with a loud, \"May God bless us all!\" The recruits cheered and whooped. Robert had a look of relief on his face, but he managed a smile. One of the officers that had been laughing at me earlier said, \"Form companies?\" Robert nodded. \"We will commence with forming companies!\" This was Forbes' cue. \"Company officers take charge!\" Various white men maneuvered their way into the crowd, screaming orders and pushing the recruits around. Forbes attempted to ignore this, and he spoke loudly, his cigar wiggling in his mouth with every word, \"You recruits will report to your respective officers by the letter of your company in alphabetical order, which is in the top left corner,\" he picked up a sheet, pointing at it calmly despite the chaos in front of him. \"of your muster sheet!\" I stared at the crowd in a form of awe and horror. The men were still bellowing, and trying to fight against the others pushing against them. It was simply tumultuous. Robert was staring at them with helplessness, probably debating whether or not to calm them. He apparently decided against it, and turned away. I exchanged a glance with Forbes, who also looked somewhat disturbed at the happenings in front of us. One of the officers, a tall man with dark, unforgiving eyes, sidled up beside me, \"Better get used to it.\" He snarled into my ear, causing chills to run up my spine, but I still looked straight forward. \"This is how war is. They don't even have their guns yet.\" The horror of the truth of his words sunk in, and I swallowed as he walked away. Forbes had joined me now, \"Having second thoughts, Princess?\" I opened my mouth to reply, but no words came out. He looked at me knowingly before uttering two simple words, \"Me too.\" thank you to those who reviewed, favorited, and alerted! which lines did you like best? :) review, please.[Chapter 3] If there was one thing that Forbes was good at (besides being fluent in sarcasm), it was definitely arguing. My ears were ringing from the crowd's insistent yelling and the utter chaos, but now, Forbes' voice was definitely a factor in my now-aching head. It had been nearly an hour of Forbes and I going back and forth, and he seemed nowhere near giving up the argument. \"Forbes, I am not getting on that horse!\" I exclaimed, pointing a shaky finger at the animal in front of me. It did seem a lot calmer than Robert's, but it was a horse all the same. It bothered me how afraid I was of them, but I couldn't remember why. \"You must.\" Forbes snapped. He obviously was getting rather irritated with me, after arguing with me for several minutes. I bristled at his declaration, standing straight up and looking him in the eye. \"And why would that be, Major?\" I snarled, making Forbes roll his eyes. \"After the spectacle you two caused riding in here, I really don't believe that Colonel Shaw will allow you to ride on the back of his horse again.\" He said bluntly, stroking the black horse beside him. \"The others already doubt his power.\" \"What?\" \"Having a colored regiment is one thing, Princess,\" Forbes explained. \"But having a woman assist him…\" He trailed off, looking at the horse. \"I'm not saying that Robert will send you back home –\" At this, I swallowed. If only I could remember where my home was. \"-but it certainly wouldn't hurt riding your own horse.\" I glared at Forbes. For all he knew, riding my own horse could hurt. \"Hername is Miracle.\" Forbes continued absentmindedly, scratching Miracle's neck affectionately. \"She wouldn't hurt a flea, I promise you.\" \"My God, Forbes, if you're lying to me…\" I warned him, leaving the last part off as an implied threat. Forbes laughed, ignoring the occasional shout still emitting from the crowd. It had quieted down a bit, and the recruits were now attempting to get into lines by their letter company. \"I swear on my life, Miss DeWolfe, I am not lying.\" Forbes said, momentarily catching me by surprise at my surname rather than 'Princess.' He was serious and his eyes sincere, but I was still a bit suspicious. Forbes sighed, rubbing his eyes tiredly. \"If it will make you feel any more comfortable I'll even hold the reigns and lead your horse.\" That did sound a bit safer. Even though my mind was screaming at me to disagree, I sighed also. \"All right.\" I mumbled, walking closer to the horse. It didn't seem half as scared as I did, but stared at me with huge eyes. \"Fantastic.\" Forbes breathed in relief. \"Now, just grab onto the reigns…\" he waited until I had done so before continuing. \"…And put your foot right here in the stirrup…Then, just pull yourself up.\" Silently repeating the directions in my mind and my hands shaking in terror, I managed to lift my entire body onto the saddle of the horse, so that I was sitting side-saddle. Miracle barely even moved; she just shifted a bit to make herself more comfortable. I felt beam form on my lips. It was so wide that it actually hurt my cheeks, but I just grinned down at Forbes. \"Did you see that, Major?\" I crowed. Forbes laughed, nodding his head. \"I'm on my own horse!\" \"Are you able to ride it by yourself?\" The smile immediately vanished from my face, and I shook my head urgently. Forbes smirked at my aghast face. \"Absolutely not!\" I exclaimed loudly, startling Miracle a little. She snorted indignantly and tossed her head, stomping the ground. I swallowed, gripping the reigns tightly. To my horror, Miracle began to trot forward alongside the seemingly endless line of African Americans. Many of them looked up at me curiously as I passed. Someone yelled, \"For-ward, march !\" and then they were off, walking along beside me, still gazing at me incredulously. I felt my fingernails digging into my palms; that's how tightly I was gripping the reigns. \"Forbes!\" I managed, even though the horse couldn't have been going any faster than a walk. I heard a few of the officers chuckling again, but at the moment, I feared tremendously for my life so I didn't pay much attention to their laughter. My God, Miracle is going to throw me off the first chance she gets! \"FORBES!\" \"Calm down, Princess.\" I heard him laugh. I briefly turned my head, watching the dirt billow up as Forbes' horse trotted quickly to catch up to me. Miracle snorted, tossing her head and making a sharp turn to her left. Forbes' hand shot out and grabbed my hand, guiding it so that the horse was walking straight once again. \"I – you need to take the reigns right now so I don't fall off and die !\" I shrieked suddenly, my own palms shaking in fear. The man whom I had smiled at earlier – the one with the glasses – looked up at me in curiosity and what I was sure was amusement. A worn-out book was in his hand, and he placed it at his side for a moment. \"Forbes, is she all right?\" he asked, blinking once. Forbes smirked before nodded. \"Oh, she's fine, Thomas.\" Forbes replied, waving a dismissive hand. \"It's just the shock and bliss of coming to war with a group of dapper young men like us that's getting to her.\" I snorted and the fear of cracking my head open momentarily vanished. \"Don't be so arrogant, Forbes. It's not very attractive.\" \"I'm not arrogant ,\" Forbes said, a look of mock-horror on his face. \"I'm simply speaking the truth.\" Thomas snorted loudly. When Forbes shot him a look, he immediately busied himself with the book again. It was then that I realized how far I was off the ground, and the feeling that I had to puke settled in my stomach. Forbes seemed to notice my pale face, and he rolled his eyes. \"It's been nearly a full five minutes and you haven't broken your back yet.\" Forbes pointed out. \"That has to be a good sign, doesn't it?\" \"If I die it'll be on your conscience.\" I reminded him shakily. Forbes glared at me a moment before riding ahead of me in spite. \"Wait! Forbes! FORBES!\" \"Miss DeWolfe!\" Another voice exclaimed from behind me, causing me to whip my head towards the direction of the sound. It was Robert, who was watching me with a mixture of alarm, horror, and fury. That wasn't a good combination of emotions, was it? \"If you would please stop shouting like that, it would be appreciated.\" Robert spat angrily. I blinked at him once. What was his problem? Did he not realize how terrified I was? \"It's just a horse, for God's sake. How are the others supposed to take me seriously when I have you – a woman – as my assistant, and she can't even ride a horse?\" At the last part, he seemed to be talking more to himself than me, but it stung all the same. I noticed Thomas watching us out of the corner of his eye, pretending to be reading his book, said book at eye-level. \"Robert –\" \"You will address me as 'Colonel' or 'Sir,' do you understand?\" Robert retorted. I stared at him, my mouth agape. Who did he think he was? Oh, right…he was the colonel. \" Do you understand? \" He snapped sharply, causing me to close my mouth and nod bitterly. \"Yes sir .\" I growled. Thomas was now very obviously looking at us, and he too looked both confused and stunned. Robert nodded curtly, and he rode away. I couldn't help but notice how graceful he looked as his horse galloped further and further. \"He's just stressed.\" Thomas said helpfully. \"He's not usually like this, Miss.\" \"I understand.\" I nodded slowly, even though I really didn't. He was so nice before, but now he was simply a jerk. Jerk? What in the world was a jerk? It must have been slang from where ever – or whene ver, for that matter – I was from. Thomas went back to reading, and I went back to desperately praying that Miracle wouldn't buck me off of her back. Forbes had returned to my side (somewhat guiltily), and was now quietly guiding me which way to pull the reigns in order to control my horse. \"G-good book, brother?\" I heard one lone voice stutter, and I immediately looked down, smiling softly at the man below me. He was attempting to strike up a conversation with Thomas, who looked up from his book and grinned politely. \"Yes it is, actually.\" Thomas admitted, putting the book under his arm so he could shake the other man's hand. \"Name's Searles, Thomas Searles.\" \"Jupiter Sharts.\" Jupiter shook his hand firmly. \"What it about, that book?\" For some reason, the smile on my face got a bit bigger. Something about Jupiter just made me feel a mixture of pity and something like admiration. \"It's a collection of essays. Fourier, Emerson, all of the transcendentalists.\" Thomas explained, glancing at me with a smile of his own. I, however, felt completely bewildered. Thomas might as well have been speaking a foreign language, because I honestly didn't understand a single word he said. Jupiter, however, nodded, grinning brightly as if he knew exactly what a transcendetalist was. \"It got pictures?\" I had to stifle a giggle at that one, for the sake of Jupiter. He cast me a confused look, the smile still on his face. Thomas chuckled too, as if he thought Jupiter was joking. With one quick look to his companion, Thomas knew that it was quite the opposite and shook his head with a still-amused, \"No.\" \"You teach me?\" Jupiter asked, pointing to the book hopefully. It sort of broke my heart, how he was so eager to learn something that grown men already should have known. That was how it was where I was from, at least. \"Yes, I'd be happy to.\" Thomas replied. Jupiter seemed elated with this answer, and he nodded again, a beam on his face. He turned to the man on the other side of him and said, \"You hear that? I'm gonna learn to read!\" I exchanged a glance with Forbes, who seemed on the verge of laughed. He opened his mouth to say something, but was cut off by a loud, obnoxious voice. \"Look at what's walking in here!\" At the exact same time, Forbes and I turned to stare at the source. A rough-looking man, lounging along the porch of a cabin was smirking. I hadn't even noticed that we were passing through another camp. I swallowed and suddenly had the urge to pee, but I didn't think that Miracle would like that very much. \"Getting dark mighty early 'round here!\" Another bellowed, much to the amusement of the goons with him. I felt my eyes narrow. Did they really have nothing else better to do than torment these poor men? \"I'd rather have a hog than a nigger!\" My grip tightened again, my fingernails making crescent moon-shaped marks in my palms. Jupiter bowed his head and avoided anyone's gaze. The man in front of them – Rawlins, I believed his name was – turned around and gave him a sad smile. Thomas just stared right ahead, his face blank. \" At least you can eat the hog !\" The man finished, bursting into a round of laughter. Forbes didn't seem pleased by this remark, but he didn't say a word. Up ahead, I noticed that Robert had frozen and his horse had halted, but he was too far away for me to read his expression. \"Well, look here, boys!\" The first man roared, jutting his chin out towards me. I felt my spine stiffen, and my palms began to sweat. Forbes shot me a look as if to silently remind me to ignore them, but still, the man's voice seeped into my mind. \"They've even got a lady with them!\" I could see now that Robert was looking directly at me, but his expression was still too far away for me to be able to grasp. \"Hey, why don't you get off that horse and keep us company 'stead of those nigs over there?\" Jupiter was now also staring at me, his eyes wide in horror. I watched as Forbes' jaw clenched and unclenched, his eyes fighting to stay pointed ahead instead of staring at the foul-mouthed man. \" We'll be able to give you a better time than them!\" My hands began to shake, half in fear and half in anger. Pigs. Stupid, evil, dirty pigs. \"Whaddya say?\" \"Don't say a word, Adelina.\" Forbes growled lowly, struggling to stay calm himself. \"They're not worth it.\" Even Miracle seemed a bit cross, and she tossed her head and let out an indignant neigh. Forbes reached over to calm her so I wouldn't scream. \"You have a gun on you, don't you?\" I whispered back when he was close enough. \"Can't you shoot them?\" Forbes shot me another look. \"No.\" he said shortly, pulling back onto his own horse, and I sighed. The men were guffawing amongst themselves and I desperately wanted to go over there and punch the sneers right off their faces. \"Soldiers are always going to be like that,\" he continued, apparently noticing the look on my face. \"Especially white soldiers. Especially towards this regiment.\" That was understandable. \"Because they're black?\" I asked meekly, even though I knew the answer. Forbes didn't even respond, he just cast me a sad-eyed look. We rode in silence for the rest of the journey. There was just so much left to say – and yet, at the same time, there was nothing at all. oh, yay! third chaper! thank you so much to those who reviewed and such! you guys are amazing. i'm so happy you guys are enjoying this story! again, what were your favorite lines? parts? did it seem too sudden that adelina was suddenly able to ride her own horse? don't worry, this will all be explained later on in the story. also; you will probably notice that as adelina begins to remember more, the way she talks and thinks will become more modern. it is too early for that to happen, though. just a heads up. review, review like the wind![Chapter 4] The view of the sunset at camp was breathtaking to say the least. It painted the sky to be the color of fire. I was sure that the clouds would ignite at any minute; but it only would have added to the brilliance of the sky. I wasn't the only one entranced with the sight, though; Forbes had joined me several minutes ago to watch the sun dip over the horizon. Even Miracle seemed appreciative of the sunset; she didn't even seem to mind the fact that I was still on her back even though we had successfully arrived. I refused to get off by Forbes' hand, though, because it hadn't worked out so well the last time. We had gotten to camp at least a half-hour before dusk, but the men were still frantically attempting to assign the recruits to their tents. Forbes was supposed to be helping the officers; but apparently had given up long ago. He was now by my side, scratching Miracle's neck affectionately. She seemed to enjoy that a lot and she pushed her snout towards his hand. Forbes smiled, rubbing her nose instead. Miracle lazily closed her eyes, a content sigh emitting from her. \"You have a way with animals, Major.\" I observed, a smile gracing my own features at the sight. It was the first time either of us had said anything. Forbes nodded, glancing up at me momentarily before turning his attention back to the horse. \"I just have a way with Miracle, actually,\" he admitted. \"I've known her for a while now. She was my first horse.\" His voice took on a tone of laughter. \"You know, he – Robert, I mean – used to tease me that Miracle would be the only woman who would ever love me.\" \"That's sweet.\" I declared, tilting my head, causing Forbes to raise his eyebrow up at me. \"Cabot has a soft side. He really does have a heart after all.\" Forbes looked up at me again, a mock-serious expression on his face. \"First of all, never call me Cabot.\" I nodded feverishly and shot him a teasing salute. \"Secondly, you are not to repeat anything that you have heard; and thirdly, I do in fact have a heart, but I may have to kill you now that you know.\" \"Oh, woe is me.\" I gasped dramatically, placing the back of my hand on my forehead. Forbes cracked a smile at that, but before he could retort (and I knew he was about to because he had that glint in his eye), another man halted in front of us. He was young – older than me but seemed to be around Forbes' age – with a handsome face and dark hair. His hazel eyes flickered nervously, shifting from Forbes to me. \"Cabot – er, Major?\" He stumbled a bit over Forbes' title, causing Forbes to drop his hands from Miracle's nose and turn towards the newcomer. The two saluted solemnly, and I debated briefly whether or not I should do the same. Miracle huffed irritably, trying to get Forbes' attention again. \"Yes, Charlie?\" Forbes replied effortlessly, seemingly at ease compared to the man – Charlie, I assumed his name was. Charlie swallowed, wringing his hands together anxiously, stealing a glance at me. Forbes noticed this and snorted, \"For God's sake, Charlie, she isn't going to have you beheaded because you are in her presence. She's just a woman.\" Charlie flushed deeply at this, but nodded curtly, placing his palms stiffly at his sides. Charlie, do you know Adelina?\" Forbes asked suddenly, motioning towards me. \"I've heard about her but we haven't personally met.\" Charlie admitted, smiling a bit shyly up at me. He seemed different from the other men; he wasn't against meeting me but wasn't quite sure how to treat a woman in the regiment. \"Is that so?\" Forbes said, blinking innocently. \"Wouldn't you prefer to properly meet her while she is at ground level?\" I wasn't quite sure where Forbes was going with this, but I glared at him all the same. Charlie seemed confused, but he glanced at Forbes and cautiously replied, \"I suppose?\" \"Right,\" Forbes smirked at me. \"Adelina, would you be a lady and get down from your horse so you can greet Charlie?\" He knew that I was still a bit cross with him for letting me fall, and this was either a way to see me fail once again or to…no, that was the only explanation I could possibly think of. I stared at Forbes a bit longer, before twisting my mouth up into an attempted smile, but it probably ended up appearing like a grimace. \"Of course, Major .\" I growled, positioning myself to slide off of the saddle. I peered down towards the ground, attempting to estimate the fall to the ground. Charlie glanced at me a bit guiltily before stepping towards me, both hands outstretched in an awkward offer to help. \"Miss DeWolfe, do you need any assistance?\" he asked politely. Forbes had also started towards me, somewhat startled that I was going to attempt to get off of the saddle by myself. I took a deep breath, shut my eyes tightly, and jumped, just as a startled voice exclaimed, \"Miss DeWolfe!\" My feet slammed against the ground, jolting my body in shock. The whole surprise of my soles hitting the rock-hard dirt caused my eyes to fly open. Pain shot up my spine, and I gasped. My legs suddenly felt like jelly and I lost my balance. I stumbled backwards, falling into someone, who gripped my arm until I had steadied myself. My eyes landed on Forbes, who was standing oddly stiff and straight. My sight then shifted to the left, on Charlie, who was looking down nervously. It was then that I realized that I was still in the grip of whoever was holding me, and I immediately wrenched away. A pit was forming in the bottom of my stomach as I slowly turned around to face Robert. He didn't seem angry , exactly. He just seemed a bit rigid. \"Are you all right?\" he asked softly, placing his hands behind his back. I nodded, feeling my own spine straighten out tensely. Oh God, he's going to yell at me, isn't he? Forbes and Charlie were watching quietly before Robert turned onto the second man. \"I take it that you haven't relayed the message yet?\" He said icily, his composure completely changing. Forbes rolled his eyes, and I sighed. \"Of course,\" Charlie said edgily. \"Colonel Shaw would like you to show Miss DeWolfe where she will be staying.\" Forbes snorted again. \"Ah, yes, because she will be sleeping in a bloody palace along with the rest of us, isn't she?\" The sarcasm was dripping from his voice. Charlie chuckled a bit at this until Robert silenced him with a glare. \"We could do without the sarcasm, Major Forbes.\" Robert snapped, causing Forbes to blink. He opened his mouth to retort, but closed it on a second thought. \"Just make sure she is aware about the living arrangements, all right?\" Robert continued. Forbes nodded curtly, giving Robert a salute before turning on his heel and motioning for me to follow. He was muttering under his breath while we trudged through the mud and dirt. I practically had to jog in order to keep up with the much taller man. \"He could have told us himself, rather than have Charlie 'relay the message.'\" Forbes complained bitterly once we were out of earshot. \"Who does he think he is?\" \"Forbes?\" I panted, trying desperately to stay in step with him. \"Forbes, he's the colonel.\" Forbes let out a noise that sounded much like a feral dog. I opened my mouth to beg him to slow down a little, when my foot caught on a little dip in the ground and I flew forward. My face hit the muck, giving me the unpleasant taste of dirt on my tongue. I slowly lifted my face from the earth, Forbes' hearty laugh meeting my ears. My arms propped myself up and I glared at him, my stomach still against the soil. He actually sat down beside me, he was laughing so hard. \"My God, Princess!\" He finally managed to gasp out, clutching his sides. I sat up, crossing my legs Indian-style. \"You have the absolute worst coordination of anyone I know!\" I scowled. \"Well, I'm happy I was able to cheer you up.\" I snapped sarcastically. Forbes was still guffawing loudly and a bit obnoxiously, so I shoved him playfully so he would shut up. \"You're such a gentleman, Forbes,\" I deadpanned, hoisting myself to my feet and brushing off the dust particles on my dress. Still chuckling, he stood up also, shaking his head in disbelief. Then, he took off again, this time much slower so that I wouldn't fall again. \"And you're such a lady.\" He replied. I blinked a little. Touché. We finally stopped at a long house-like building with a porch. Forbes went up the steps, and we ducked inside of a door. Several officers were inside of it already, and they glanced up when we entered. I didn't recognize a single face. \"These are your roommates, Princess.\" Forbes motioned towards all the men, smirking a little at my horrified expression. I blinked a little, feeling a blush color my cheeks. Leaning towards Forbes so that the others couldn't hear, I whispered, \"You're not serious, are you?\" \"What exactly did you expect?\" Forbes tilted his head, giving the impression of someone truly interested in what I had to say. There was a playful flicker in his eye, and I knew that he would tease me as soon as I replied. \"I didn't expect to have to have to bunk with all of these men.\" I replied heatedly. I honestly didn't know what I expected; I just knew that it wasn't this. \"You're the only woman in the entire regiment.\" Forbes pointed out quietly, turning so his back was facing the others. They didn't seem to care much that they weren't included in the conversation. \"Did you really think that you would have a whole mansion to yourself?\" \"Of course not, Forbes. I'm not that thick.\" I hissed. \"I don't trust…them.\" It was true enough; I didn't really trust anyone in the regiment yet. Forbes was well on his way to gaining my faith, and even Robert was almost on his way there. The only one who I even remotely could rely on was Miracle, and she was a horse for God's sake. \"I'll be here too, you know.\" Forbes said, seeming a bit hurt. \"Do you really think I would let any of them do something to you?\" \"I've known you for about a day and a half, Forbes.\" I replied. \"In that day and a half, you allowed me to fall off of my horse – by your own hand, mind you – and you laughed at me when I fell down a mere five minutes before this.\" \"That was all in good fun.\" Forbes retorted, taking off his kepi and running his hand through his hair. \"I promise that I will not let any of these men hurt you.\" I must have seemed a little wary, because he looked me straight in the eye and repeated softly, \"I promise.\" He did seem sincere enough, and I knew that he wouldn't allow me to seriously get hurt. I still didn't completely trust him, though, but for his sake I said, \"All right.\" \"Good.\" Forbes replaced his kepi on his head in satisfaction. \"You really don't have anything to worry about, though. Robert would honestly kill me if I let anything happen to you. It's apparently not gentlemanly to intentionally harm a woman.\" \"That's a comforting thought,\" I whispered. \"I suppose.\" Forbes said slowly, glancing at me. \"You just have to remember that some of these men weren't raised the way we were. Some men – right here in this regiment, too – don't care about being a gentleman. Not here, at least.\" He paused a bit before continuing. \"Its war, you know, and gentlemen are not rewarded kindly here.\" \"So what am I supposed to do? Am I supposed to run away because a few men are going to harass me?\" I asked, my voice cracking. Forbes glanced over his shoulder at the other men; some of whom were scowling at me and others who looked like they really couldn't care less. \"Goddamn it, Forbes, I don't have anywhere else to go.\" I said softly. Forbes gave me a sad look, shaking his head a little. \"I know.\" He finally whispered. \"I know.\" author's note: thank you to those who reviewed! i shall give the four of you who do review a chance to join my super exclusive club that is only for people who read and review this story! yeah! does anyone have any suggestions on getting more reviews, though? just asking. :D soooo, what was your guys' favorite parts/lines? hmmmm? review, please. :D ","Summary":" So, this is what God must have been experiencing before he made the world . It was completely silen"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Friends with Boy in the front","Author":"otose","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6797081","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Otose: I got bored. Raven: Me too, so a one shot for glory! Otose: Yup! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! It was a normal day within the camp, the skies were gray, the men were drilling and everyone was doing whatever it is they do. The only problem here was the two girls from the future watching everyone go by. \"I'm bored, do something.\" Said a girl of 17 with black hair tied in a ponytail, with brown eyes. This is Janet/Jane \"Like what?\" Responded another 17 year old girl with sand like hair put in a messy braid and blue eyes, this is Natalie. Both girls sighed; there was nothing for them to do. That was until Janet had an idea. \"I have an idea!\" She cried jumping up and giving a look of excitement to her friend. Natalie smiled. \"What?\" \"Let's find the boys and go into town!\" Natalie gave a thoughtful look on it, they could get in trouble if they got caught, but it sounded like fun! \"Alright, let's find them!\" Natalie said as Janet cheered as they went to go find the ones known as Wesley and Charlie. It was a few minutes later that the girls found the two with Forbes and, unfortunately for their plans, Robert. \"Hello.\" Natalie greeted as both girls walked up to them. \"Hello ladies, how goes your day?\" Wesley asked, though the question seemed more aimed towards Natalie. \"Fine.\" Janet answered as she looked at all the men; hmm they needed an excuse to get the boys away. \"Say Charlie, Wesley? Can you help Natalie and me with something?\" Asked Janet. \"Of course.\" Both boys said as they faced the girls, Forbes and Robert forgotten. \"Well, were not sure how to explain it, so we'll show you.\" Natalie said as she and Jane started to walk away, the boys following behind. \"Do you girls need our help?\" Forbes called out. \"Nope!\" Both girls shouted as the group turned a corner. As they turned the corner, both girls stopped and faced the boys. 'We're going into town!\" exclaimed Janet. Wesley smiled, while Charlie frowned. \"What's wrong Charlie?\" Natalie asked, as she faced him. \"I'm sorry girls, but I can't go, I have a lot of work to do.\" Charlie said with an apologetic look. Both girls frowned at the news; it wouldn't be the same without Charlie. Charlie noticed and gave a smile, \"That doesn't mean you three shouldn't go anyway; just bring me back something if you don't mind.\" The girls smiled and nodded, \"You bet!\" they said as Charlie gave a smile and a nod, and walked away. \"Well, let's go then.\" Wesley said as he led the girls towards the entrance of the camp. The girls then remembered something. \"Wait, we need to sneak out, Robert or Forbes don't know we're leaving the camp!\" Janet said as she told Wesley. Wesley stopped and faced the two, \"We're leaving camp and we don't have permission?\" he asked a bit worried. \"Yea, basically.\" Both girls said as they continued walking towards the entrance of the camp. Wesley sighed, but ran after the girls. Today was going to be an interesting day. *With Robert* It had been a quiet morning, too quiet, and that had Robert worried. 'Where are the girls?' He wondered, usually they would have done something by now. He assumed whatever the girls asked Morse and Sterling for help with would have caused some sort of trouble. He sighed, and that's when he noticed Charlie, but where was Sterling and the girls? He narrowed his brow, something wasn't quite right. He approached Morse. \"Captain Morse, good evening.\" Robert greeted as he stood in front of the young officer. \"Evening Sir.\" Charlie greeted as he saluted his commanding officer. \"Morse, I was wondering, where is captain Sterling and the girls?\" He asked, getting impatient. Charlie gave a nervous look before answering, \"I have no idea sir.\" Robert gave an annoyed sigh, \"Captain Morse, as your commanding officer, I demand that you tell me where Wesley and the girls are.\" Charlie gave a defeated look as he gave a dreadful sigh before answering Robert. \"In town sir.\" He said as he looked at his feet. Robert blinked a few times, not believing what he was hearing. \"What was that Morse?\" He asked, trying to calm down. \"In town,…sir\" Robert was about to scold Charlie but held his tongue, and walked off. \"Sir?\" Charlie called after him, \"Where are you going?\" \"To get those three back in camp.\" He called out as he walked towards the camp entrance. *Meanwhile* \"Hey look a bakery!\" cried Janet as she dragged her two friends towards it. \"Alright, alright, we're going Jane, just calm down.\" Laughed Wesley as he held onto his hat, Jane let go of the two and ran towards the bakery. \"Janet! Wait for us!\" Natalie shouted as she and Wesley we're now forced to keep up with their friend. They entered the shop and the girls quickly started drooling over the different pastries displayed in the case. \"Hey, Wesley? What are these?\" Asked Natalie as she ushered the young man next to her. \"Hm?\" Wesley hummed as he walked next to her and looked at what she was pointing at, it was a miniature cake. \"Hh, those are miniature cakes, you should try them.\" He said as he smiled at her. \"Excuse me? Can you give us a bag filled with those cakes?\" Asked Janet pointing to mini cakes. The baker nodded and handed her the bag. \"Here you go miss.\" Said the baker as he handed her the bag. \"Thanks.\" Janet replied as she paid for it and the trio left. As soon as they got out, Janet handed Wesley and Natalie a cake and grabbed one for her. Each took a bite and a smile came across their face. \"These are so good!\" Exclaimed Natalie as she took another bite, Janet nodding her head in agreement. Wesley chuckled, these girls acted as though they never had cake before. Within 5 minutes the bag was empty. \"Well, those didn't last long.\" Janet said as they walked down the street. \"Nope.\" Natalie said as she looked around. Wesley didn't say anything but kept walking. \"Hm, I wonder how things are going at camp.\" Janet asked aloud, making them all wonder. \"You would know, if you had not left.\" All three stopped dead in their tracks, and cringed at the voice as they slowly turned around to face a very angry looking Robert G. Shaw. All had a look of horror on their face, though Wesley had pure fear in his eyes. \"What we're you three thinking?\" Robert demanded. Both girls looked at each other and nod. \"This!\" both girls shouted as each grabbed Wesley's hand and ran, making the poor boy stumble at first, but then run. \"We're going to get in more trouble.\" Janet said as she let go of Wesley hand, not letting Natalie notice. \"Big time.\" She agreed as she kept holding Wesley's hand. Wesley was in dismay, first he was scared for Robert had found them, and now he was on cloud nine for Natalie kept holding his hand. Janet noticed and gave a smirk. \"Yo Romeo, we're not safe yet.\" She said, making Natalie give her a confused look. They turned a corner and hid in an alley way, watching as a panting Robert passes them. All three watched as he got further away from them, and then burst out laughing. \"Oh, that was fun!' cried Janet. The others shook their heads, that's when Natalie noticed that she was still holding Wesley's hand. \"Sorry!\" Natalie said as she let go of his hand. \"It's alright Natalie, I didn't mind.\" Wesley said as he gave her a charming smile. Natalie blushed as Janet snickered at the scene before her. \"Well, we should get going we have no idea when Robert might find us.\" Janet said as the three got out of the alley way and started walking down the street. It was a silent walk, but all three stopped dead as the man they were hiding from turned the corner onto their street. He spotted them and walked over to them, angered. \"I have half the-\" Was all Robert said of his angry rant before Natalie pushed Jane into him and grabbed Wesley and ran off. \"Traitors!\" Janet yelled as she was pushed into Rob. Robert quickly caught her and looked down at her. Janet looked up and was scared, and started squirming to get out of his grasp. Robert noticed the panic in her eyes and sighed as he lost all anger and addressed the panicked girl in his arms. \"Miss Torres, please stop squirming. I'm not going to harm you.\" He said in a soft and calm voice, hoping to calm her down. Janet did indeed stop and looked up at him, her eyes holding curiosity in them. It was at that moment the girl realized their position and blushed and in nervousment started talking in Spanish. \"Por favor, dejar ir tu me hace sonrojar*\" Janet said as she tried getting out of his grasp. Robert looked at her confused, but let go of the girl. He looked at her noticed the red in her face, and realized why she was red in turn making him go red. \"We, should um, find miss Jean and Sterling.\" Was all Robert said as the two walked down the street searching for them. *With Natalie and Wesley. \"Natalie, why did you push Jane?\" Asked Wesley. \"It's payback for something.\" Was all she said. Wesley nodded, and they kept walking. It was only a few minutes later Natalie realized that she was still holding his hand. she quickly let go, but blushed when Wesley quickly grabbed back her hand. She looked at him and saw that he gave her a shy smile. A tender moment between two lovers, they kept on smiling as the continued down the street. Both enjoyed the walk there taking, and of course people were whispering about them, but they ignored it. Wesley was enjoying the time he was getting with Natalie, she was smart, funny, brave, confident, and overall an amazing young lady. The problem now was to ask. So Wesley with a nervous smile spoke. \"Um, Natalie?\" Wesley asked getting her attention. \"Yea?\" Natalie answered wondering what her crush had to say. \"I was wonder, when the war over, if you would like to um, if you would like to, um, to-\" \"I found them!\" Both turned at the sound of the familiar voice belonging to the one known as Jane. Wesley didn't know whether to curse his luck or be thankful for the interruption. They waited as both Janet and Robert walked up to them. Robert addressed them all. \"We have wasted enough time here, back to the camp.\" He ordered as Wesley and Natalie took the lead still holding hands. Robert took noticed and was about to say something when a hand on his shoulder stopped him. He turned to see Jane giving a smile at him. \"Leave them alone Rob. They deserve to find happiness; it's not every day you find that special someone.\" Explained Jane. Robert sighed, but gave a smile. \"I see, well then. Enough loitering, we need to get back at camp.\" Both walked behind the young couple, Janet smiling at how well things were going. Wesley and Natalie were on cloud nine and Robert, for some odd reason felt left out. Janet noticed, and did something she would never forget. She tapped Robert on the shoulder. \"Yes?\" Robert said looking at the young Hispanic before him. Janet blushed and gave a deep breath, before speaking. \"Te amo, Robert*\" was all she said before running up to catch up with her two love bird friends. Robert stood there wondering what she could of have possibly said. Unbeknown to them all a certain mystical being was watching them. He gave pity on the poor kernel and for a moment Robert understood what Janet had said. 'She loves me?' was all he thought as the trio waited for him. \"Come on sir, no loitering!\" Wesley called out teasing the kernel. \"And you call us slackers!\" Natalie cried out, as Robert walked over to them. The trio laughed as he stood with them. Wesley and Natalie once again took the lead, hand in hand and shared a special gaze. Robert continued walking and noticed Janet walking next to him. in the spur of the moment he leaned down, his mouth next to her and whispered. \"Te amo.\" And walked off a blush staining his cheeks. It was only sudden that he found his hand in someone else's. That person was Jane's. \"It's not everyday someone finds that special someone Rob.\" Said she with a smile as all four walked back to camp. \"Janet! Natalie wake up!\" \"huh?\" both girls said as they were shaken awake. Wesley sighed and gave a smile. \"Come on, we're going to be late for breakfast!\" He said waiting for the girls. Both girls blinked but got up and ready. Both stared at each and smiled, it was too good to be true. \"Just a dream.\" Said both girls as they followed Wesley to the mess hall. ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Raven: Aww! How cute! Otose: Took forever. Ok, the first * is please let go your making me blush. Second is: I love you. Raven: Yes well, you are the person I know with the most romantic one-shots. Otose: Thanks. Hoped you all liked it, we apologize if it was too mushy. Raven: I made sure it had more JxR since in the other it's mostly me and Wesley. Otose: I wouldn't have mind centering more on you two! Raven: No, you and Rob need the spot light too! Otose: Fine. Both: Please review![Chapter 2] Otose: Well, I have decided to make this somewhat of a drabble series. I have yet to inform Raven of this. I'm sure she'll agree! Here's is this chapter's focus on and what genre. ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Focus: Wesley and Janet. Genre: Friendship. Wesley stretched as he kept a watch on the gate leading into camp. Why was he watching the gate may you ask? For Robert said the letter carrier was coming soon and needed someone to watch out for him. He sighed, he was rather bored. Charlie would be here too, but Robert had given him a task as well. \"Hey Wesley!\" Wesley snapped back to attention as he whirled around to face Janet. \"Oh Janet, it's just you. You gave quite a scare there sneaking up on me.\" Janet smiled as she scratched her cheek. \"Sorry about that, didn't think I would scare you.\" Apologized Janet as she looked around. \"So what are you doing here? Waiting for someone? Natalie perhaps?\" questioned Janet, giving a sly smile towards the end. Wesley's faces redden. \"Yes I am waiting for someone, but it is not Natalie. I am waiting for the letter carrier.\" \"I see. Aren't you bored? Waiting here all alone?\" Wesley gave a small laugh and smiled. \"Well I was, but you're here now and keeping me entertained.\" Janet laughed as she shifted her weight from foot to foot. \"Yea, I guess that's true.\" Wesley then pondered something. \"Janet? Where's Natalie?\" Asked Wesley wondering where his crush was. \"Hm? Oh she's helping Forbes with something, so I went walking around.\" Answered Janet, Wesley nodded. \"May I ask something?\" \"Go ahead.\" \"Why, come here, with me?\" Asked Wesley, curious to know the answer. \"Well, there's no one else around to talk too. Besides, despite how long we've known each other, we never really talked or spend time with one another.\" Answered Janet as she watched a bird fly overpasses them. Wesley nodded, her words held truth in them. Even after all they been through, they still didn't know what the other was like. \"You make a valid point. I guess I should be flattered that you want to get know me better.\" \"Uh, right.\" Both laughed, there friendship was growing and both we're happy. \"Hey, when the delivery guy comes and you give Robert whatever it is, let's go explore the camp and then later on Natalie can join us!\" Said Janet as she looked at Wesley with a smile, who returned it. \"That sounds like a wonderful idea Janet.\" Wesley said. True Friends make walking around the camp seem like an adventure* ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Otose: Well I noticed that even though Wesley and I are friends, we don't talk very much to each other. So I decided to do a chapter centered on our friendship. The * is from a small book that I have called True Friends and the real sentence is: True Friends make going to the mall seem like an adventure.[Chapter 3] Otose: Whoot! I got the 'ok' from Raven! Though she's not here at the moment. Any who! Let's get started with this chapters pairing! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Focus: Forbes and Natalie. Genre: Friendship. Natalie straight ahead a she walked along side Forbes, she wasn't sure where they were going or what. \"Hey Forbes, what we are doing?\" Asked Natalie as she looked up at the older man. He chuckled as he gave her a smile. \"Well, Robert hasn't given any orders and I am supposed to keep you and Mrs. Shaw away from each other, so I thought a stroll around the camp grounds would be fine.\" Answered Forbes as they turned onto the 'street' where Mulcahy first drilled the men. \"Oh, ok.\" Answered Natalie as the two keep on walking, then a question popped into her mind. \"Say Forbes?\" \"Hm?\" \"How come you're still calling Jane and me Mrs. Shaw and Sterling?\" She asked pure curiosity in her voice. Forbes smirked, she looked so innocent, not the trouble causing girl he was used too. \"Well aren't you Wesley's girl?\" Asked Forbes, teasing her a bit. Natalie face reddens at the remark. \"I- Oh I don't know.\" Natalie said as she looked at her feet. \"You're not sure?\" Asked Forbes, now why is that he wondered? \"Well, yes we both know we like each other, but it's not like its official. We haven't even gone on a date or anything!\" Natalie said as she thought about it. \"A date? Has Wesley even courted you?\" Asked Forbes, truly confused now. \"No, no. I guess things are different here than from back home.\" Natalie said trying to find a way to explain it. \"How are things done from where you are then?\" Asked Forbes. \"Well, when two people go out on a date, it's usually to get to know the other, and afterward they decide if they want to have a relationship.\" Natalie explained, hoping that she wasn't reveling too much of the future. \"How odd, that's not the way things are done here. Though I suppose if Wesley want's to impress you, he'll do just that.\" Natalie smiled at the thought, but then frowned. \"How can we go on dates when he's buys and Robert's giving me and Jane jobs to do?\" Asked Natalie. Forbes smiled, it was an easy answer. \"Simple, just ask someone to cover for your jobs.\" Stated Forbes, the two now walking down the dirt road past the mess hall. \"The only two people who I can think of are Janet and Charlie, is that enough?\" Asked Natalie trying to think of who else would help. Forbes chuckled. \"Natalie, I believe you have forgotten somebody.\" \"Who?\" \"Me you silly girl.\" Laughed Forbes, honestly he knew the girl next to him was smart, but she did have her moments. \"You would do that Forbes?\" Asked Natalie, she didn't ever think he would do something like that for her. \"But of course, we are friends aren't we?\" Asked Forbes amused by the whole conversation. Natalie smiled, \"Yea, yea we are. Thanks Forbes.\" \"No problem.\" Both smiled as they kept walking around, Forbes telling jokes and Natalie laughing. What an odd friendship, but a nice one. True Friends know laughter can be the best medicine. ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Otose: Yay! And the True Friends is the original text, which I am disclaiming at this moment. Hope you all enjoy this![Chapter 4] Otose: Back! Raven: Yes we are, these drabble series are for when u guys r waiting for me to send Otose my chapter! Otose: Not only is it fun, but it tides you guys over till then! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Focus: Robert and Janet. Genre: Friendship/Romance. Janet sighed as she sat on the steps of the mess. Natalie was whisked away with Wesley, who had asked her for her help, and she couldn't find Charlie anywhere! \"Boring!\" Janet whined as threw her hands in the air and let them flop down beside her. She finally had enough and went walking around the camp. \"Cus I love you baby, oh on these lonely nights, oh pretty baby, if it's quite alright, oh pretty baby, what will you say!\" Janet sang as she walked around. She didn't know the words to the whole song only that part. Well she got pretty carried away and stopped in a secluded spot and sang out loud. \"CUS I LOVE YOU BABY! IF IT'S QUITE ALRIGHT OH PRETTY BABY ON THESE LONEY NIGHTS OH PRETTY BABY, WHAT WILL YOU SAY?\" She said jumping/stomping on her feet as she sang the high note. \"LET ME LOVE YOU! OH YOU'RE JUST TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE! I CAN'T TAKE MY EYES OFF OF YOU.\" She sang as she spun around, enjoying herself, she can entertain herself without having Natalie beside her to cause trouble. Janet smiled as she was going to repeat herself, but stopped dead and almost fainted when she hear a certain someone's voice. \"Miss Torres?\" Janet turned around and stared in horror/shock at Robert who was watching her with a curies and amused look. Robert didn't mean to put the girl into shock. He was walking around camp, when suddenly he heard someone sing and followed it, to his surprise it was Miss Torres who was singing and apparently unaware of him watching. He also noticed the words, who was she singing about? \"May I ask you something?\" Robert asked, trying to gain the girls attention. He sighed when she didn't reply and continued anyway. \"Who were you singing about?\" Janet snapped out of it at the moment, she wasn't singing about anyone, it just happened to be a song stuck in her head. \"No one, it's just a song from back home.\" Janet answered as she fully faced Robert, not making eye contact. \"I see, have you nothing to do?\" Robert asked, he noticed that she rolled her eyes at the question. He pouted a bit; really there was no need for that. \"No Robert I don't\" Answered Janet as she turned around and began to walk away. Robert watched her, a bit offended at her behavior. \"Miss Torres! I am not done talking to you!\" Robert scowled as he followed after her, ready to give her a piece of his mind, but again she sang and again he listened. Who was she singing about? Why was it getting to him? \"Miss Torres! I command you to stop!\" Robert said, pulling rank on her. She did and gave a pout. \"If you have nothing to do then follow me, I'm sure I can assign you something.\" She said nothing as she walked over to him and began following him. Robert kept walking around the camp with Miss Torres behind trailing after him. He heard her mumble and listened to her words. \"Cus I love you baby and if it's quite alright, oh pretty baby.\" He sighed, she said she wasn't singing about anyone, but she could of have easily lied to him. \"Miss Torres, are you sure you're not singing about someone?\" Robert asked as he looked at her. Janet looked back right at him. \"Why? Does it bother you?\" Janet asked. Robert gave a surprised look, did, did she say that he could be joules? Maybe, maybe not but he was not joules! \"No it does not, I'm just wondering.\" Robert stated a bit defensive. \"Oh Robert, if it will make you feel better I'll sing it again, but this time about you.\" Janet replied with a smile and a roll of her eyes. \"CUS I LOVE YOU BABY! AND IF IT'S QUITE ALRIGHT! OH PRETTY BABY, ON THESE LONLEY NIGHTS!\" Robert felt is face heating up; she was singing the song, but this time for him. He wasn't sure whether to be flattered or to stop her. Janet noticed his face become red and gave a small smile. \"Robert you're turning red as a cherry.\" Robert turned even redder, this girl was quite unbelievable. Janet gave a small sigh as she walked right up to him and placed her hand on his forehead. Robert shivered, her hands were quite cold. \"Well it's not a fever.\" She stated as she stepped back, hand by her side. Robert tried finding his words to say something, but he was at a total lost. Janet watched him smiling, the corner of her mouth twitching a little. \"Robert? Your turning blue, you need to breath.\" Janet said as she tapped him on the nose. Robert blinked and took a breath. He didn't notice when he had stopped breathing, but he did indeed notice the young Hispanic before him tap him on the nose. \"Usually I do that to my dog to grab his attention. I guess it works on men too.\" Janet commented, smiling. Again he was at lost for words, what type of young lady acted like this young lady before him? \"Rob? You ok?\" Janet asked as she waved her hand in front of his face. Janet jumped in surprised as Robert caught her hand around the wrist. Both just stood there in silence and waited to see what the other would do. \"Miss Torres, we have wasted enough time.\" Stated Robert as he let go of her wrist and walked away. Janet sighed, but gave a small playful smirk as she watched him walk away. \"Well I'll be damned, Robert has a nice ass.\" Janet said as she smirked and walked away singing that ever present song in her mind. \"Cus I love you baby…\" ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Otose: ^_^ I loved it! Raven: Otose you perv! *laughs* Otose: Hey! At least I'm not as bad as a few certain friends of ours. Raven: Oh gosh, the horror! Both: Thanks for reading please review! ","Summary":" Otose: I got bored. Raven: Me too, so a one shot for glory! Otose: Yup! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"You Give Me Something to Believe In","Author":"ViCtOrIoUsGaL41822","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6102181","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nikko's POV \" I hear that song and I can still picture us Not sure where we went wrong Maybe love isn't always enough I'm missing you, that's all I know Are we better off this way I'm listening to the radio and I see your face\" I rolled my eyes as the words of Ta-Da's music filled my ears. Even though I had quit Spectacular! I still came to their showcases for support…well, mostly to see Courtney. Even if that meant having to sit through Ta-Da's performance's. I had just gotten to the annual summer concert when Ta-Da had begun their song. Of course they were singing their #1 hit, 'Lonely Love Song'. Not that I cared or anything, I have just heard that damn song a million times. I found an empty seat and slumped down. Resting my cheek on my hand, I watched the group in boredom. My gaze fixed on Tammi and Royce, the lead singers. They moved in almost perfect synchronization. Watching Tammi, I noticed that she was really hot. Her hair flowed down her shoulders and her makeup made her whole face light up. She moved very gracefully across the stage and her voice almost makes you want to melt. I shook my head and blinked a few times. God damn Nikko get a grip on yourself. Suddenly I felt a deep vibration from my pocket. I pulled my phone out, it was a text from Tajid. He told me to come meet them backstage. Rising from my seat, I slowly moved my way through the crowd and gazed around for the backstage entrance. I glanced back up at the stage and saw Royce giving me a strange look. He wasn't paying attention to what he was doing and accidently ran into Tammi. She gave him a quick look of death, and then continued with their song. I laughed to myself and walked up the aisle. Now, I haven't actually seen any of The Tackies in…..months I guess. I'm not even sure how long, but it's been a while. I was really excited to see them all…especially Courtney. I was really crazy about her, but we weren't exactly a couple because we both were so shit-tight with our careers. I have taken her out a few times when we do get to see each other and those are the moments that I will hold onto forever. I walked by a door and stared at it for a moment, wondering if it was the entrance to the back of the stage. I turned to see if there was anyone around to help me when I felt a hand grab the back of my jacket and pull me behind the door. Aha! It was the right door. \"Whoa!\" I said as I was dragged inside. I turned around to see who the hand belonged to…Hoping it was…yes! It was Courtney. Before I could say anything she wrapped her arms around my neck and planted her lips against mine. I slid my arms around her waist and embraced her kiss. God it felt good to be with her again. Holding her, kissing her, hearing her voice. Even though she hadn't said anything yet. She pulled away and showed me a dazzling smile. \"I can't believe you're here,\" she said with rejoice in her voice. There was that gorgeous voice I knew and loved. Wow, she looked so beautiful. Her dark hair was flowing down her shoulders in long, perfect curls. She had just enough makeup on to make her face glow. She wore a purple blouse and dark, skinny jeans. I guess Spectacular! Went purple…I wasn't really sure. I really didn't care at the moment. I entwined my fingers in hers. \"What force on this earth would stop me?\" I said gently. Then silence fell upon us. I guess we were just enjoying the moment of being together again. The silence wasn't awkward; it was wonderful…in its own way. Boy, I wanted to kiss her again. I wanted to feel the taste of her lips against mine, and her body against me. She gently placed her hand against my cheek and stroked it with her thumb. \"It's been so long Nikko. I almost forgot what your voice sounded like,\" I heard her voice crack and I saw a small tear slide down her face. I raised my hand and wiped the tear away. Her skin was so soft and delicate, almost as if it would break at my touch. \"Well, we'll have to fix that won't we?\" I brought her close to me and felt her tremble under my arms. \"Courtney, relax. I'm here now,\" I said soothingly and rubbed her back. Right then and there, I heard a voice interrupt us. \"Courtney, it's almost time for….Nikko! Buddy you came!\" the voice belonged to Caspian, a member of Spectacular! And a great friend. He too wore a purple shirt and dark jeans. So Spectacular! Was going purple…for now at least. Courtney pulled away from me in embarrassment. I walked over to Caspian and shook his hand. \"Nice to see you too Casp,\" This kid was really an inspiration to me. I would always respect him for that. No matter how dorky he can be. Caspian gave me a huge grin then turned to Courtney. \"We gotta' go Court. Curtain in 5,\" He said seriously. He patted me on the back as he began to leave. \"Great to see you again Nikko. See you after the show?\" I nodded. \"Sure thing buddy,\" I laughed then turned to Courtney. I could tell something was wrong. I put my hands on her arms. \"Hey, everything's ok. Look at me,\" I lifted her chin up. \"I'm here. I will be with you everyday if that's what it's going to take. I…\" Courtney put her hand up to stop me. \"It's not that. It's…..\" Caspian came back. \"Courtney c'mon! Curtain in 3!\" This time, he waited for her. Courtney began to walk towards him. \"I'll tell you after the show,\" She looked into my eyes, slowly slipped her fingers out of mine, then walked away with Caspian. At the time, I didn't know that that was the last time I would see her for a very…..long time.[Chapter 2] A/N: Alright, so I didn't think of this when I began this story, but I'm going to sort of add a super natural twist to it. I hope it's better than what I originally thought of! I decided that I wasn't going to go back to my seat, so I watched the Tackies' performance backstage. I smiled to myself as I watched them, remembering my days with Spectacular. They were days I would never forget. My eyes mainly focused on Courtney. God was she beautiful. Her feet moved gracefully across the stage to the beat of the music. Her voice was so angel-like that it would make anyone go weak in the knees. Well, me at least. But, I noticed something as I stood there watching her. Her eyes looked…sad. I began to wonder if it was because of what ever she was going to tell me. She really seemed bothered by it. I would find out soon enough. For in the next moment, something happened that none of us would ever forget. As Courtney moved to the center of the stage for a solo, the lights all of a sudden started flickering like Christmas lights. Every one stopped. Voices murmured around the theater and gazes moved left and right. I heard people rush around back stage, trying to see what the problem was. I turned my back to possibly offer my help when I felt the floor rumble under my feet. I swiftly turned back around, only to be shot into the air by a massive explosion. My back slammed into the ground. I groaned as pain flew from my spine all through out my entire body. Screams were ringing through my ears. I got up and gaped as I saw the stage in flames and Courtney roll off the stage. I screamed her name and tried to race after her, but I felt strong arms wrap around my waist. I was held too tightly to see the person who bound me. Then, I felt a sharp shooting pain slam through my torso. The strong hands released me and I collapsed. My vision began to blur as I felt a whip into the back off my head. My breathing got heavy and I slowly slipped into unconsciousness. The smell of smoke filled my lungs as I came to. Blood rushed to my head as I sat up. I gazed around at my surroundings. The whole theater was filled with smoke and ashes. I stared at the stage. It was in pieces. I slowly rose to my feet and groaned as immediate pain flowed through. Those stupid bastards. I quickly shuffled my feet until I reached the center…or what was left of the stage. Staring in chock, I noticed the smashed instruments and musical equipment scattered around me. I looked out towards the seats. Half of the balcony had fallen into the middle of the theater. I hoped no one had gotten hurt. Hurt. Courtney! I leaped down from the stage, hoping to find where she had fallen. I searched the entire front of the stage. She was gone. I suddenly felt dizzy again. I heard a ruffling of paper under my feet as I grabbed the edge of the stage. I bent down and saw a -non burnt- folded up piece of paper. I slipped it into my fingers and opened it. Want to come and play? We have your girl. All the fun is happening at the old Warren house. Hope to see you there Mr. Alexander They had Courtney. It had to be the same idiots who blew up the theater and knocked the hell out of me. I crumbled the note in my hand and dropped it. Then I grasped the hairs on my head. No one was going to mess with Courtney while there was still a breath in my body. I felt a slight liquid across my fingertips and lowered my hand. It was covered in blood. Shit. \"Nikko!\" I heard a voice from some where in the auditorium. I quickly looked around, but no one was there. \"Nikko!\" I heard my name again. \"Hello? Who's there?\" I called back. This probably was not the smartest thing to do. But I was in so much pain and I just wanted to get away from all this damn smoke. Suddenly, I saw Janet rushing towards me. \"Nikko! Are you ok?\" She called out to me. No, as a matter of fact, I was not ok. I got beaten up by a couple of bastards and then they took my girlfriend! But thanks for asking. I slowly shuffled towards her. \"Some idiots knocked me out, but I'll be fine. Are you ok?\" Once I got close to her, I saw her face was struck with tears. \"Janet, what's wrong?\" \"Courtney's gone. We've got half the town looking for her. We can't find her anywhere. And then we saw that you were missing and thought she was with you,\" I sighed and looked down at my ash covered feet. \"She's not here,\" I said sadly, then looked back up at her. \"But I'm gonna find her,\" Janet looked at me with frightened eyes. \"How? This city is huge. It could take you days to find her,\" \"I think I have a pretty good idea of where she is,\" I wasn't going to tell her about the note I found. I was going to handle this problem on my own. When Courtney finally came back to consciousness, she found herself in a strange place. By the looks of it, she was in very tattered bedroom. Everything was old and dusty. She saw the door and tried to move towards it, but she was bound to a chair by tight ropes. She groaned. What kind of idiots would bring her here? \"Ahh, the goddess has awakened,\" came a scruffy voice. Courtney looked around, but saw no one. Suddenly, she saw a man dressed head-to-toe in black, standing in front of her. He looked like he was in his late teens. Courtney rolled her eyes. If this kid tried to rape her, she would knock the hell out of him. She sighed. \"May I help you? Or are you going to be a gentleman and untie me?\" The man let out a laugh then ran a cold finger down Courtney's cheek as he began to circle her. \"Feisty. I like it. And gorgeous as well. I really lucked out,\" He smirked and began to tangle his fingers through her hair. Courtney took a seep breath. She was not going to be afraid of this guy. What ever happened, she would stay calm. \"What do you want?\" She growled. Suddenly, he disappeared. Courtney gasped and quickly gazed around the room. Then, he was in front of her again, his face inches from hers. \"I just want to have some fun. I'm here on a visit, so I thought to hang with some locals,\" He chuckled and winked at her, then strode to the other side of the room. Nikko, where are you? Courtney pleaded silently. ","Summary":" Nikko's POV \" I hear that song and I can still picture us Not sure where we went wrong Maybe love "},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Spectacular! 2: Bizarre New Competition","Author":"Selena Lumina","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5343709","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Okay, guys!\" Courtney Lane and her boyfriend Nikko Alexander stood before their showchoir, looking over the members. They were all seniors, now. All of them had been accepted to Juilliard, so they d be continuing Spectacular in college. \"Now, I know Ta-Da is no longer together, but we still need to work hard to win.\" The others nodded. \"We need a song,\" Nikko said. \"We need a song no one has ever done before.\" They whispered to each other. \"I have one,\" Caspian said. \"It's by a band from Germany. They're called Cinema Bizarre.\" The others whispered to each other. \"What song is it?\" Courtney asked. \"It's called Escape To The Stars.\" \"Let's hear it,\" Nikko said. Caspian put the cd in. I'm sick and tired Of this so-called life Without room to breathe I toss and turn In my bed all night Am I the only one Who finds no peace (What are you waiting for What are you waiting for) Escape to the stars Feeling so free Just you and me Escape to the stars Chasing a dream All that we need Is to believe Escape to the stars I ve always been one To speak my mind Strove against the stream Take on the system Or leave it behind And you will find A new reality (What are you waiting for What are you waiting for) Escape to the stars Feeling so free Just you and me Escape to the stars Chasing a dream All that we need Is to believe Escape to the stars (A new reality) Overcome gravity Holding you down On the ground Free from the sanity No one else is around Escape to the stars Feeling so free Just you and me Escape to the stars Chasing a dream All that we need Is to believe Escape to the stars Feeling so free (So free) Just you and me Escape to the stars Chasing a dream All that we need Is to believe (Believe) Escape to the stars (Believe) \"It's perfect,\" said Joey Rome, the music teacher. The others murmured their agreements. \"So, we're singing Escape To The Stars,\" Courtney said. \"Well, we'd better get started,\" Nikko said, looking at Courtney. She nodded. \"I say we let Caspian lead this song, since it s his song selection.\" They nodded and jumped onto the stage, smiling. Selena here. Yay, new story! It'll get better. I hope. LOL. Reviews?[Chapter 2] \"Alright, guys, we're on. Let's get out there and show them how spectacular we really are.\" They walked onto the stage. Caspian: I'm sick and tired Of this so-called life Without room to breathe Janet: I toss and turn In my bed all night Am I the only one Who finds no peace Nikko and Courtney: What are you waiting for What are you waiting for All: Escape to the stars Feeling so free Just you and me Escape to the stars Chasing a dream All that we need Is to believe Escape to the stars Tajid: I've always been one To speak my mind Strove against the stream Zack: Take on the system Or leave it behind And you will find A new reality N&C;: What are you waiting for What are you waiting for All: Escape to the stars Feeling so free Just you and me Escape to the stars Chasing a dream All that we need Is to believe Escape to the stars Nikko: (A new reality) Courtney: Overcome gravity Holding you down On the ground Nikko: Free from the sanity No one else is around N&C;: Escape to the stars Feeling so free Just you and me Escape to the stars Chasing a dream All that we need Is to believe All: Escape to the stars Feeling so free (Caspian: So free) Just you and me Escape to the stars Chasing a dream All that we need Is to believe (Caspian: Believe) Escape to the stars (Caspian: Believe) \"That's our song,\" whispered Timothy Smith, a pale, blonde male. Sebastian Erickson looked at him. \"We'll win,\" he said. \"We have to. We're Cinema Bizarre.\" \"Right,\" Kristian said. \"We are, when we're in stadiums. But here, we're just ToyZ.\" Sebastian bit his lip. \"I know, Kiro. Shin, relax. We can still win.\" \"And now,\" said the announcer, \"put your hands together for the newest showchoir to the competition, ToyZ!\" The boys ran onto the stage. All: I don't know What you've been through I see it on you I don't know What you've been through Now how does it feel How does it feel now How does it feel Strify: You've always been Just like a riddle I find you so hard To figure out I could just wonder till forever Still there's something I don't know about All: I don't know What you've been through I see it on you I don't know What you've been through Now how does it feel How does it feel now How does it feel Luminor: Let me in It's now or never No matter how I try to win It never gets any better And now I'm Sitting here again All: I don't know What you've been through I see it on you I don't know What you've been through Now how does it feel How does it feel now How does it feel S&L;: Tell me now Tell me how I need to know Tell me now Tell me how I need to know How it feels How does it feel All: I don't know What you've been through I see it on you I don't know What you've been through Now how does it feel How does it feel now How does it feel S&L;: Tell me now Tell me how I need to know Tell me now Tell me how I need to know How it feels How does it feel How does it feel now How does it feel \"That was ToyZ! Aren't they incredible?\" Tim, Kristian, Felix, and Sebastian were sitting together when Caspian approached them. \"Great job out there,\" he said. Sebastian smiled. \"Danke. You, too.\" Caspian smiled. \"Yea. I got your album Final Attraction last night.\" The four looked at each other. \"Yea. I know you're Cinema Bizarre.\" Sebastian stood up. \"So what?\" Caspian glared at him. \"You're cheaters,\" he said. \"You should be disqualified, because you're famous.\" Sebastian laughed. \"So should you. Your male lead is also a famous rockstar. Nikko Alexander from Flux?\" Caspian snorted. \"Nikko wouldn't BE famous if not for Spectacular. But, whatever. I won't tell. I'll let you guys get found out on your own.\" Sebastian grabbed him. \"If you do tell on us, we'll tell on you.\" Caspian growled and walked away. He wasn't going to tell. Not if it meant getting disqualified. ","Summary":" \"Okay, guys!\" Courtney Lane and her boyfriend Nikko Alexander stood before their showchoir, looki"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Don't Forget","Author":"MusicIsTheLifex3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4894270","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note:nThis is a simple story for the Nickelodeon Original Movie,nSpectacular! because I really enjoyed it. Please read, but I'm notna very good writer. Review! Summary: At the endnof the movie, what if Nikko hadn't come? What if he had just stayednwith the audition, got the record deal, and became a big-timenrockstar? 2 years later, Courtney is in college, and Nikko is still anrockstar. What happens when they meet again? Includes the gang fromnCamp Rock! Pairings:nNikkoxCourtney, JanetxOC, MitchiexShane, TammixRoyce, CaitlynxNate,nJasonxOC, TessxOC Disclaimer: I do notnown Spectacular!, any of its characters, actors, actresses, or plot.nOR Stanford. Lol. (CourtneynPOV) Inlet out a breath of cold air as I walked towards my dorm building. Itnwas almost spring, but still pretty cold. When I arrived in front ofnmy room that I share with my roommates, I turned open the knob andnwent inside. Inside, one of my roommates Caitlyn Gellar sat on hernbed with a book open in front of her. \"HeynCaitlyn.\" I greeted her, putting my bag down. No answer. \"Caitlyn.\"nI tried again. Still nothing. \"CAITLYN!\" I yelled. She jumped up.nI sighed. \"What?nOh, hey Courtney.\" She said as she pulled her headphones out of hernears. Rolling my eyes, I pulled out a bunch of papers from my bag,nand sat down on my bed. \"Heynguys.\" Said Mitchie Torres, a petite brunette who was my othernroommate. She and Caitlyn had already known each other beforencollege, from some music summer camp called Camp Rock or something.n\"Guess who's rumored to be coming here?\" she asked. \"Connectn3?\" I guessed, grinning. She blushed. Shane Grey was the leadnsinger of the group Connect 3, and also Mitchie's boyfriend sincenthe summer they met at Camp Rock. And, Nate, another member of thengroup, was dating Caitlyn. Jason, I don't think he's datingnanyone. \"No…FLUX!\"nshe yelled excitedly. \"…\" \"Aren'tnyou excited?\" she asked, putting her hands on her hips. I shrugged. \"Whynwould I be excited for the guy who let me down and the people whoncaused him to?\" I replied, staring at the ceiling. \"Huh?\"nasked Caitlyn. Insighed, and explained everything that had happened 2 years ago. I hadnfound Nikko at a performance that he and his band put on, watched himnget kicked out of his own band, offered him a spot in Spectacular,nthe show choir, he turned me down, but eventually came to thenshowcase the next day. He saw us perform, didn't like it, and saidnflat out no. Then, at rehearsal a few days later he showed up, saidnhe wanted to do it, but I said no. He put on a little performance,nwhich convinced us to let him in. Blablabla. Eventually he ended upnchanging Spectacular's style, and we were ready fornchampionships…until Nikko decided to just go to an audition for anrecord deal instead…and we lost to Ta-Da again, Nikko got hisndream, I got my heart broken, and here we are now. Whoop-de-do. \"Aw…that'snso…sad?\" said Mitchie afterwards, making it sound more like anquestion. I sighed and went back to my book. \"Look, Courtney…Fluxnreally is coming here. And there was a contest for whoever's namenwas drawn, they got to spend a day with Nikko…and then dinner…\"nshe trailed off. Indidn't look up. \"So?\" \"Insort of entered your name…\" she said nervously. My eyes widened. Insat up, looked at her, and said, \"WHAT?!\" \"I'mnsorry! I didn't know you guys sort of…yeah…\" she said. Ingroaned. \"Sorry, Courtney…\" she said again, coming over to sitnby me. \"It'snfine. It's not like I'm going to win anyways.\" I answered,nsmiling. Her face broke out into a smile too, and she walked back tonher bag. \"Hopefully.\" I muttered under my breath. (NikkonPOV) \"Nikko!nLet's go! We need to get to that college, or whatever it is soon!\"nyelled my bandmate Eric. Insighed, and yelled back, \"I'll be there in a few minutes!\" andncontinued to just sit there. I thought about what had happened overnthe past few years. So much had changed…I had become a rockstar,nbut yet I still felt empty. I got up and walked to the mirror. \"Pullnyourself together, Nikko. This has been your dream since 3rdngrade…this is what you want…\" I told myself. Checking my watch,nI realized we had little time to get there, so I rushed to where thenlimo was waiting. Whennwe arrived to whatever it was called, I got out of the limo. We werengreeted with screaming fans and bright flashes. \"Ok,ncalm down.\" Boomed a voice. I looked up to see a man standingnthere, with a smile on his face. \"Mr. Johnson. Head of StanfordnUniversity.\" So that's what this place is called… \"Nikko,ncome on!\" whispered my other bandmate Niles. I followed Mr. Johnsonnto a stage. He led us backstage, which wasn't much. \"Ok,nwe need to announce the winner of the contest, so one second.\" Mr.nJohnson said, pushing past to the front of the stage. \"Contest?\"nI asked, puzzled. Niles and Eric, and Amy, our other bandmate, lookednat each other nervously. Nilesnsighed, and explained, \"Look, man. You've…sort of had a roughnlove life…so we made up a contest. The lucky girl who gets drawnngets to spend a day with you and a date…\" \"WHAT?!\"nI yelled. Niles winced. \"Guys, how could you? Without mynpermission?\" I said, incredulously. Just then, Mr. Johnson'snvoice could be heard. \"Andnnow, I introduce to you a group who needs no introduction…Flux!\"nhe said, clapping. We walked onstage, smiling and waving. \"Now, thenmoment many ladies have been waiting for…bring out the box!\" hensaid. A big box was brought out onto the stage. \"Andnthe winner is…\" he started, picking a piece of paper and openingnit. \"Courtney Lane!\" he announced. I froze. I knew thatnname…\"Courtney? Come on up!\" said Mr. Johnson, looking around. Justnthen, we heard a commotion going in the crowd. \"I don't want tongo! Mitchie! Ow! Caitlyn, stop that!\" said a familiar voice. Twongirls pushed a brunette onstage. I recognized her. \"Courtney?\"nI whispered, staring at her. She avoided my eyes, and looked straightnat the ground. \"Look I'm really sorry about…\" \"Aboutnwhat, Nikko? The fact that you let us down, after knowing how muchnthis meant to us? I know that was a big opportunity, but seriously,nNikko? With the band that kicked you out? Do you know how long Inspent crying afterwards, knowing we could've done it, we could'venwon. It's not just for me, Nikko. It was for Janet, Caspian, andneveryone else. And the fact that you're apologizing two years laternis pathetic.\" She said coldly. I could see tears forming in herneyes. Allnof a sudden, we realized there was silence around us. Everyone wasnstaring at us, some confused, some filming it. Mr.nJohnson chuckled nervously, and broke the silence. \"Ok!nSo…Courtney, you get to spend a day with Nikko Alexander! Meet usnhere tomorrow morning, around 7 AM. Oh, don't worry, we're notnall going. Just you and Nikko.\" Thatnjust made her more unhappy. \"Great. Fantastic. Just wonderful…justnSpectacular!\" she replied sarcastically. I shuffled my feetnnervously, and turned to her. \"Look,nCourtney...\" I started. But she didn't let me finish. \"Savenit, Nikko.\" She said, turning and walking away. I sighed, andnwalked away too. Author'snNote: So, that's chapter one. It isn't very good…and I don'tnknow if I should continue. Please review and tell me if I should! Oh,nand if I do…I need auditions for Jason's girlfriend, Pleasenreview with this information: Namen(First name): Agen(That you want to be in the story): Appearancen(Hair color, eye color, skin, blablabla.): Personality: Whynyou want the part: Thanknyou! :) -nKristi[Chapter 2] Okay, so you guysnall probably know that I'm not the kind of person who reallynupdates quickly. So this story is officially on hiatus, and possiblynI may not continue it. I mean, I love Spectacular, but I don't haventhe heart to finish this. Two Worlds Collide will be updated as soonnas possible, and I'll write the next chapter of You Make Me Craziernsoon. Thank you. xxx. Kristi ","Summary":" Author's Note:nThis is a simple story for the Nickelodeon Original Movie,nSpectacular! because I re"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Nikko's Lullaby","Author":"xMysterious Darknessx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5006839","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nikko's lullaby Chapter 1 Your Voice NikkoxStavros Slash. Nikko blames his brother for his obsession with singing... \"Later, Caspian, Tajid!\" Nikko shouted as the two boys descended the stairs to the exit of he and his brother's small apartment. They were always the last ones to leave, Nikko having to strain each time how important his 'beauty sleep' was. They had the energy equivalent to that of a thousand stampeding horses, never quite ready to stop dancing. \"Bye!\" and \"Goodnight!\" came the two simultaneous replies before the closing of a heavy door. \"You sure that's the last of them?\" Stavros asked sarcastically. The first time they had come to visit—study—Stavros had counted at least 13 or 14 of them before loosing count. He was surprised—proud, really—that his little brother had finally joined the right crowd, the one that actually focused on their work. All the other times Nikko had brought friends home it had either been that noisy band of his of some other reckless, rebellious hooligan—upon their departure, Stavros would remind Nikko each time how important his studies were, but to his disappointment he always got the same sarcastic reaction: \"What are you, my mother?\" Nikko just didn't understand how hard the real world was... \"Should be...\" Nikko breathed, wiping the sweat from his brow. Stavros stepped closer to him, raising a hand to his forehead to check for temperature. It was surprisingly hot. \"Studying to hardcore for you?\" Nikko rolled his eyes, circumventing that argument as he curved around his brother to reach the kitchen. All that work and he still hadn't even had dinner yet. \"I'm starved,\" he said upon opening the fridge, \"that's all.\" Stavros crossed his arms. \"You shouldn't be out studying in the cold all night, you know. You can study inside just as well—better, even.\" Nikko shot him a look of annoyance. \"There are a total of 19 of us without Courtney, isn't that against the fire safety code?\" he asked, rather pleased with himself for the excuse. Examining the items in the refrigerator, Nikko decided he was in the mood for cereal. Now it was Stavros' turn to roll his eyes, though it went unnoticed by Nikko. \"Like anyone actually abides by those rules. And who's this Courtney of which you speak? A girlfriend perhaps?\" he asked, though he did not truly wish to know the answer. Fishing out the milk from within the fridge before grabbing a bowl, he uncommittedly responded, \"She's just one of my coworkers.\" He pondered this for a moment. It wasn't like Nikko to have lost interest in girls altogether, even if it was only for a couple of weeks he would often talk of them. And though he seemed to have recovered quite fast after Amy, he still hadn't gone after any of the other girls. Changes in Nikko's behavior like this often led to greater problems. Suddenly snapping out of it, however, Stavros growled in annoyance. \"It's not breakfast time, Nikko, it's 11:30. You should be in bed, not eating coco puffs.\" \"Hey! I didn't get dinner, I'm starving. Plus I'm not even tired.\" And then the inevitable happened, he yawned. \"Was that just a cliché moment or are you planning on staying up all night studying alone?\" Stavros asked impatiently. \"You could help me, I suppose,\" Nikko replied. Immediately regretting having asked that, after all it was increasing his risks of getting caught. He hadn't actually studied in ages! Stavros was caught off guard by this, stunned immensely. He chuckled in disbelief. \"You're not serious, are you?\" Nikko remained straight faced, staring his brother down. He knew he shouldn't be getting help from his brother but he probably needed it for the sake of his grades or else his lies were sure to slip up some time. And though Nikko would never admit it, he didn't exactly hate the idea of spending some quality time with his brother... \"...You're not joking?\" Stavros asked as he calmed his laughter. \"Well, my math teacher has been recommending I get a tutor for some time now—I just thought it best to go with you, seeing as you're my cheapest option.\" \"Heh, who says I don't charge?\" Stavros smirked. \"I do, because I'm your brother.\" Stavros just rolled his eyes. \"Whatever, do you want my help or not?\" Nikko nodded and set down his cereal for a moment to get his books. It wasn't long before Stavros had explained perfectly each of the algebraic processes which Nikko had had the most trouble with in such a way that he could actually comprehend, whereas from his teacher he only heard meaningless words and infinite numbers. \"Wow... you're actually really good with this stuff, Stav,\" Nikko acknowledged with evident shock. \"I see you are surprised,\" Stavros observed, slightly insulted. \"You should go to college, Stav,\" Nikko suggested sincerely. \"Become a doctor like you've always dreamed.\" Stavros gave a small laugh. \"You remember that?\" \"Of course I do—it wasn't that long ago that you portrayed your conviction so theatrically,\" Nikko said, pausing momentarily to clear his throat. \"'Mom,'\" he began in a high, mocking voice, \"'guess what I wanna be when I grow up!\" \"Hey! My voice wasn't that high!\" Stavros complained in a joking manner. He was amazed that Nikko actually remembered that, really. \"You just didn't hear yourself when you talked,\" Nikko teased. \"Yeah, well I was only eleven then, making you about six—I didn't know you had such good memory.\" \"Eh, it comes and goes,\" Nikko replied before letting out a big yawn and leaning down to rest his head on the table tiredly. \"Alright, time for bed!\" Stavros announced, trying his best to tug the boy from his slumped position. Nikko groaned in annoyance at first before turning his head tiredly. \"Carry me?\" he asked hopelessly. Stavros lifted a brow incredulously. \"And how do you suppose I do that? You're far too heavy.\" \"Just as you used to, remember?\" \"You were small back then, not full-grown as you are now.\" Nikko let out a whine of protest before sitting up and leaning against his brother's chest, slinging his arms around his neck. Stavros' face turned a deep red. \"Nikko, wha-what are you doing?\" he stammered. \"I'm not letting go until you take me to my bed.\" After a few attempts to escape Nikko's foolproof grasp, Stavros gave up. \"You are so dead come morning,\" he grumbled miserably. \"Whatever you say,\" Nikko said softly as he felt himself being lifted and carried by strong arms. A sudden feeling of security washed over him and Nikko found himself truly content and safe within his brother's hold. \"Oh, why don't you ever clean up your room?\" Stavros asked before tripping over some sort of amp cord, alarming Nikko and himself as they fell upon Nikko's bed, Nikko in a curled, side-down position with Stavros lying flat on top of him, their faces merely centimeters apart. Nikko's eyes were wide with excitement for a moment before silently beginning to relax and close once more. \"Sorry,\" he said softly before re-opening one eye. \"You aren't hurt, are you?\" \"No, I'm quite alright,\" came Stavros' soft reply as he pulled himself into a standing position. \"I didn't crush you, did I?\" Nikko smiled. \"No,\" he answered, his voice nearing a whisper. \"Good, get some sleep.\" And with that, Stavros turned to leave. But before he could, a hand somehow made its way to his and tugged him backward. \"What now?\" he asked irritably, though he was glad for the excuse to stay. \"Sing me to sleep,\" Nikko ordered softly. Stavros sighed. \"Nikko, I have work in three hours and you have school, we both need some rest.\" \"Then stay here... please.\" It was rare that Stavros saw his brother beg, let alone simply ask for something. Stavros sighed again. \"My, my, you are sick, aren't you?\" Helping Nikko into bed then crawling in after him himself, he realized just how small Nikko's bed made for two grown men—well, almost grown in Nikko's case. \"Will you be my cure?\" Nikko asked as he snuggled up against his brother's firm chest. \"We have medicine if you need some,\" he replied weakly, knowing his self-control was fading. God, Nikko was so fucking cute. \"Be my medicine, Stavros. Sing me a lullaby. You know... like you used to.\" \"Is that what this is about, you miss the past?\" Stavros asked concernedly. \"I miss you, Stav.\" Again, Stavros felt he'd been taken off guard. He chuckled a little, feeling almost euphoric yet completely confused at the same time. \"We see each other everyday, Nikko,\" he countered, his voice soft with care. \"Yeah, for, like, five minutes. I wanna hang out with you more often, I want... I want the old Stavros back.\" Stavros looked away as he said this, as if the words caused pain for him to hear them. \"I'm sorry... have I really changed that much?\" Nikko nodded. \"After dad left when I was five, and then mom's death when you were barely eighteen. You've become so much more distant—I know we've been through a lot, but we've done it together, don't you realize?\" \"I know,\" Stavros sighed. \"I'm so sorry you had to go through that, you were so little...\" \"But you helped, Stav. You did, you made it possible for us both to move on from that.\" Stavros looked up into Nikko's caring eyes before realizing the forgiveness they held for all his faults and personality flaws. \"Do you still want me to sing to you? You are a much greater singer than I, you know.\" Nikko chuckled. \"I like it when you sing,\" Nikko argued, poking his brother in the side. \"So yes, if it's not too much to ask for, I would like that a lot.\" \"Nothing can ever be too much to ask for if it's for you,\" Stavros whispered. Nikko's eyes flickered with such emotion that Stavros felt overcome by the moment and began singing a lullaby he still remembered from long ago... \"Just like the rain sings a soft lullaby I will comfort you, I will comfort you Sure as the sun in the morning will rise I won't falter you, I won't falter you Maybe I am helpless, there is nothing I can do But 'til the very end I can stand by you I'm never gonna fix you now But I will love you anyhow...\" And just like that, Stavros' words wove a magic world to which Nikko longed to escape to—and he did so in his dreams with Stavros as his consciousness slipped away. Stavros stopped singing and chuckled a little, patting his brother's hair. \"Sleep, baby... just sleep,\" he cooed before his eyelids drooped shut and he, too, was whisked away into a world with endless possibilities. Your Voice is the light to my path upon which I tread to reach a better future with you... So that's part one one of this story. Originally intended to be a oneshot, this story actually wormed it's way into my heart cuz I fell so hopelessly in love with this pairing. If it ain't your thing--the writing, the pairing, whatever!--your loss, not mine. Next update already in progress, coming up later tonite--4/19/09. xMysterious Darknessx[Chapter 2] Nikko's Lullaby Chapter Two Your Eyes NikkoxStavros In which Nikko prepares a special surprise for Stavros... Nikko found his peaceful slumber being annoyingly disturbed by the sound of Boys Like Girls' Dance Hall Drug playing on his alarm clock. Reaching over to press the snooze bar, he met with a problem... Something was in his bed. His brows furrowed before he raised his eyelids to find his brother, who seemed fast asleep by the looks of it. Nikko smiled involuntarily before reaching over him and pressing the 'off' button to kill the noise, cutting the song off mid-chorus. He had a little surprise in mind for Stavros... Stavros groaned at the sound of the radio playing beside him. The volume rose and guitar notes blasted from the many speakers throughout Nikko's room and Stavros felt himself waking up to The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus' Damn Regret. It was a shock to Stavros that the name came to him at such a time. Rubbing his tired eyes, he opened them to find a Paramore poster staring down at him from the ceiling. What was he doing in Nikko's room? And just as he pondered that thought, memories of last night hit him like a wall. Did he really get that close to Nikko? Did he actually sing him to sleep ? No... this had to be a dream! Upon sitting up, Stavros beheld the weirdest thing to happen yet that morning: Nikko, standing just outside the room wearing a blotchy, flour-stained apron holding a tall stack of pancakes in hand, just the way Stavros liked them—smothered in syrup, a little whipped cream and a strawberry on top. \"Am... Am I dreaming?\" Stavros stammered in disbelief. As he did so, Nikko approached, careful not to trip over anything. \"Nope. I made you breakfast, in my bed, sleeping beauty,\" Nikko replied, failing to dispel Stavros' strange trance with just his words. Nikko rolled his eyes before waving the meal in his brother's face, the delicious smell just begging to be delicately devoured. Stavros blinked. \"Wow. Thanks, mom,\" he joked, quickly grabbing the plate to save it from Nikko's short temper. \"I do you a surprise and the next thing I know I'm your mother?\" Nikko shot back, an eerie glare in his eyes. \"'Do me a surprise'?\" Stavros laughed, teasing his grammar. \"I think you need to spend more time with that study group of yours. Next topic: English.\" Stavros chuckled before taking another beautiful bite of the stuff—despite his appearance; Nikko was actually a pretty good cook. Stavros' insult didn't even seem to set in as Nikko's eyes went wide with shock. \"School!\" Nikko shouted. \"Shit!\" And with that he made a mad dash to his dresser, opened the drawer and tore his shirt off as he rushed to find something better to wear than yesterday's clothing, which he had incidentally fallen asleep in last night. Stavros turned to check the clock beside him, finding it to be 8:15, meaning Nikko was already 15 minutes late. \"Do you need a ride?\" Stavros asked concernedly. Nikko paused momentarily, shocked to find that his brother wasn't completely furious with him to the point of projectiles. A few moments later, Stavros' question set in and Nikko responded, \"No, it's only five blocks—I can run faster than you drive.\" Stavros rolled his eyes—before something caught his eye. Nikko had taken off his shirt, exposing a well-toned, tan chest with a milky texture that Stavros found himself mesmerized by--his pancakes long forgotten. Luckily for him, Nikko was in such a rush that he didn't notice as he threw an Academy Is... t-shirt on and examined himself briefly before he noticed pancake mix all over his tight jeans. \"Ah, damn it all! Your breakfast made me late, Stavros, so you better damn well enjoy it!\" The look in Stavros' eyes looked strangely distant to him though as he said this, Nikko noticed this but decided against questioning it. Stavros realized Nikko was trying to get his attention and looked up to meet his puzzled gaze. \"This breakfast if wonderful, Nikko—you really didn't have to—' But Nikko would have none of it. \"Please,\" he said firmly. \"It was the least I could do for you after how well you helped me with my math. Now we're even.\" Stavros chuckled as a memory was somehow recaptured by the moment. ' Who says I don't charge?'...'I do, because I'm your brother...' \"Alright, fine, you win,\" he said in a content defeat as he got up and out of Nikko's bed, realizing he had fallen asleep in his day clothes just as Nikko had done. As he turned to his left he came face to face with Nikko's boxers as the boy continued to strip himself of his flour-coated clothing. \"What are you doing?\" Stavros asked mindlessly, not knowing what else to say. Needless to say, his cheeks had caught fire. \"Changing, what does it look like?\" Nikko replied, tossing his unwanted jeans into the laundry basket—which was already overflowing with dirty clothes. \"Hey, do you think you could go ahead a wash those for me? I don't want the stain setting in...\" \"Sure,\" Stavros said dumbly, silently excusing himself to the kitchen and returning once more to the delicacy which he set down on the counter to enjoy. \"Thanks!\" Nikko called, opening a secondary drawer in his dresser which presumably contained his pants. As Stavros looked for a way to distract himself from his growing attraction to Nikko and his cute, black-and-white checkered boxers his eyes fell upon a purple textbook which was turned upside-down. A sudden recognition hit Stavros. \"Don't forget your math book!\" he shouted to Nikko, once again peeking at the boy as his cheeks lit up. This time, though, Stavros couldn't find the willpower to draw his eyes away, he just didn't want to. \"Yeah, yeah!\" Nikko shouted in response as he pulled up a clean pair of black leather pants which fitted him quite nicely in Stavros' perspective. Shaking his head, the thoughts clouding Stavros' head quickly dissipated. \"You have leather pants?\" he asked in wonderment, though his voice sounded strict and disapproving. Nikko, in a surprising rush to get to school, suddenly slipped into his shoes, grabbed his book bag, slung it around his shoulder in record time and, before he was off, retorted, \"Can you think of a rocker that doesn't have a pair?\" and dipped a finger into the whipped cream which lie atop Stavros' monstrous stack of pancakes, whisking a small patch of the tasty white foam away and making a sound of satisfactory as the sugary stuff met his lips. \"I'm off—enjoy your breakfast!\" And before Stavros could say anything in response, Nikko was already out the door—bounding down the street. \"Wonder what's with him...\" Stavros said, still trying to come up with a theory as he continued to enjoy his delicious breakfast. His eyes once again fell upon the purple bindings of Nikko's familiar textbook before a groan escaped his lips. \"Oh, hell no.\" Nikko felt an unusual ache begin to swell within his stomach as he made a mad dash down the block, stopping unexpectedly to rest at the corner. Maybe Stavros was right, he probably was sick. Groaning as he made his way to a nearby bench to sit himself down, he blamed it on the lack of sleep he had gotten the night before--so much for his 'beauty sleep'. A minute or so later Nikko heard his name being called repeatedly by a deep, strong voice. He lifted a brow, not sure as to whether or not he wished to be found, for he did not completely recognize the voice. Upon the arrival of the man calling his name, Nikko stared in shock. It had been his brother--but how come he didn't recognize his voice, Nikko did not understand. \"God, damn it,\" Stavros cursed as he pulled to a stop before the cross-walk to wait for the signal to go. \"Stavros?\" Nikko asked, his heart pounding with what felt like excitement. Stavros turned to find Nikko slumped oh-so-carelessly upon the bench. His eyes widened at first from shock but swiftly turned to anger as the narrowed to just slits. \"Were you even planning on going to school today?\" Nikko rolled his eyes. \"Duh! My side just hurts, alright?\" he shot back in annoyance. \"It's probably just all of the sleep I've missed...\" Stavros immediately regretted having doubted his brother and went to go sit down beside him on the bench. \"I'm sorry... That was a little assumptuous of me,\" he said apologetically. \"Here,\" he said, handing Nikko his purple-bound math book, \"you left this.\" Nikko smiled softly. \"Thanks,\" he said, taking the book before carefully stuffing it into his book bag. \"I'll need that.\" \"If you get your ass to school I think it might just come in handy,\" Stavros teased. He took in that now was a good time to get up, and slowly stretched himself into a standing position before offering Nikko a hand. \"Would you like me to walk you there?\" Nikko took his hand, stood, and contemplated this. \"Have you finished your breakfast?\" \"No...\" \"I think I can manage--you go eat up,\" Nikko insisted. \"You sure? I don't want you falling and hurting yourself...\" \"Stop worrying, honestly. And you think I'm the motherly one,\" Nikko said, rolling his eyes. \"Yeaahh, that would probably be me,\" Stavros agreed, taking a couple strides backward, towards their apartment as Nikko in turn took two toward the crosswalk. \"Later!\" Suddenly turning back around to face Stavros he called, \"Wait!\" before jolting over to him and grabbing his hand. Stavros noticed with caution the strange smirk he wore so sexy-like. The thought made his head spin a bit before Stavros mentally kicked himself for thinking such things about his brother. God, you've been resisting this for six years—six years, Stavros, his inner-voice would tell him, A couple more months and he could legally be living under his own roof, with his own job. You are a sicko, a pervert, worse , that's what you are! Nikko leaned in dangerously close to Stavros' ear before whispering, \"Have a nice day,\" and planting a soft, chaste kiss on his cheek. He chuckled a little, \"Later!\" And as Nikko made a risky mad-dash for the crosswalk to make it before the 'go' sign was gone, Stavros just stood there in disbelief. There was something strange about Nikko lately. He just couldn't decide what it was... Your Eyes are two glowing pools containing all of my deepest desires... Part 2 (Out of how many? We'll never know!). Actually I don't yet have an ending in mind but yeah, this story is fun to write, hence the fact I stayed up til 4am just to do so. I wanna hear your response to what you think of this couple! I can't be the only one who saw this, can I? XMysterious Darknessx (PS. Sorry for Nikko's total OoC'ness in this chapter.) ","Summary":" Nikko's lullaby Chapter 1 Your Voice NikkoxStavros Slash. Nikko blames his brother for his obsessio"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"After the Movie: Nikko and Courtney","Author":"Ginnycrazy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4976504","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chaptern1 Summary:nStarts right after Spectacular! Ends. Pure Nikko and Courtney. (AIMnconversation between Nikko and Courtney) sPeCtAcUlArJaZzHaNdS:nhey Nikko! bandboy120:nhey Courtney sPeCtAcUlArJaZzHaNdS:nwhat are you doing? bandboy120:nnothing important you? sPeCtAcUlArJaZzHaNdS:nme neither. Do you want to do something? bandboy120:nyeah. You wanna come over? sPeCtAcUlArJaZzHaNdS:nSure! When? bandboy120:nWhenever you want's good. sPeCtAcUlArJaZzHaNdS:nIs now okay? bandboy120:nmore than sPeCtAcUlArJaZzHaNdS:nSee ya in a few then bandboy120:nokay. Itnwas a few days after the national performance of Spectacular andngraduation was coming up soon… two weeks to be exact. Nikko hadnstarted dating Courtney right after they kissed, but Royce keptncoming around trying to win Courtney back, because TaDa's leadnfemale singer dumped him. But Nikko always made sure that he was withnCourtney. AndnCourtney was different than all those other girls he used to date…nlike Aimee. He actually liked Courtney… a lot. Aimee and thosenother girls were just someone to be with. But Nikko wanted Courtney. He really liked her. The onlynreason he wanted Aimee was because she was hot and he might'vengotten something of her. But he was ashamed to admit that he was likenthat in the past. He was never going to treat Courtney like he did the rest of the girls. He changed ,nand Courtney was the first girl he actually liked… a lot. Henpromised himself he would never hurt her… she didn't deserve it. Sonnow Courtney was on her way over. Ohngod. Courtney was on hernway over! Nikko was in his jeans without a T-shirt on. His hair wasnall messed up and he looked like someone who just woke up from annightmare. \"Shoot!\"nNikko whispered, ran to his bathroom, and tried to fix his hair. Soonnenough, his hair was parted and gelled (people, you know it can'tnbe naturally hot like that!). Then he ran back into his room, tryingnto find a t-shirt to wear. Anfamiliar voice laughed. Nikko turned around to see his girlfriend,nCourtney, leaning against his door frame and smiling at him. Joking,nshe said, \"You don't have to get all dressed up for me.\" Andnlaughed again, walking into his room. \"Sorry…nI didn't realize that you were on your way until… well… now.\"nHe smiled. The grin on her face didn't fade as she walked towardnhim. Soon she was right in front of him, looking up in his eyes. Shenreached up on her toes and kissed him, put her hand on his face, andnthen pulled away. It was nice, but too quick for him. He loved itnwhen she kissed him like that though. \"Where'snStavros?\" she asked. \"He'snat work.\" Nikko responded, intertwining their fingers together. Itnwas such a perfect moment. Courtney and Nikko completely alone,nfinally able to be alone together; they barely ever got timentogether, because both of their lives were so busy. Both with theirnmusic. But this beautiful moment together was interrupted, just as henstarted to kiss her. Courtney'sncell phone started ringing, and she sighed in disappointment. Shenlooked up at him with her smile gone. He could see sadness in herneyes. To be truthful, Nikko was sad too. It was so perfect until now.nBut he knew she felt worse, she hadn't been completely happy in anlong time. \"Whonis it?\" he asked quietly, nodding, referring to the phone. Shenshrugged, but pulled her phone from her jean pocket. Then she lookednaway without answering it. Then he knew who it was. Nikko took thenphone from her. \"Hello?\"nNikko asked into the phone. \"Whynare you answering Courtney's phone?\" asked Royce said rudely. \"I'mnher boyfriend… you know, someone who treats her right, someone whondoesn't ditch her for someone 'better'.\" He responded with annequal tone. \"Younreally want me to make you sing soprano, don't you band boy?\" \"Okay,ndude, you really gotta get better comebacks when you're trashingnpeople.\" And with that, Nikko hung up. Nikkonput the phone back into Courtney's pocket and took her hands again,nthis time comforting, not romantically. She gave a small smile, andnsaid, \"Thank you.\" Nikko nodded. Hentried to change the subject. \"So! What do you wanna do?\" Henasked. Courtney was relieved at his changing of the subject. Shensmiled and ran to his radio, turning on a popular station. Shenstarted to dance away at a very upbeat song. He laughed and walkedntoward her. \"Isnthere ever a time when you don't want to dance?\" She smiled andnshook her head, grabbing his hands and pulling him to dance with her.nHe didn't object, knowing that he loved dancing too, especiallynwith her. Theyndanced and sang to the song all around his room. Then it was over,nand there came a commercial break. They stood in the center of hisnroom, smiling and laughing with each other. They calmed down a bit,nand a new song came on. It was slow and romantic with a rhythmic tunento it. Courtney grinned and said, \"Oh gosh… I love this song.\" Nikkonsmiled, as if given the perfect opportunity. He put his hands on hernwaist and started to dance again. This time, there wouldn't be anphone call, he was sure of it. He tilted his head down and kissed hernagain. Both had completely forgotten that he still didn't have a shirt on.[Chapter 2] Chaptern2 Bothnhad completely forgotten that he still didn't have a shirt on. Butnonce Nikko noticed this, he didn't care. He pulled her a littlencloser to him and deepened the kiss. She tightened her grip on hisnneck as well. Both of them slowly started inching towards the othernside of his room, the side with the bed… No,nNikko. Stop. Right. Now. Nikko thought to himself. He was so used to doing this to all thenother girls… Courtney was not going to be one of them.nHe stopped moving his feet. Courtney had been moving with him, sonwhen he stopped walking she kept inching. He pulled her closer tonkeep her from moving closer to the bed. He could feel her smilenagainst his lips… then the door to the apartment opened. They brokenapart. Stavrosnwalked through the door with a brown paper bag holding groceries innit. They could hear Stavros put the bags down on the counter and walkntowards Nikko's room. The music was still on, and they still hadntheir arms around each other. When Stavros walked through his doorwaynhe jumped back a little, surprised that Courtney was there. And hensaw Nikko without his shirt on… you could tell what Stavros wasnthinking… and he was wrong. Courtneynpulled her hands away from Nikko and he did the same. Stavros likednCourtney… even better than he like Aimee, and he was obviouslynangered. \"I…neh… I'm gonna go home.\" Courtney turned to Nikko, \"I'll seenyou tomorrow…\" she said as she grabbed her bag and walked out thendoor. \"See you later, Stavros!\" Leave it to Courtney to still benupbeat and pepped-up. Oncenshe was gone, Nikko had a black t-shirt on and headed for his bed. Henlaid on it and put his hands behind his head. Stavros stormed intonNikko's room and stood stiffly in front of the bed. \"Younwere just about to use this bed, weren't you?!\" he half-yelled. \"No.\"nNikko said simply. He did not want to be in this conversation. \"Don'tnyou dare lie to me! I thought you liked Courtney! She's a goodngirl, don't pressure her into-\" \"LISTEN!\"nNikko yelled. Stavros got silent, and Nikko calmed down a bit. \"I'mnnot lying to you. I do like Courtney… a lot actually… more thannI've ever liked anyone. And I promised myself that I'd changed. Inpromised that I wasn't going to do any of that with Courtney.\" \"That'snnot what it looked like from my point of view.\" \"Fine!nYou want to know the whole thing?! Fine!\" Nikko's voice startednto rise again. \"I was talking to Courtney online, and she asked ifnI wanted to hang out. I told her to come over here so she did. And Inlooked like I did this morning… screwed up hair and just jeans on.nI didn't realize that I looked like that until she was half waynhere. I got my hair in a decent condition, and then I was looking forna shirt when she got here. She turned on the music and we werendancing. And then you walked in and saw us kissing. That's itnokay?\" Nikko yelled as he got up and walked towards the radio onnthe other side of the room. He turned it off and turned to Stavros.n\"Why are you still in here?\" \"I'llnbelieve you tonight, Nikko. But, if any of that wasn't true, thingsnare going to be a lot worse with you and me.\" He threatened. \"Thennwe have nothing to worry about now do we?\" Nikko asked coolly. Andnwith that, Stavros quietly walked out of Nikko's room and closednthe door behind him. Nikko whipped out his cell phone and dialednCourtney's number… he memorized it. \"Nikko?\"nshe answered. \"I'mnso sorry, Courtney… I could probably get you back in if you want….nYou were barely here for a half hour…\" \"No,nNikko, it's fine. I couldn't have stayed much longer anyways. Andnplus, I'm almost home.\" \"I'mnso sorry.\" He repeated. He heard her laugh lightly. There was anshort silence between them, but it was comfortable, not awkward. \"CannI take you out tomorrow? We could see a movie or something…nwhatever you want to do…\" Shenlaughed again. \"Sure. Is seven okay?\" \"I'llnpick you up then.\" Shenlaughed. \"You mean on foot? Ha. Nikko, you don't have a car.\" Henfelt stupid. \"Ha. Yeah, we'll go for a walk or… a movie… ornsomething.\" \"Sure!nA movie and a walk!\" \"Great.\" \"Bye!\" \"Seenyou tomorrow.\" And with that they hung up. Nikkonput his cell phone in his pocket, and then the doorbell rang. Hensighed and unlocked the door. Then, up came someone Nikko nevernwanted to see. \"Dude,nwhat the heck? How do you know where I live?\" Nikko said rudely. \"Where'snCourtney? I thought I'd just have to come over and steal her.\"nRoyce asked walking past Nikko. \"Hey,nget out. Nobody invited you in here. And Courtney's not even here-nwait a minute! You followed her to my apartment didn't you? Really,nshow boy? Are you that obsessed?\" Nikko teased. Why did somebodynhave to try to steal the only girl he really cared about? This nevernhappened with the other ones… Roycenpushed Nikko so he stumbled back a little bit. Nikko pushed him back. \"Getnout or I'll call the police.\" Stavros yelled as he came down thenstairs. \"Get out. Now\" RoycenKing gave Nikko a sad death stare and left. \"What an idiot.\"nNikko mumbled under his breath, and proceeded into his room. Then henturned to Stavros, \"Thanks.\" He nodded. Meanwhile,nRoyce walked to Courtney's house, climbed up to her room, andnknocked on the window. ","Summary":" Chaptern1 Summary:nStarts right after Spectacular! Ends. Pure Nikko and Courtney. (AIMnconversation"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"My Girl","Author":"SpectacularKimeraldTiraTira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4880887","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own My Girl, Spectacular, or any characters. This plot is based on Filipino Remake of Koreanovela My Girl . I do not know if Australians have another language. Just stick with me! Dedicated To: Eyeofthesky17, Thanks for PMing and encouraging me to write this! Ages: Courtney/Nikko/Janet/Caspian/Tammi/Robin/Michael: 22 Uncle Greg: 58 Kristine: 45 Bell: 42 Chapter One: My Girl Courtney Lane hopped off the tour bus, \"Hello! Welcome to New York!\" she said happily, \"Come on! Let's go!\" she said happily. She led the Saudi Arabians to the Statue of Liberty, \"This is our statue!\" she stated, \"It's my favorite statue!\" Her best friends Janet and Caspian stood by her side. \"You speak very good Arabic.\" said Saudi Arabian. Courtney looked down, and then up, \"My mother is Saudi Arabian decent.\" she continued, \"She taught me how to speak Arabic.\" she became happy, \"I also watch Arabic movies!\" Nikko Alexander's car door was opened by his butler, Royce. \"Good morning Sir Nikko.\" he said. Nikko nodded at him. His personal assistant, Robin spoke to him. \"Sir, the visitors are here.\" \"How about grandfather?\" he asked, following her into the mansion. \"He's in his office.\" Robin said. In his office, was Nikko's grandfather, Greg. He was looking at a picture of his daughter and Nikko's cousin. He put it down, that's when Nikko came in. \"Well, are we not going down yet?\" Nikko asked. \"I'm just waiting for you!\" His grandfather said. \"Really grandfather? Your neck tie isn't even fixed yet.\" Nikko said. He helped Greg with his tie. \"I used to fix ties for you.\" Greg said. \"I remember.\" Nikko said. \"You've grown up to be a fine young man, Nikko.\" Greg said, \"I'm proud of you.\" Nikko and his grandfather embraced. \"Yes! Where do we buy snacks?\" asked a Saudi Arabian in Arabic. \"Wait a minute!\" Janet said in Arabic, \"Caspian!!\" Janet called out. Her brother got off the tour bus. She walked to him with Courtney, leading everyone, \"This is my brother! His name is CASPIAN!!\" \"How are you Caspian?\" the Saudi Arabians asked. \"Hello! There are plenty of snacks here for all of you.\" Caspian said in Arabic, holding a big basket. \"Geez what are you?\" Janet asked, \"They answered in English.\" she continued, \"I hope you can answer them in English.\" \"I don't want to you know already that I'm not good in English.\" He said in Arabic, \"Come on, stop this, they're already hungry.\" \"Okay...okay!\" Courtney said. A family came into the big mansion, \"Laila!\" said Bell. \"Hi, welcome.\" Said Nikko's aunt Laila. \"Hi Auntie.\" said Bell's son. Their families were so close, they called each other family. \"It's so good that you can come.\" Laila said. \"Of course!\" Bell said, \"I will not miss Uncle Greg's retirement party.\" she continued, \"And who am I not to be there for his lash 'Hoo-rah!'.\" \"Excuse me.\" Laila said, she turned to Bell's son. \"Nelson.\" She said, and left. Michael started walking, until his mother stopped him, \"Where do you think you're going?\" she asked. \"Ma, I'm just going...\" he was cut off. \"Don't call me ma. We're in public.\" Bell said. \"Isabella, I'm just going to see Nikko.\" Nelson said. \"No you can't.\" Bell said, \"You're just going to hide from me. Just stay here.\" \"Come with me.\" She said. \"Bell!\" said Nikko's other auntie. \"Kristine!\" Bell said, \"Hi!\" \"Is it true what I heard?\" Kristine asked, \"I'm so happy for you!\" \"Which one?\" Bell asked. \"That you're going to be president of Alexander and co.\" Kristine said, \"Congratulations Madame President.\" \"Oh, thank you!\" Bell said, \"But it's not official yet, because Greg has not called me yet.\" \"You're the senior vice president of Amana hotels, who else should become the next president?\" Kristine asked, \"It's you!\" \"Geez, it does not mean I will get the position right away.\" Bell said, \"But thank you for your support.\" Greg was talking to two friends, Neil and Joseph, \"I'm not even thinking about that, I still have two months before I retire officially.\" Greg said, \"You've met my grandson, Nikko.\" \"Of course!\" Neil said, \"Your grandfather always talks about you.\" \"Not only talks about you, but he's proud of you.\" Joseph said, \"And with good reason, I heard that you earned top honors at Harvard University. Congratulations!\" \"Not only that.\" Greg began, \"He's in his last year of Master's degree in buisness.\" he continued, \"And as expected, he's in the top of his classes.\" \"And where else did I get those genes from?\" Nikko asked, \"You, grandfather.\" \"It's so hot!\" Janet said, \"Did you not put swimming in our itinerary schedule today? They don't care, I'm sure they'll be fine with it.\" \"Did you know, it's expensive?\" Asked Courtney, \"Do you know what expensive means? Hmmm? Expensive.\" \"All of you are the reasonhs why Amana Hotel and Resorts is a sucess.\" Greg said, \"This started as a small family inn, and grew to be one of world's best and biggest hotel-resort chain in New York.\" Everyone applauded for him, \"I love this company.\" Greg began, \"There's a lot saying that I love it too much.\" he continued, \"Because of this, I have many things I have not attended to.\" he continued, \"My health, and my family.\" he looked at his wife, Jocelyn, \"And this is why I am looking forward to my retirement.\" he said, \"I've already reached a decision as to who will be the next President of hotel and resorts. So, without further adieu.\" Bell stood up in the crowd. \"I give you, our new president...my grandson, Nikko Alexander.\" Everyone clapped for him. Nikko was with Greg in his office, \"I'm not ready to be president.\" Nikko said, \"There's Auntie Isabella, she's your Senior VP.\" \"You're the one, who I want to continue what I started.\" Greg said, \"I've been training you for all your life. \" \"Thank you grandfather, but I will be in peace if someone could help run it.\" Nikko said, \"How about Auntie Kristine?\" \"I already tried to convince her before,\" Greg began, he stood up, \"She really does not want to. She wants to run our home instead of the hotel.\" Greg stood by a table. Nikko got up and stood by Greg, \"Grandpa, I can't run this alone.\" Nikko said. \"Nikko, you're the only one left in my family that can run the buisness.\" Greg said, \"If you want someone that can help manage the hotel, then find Jade. Find her.\" Janet and Courtney were doing a skit, \"Joc-joc, Mark, my sons, where are you?\" Courtney asked. She ended the skit and stood up, \"Clap your hands!\" Courtney said, \"That was an excerpt from our favorite movie, Where did you go? .\" Courtney said, \"Clap your hands!!\" Her cell phone began to ring, \"Excuse me!\" \"Hello?\" Courtney said, \"Miss Aliza, why?\" \" Courtney, a problem your dad is gambling again. \" \"What!?\" Courtney asked. Eli Lane was at the horse race, with his boss, Asyong. \"It looks like you are pretty lucky today, you're on a winning streak.\" Asyong said. \"Just a little, boss.\" Eli said. \"So, who's going to be next? Crystalla Diamond?\" Asyong asked. \"Not her, she will lose.\" Eli said. \"Really?\" Asyong asked. \"Yeah really, it's me you're talking to.\" Eli said. Asyong handed him a pouch, \"Here.\" \"What's this, boss?\" Eli asked. \"Bet it on whoever you like.\" Asyong said, \"That's $3,700.\" \"Really?\" Eli asked. \"Maximum, bet it.\" Asyong said. \"Are you sure boss?\" Eli asked, \"Thank you boss.\" Greg was looking at a picture, \"Jade.\" he had a flashback. \"Are you going crazy Anya?\" Greg asked, \"You're going to get married to a security guard?\" he yelled, \"He's just going to use you!\" \"I'm pregnant.\" Anya said. Greg slapped her daughter, Jocelyn hugged her. \"Just try seeing David again.\" Greg said, \"If you do that...just forget that you have a father, forever. I'm not going to recognize that garbage you call a baby you're carrying!\" Greg yelled. Greg felt a tear fall, Forgive Me . He thought, he started to wheeze. He clutched his chest and collapsed. Nikko came in, \"Grandpa, here you go.\" he said, he dropped the glass and rusht to Greg. \"Grandpa! Auntie Kristine! Grandma Jocelyn!\" Nikko yelled. There you go! Chapter one![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own Spectacular, My Girl, or the plot. :) Chapter Two: My Girl The ambulance drove Greg Alexander to Mercy Hospital. The nurses rushed him in, Nikko, Jocelyn, Kristine, and the guard Ricky following behind. \"Grandpa! Grandpa!\" Nikko said. \"Dad!\" Kristine screamed. The four watched the nurses shock him, Nikko and his Aunt Kristine hugged, crying. Jocelyn sat on the couch, crying her eyes out. Ricky held his tears, at least he tried to. \"Grandpa, fight!\" Nikko said, \"Fight!\" he said, \"Fight it!\" Nikko then thought, Don't leave us again...stay alive! I promise that I will find Jade for you. Courtney was at the horse racing center, \"Miss Aliza, where's my father?\" \"There he is.\" Aliza said, pointing to Eli Lane. Courtney, followed by Janet, Caspian, and the Saudi Arabians. Courtney walked to her father, angrily. \"Dad!\" she yelled. He jumped, scared. \"Courtney, what are you doing here?\" he asked, \"I thought you had work?\" He then noticed the Saudi Arabians, \"Welcome to New York!\" he said, \"Do you like New York? You will like it more outside. Go outside.\" He said, \"You go outside and take a look outside too!\" Courtney said something in Arabic. \"Handle them for now, ok?\" she said to Janet and Caspian, \"Sit down.\" she said to Eli, \"You said you wouldn't gamble. What's this?\" \"Yeah, but I got a large tip from Asyong.\" Eli said, \"I'm using his money to bet.\" \"Is it only his money? None of it is yours?\" Courtney asked. \"Well, I just put mine in together.\" Eli said, \"I used our rental money. So it can double, right?\" \"What if it won't double!?\" Courtney asked, \"What happens if we lose!?\" \"Don't go against it. Take it easy.\" Eli said, \"Don't go against, the money will double. Believe in me.\" The race began, \"Go! Go! Run, go!\" Eli said. Courtney crossed her fingers, hoping they would win. \"Get close! Don't falter!\" Eli said, \"You still have a lot to go!\" he continued, \"Get close! Get Close!\" The horse Eli bet on won. Courtney screamed in excitement. Eli hugged his daughter. Kristine looked at her father, the Doctor, Doctor Nguyen said, \"He suffered from a heart attack, this is more serious than the one seven months ago.\" Dr. N said, \"Double the precaution now on.\" Nguyen turned to Nikko, \"Nikko, heart disease is a traitor, it will help a lot if he can rest well.\" he said, \"Don't let any anger or excite stress him.\" Where are you Jade? My cousin, where are you? Nikko thought. Courtney spoke in Arabic as the Saudi Arabians boarded a bus. She waved to Janet and Caspian as they boarded the bus. Eli came behind Courtney, \"My child, you're going to be happy with your father.\" he said, \"Do you know how much we earned?\" he asked, \"30,400 dollars. Not only that, we will be on Asyong's good side.\" Eli said, \"Because his 3, 700 is now 500,000.\" Courtney screamed happily, \"Yes! We are already rich!\" she said, \"But...it was just a lucky chance dad.\" \"That hurt.\" Eli joked, \"Now that we have 30, 400 we need to eat delicioud food. Where do you want to go? Name it!\" \"You're going to treat, dad?\" Courtney asked. \"Of course!\" Eli said. \"That's good, because I'm hungry already!\" Courtney said, \"Ok! Let's eat at Asian Cuisine! I love Chinese!\" \"Oh my, they will lose money because of you!\" Eli joked. Suddenly, a dark tall man grabbed the pouch with 530,400 in it and pushed Eli, knocking down Courtney. \"Ouch!\" Courtney said, she then yelled, \"Hey! Someone help! Robbers! Hey! Hey!\" she yelled, trying to run. \"Courtney! Courtney!\" Eli said. \"Give us our money back!\" Courtney yelled, \"Hey robbers! Come back here!\" She stopped. \"Courtney, it's over. There's nothing we can do.\" Eli said. Courtney sighed, holding back tears. Eli and Courtney were inside their rental home, \"My child...I'm sorry dad failed again.\" Eli said. Courtney dumped chili into his bowl, \"Eh? It's not your fault anyways.\" She said. \"Don't worry. I'll talk to Asyong.\" Eli said, \"Besides, there are alot of people who saw it. I'm sure he will believe me.\" \"Oh my, I'n not sure that'll happen.\" Courtney said, \"When it comes to money, Asyong will not forgive you, right?\" She asked. Two voices called Courtney's friends, Janet and Caspian Anderson. \"Oh my, hold on.\" Courtney said. \"Geez what's going on?\" Eli asked. \"What happened to you guys?\" Courtney asked, \"Seems that you're being chased.\" \"My mom is coming...my mom is coming...\" Janet said, \"Do you have money to pay the rent?\" \"Geez, we were unlucky today.\" Courtney said, \"We got robbed.\" Janet began speaking in Arabic because Eli couldn't understand, \"Were you really unlucky?\" she asked, \"Or your dad just spent it. \" Courtney spoke in Arabic, \"It's not his fault.\" She said, then spoke in English, \"Save us from your mom.\" \"Hey hey!\" Eli said, \"You're speaking in Arabic again so I can't understand it.\" he continued, \"You're talking about me aren't you?\" he asked. \"Oh my, mom is pi**ed today.\" Caspian said in Arabic. \"What?\" Eli asked. \"Surely this will be war.\" Caspian said. \"I'll mind my own buisness.\" Eli said, walking away. \"Mom's coming, she's coming!\" Janet said. Courtney turned at the people who also rented the place, \"You saw nothing!\" she said. Her dad gathered things. \"Eli! Eli!\" said Mrs. Anderson (Maria) \"Mom, no one's here. No one.\" Janet lied. Their mother pushed them away and walked, \"No one here. No one, ma.\" Janet said. Mrs. A almost moved the curtain where the father and daughter were. \"No one's here.\" Janet said. \"Hold on a second, I think they're hiding from me.\" Maria said. \"That's not it mom, she's still with the tourists.\" Caspian said in Arabic. \"Mom. what Caspian means is that Courtney is working overtime with the tourists.\" Janet said, \"Maybe so she can pay you right away.\" \"Really?\" Maria asked. \"Yeah really.\" Janet assured her mother. \"You twins, maybe their using you so they can get away from me.\" Maria said. \"Mom, they can't get away.\" Janet said, \"Because they're both under surveillance from bot of us. They can't!\" \"Good, you know why?\" Maria asked, \"Because I don't trust them one bit. Oh my! Especially Eli! Oh my! He's not that good of a father. Let's go!\" Maria said. She turned to the others who rented this place, \"Mr. Chua, did you really not see them?\" \"I did not.\" Mr. Chua said. \"That's good, I will collect your rental payment soon.\" Maria said. Courtney comforted her father, resting her head on his shoulder. A/N: Full Info: (Real info, Chapter 1 had wrong ages...) Nolan Gerard Funk as Nikko Alexander based on Filipino remake character Julian Abueva . (22) Tammin Sursok as Courtney Lane based on Filipino remake character Jasmine Estocapio . (22) Simon Curtis as Royce Du Lac based on...no one Victoria Justice as Tammi Dyson based on Filipino remake character Annika Ramirez . (22) Ronaldo Valdez as Greg Alexander based on Filipino remake character who he also acted as, Greg Abueva . (58) Demi Lovato as Kristine Alexander based on no one. (30) Joe Jonas as Ricky Magtalas based on...no one. (32) Andrea Lewis as Robin based on Filipino remake character Sheila. (22) Angelina Jolie as Jocelyn Alexander based on...no one. (57) Greg Germann as Eli Alexander based on Filipino remake character Chito Estocapio . (45) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own My Girl, Spectacular, or any characters. This plot is based on Filipino Re"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Untitled","Author":"SPNAngel16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4972480","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hey Everyone!!!!nThis is going to be my first go at a Spectacular! Fan fiction.nReviews and suggestions are welcome. Any idea suggestions are welcomenthrough the form of a PM. All outfits used in this are on mynpolyvore: .com/cgi/profile?id=651482 Summary: Just afternFlux received the contract and before Nikko went with them on tourn(that's how its gonna be in this story. Its plays a key role) hengot Courtney pregnant. Now sixteen years later he is back in town andnhe runs into Andrea Alexander – Lane. Andrea, or Andy, as she prefers is an aspiring musician,nworking on what she can in a show choir. At sixteen and living withnout parents just her grandparents Andy gets the chance to meet Fluxnin person. What happens when she notices the similarities between shenand Flux's lead singer? Andrea's Point ofnView Wiping away my tearsnwith the back of my hand I closed my eyes, listening to the priestndrone on about how people were going to miss my mother dearly. Lastnweek my mother Courtney Lane died of breast cancer, something shengave us little notice about. Now I was to live with my grandmothernand grandfather. The funeral ended andninstead of waiting to hear everyone's condolences I leaned down tontighten my converse before taking off in the direction of the highnschool. Holding tight to my tote bag I prayed that I'd make it onntime to get ready for my performance. Like my mother I am innSpectacular! Lincoln High Schools show choir group. It happened thatntoday we are performing in a small competition. Since my mom hadnannounced to the show choir two weeks ago that she had breast cancernmy boyfriend and dance partner Seth Mason and I searched for once ofnher performances. Finally we found one to the song Something TonBelieve In that was one of my grandfather's songs. By now the highnschool had come into view. Pushing my self to speed walk towards thengirls locker room I ran to get ready. Twenty minutes later I steppednout of the locker room wearing spaghetti strapped royal blue dressnthat had a sating band just under my bust, silver 2.5\" high heelsnand simple silver and blue jewelry. While getting ready I had fixednmy blue eye shadow, black eye liner and berry crush lip-gloss. Myndark brown and blue streaked tresses were laying in waves down mynback. Due to the factnthat Spectacular! Was going on in ten minutes I needed to get backnstage. I slipped in with my group just as a dark haired, slightlynaged guy stepped on stage causing the building to erupt in applause.nHe chuckled before speaking. \" First off tonightnwe have my all-time favorite group, Spectacular! Singing 'nSomething to Believe In, which is in loving memory of Courtney Lane.\"nAt the end his voice started to fade. Ignoring it Instepped out onto the stage. This was one performance that I wasngiving my all for.[Chapter 2] A/N: This Chapter is dedicated to awe! And Lauranfor reviewing \" First off tonight we have my all-timenfavorite group, Spectacular! Singing ' Something to Believe In,nwhich is in loving memory of Courtney Lane.\" At the end his voicenstarted to fade. Ignoring it I stepped out onto the stage. Thisnwas one performance that I was giving my all for. Walking to stage rightnI took a deep breath. This was one song that needed to be perfect.nLike the video my grandfather (the incredible Joey Rome!) showed ournshow choir I started singing at first with Cody Kennedy, another onenof our cute members. We had gotten through the first verse, and asnpracticed, Seth came up from a raised platform, taking over Cody'snpart. By the time thensong passed we had executed the performance perfectly. Breathingnheavily we all bowed before running back stage. I felt myself beingnthrown over someone's shoulder and a familiar arse was in my face.nGiggling I playfully hit me capture. \" Put me down Seth!\"nI asked chuckling. When that didn't work I moved to my next tactic.n\"With me in this position everyone can see my underwear, do younreally want people seeing your property?\" That seemed to worknsince as soon as I said it Seth had flipped me over so that I was innhis arms bridal style. The introductory guy from before walked over ansmall smile sitting on his face. \"My names NikkonAlexander and I must say that you executed the performancenwonderfully. Almost like I went back and time and I was watching itnfrom the audience.\" He said, holding out a hand for me to shake. Grasping it Insmiled. \"Pleased to meet you. This is my boyfriend Set Mason andnI'm Andrea Lane. My grandfather helped us with that. Said it wouldnbe good to do in memory of my mother.\" I explained. \"Your grandfather?\"nhe questioned raising an eyebrow into a look, which I use frequently. \" Joey Rome.\" Wasnall I said. Something was way to familiar about him for my comfortnlevel. Shrugging it off Inturned to grab my ipod off a nearby shelf where I had hidden it.nInserting the buds in my ears I switched the ipod on, pulling up thensong ' Break My Heart.' A song that was written for my mom. Outnof nowhere I recognized the similarities between Nikko and I. Thendark hair, the tan skin, the eyes and the same attitude. Somethingnwas up. ","Summary":" A/N: Hey Everyone!!!!nThis is going to be my first go at a Spectacular! Fan fiction.nReviews and su"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Glorious","Author":"bookwormxwriter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10770264","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm back! And a new story! I love Glory so much that I wanted to add more Robert Gould Shaw stories. I happen to love Glory for a Hero, it's added in my favorites! If you hadn't read Glory for a Hero, I DEMEND you to read it! It's that good! But anyways…here's the story. Chapter One: In a wrong place, wrong time Emma Taylor is walking outside to go to school but she hates going to school so she doesn't really want to do anything. Her red hair with soft curls are being blown by the wind as her blue eyes looked around as she walked up the stairs to get in the school that she hated. \"Emma!\" Marty said as he smiles at Emma. \"Hey,\" she said as she smiled a bit. She's not a morning person. \"Ready for history class?\" he asked as they walked to the classroom which Emma dreads. She hated history so much. \"Let's just get this over with,\" Emma said as she walked to class with Marty. After history class is over for Emma, she briskly walked out because she wanted to get away from the classroom because she just saw the most boring movie ever, Glory. She was so tired that she had slept throughout the whole thing. She had missed the movie but she doesn't care since she hated history and didn't see the point of having the movie that is being made to watch. Emma doesn't believe it did happen. Emma looked around at the hallway that she's in and walks to the bathroom to do her business. Emma walked in the bathroom and looked around to see the toilet as she walked to it. She closes the stall and put her backpack down on the floor as she zipped her pants down to do her business. Emma sighs contently as she looks straight and saw the strangest thing that had happened to her. There's writing on the wall that is so confusing. IT'S TIME FOR YOU TO GO BACK TO THE PAST AND PROVE YOURSELF YOU ARE WORTHY. \"Why?\" Emma asked, mainly to herself as she looked around the stall to make sure it's not a joke. Then suddenly there's a burst of light that nearly blinded Emma. She groaned as she lifts up her hand to shield her eyes from the light. She looked at it and saw a door that popped out of nowhere as she stands up and zipped up her pants. Emma looked around at the door then she was about to touch the doorknob but it opened on itself. Emma looked at the toilet before looking back to the door and she walked in the door without looking back. Emma looked around as she saw the door is closing and she falls as she screamed. Emma screamed as she saw the land of green grass and…horses. Emma closed her eyes to prepare for her immediate death. But it never came. Emma opened her eyes as she looked around and saw that she had landed on the ground safely and unharmed (Thankfully). Emma panted as she sat up, feeling the pain on her back as she looked around with her hand on her forehead to get rid of the headache. Emma saw and smells horse manure as she saw a bunch of people walking around with silly dresses and clothes for the men. Emma's eyebrows furrowed together in a strange way as if she thought the people are crazy to wear the clothes. But there's something familiar to Emma because she felt like she had seen it before. \"Are you alright Miss?\" a man asked as Emma looked around and saw a man with blond hair with a concerned blue eyes and a blond mustache, he wears a uniform that Emma looked so familiar. Emma knew this man from somewhere but couldn't catch his name. \"Yes,\" Emma nodded as he reached out his hand and she stands up with the help of the young handsome man. \"Excuse me, but where am I?\" Emma asked politely, better be nice than being rude. \"Oh, you're in Boston, ma'am,\" he said as if it's obvious. Emma never went to Boston before, so she asked, quite panicking right there. \"What year is it?\" \"It's 1862, why?\" he asked, wondering why she asked all of the strange questions. Oh no, Emma thought as she looked around. I'm in BIG trouble. \"What is your name, ma'am?\" he asked, quite curious about this young girl with red hair that is in front of him. \"Emma Taylor, what is yours?\" Emma said as she looked back to the towering man in front of her. \"Cabot Forbes, I'm on my way to meet my best friend for a party and you look like you could use something to eat.\" Emma gulped as she looked around, hoping that it's a dream but it's not. \"Your best friend?\" Emma asked as he began walking away. \"Yes,\" he said as he smiled and Emma followed him. \"Robert Gould Shaw,\" Forbes said as if Emma had known him. Emma felt like she was literally going to faint. This is real, Emma thought as she looked at Forbes. Glory is real, everything that had happened is real. Emma looked back to where they're walking and she saw a big white house and saw many people are walking in. \"This is his house, Shaw House.\" Forbes said as he pointed at it as if Emma doesn't know what it looks like. She had seen the movie…no she doesn't. Emma wished she had seen the movie. My God, I wished I could see the movie right now so that I know what's going on in Glory. Damn, I hope this is a dream, Emma thought as she closed her eyes momentarily and she had hoped this is a dream. \"Are you alright?\" Forbes asked with a concerned look on his face with his eyebrows furrowed together. There must be something wrong with the girl. \"Hmm,\" Emma said as she opened her eyes and looked up to Forbes. \"Yes, just dandy.\" Emma said as she looked back to the house with a fake smile on her face. I'm in the wrong place at a wrong time. I'll update each chapter as I go along…and have time as well. But I hope you enjoy this chapter![Chapter 2] Chapter two: Meeting Robert \"So did you say this is Robert Shaw's house?\" Emma asked as she looked at the handsome soldier. Cabot looked at her with the smile on his face, \"Yes, are you deaf?\" Cabot chuckled when he noticed Emma is blushing a bit then he opened the gate, as the chivalry is in the 18th century, he lets Emma go first. To be honest for Emma, she's not used to have chivalry in her time because no one does them anymore. Emma walked up first and Cabot is right behind her as they walked up to the door. Emma is still amazed by the world that is changed so much for her. She thinks she's dreaming right now because it's all too real for her. Cabot knocked on the door and he turned to look at Emma to look at her clothes. Then he looked at her face to see what she looked like. She has red hair with soft curls with the most amazing blue eyes he had ever seen. He had seen red haired women and they're known to be unfashioned. \"Where did you come from?\" he asked as they're waiting for the door to be opened. Emma was surprised because she's not expecting to talk to him at all. \"Uh, I'm from…Maine!\" Emma blurted out as she thought of the first place she can think of and that is so close to Massachusetts which is, Maine. \"Maine! That is a very lovely state to be,\" Cabot exclaimed as he raised his eyebrows and leaned forward to Emma. Emma giggled as she nodded. \"Why yes, indeed,\" Emma agreed. The door is opened and they both looked at the old man that wears a black and white tuxedo. He's the butler. He bows down and he steps aside to let Cabot and Emma in. Once they walked in, Emma looked around at the mansion. It was so lovely and there are so many poufy dresses and handsome men all over the place that are talking and laughing. Okay, this is so much different than in my time, Emma thought as she looked around once more and she stopped walking when she bumped into Cabot. He already took out two drinks and he handed it to Emma. She had no idea what's in it but she's willing to try. What the heck, it's a different time, might as well to blend in… Emma took a drink and she scrunched her eyebrows as she closed her eyes shut. \"Bleh!\" Emma said as she put her tongue out as she made disgusting look on her face. She hated the drink already. \"Didn't like it?\" Cabot asked with a smile on his face as he's trying to keep himself from laughing. \"No.\" Emma said as she put the drink back to the tray where the butler is standing like a rock. Emma felt so left out because everyone here wears and talks the same while Emma doesn't. So it sure does feels weird to be the only one that comes with time. Then suddenly a touch that changed everything. A touch on the shoulder made Emma turned to look at the man that had pushed her and muttered an apology before he walked out of the room. \"Didn't you hear!\" a black man rushed to Cabot's side. \"Robert's being colonel!\" \"Thomas! That's great!\" Cabot laughed as he put his hand on the black man with the glasses' shoulder and they laughed a bit. \"Emma, this is Thomas, my very dear friend,\" Cabot introduced Thomas to Emma. They shook hands. \"Come, I want you to meet the colonel.\" Cabot said with the smile. Emma gets a feeling that she may not going to like this. Walking outside and they saw a young man with lush of brown hair. They walked to Robert Shaw and he noticed them. \"Cabot,\" Robert said as he nods to acknowledge his friend then he noticed the beautiful girl with the red hair and he instantly didn't like her because she's got red hair. \"And who's this?\" he asked while looking at Cabot. \"I'm Emma Taylor sir,\" Emma said as she took out her hand waiting for him to shake it. Robert took it and shakes it gently. Even now, men are being so gentle, Emma thought as she pulls the hand away. \"Ms. Taylor, pleased to meet you,\" Robert said with a small smile then frowned instantly. Robert and Cabot have been talking and she didn't acknowledge it. Emma nods. She knows this isn't going to be good. \"Robert!\" Thomas ran out, \"Is it true to be a colored regiment?\" Thomas asked Robert, \"So it seems,\" Cabot said as he smiled. \"Then I'll be your first volunteer!\" Thomas said with a huge grin on his face and shakes hands with the two men. Emma smiled, she knew what was going to happen but she still cannot help but smile. \"I'll join if you wish me to be,\" Emma added, maybe there is something for her to do here. To save Robert from his death. \"Oh? And what will you do?\" Robert asked as he looked at her for the first time. \"I can be your assistant, Colonel,\" she said, she wanted to join. To prove him worthy. \"There's not a place for women to be,\" Robert assured her gently. He didn't want a woman to be in a battle field with him. \"I'm strong, I've been in battle to help out with the injured,\" Emma said determinedly. Cabot and Robert looked to each other simultaneously then they looked at Thomas that is looking at Emma. \"Well, okay then. You're going to be my personal assistant.\" Robert decided. Emma smiled, maybe this isn't so bad after all. And not to mention, Robert is cute. Hello everyone! IF you want, please check out my other fics called, Black Roses Red! Review, Message and Rate! Have a nice day![Chapter 3] I'm back! Sorry for the delay, I'm in college right now and I just finished my homework for math class and since I've got time to write…here it is! The chapter you've been waiting for! Chapter Three: Meet Rawlins and Thoughts. After Thomas and the men are finished talking, Emma is looking out at the road where the horses are the main transportation. In her world, she uses cars but had seen horses only for farming and that was it but for transportation? Rare, only Amish people does. \"Are you coming?\" Forbes asked as he stopped walking near the door. Thomas and Colonel Shaw are waiting with him as well. Emma turned around and she still isn't used for men to be waiting for women in this time. Man, I got to get used to this, Emma thought as she sighed when she put her hands on her side when she began walking towards to the men. \"Where—oh there he is!\" Colonel Shaw's mother found him as she walked towards him. \"How are you feeling, dear?\" she asked when she put her hand on his shoulder. Emma and everyone are looking at him. \"I'm going to do it.\" Robert said, Emma smiled a bit before frowning that he didn't mention her. \"And Ms. Taylor will be my assistant,\" Robert added as he looked at her with the blank look on his face. What? What did I do make you look serious? Emma thought as she quickly hides her discomfort when Robert used his tone on her as if she's just another girl that he meets. Forbes is standing next to Emma. Emma looked back up to Forbes and he smiled back at her. She returned them. \"We'll leave tomorrow!\" Robert proudly shouted across the room and everyone in the room cheered. But the butlers didn't even move, just standing there like a rock. Emma cannot help but wonder if the butlers are actually made of rocks. \"Emma, dear…where will you sleep?\" Robert's mother asked as she moved to look at Emma. Emma didn't say anything because her brain isn't on so she said, \"Uh…I don't know?\" she did not want to sleep with other men in the house; she prefers to be alone or in the room with the ladies if they allow that. \"My dear!\" Robert's mother laughed. \"You're not going to sleep with my son or any of the men in the house; you'll sleep in the guest room.\" Robert's mother said as she pointed up to the stairs. Emma felt herself heating up and she knew she's blushing like mad because of what Robert's mother's statement does. \"My name is Sarah, so please call me Sarah.\" Sarah said as she linked her arm around Emma's arm. Emma nodded, letting Sarah guide her throughout the house. After the house tour is done, Emma is feeling tired as she looked up to the old fashioned clock that it is 7 pm. Surprisingly to Emma, she can read what time it is even if it's in 1800s. \"Tired?\" Sarah asked Emma after noticing that she couldn't stop yawning. Emma nodded, \"Alright…Robert!\" Sarah shouted that made Emma jumped a bit. She's a bit awoken when Robert walked in the room with his arms behind his back, looking at his mother before glancing at Emma for short. \"Yes, mother?\" Robert asked. \"Would you be dear and take Emma to her room? She's tired.\" Sarah asked sweetly to Robert as if she's trying to convince him to take her out on a date. Emma looked at Sarah as if she's crazy. Robert would never do that just because I'm a woman and he hates me from the moment he saw me, Emma thought as she looked back to Robert, waiting patiently for him to say something. Robert stiffly nods as he looked back to Emma. He took a step aside and waits for Emma to walk to the room with Robert. Emma looked back to Sarah, \"Good night, Sarah.\" Emma said with the smile on her face when Sarah enveloped her hand on Emma's hand. Sarah whispered, \"Be good to my son,\" Emma nods, understanding because Emma have a mother just like Sarah. \"I will.\" Emma said with a smile of her own. With that, Emma walked away, following Robert to her room where she would spend the night away then wake up in the morning to be with Forbes and Robert. \"Where's the room where I will sleep in?\" \"Right this way, Ms. Taylor.\" \"I prefer it if you call me Emma instead of Ms. Taylor,\" Emma said as they're walking on the stairs. Robert stopped walking a few feet away from Emma, she accidently bumped into his back. \"Hey what the heck?\" Emma asked confusedly as she rubbed her nose that hit the hardest. \"Never ever ask me that again, Ms. Taylor.\" Robert hissed firmly. Robert walked away without even turning to look at Emma. Emma didn't have anything to say, just do what he says. After all…she's his personal assistant. \"Good night,\" he said after he opened the door of her room where she will sleep in. Emma turned around with a smile to say thanks to Robert but he already left. Emma muttered as she walked inside of the room and she fell asleep. The morning came early and fast for Emma to get used to. Emma woke up and Sarah helped Emma find right clothes for her to travel to the camp where the regiments will stay. \"Ready?\" Sarah asked and Emma nodded. \"Alright, like I said, take good care of my son, he needs a wife like you.\" \"Gee, what made you say that?\" \"Because he once lost a wife and he could use someone that will fill him.\" Sarah said as she looked down to the floor and frowned. Emma paused a bit before looking back up to Sarah. \"What happened?\" Emma asked, genuinely concerned for Robert's behavior. \"I think it's best of Robert tells you himself,\" Sarah said as she cleared her throat and smiled at Emma. Before she knows it Emma, Forbes and a young good looking guy named Charlie is standing on the stage. They're waiting for Robert to show up. \"Is he always late?\" Emma asked as she leaned to whisper in Forbes' ear. \"No, he's just nervous to see the regiments because he didn't think many of them would show up,\" Forbes said as he shakes his head. Then finally he showed up. Robert nods to several regiments and stares a little bit longer at the older man that looks like Morgan Freeman. Robert arrived to the stage with the horse. \"Good morning, Major and Ms. Taylor,\" Robert said with his hand on his hat to salute them. Being unaware she is, she is dazed into Robert's eyes. Forbes nudged her. \"Huh? Oh, good morning, sir.\" Emma said after she shakes her head and smiled sheepishly to Robert. Robert gives her a disapproving stare to Emma before looking back to the regiments. \"Good morning gentlemen, I am Colonel Robert Gould Shaw.\" Robert paused a bit before gulping because he's nervous. \"I am your commanding officer. It is a great pleasure to see you all here today. It is my hope that the same courage, spirit, and honor, which has brought us together, will one day restore this Union.\" The regiments didn't cheer or say anything so Robert looked back to Forbes and Emma before looking back to the regiments. \"May God bless us all!\" Robert shouted. The regiments cheered and suddenly Robert have sheer amount of courage inside of him. Maybe this wouldn't be bad after all, Robert thought. Before Emma knew it, she is on the horse and the horse is white. Very beautiful horse Emma might add. She looked at Robert and Forbes that are talking in front of her, she wanted to know what they're talking about. Emma looked down at Thomas that are reading a book and another man with the tan hat on him is pointing at the book that Thomas was reading. \"Good book, brother?\" the man asked as his stuttering seems to take effect. \"Yes it is, actually. The name's Searles, Thomas Searles.\" Thomas said with a smile on his face as he shakes his hands with the man. \"Jupiter Sharts, sir. What it 'bout, that book?\" Jupiter asked while pointing at the book. Thomas began talking about the essays that Emma couldn't understand. \"It's a collection of essays, actually... Fourier, Emerson... all the transcendentalists.\" Thomas looked back to Jupiter, excepting him to understand what he just said. Jupiter nods while smiling as if he understood what Thomas is talking about. \"It got pictures?\" Jupiter, the poor guy, asked him. Thomas shakes his head. \"Y-you teach me?\" Jupiter asked as if he's the puppy waiting for his master to say yes. Thomas laughed while nodding, \"Of course I will be happy to teach you,\" Thomas said as he put his hand on Jupiter's shoulder. Emma cannot help but smile, at least they're making friends while Emma is having a hard time making friends. \"Hey, you up there!\" Emma looked down to the voice of the person that shouted to her. It's Morgan Freeman. \"What is your name chil'?\" he asked her. \"Emma Taylor, sir. You?\" Emma asked, although knowing his name already. \"Rawlins. I'm sorry if I'm rude…but women ain't supp'sed to be at war with the men.\" Rawlins said. Emma said, \"I've seen the war, sir. I'm more gladly to help out the Colonel.\" Rawlins nodded and smiled a bit at her. \"You're very brave, ma'am.\" \"Please call me Emma.\" \"Alright Emma, if you in trouble or som'thin' please come to Rawlins.\" Rawlins said as he put his hand on the horse and smiled at her. Emma laughed as she nodded. Unaware that the men from other army is calling out names. Robert and Forbes stopped when one of the men from the other army called out for Emma. \"Hey! There isn't a whore in the army! But I'd be glad to have her!\" then the men laughed. Emma glared at the man that called out to her. She looked back to Robert and Forbes, she wasn't excepting to see the reaction from the two men. Forbes looks like he's ready to kill them while Robert looks so angry that he would come over to talk to them and then would kill them. But Robert just waves it off and continues on. Forbes looked at Emma. \"Don't worry about them, as long as you're with us, you'll be fine.\" Forbes said as he walked the horse towards to her. Emma nodded, feeling grateful for him to be with her because she isn't sure if she can trust that women can walk around being free and alone like she did in her time but obviously here is so much different. \"Why are they calling me whore?\" Emma asked to Forbes. \"Well, because you're a red haired woman. Red haired women are unfashioned and that they're the ones that whoring around with men in the army and others just to get money,\" Forbes explained. Emma is appalled by what this world had come into. \"What! I'm not that—\" Emma stammering as the blush creep up towards her. Forbes nodded, \"I know you're not. You're special it seems to me,\" Forbes smiled while winking at her. They stopped for the night as they arrived to the camp. \"Ms. Taylor?\" Robert called out to Emma as she jump out of her horse and looked at Robert. Robert's eyes widen a bit as he looked at her. The red hair of hers…spun around when she heard my call…I never thought she'd be beautiful. I overheard what Forbes and Ms. Taylor are talking about and it seems Emma isn't the one that would be called whore. Why am I using Emma's first name? Is it because I like her name, very pretty? Oh, she's coming this way, be a man, Robert! \"Yes, Colonel?\" Emma asked as she arrived to meet with Robert. \"Good, keep it up. Just call me Colonel or Shaw, is that clear?\" he said, Emma nodded. \"Alright, you're going to be sharing the bunk with Forbes and other men. Don't worry, they are well aware of your condition and you will not be getting the same treatment as the women out there. You are to be expected. If you have a special condition that you cannot tell us, just go to the nurse. She's a woman here, just you and her. You understand everything I told you?\" Robert asked after explaining everything to Emma. Emma nodded, \"Yes, sir. Is there anything else?\" she asked, she wanted to do a good job and wanted to show Robert that she can handle this. \"Yes, if any of these men are doing anything to you that you're not comfortable, just come to me. Alright?\" he spoke gently with his eyes soften. Emma nodded, \"I will sir.\" \"Alright, you're dismissed.\" Robert saluted to Emma and she returned them. After Emma walked away, Robert let out a breath that he wasn't even aware that he's holding it. This girl will be the end of me… This guy will be the end of me… Emma thought after she glanced to Robert. This will be a lot harder than it seems to be.[Chapter 4] Hello, I'm back to Glorious! I'm not abandoning it, I just have so many other things to worry about! Love the reviews! Thank you so much! Now, here's the chapter you've all been waiting for! Chapter Four: Embarrassment Emma grumbled as she slept. \"Emma,\" a man called out to her. Emma moaned, \"Please let me sleep, five more minutes.\" \"I couldn't let you sleep in, I was sent to wake you.\" Emma opened her eyes and she blinked a couple times to turn her head and saw Forbes touching her shoulder as if he was about to wake her up. Emma sat up, realized that this was not a dream. \"Uh, okay. Why?\" she asked while she rubbed her eyes, \"Robert wants you in his office, now.\" Forbes said. Emma immediately stood up and she runs to grab the boots that were a little too big for her, almost as tall to her knees but she didn't care. She wanted to let Robert know that she would not slack off. Apparently he thought that she does. She's going to prove him wrong. Emma ran out of the officer's barrack and she nearly tripped over a rock when she saw Trip and Thomas bickering among others. Emma stopped running and she stopped at the cabin where Robert lived. Emma took out a deep breath and she knocked on the door. \"Come in,\" Robert said from inside. Emma walked in and she looked at him. \"Ah, Ms. Taylor, I want you to hand out breakfast to the troops and the officers, if you please.\" \"Now?\" Robert smiled a bit with his brown eyes softened a bit, he stood up from his desk and walked over to Emma. Emma nodded, she turned around to walk away. \"Ms. Taylor!\" Robert called out, she stopped walking and she turned around to look at the colonel wondering why he called out to her again. \"You know outside will be pouring, are you sure you want to wear that?\" Robert asked once he looked at her body, to see what she wore. Emma looked down to brown pants and white shirt that the officers let her wore but it's too big for her, Emma doesn't care. \"Really? It's raining right now?\" Emma asked as she turned around to look at outside, alas, the clouds were transforming grey right now. Emma had a secret that no one knew of: she's terrified of thunderstorms. \"No,\" Robert said, he could tell her wide eyes were filled with fears, he wanted to know but he cannot: that would be fraternization. \"But it will be soon,\" Robert added when his head cocked to her. Emma looked back to Robert and let out a relieved sigh, \"Oh good!\" her smile faltered. \"You may go, dismissed!\" Emma nods once and saluted to Robert, she turned around to walk away out of his cabin. \"Are you alright, Emma? You look like you're going to be sick,\" Forbes asked, concerned for his newfound friend. \"I'm fine,\" Emma said, she didn't realize how pale she looked, paler when she left Robert's cabin. \"Really, I'm fine, Forbes.\" \"Eh, you sure?\" he asked, he wasn't sure if he should leave her alone if she does indeed get sick. Emma nodded with the stiff smile. Her hand was on his arm to assure him that she will be okay. \"I'll be fine,\" she said. Emma walked briskly away from Forbes because she didn't feel like she wanted to get the lectures. She arrived to the mess hall and saw several chefs cleaning up the tables, Emma walked over to them. \"Hello, Rob—Colonel Shaw ordered me to come here to help you guys out with breakfast,\" \"Humph, cook.\" One of the chefs said. \"Wait what?\" Emma doesn't cook in the 1800s, she knows how to cook in the future but she doesn't know how to cook in the past. \"You're a lady, so cook!\" he said. Emma huffed and glared at him. She walked away to the kitchen and sees so many pot and pans, so many jars full of food that she doesn't know what's what. Emma grumbled when she began cooking and after a while the chef that called her out to cook came and took over for her. \"Put the plates down on the table where the chili was,\" the chef said. Emma nods once and she walked over to the table. Emma grunted when she picked up the plates that were full in her arms, she didn't think she could do this but let's hope that she's not clumsy. \"Ah, Emma!\" Emma yelped when she accidently dropped the plates on the table, luckily they didn't crash. She turned around slowly to send a death glare that would be death to the men that were here in Camp Readville. \"Ah, sorry.\" Forbes smiles sheepishly when he realized what's wrong. \"What?\" Emma asked while she rolled her eyes. \"I was going to tell you but I forgot.\" Forbes said then he put his hands behind his back with the smile that were held back. She can see that Forbes was having a hard time holding his laughter while his face was pink. \"You did that to scare me, didn't you?\" Emma asked with the glare once more. \"Ah, nothing beats scaring people for fun,\" Forbes chuckled and smiled at Emma. \"Laugh and I'll start a food fight,\" Emma growled at him. \"Taylor!\" the chef that wanted her to cook called out to her, Emma turned around to look at the chef. \"Get ready,\" he said. Emma nods then she turned around to look at Forbes but he already left to talk to Robert. Emma sighed and she went to the back of the table where so many foods were on it, Emma puts on the apron and she dug out of the food to put it on the plates for the black men. Emma had never seen men look so happy to see such a gross food, she's guessing that they had little food when they were slaves, they were glad to have great amount of goop than little food of bread. Emma felt ashamed that she didn't appreciate what the past had done for the future and she didn't know about it. \"Ms. Taylor!\" \"What?!\" Emma shouted and she accidently scooped the spoon over someone, she turned around and saw… Robert, looking down to his uniform that was filled with goop, Robert closed his eyes to control his temper when he looked up to see Emma, red face like beets, her eyes watered a bit, her jaw opened and she tried to stammer an apology to Robert. She stumbled, the spoon clattered to the ground and she runs off outside. Robert's eyes softened when he noticed Emma runs off out of embarrassment. Robert sighed and he looked around to find napkins so that he can be cleaned, to talk to Emma about this. He knew she didn't mean to do that to him, \"Robert? Are you alright?\" Robert turned to look at Forbes that looked at him with such concern for his friend. \"Yes, I'm going to get cleaned up and talk to Ms. Taylor,\" Robert looked down to clean up the mess. \"You're not going to punish her are you?\" Forbes asked, fearing for the worst for Emma. \"No,\" With that, he walked away to find Emma. And hopefully that she would listen to him. Review, message and leave comments![Chapter 5] Hello! I'm back! I'm so SO SORRY that I didn't come back because I've been busy with school and work (This year is my last year of college, YAY!) Since I'm on my winter break I can write some more! Here it is and enjoy! Chapter Five: A Talk with the Colonel and Meet Sergeant Mulcahy Robert saw Emma standing outside, looking at the trees near the tents of one of the soldiers. He sighed when he looked down at the wet brown ground—which rained last night—then he looked back up at the red haired woman with her back facing him. He bit his bottom lips nervously as he looked around to make sure there was no one behind him or was watching him. He's never much of an attention seeker, anyways. Emma puts her hand on her forehead and the blush never left her face because she couldn't stand of how embarrassed she was when she did that accident on Colonel Shaw. How could I have been so stupid! Stupid, stupid… Emma thought as she ran her hand through her hair. \"Ms. Taylor,\" Robert said. Emma refused to turn her head because she didn't want to be embarrassed by the Colonel. Or embarrassed him, at least. \"Ms. Taylor, please look at me.\" Emma refused to comply his order as she sniffled and her hair hid her face. \"Emma, please look at me.\" Robert spoke softer and gentle that made Emma look up and she turned around slowly to meet the Colonel's gentle brown eyes as his hands were still behind his back, like always. Did he just call me by my first name? Emma thought when she first heard him say that. \"Yes, sir?\" Emma asked, she felt nervous as she noticed that he still have the mess on his chest, and Robert didn't even noticed it. Maybe he's being kind to Emma and didn't want her to be embarrassed? Or entirely something else? \"About what just happened, I…it's not entirely your fault, Ms. Taylor. You weren't paying any attention to where you put the spoon is….so for that, I apologize if I ever happen to embarrass you.\" \"You—you didn't embarrass me, sir. Like you said, I wasn't paying any attention, I just got so embarrassed because of the troops were laughing at me and I didn't want to be punished for something so meaningless.\" With that, Robert nodded and he looked down to the ground again, which Emma had seems to noticed a lot. \"I understand, I will not punish you for doing so, but if you did it on purpose then I have no choice but to punish you. You understand?\" Robert asked when he looked back into Emma's blue eyes. Emma nodded, incited that she understood what he meant. Robert sighed, his shoulders sagged as if he just felt the world weighted off of him. Emma smiled lightly, she felt so much better right now, knowing that Robert wasn't mad at her. \"But aren't you going to clean this up?\" Emma asked once she pointed at the mess she made when Robert seemed to forget that he had a mess on him after all. Robert looked down, \"That's alright, you can clean this up, my dear. But for now, we must meet with this sergeant Mulcahy.\" Robert turned around and he walked away, expecting Emma to follow and she did. Emma never thought she'd heard him say something so affectionate to someone, not even Thomas and Forbes, but it felt nice that she got this attention that no one ever gave her in the future. Maybe, just maybe, 1863 wasn't so bad after all, she hadn't thought of the future, her home, her parents, and she hadn't missed it. Not even once. Robert and Emma arrived to the cabin where there's a tall man with brown mustache and his stance was strong and powerful like he's a mountain. His eyes were brown and he wore the same uniform and kepi navy hat on his head. Emma looked up and down his body, he really was tall! Emma gulped when she recognized him as Sergeant Mulcahy and she knew he's one tough birdie. \"Sergeant Mulcahy?\" \"Sir!\" Sgt. Mulcahy saluted to Robert and spoke so loud that terrified poor Emma to her shoes as she took a step back and went behind Robert's back because she felt safe with him away from the intimidating man. \"Sgt. Mulcahy, how's the trip?\" Robert asked freely. Mulcahy looked at Emma for a mere glance and went back to the colonel. \"Fine, sir. When shall I start?\" he asked. \"You may began tomorrow,\" Robert nodded as if he just decided that and looked at an empty spot right next to him, but only to find Emma right behind him. Robert turned fully and asked, \"Ms. Taylor? What on Earth are you doing back here?\" \"Uh, looking at the trees behind you?\" Emma asked, she certainly didn't want Mulcahy to know that he scared her. Robert scoffed and rolled his eyes a bit as he nodded his head to the two suitcases right beside Mulcahy, \"Please do put these two suitcases in the officers' room.\" Robert ordered her to do so. Emma saluted to Robert and she muttered, \"Yessir.\" She walked over to the suitcases and she was about to pick up the suitcases but it's too heavy for her. Geez! How many clothes did this guy bring? What does he have in there? Bricks? Emma thought when she grunted in effort, she turned in embarrassment that she couldn't pick both of them up. \"Forbes!\" Robert shouted, Forbes stopped walking and he turned to Robert. \"Major, help Ms. Taylor with the suitcases, if you please.\" Robert ordered his friend to help Emma out. Forbes saluted to Robert and muttered a 'yes sir' to him, he went over to Emma's side and picked up one suitcase while Emma picked up one. At least for Emma, one's enough for her to carry all the way to the men's room where the officers slept. Emma slept in the corner of the officers' room, not surrounding by all these men, but a perfect corner for herself only. \"Not much fun, isn't it?\" Forbes asked when he whiffed off his cigar to let the smoke come out of his mouth. Emma coughed when the cigar smoke near her face. \"Nope,\" Emma croaked when she looked up to see Forbes smirked down at her. After they put the suitcases down in the officers' room, they walked outside to see Robert walking down to meet them halfway. \"I need you two in my office, now.\" Robert hissed through the cold and he walked away, leaving Forbes and Emma confused as heck. \"What did we do?\" Emma asked when she turned to look at Forbes. \"I have no idea, sweetie. Let's go and find out, eh?\" Forbes asked when he looked back to see his best friend walking away into his office. Forbes and Emma walked over to the office and Emma quickly ran inside because outside was just too cold for her and she didn't have the right clothing to keep her warm, and she'd doubt that Robert would just give her his poncho for warmth anyways. She probably thought he hated her. \"What is this, Robert?\" Forbes asked once he stepped inside and closed the door while Robert sat down on the chair, looking at Emma and Forbes. \"I want you two to supervise the training of the Sgt. Mulcahy and advise me if he did any inappropriate remarks, or ill-treated the soldiers, understand?\" Robert advised to Emma and Forbes. His brown eyes glanced back and forth between the two people that stood in front of his desk. \"Yes, sir.\" Forbes said, saluted to him and Emma did the same thing, only she remained quiet because she's very cold and thought she might be sick. \"Major, you may leave, but I wish to speak to Ms. Taylor alone, if you please.\" Robert said as he stood up and Forbes nodded. Forbes walked out of the door, leaving Emma alone with Robert. Emma rubbed her arms to try to keep herself warm despite being in the warmest cabin there was. \"Are you okay?\" Robert asked, Emma looked up to meet his eyes, she nodded. Sometimes, Emma didn't want to admit that she's cold or sick. \"I'm fine, Ro-sir.\" \"Emma, you're cold, you ought to think of wearing warmer clothes. If you need, I have my own poncho that you can use.\" Robert sighed, as if he had enough of his daughter's lying to him directly in the face. Emma looked down, she didn't want to admit to the infamous colonel that she's weak. She didn't want to show it at all. \"Alright, I'll ask for your help, sir.\" Emma said. With that, she did a sloppy salute and she looked at the man with a serious look on her face, she turned around and walked away without Robert saying anything to her. Robert sighed again when Emma walked away and he felt a bit hurt that Emma just walked away without saying a good day or something like that, she didn't even acknowledged him at all. Good God, Emma must have hated me. What did I ever do wrong? No! Mustn't fraternize with Ms. Taylor. She would be so difficult for me to ignore… Meanwhile Emma stopped walking and looked at the cabin, she inhaled deeply which she let it out. Why did I act like that to Robert? He's a sweet man, maybe. I shouldn't try to be friendly to Robert. But he's dashing, charming, sweet, handsome…oh God. Emma's eyes widened when she put her hand on her mouth as she realized something. Emma Taylor started to like Colonel Robert Gould Shaw. What had I done? There! All finished! I know Emma's quick at falling in love with Robert, but don't worry, I'll make this a slow burn for you readers! Also, I'm so sick with the cough and stuffed nose that I can't hardly breathe, but at least I finished it for you. Hope you enjoy! ","Summary":" I'm back! And a new story! I love Glory so much that I wanted to add more Robert Gould Shaw stories"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"NBTA NOTHING TO DO WITH SPECTACULAR!","Author":"Queen Donna","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6084773","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Journey Begins (Pilot) (There is a shot of a small town street. A girl- Allie- is jogging to the tiny Post Office in Leipsic, Delaware .) Allie: Excuse me; I was wondering if there was any new mail for the Ellington Family. That's E-l-l-i-n-g-t-o-n. (Post Office Attendant turns to check mail; Allie is carrying three rackets.) Attendant: Yes, here is. ( Allie scans the mail with speed) (Shot of Ben standing at a black mailbox in Chicago, Illinois. He is looking at his watch and seems to be impatient as he looks down the street.) Allie: (Clears her throat and the attendant looks up with annoyance.) Um, are you sure that this is it? (Shot of Jessie getting off a school bus in Dalworthington Gardens, Texas and running to his driveway's mailbox. He is wearing a tennis team t-shirt). (Shot of Leah walking into the kitchen casually in San Diego, California and scans through a pile of letters. Once she sees a manila envelope, she begins to rush.) (Shot of Mike in a detention classroom after school in Long Beach, California. He is impatiently texting his sibling to check the mail at home. There is a large tennis bag overflowing with clothes, shoes, and rackets on the floor next to him.) (Shot of Jen wearing a rain jacket in the rain. She is running out to the mailbox in Seattle, Washington). Attendant: Yes, that is all the mail that was… Oh, I must have missed this. (She hands Allie a thick, manila envelope and Allie practically rips it out of her hands.) MUSIC STARTS To the music of: \"Heaven Can Wait\" By: We the Kings Allie slowly, but surely opens the envelope. Ben smiles at a mailman and hastily rips open a manila envelope. Jessie drops the rest of the mail from the mailbox and rips a similar envelope. Leah rips open the envelope. Mike 's phone vibrates saying \"New Message\" Jen reaches the mailbox and finds the manila envelope in the rain in a poor neighborhood. (One by one, there is a shot with each of them saying \"Oh my god\".) (One by one, there is a shot with each of them saying \"yes\" or \"this is everything I ever wanted\".) Their Letters Allie: This is incredible. Parents: Allie, are you sure you want to do this? Allie: Yeah! Look at what this letter said: (She reads letter aloud) Dear Applicant, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted to the Bollettieri Tennis Academy in Bradenton, Florida. You have been recommended and accepted due to you're extraordinary talent that had been noted. The Bollettieri Tennis Academy has grown throughout the years since its start in 1978 by Nick Bollettieri, the School's founder. Today, it stands as a world-known academy for all with notable tennis ability who wish to continue and further their training. The Bollettieri Tennis Academy has educated many of today's stars on the PTA Circuit. This includes Andre Agassi and the William sisters. We strive to assist every student to reach their own personal best. The NBTA utilizes 35 hard courts, 16 clay courts (one red clay court), and four indoor courts. The NBTA stresses discipline, responsibility, and effort and aims to develop its students on and off the court. Please note and fill out the packets included. These will be due no later then July 7. The costs for education and housing for the term is in the following letters. All students will attend the Bradenton Academy for high school education during the weekday. For financial aid information, please visit our website or call us at the number given. Congratulations and we hope to see you soon! Sincerely, The Board of Admissions Allie: (To herself.) This is everything I ever wanted. The Meetings (Shot of a group in front of the Housing area in Florida.) Parents of Jessie: Now, remember, your older brother is in the room down the hall… Jessie: (Smiling) Mom, I know! I'll be fine. Principal: (Walks to the microphone on the podium set up outside.) Welcome Class of 2013! We are so excited to get to know each and everyone of you! Jen: (Whispering ) Yeah, right Principal: So instead of me going on about the history of this magnificent school, who wants a tour? (The teens in the crowd cheer.) The Girls ( Leah walks into her room. Allie comes in behind her and Jen is already inside. Jen has claimed the bed by the door. She is wearing all black and her hair is tucked underneath a baseball cap.) Leah: (Looks disapprovingly.) You have got to be kidding me. Are you really my roommates? Allie and Jen nod. Leah smiles at Allie , but looks disapprovingly at Jen again. Leah drops her bags on the middle bed against the wall. This leaves the bed closest to the porch door for Allie . Allie: (Extending her hand to Leah and smiling.) So, my name is Allie, well, Allison Ellington, really, but I prefer Allie. Leah: (Ignoring the hand.) I'm Leah O'Neil. Jen: And my name is Jen Oswald. Allie smiles, Leah ignores her. The First Practice 3 Coach: Alright, my name is not important to any of you. You will call me Coach. Welcome to the NBTA. This is your first day of tennis practice. Some of my students call it hell. (Laughing to himself.) We'll go easy on you because you just got here. So can everyone give me five laps around those three courts right there. And, yes, I know you just had lunch. I don't care. So if you are going to get sick, which many of you most likely will, please, just step to the side of the courts so that you don't get in anyone else's way…Well? Why are you still standing there? Everyone begins to run. Fast forward a half hour later. Leah: (Breathing heavy.) God, I can't…I can't do this. (She falls.) Allie: C'mon, Leah. Keep going! He might… Coach: (Yelling.) GET UP! NOW! Leah gets up, slowly. Jessie (feeling bad) comes up from behind, trying to distract the coach. Jessie: (Gasping.) Um, so coach, are we actually going to use our rackets? Coach: Keep your mouth shut! Hey, are you an Oswald? Jessie nods. Coach: Should've expected that coming. Their First Friendship Allie and Leah at a table in the café: The two see a group of girls laughing and wearing revealing clothing. The group is with a group of confused boys. Leah: Listen, Allie, I want you to know that I'm not like those girls. They're complete bitches. Allie: What do you mean? ( She looks awkwardly at Leah and takes a sip of a drink ) Leah: Well, to start, I'm a virgin. Allie spits out the drink Allie: Whoa, ( coughing ). Sorry about that, I thought I just heard you say that… Leah: …That I am a virgin? She shrugs Leah: This might sound a little weird… ( She looks to see that they're alone )…I kinda think that saving yourself for one special guy is cool. Allie: Oh…um, wow. Leah: Anyway, the whole point of this was to ask you…um…do you want to be friends. ( She looks down in embarrassment as Allie smiles ) Leah: You know: you would be my number two; I would be you're go-to girl for whatever… Allie: I'd like that. ( She sits up ) And as you're new friend, I would like to be honest. Leah: ( Now more comfortable ) Shoot. Allie: Well, I really misjudged you. I guess, I saw you constantly making out with Jessie and I thought that you were…well, a slut. ( Leah laughs ) Leah: No, I'm honestly not. I mean, Jessie and I have known each other for a really long time. Allie: Oh, I'm sorry. Leah: It's okay. ( They both laugh ) Leah: Anyway, new friend, I was wondering if you understood the Biology homework at all. Allie: ( Getting up to reach for her bag ) Yup, I have it right here. Hey, did you get the Algebra notes? Leah: Yeah, they're easy. But, in exchange I think you should help me out on the court. My backhand needs work. Allie: Wait, I thought I'm already giving you the Bio homework? Leah: Yeah, but the Algebra notes are equal to the Biology and the backhand. ( Allie starts laughing as there is a zooming out shot of them from they're table ) END of scene[Chapter 2] The Guys There is a shot of a line waiting for the key to their dorms. Ben steps up to the window. Attendant: Last name? Ben: ‚Daniels'…Ben Daniels Attendant: (Looking on a chart.) Benedict? Mike and Jessie are in line behind Ben. They laugh to themselves. Ben: (Sighing.) Yeah, that's me. The Attendant hands him a key and calls for the next person in line. Mike: 'Michael Richardson.' Attendant: (Calling to Ben and handing a key to Mike.) Hey, Daniels, here is one of your roommates. Ben smiles and the two guys shake hands as Jessie steps up to the window. Attendant: Do I know you? Jessie: Nope, not yet. My last name is 'Oswald'. Attendant: Oh, another 'Oswald'. Jessie: (Rolling his eyes.) My name's 'Jessie'. Attendant: You're with them. (Nodding to Ben and Mike.) Jessie turns to Ben and Mike to shake hands. Jessie: Michael…Benedict. (Trying to conceal his laughter.) Nice to meet you both. Ben: 'Ben' is fine. Mike: Yeah, I prefer 'Mike'.[Chapter 3] Unknown Past The six are among classmates in one of the Academy's classrooms waiting for the bell to ring. When it does, a woman ( TEACHER ) stands in the front and begins calling names to take attendance. Teacher: Alright, settle down. Now, I have no idea who any of you are, so please raise your hand when you hear your name. (She reads half the class ) 'Jennifer Oswald'? Jessie: ( Laughing ) It's 'Jessie Oswald'. ( The teacher looks back at the paper and shakes her head as Jen walks into the room ). Teacher: No, no it specifically says 'Jennifer Oswald'. Jen: Oh, I am sorry that I am late- that's me, ma'am. ( There is total silence ). Is there something wrong with that? Teacher: ( Looking up from her list ). No dear, I didn't realize we have twins in this class. Jessie: ( Laughing lightly ). That's not possible. Teacher: Why, of course it is, Mr. Oswald. How could you say such thing in front of your sister? ( She looks down at the list again and murmurs to herself ). At least I know which one you are. ( Jen, having heard the conversation, stares in disbelief at Jessie for a minute. The teacher then asks her to take a seat. Jen sits next to Jessie. ) Mike: ( Whispering from behind Jessie ). You never said you had a sister. Jessie: (In disbelief) Trust me, you are not the only one surprised. The bell rings and everyone leaves the classroom except for Jessie and Jen. They sit in silence first, then Jen turns to Jessie. Jen: The neighbors always did talk about someone named 'Jessie', I just never knew that they were talking about you. Jessie: I have no idea what you are talking about. ( He stands up and turns to leave ). Jen: Jessie, wait. ( Jessie stops, facing the door ). Do you have a mom? Jessie: ( Still facing the door ). Of course I have a mom, everyone has a mom! What kind of question is that? ( He pauses ). But, I've never met her. ( Jen jumps up and Jessie faces her ). Jen: Jessie, tell me please, who do you live with? Jessie: My dad, why? Jen: ( Taking out a picture ) is this him? Jessie: ( Almost fainting ) Oh my god, yeah. Jen: Then you must be my twin brother because that's my dad too; I just have never met him. ","Summary":" The Journey Begins (Pilot) (There is a shot of a small town street. A girl- Allie- is jogging to th"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Headed in the right direction","Author":"couldbemoresonic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4928305","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Indon't own Spectacular! But I absolutely loved the movie, hence thenfanfic… bravo Nickelodeon! _-_-_-_-_-_-NikkonPOV_-_-_-_-_--_--_-_-- Inwas finally there, I had achieved my dream. Inwas back with my band singing my favorite song, Don't Tell Me Inwas so close to going far, but something about leaving Courtney wasnscrewing up my head. What was it about her that made me feel that Inwas in the wrong place. Justnthen the record company had me stop. Inhad been thinking about Courtney and my conscience was telling me tonleave, that after all this time, this was not where my heart was. \"Please,nlet me show you where my heart is…\" I answered them when theynasked me what happened. Wenmade the short drive over the Showchoir, and I knew this is where Inwas supposed to be. Every turn of the wheels made my heart thumpnlouder, I wanted to be with her, I wanted to make her smile. Now Inwas sure I was headed in the right direction. Butnwhy did I feel like this? Whennhad I fallen for her? Inhadn't noticed these feelings before now. WhennI got in, I frowned, Spectacular was already on stage, I was toonlate. But a little voice in my head told me, \"It's never toonlate for love\". Indidn't bother fighting with the voice; I had found a way onto thenstage, and planned on getting there… I had to get to Courtney, tellnher I was sorry. Injumped up onto the stage right before the first chorus; Court turned,nand was beaming. She had already forgiven me. At the awardsnceremony, I stood next to her, magnetic gravity pulling me towardsnher. We didn't win, but backstage the record company gave us anrecording deal, and everyone was trilled. Everyone was turning tonleave, but I grabbed Court to stay for a minute. I was planning tonapologize and beg for forgiveness, but when she turned towards me, Inwas surged with love. I got lost in her eyes, and without thinking,nstarted leaning towards her. I didn't bother fighting it, I knew Inwouldn't win… and it looked like she wasn't fighting it either. Suddenlynit was taking too long, and I leaned in and kissed her full on thenmouth. It was bliss, it was like time had stopped and it was just menand Courtney. Her lips on mine, not hiding the love anymore. Thennshe kissed me back, her hand moved to my cheek and I felt like I wasngoing to explode from love. The voice in the back of my head wasnapplauding. Shenpulled away, but I wasn't nearly done. Instood there confused, just realizing what I had done. Butnthen she giggled, and I knew it was going to be okay. Mynemotions were plain on my face as I followed her out the door. Excitednto be moving ahead, and leaving the past behind.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Omg, ive never putnup a 2 nd chapter… but I promised this 1 tonsolosinger1. Here goes… Courtney POV We've been going outnfor two months And what a two monthsnit's been. I was walking home fromnNikko's house, The sun had just set, It was dark, I wasn't beingncareful, No one ever went downnthat street anyway, The lights came fromnthe right. They came fast. I didn't have time tonreact. Everything happened innslomotion, like I was a step behind everyone else. I hadn't realized thencar had hit me until I was on the ground, my head throbbing, I couldn't movenanything. I remember a franticnwoman, sirens, bright lights, a mask over my face… Then everything went black. 10 daysnlater NonPOV Courtney! Courtney! Nikko's voice rannthrough her head. \"Ugh\" Courtneyngroaned, \"Nikko?\" She longed to hear his angelic voice. Courtneynthought back to last show choir and smiled at the memory of her andnNikko dancing on stage together, but something was off, the memorynwas fuzzy, but that was probably the clearest memory she had. Courtney opened herneyes for the first time in almost two weeks, but there was no onenthere. \"that's funny.\"nCourtney mumbled to herself as she pulled herself out of the hospitalnbed. Wait… hospital bed? She looked around, andntried to remember why she was in a hospi… Ooooohhhh… right. Thenaccident. She clutched thenrailing of the bed to keep herself from falling. Just outside the door,nthere was a sniffiling sound, followed by a quiet sob. She called out, stillnholding the railing, \"Nikko?\" Still no answer. Courtney steadiednherself and walked toward the door, grabbing at the walls to steadynherself. \"Nikko?\" she askednmore quietly. All of a sudden, hernmom appeared in the doorway, both relief and disappointment washednthrough Courtney. She wanted so badly to see Nikko. \"Courtney! You'renawake! Oh, my baby! We were so worried.\" Her mom's voice wasnwashed in relief, but her eyes were red and puffy from all of thencrying. Bags under her eyes made her look like she hadn't slept inndays. \"Wait, mom, who wasnworried? How long was I out?\" \"10 days, sweetnheart. Let me call a nurse and you go rest, we have to talk.\" I was worried, but Inremembered my initial reason for getting out of my bed, \"Have you seennNikko?\" Court asked, but her mom had already left to summon annurse. She sat down at thenedge of her bed when just the person she was looking for walked innthe room. Nikko, unlike her mother, seemed depressed, but it hadn'tnlooked like he'd cried. His lips turned down at the edges and hisneyes watched the ground. CourtneynPOV \"Nikko.\" I said. Nikko looked up,nsurprised I was awake. A smile spread across his face. He dropped his backpacknand ran over to me and then… I fainted. -----------------------------------14 minuites and 27 secondsnlater--------------------------------- Before I opened myneyes, I tried to picture Nikko's face so I would be ready thisntime. I was sure that wasnwhat made me faint. I opened my eyesnslowly, letting the light in and letting them adjust before meetingnhis. When I did, I hadnpulled myself back to reality. Nikko's face wasndown, his tear stained cheeks were glimmering in the artificialnlight. His eyes were full ofnworry, \"What's wrong?\" I asked. I had never seen Nikkoncry and frankly, it scared me. \"Court… I cant helpnbut feel guilty about this whole thing… If I had walked you homenthat night, I could have… you wouldn't have…\" he started tonsob and I held him in my arms, wondering how we had managed to switchnplaces, \"shhh, it's okay\"nI said. \"No Court, it'snnot,\" his voice was rough, \"I'm not a good boyfriend, I couldnhave stopped you from getting hit.\" \"Nikko?\" Now I wasnscared, he'd never acted this way before. \"Courtney,\" henchoked out between sobs, \"The doctor said that when the car… hitnyou,\" he winced, \"you hit your head very hard and cracked yournskull,\" I gasped, this was morendamage than I thought, suddenly I was feeling woozy, \"He also saidnthat you would suffer from brain damage for a very long time, if notnyour whole life.\" I was shocked at thennews; I reached up to touch my head and winced… what would thisnmean? No more dancing? But show choir was my dream, I couldn't giventhat up. I just couldn't. But I didn't blamenNikko! I reached for his facenand brought his eyes up to look at me, \"Nikko, this is not yournfault.\" Before he could argue,nI kissed him. The kiss let him know that I truly didn't blame himnfor the accident and that I still loved him. He kissed me backnsoftly and tenderly, still having not forgiven himself. I knew this wasn't over, but I could still live a fairly normalnlife… right? Yay! Its over! Or isnit? Actually its not. I already have then3rd chapter all planned out, but its up to u. DO U WANT 2 KNOW HOWnTHIS ENDS?? Well tell me. Come onn, the buttons right there, PUSH IT!nAnd seriously, how long does it take to write a review, all I neednis, \"it was good\" or \"it totally and completely sucked\" oh,nand don't 4get the, \"please write more.\" That ones important. R&R; and maybenill type up the third! 3, princessrainbowflower[Chapter 3] I think ive gotten…nmaybe 2 reviews since the second chapter… and I should be doingnhomework, but here goes numero 3! ..........…...….....…….…..……. \"Court, the doctornsaid no dancing, so just come home after school, okay?\" I frowned… \"surenmom.\"… she had spoiled my plan. Mom drives me to schoolnever since the accident. She won't let me walk or drive anymore. After dad left, she hasnbeen really protective over me… almost like she's afraid I'llnleave too. My head trauma onlynseemed to last a couple of weeks… okay, months, but I was going tonhave to hide the pain if I ever wanted to continue showchoir. I kissed mom good byenand turned towards the school as she drove away. I sighed. The end ofnthe year was closing in, and I'd missed so many practices. Plus,nfinals were coming up, so I wasn't in the greatest of moods. Nikko popped his headnout the front door. He had been waiting fornme. He waits there every day and always asks the same question… \"Hey baby, how'snyour head?\" \"Damn it Nikko, Inwish you would stop asking me that!\" I had decided to shakenit up today instead of the usual, \"fine\". Nikko took a step backnand watched me as if I was going to spontaneously explode. I broke eye contactnwhen he opened his mouth to ask about my outburst, and strodenfuriously down the hall. Nikko couldn't take anhint. I heard his heavy footnsteps behind mine, so instead of speeding up, I stopped short. \"ugh!\" I turnednaround to yell at Nikko again, but found, one of the smaller, nerdiernkids, Geoff (pronounced Jeff) in his place. \"OmiGod, I'm sonsorry! I didn't know that was you!\" I bent down to help himnget his books, and apologized about a hundred and seven more times. He walked away, leavingnme with a fresh blush on my cheeks of embarrassment and… Nikko. \"You okay?\" \"it's ARE you okay,nNikko, me no tarzan.\" \" sorry . Indidn't know they crowned you the head of the English police.\" \"Well, you shouldnseeing as you know everything about me! You don't stop followingnme around all day!\" He was so pissing me off. \"No I don't.\" Henreplied, but I knew that he was lying; I'd seen him follow me tonclass. \"What's my thirdnperiod?\" \"Art with Mrs.nGonzalez… but…\" I cut him off. \"Nikko, high schoolnis supposed to be about having freedom, and being able to expressnyourself! I don't have either, because I'm driven to school bynmy MOM, YOU have to baby-sit me while I'm here, AND I can't donshowchoir! I'm sick and tired of all this jail time!\" …. After a very awkwardnsilence, he spoke up… \"sorry.\" … and then he walkednaway. I had never felt sonalone in my life. But this is what Inwanted… right? Nikko didn't show upnto fifth period that day. The whole day I wasnreplaying the scene in my head. I was right, I didn'tndeserve all this jail time. I've never disobeyed mom before, But there's a firstnfor everything, right? -----------------------------------------afternschool----------------------------------------------- 12 unread messages. Mom times 12. \"Breathe\" I said tonmyself, \"you can do this court.\" *ring* once, twice,nthree… \"Hello? Courtney? Where are you?\" \"Hey mom, it'snokay, I'm fine.\" A little shaky, but mom was just glad to hear mynvoice. \"Listen, I wasnwondering if I could stay after today for math, I don't understandncircles at all, and finals are coming up…\" I held my breath… \"Sure court, do younhave a ride home?\" Shoot… uhhh… \"Yeah, Nikko saidnhe'd be more than happy to drive me home.\" Nice save, Court, toonbad Nikko won't talk to you… \"Sure, honey, justngimme a call okay? Love you.\" Me no Tarzan… \"I love you too,nmom.\" *click* A sigh of relief… And off to show choirnpractice. ------------------------------------------afternpractice-------------------------------------------------- I'm getting better atnthis lying thing. \"You got a ride home,nCourt?\" Janette asked me. \"Ye… actually no. nCould you drop me off?\" \"Sure! Come on, I'mnaround the corner.\" The ride was mostlynjust silent. The music was playing in the background. \"Thanks Jan, I owenyou one.\" \"Anytime Court. Itnwas really cool of your mom to let you join again.\" \"OH! I forgot, momnwanted me to pick up some eggs at the store. Its only a block fromnmy house, I can walk from there.\" She pulled into thenparking lot of the store. \"Thanks for thendrive.\" \"See you next weeknfor practice!\" And she drove away. I laughed and shook mynhead at how simple lying to them was. I headed home, and…ngot there in one piece. I told mom that Nikkonhad dropped me off and left, so he wasn't outside. She said, \"I trustnyou Courtney.\" And smiled. That kinda hurt my ego,nbut I think I'll live. My cell rang and Inanswered it without checking the I.D. \"hello?\" I said. \"… Courtney, look,nI'm sorry. I didn't know that I was hurting you. Listen, I havena secret that I've never told anyone.\" \"Nikko?\" \"Yeah, it's me.\" \"What's thensecret?\" \"Umhh… I'm… I'mnchemically depressed.\" \"… So now were bothncrippled.\" \"Not exactly, whennI'm around you, you cure me. You're like my own antidepressant,nbut when you yelled at me this morning… I couldn't help it…\" \"Nikko, are younokay?\" \"I don't knownCourt.\" \"I'm coming over,nokay?\" He spoke in a smallnvoice, \"Please don't, I don't want you to see me.\" I was starting to getnscared, \"Nikko, you have no say in this, I am coming over, be therenin 5 minutes.\" I hung up and ranndownstairs. I had no time to arguenwith mom, so I just grabbed the keys and ran out of the house. --------------------------------------------Nikko'snhouse---------------------------------------------- \"Nikko? Are you innhere?\" no answer. I ran up to his room, And there he was, backnto me, facing the window. His back was hunched over, and his handsnwere in his lap; his sleeves rolled up. I looked down and onnhis bed sat a compass, the one he used for math. I walked around him. His arms covered innblood, and his face pale and blank. It was the scariestnsight I had ever seen… and I was hit by a car. I didn't saynanything. I sat down on his bednnext to him. I knew about depressed people, my brother was depressednuntil his death… suicide. \"I'm sorry, I'mnso sorry.\" Nikko was trying to console me . I just sat there andnheld him. And cried with him. We were in suchndelicate positions… I didn't know what to do anymore. It must have been annhour, or maybe just minutes, I couldn't know for sure. Nikko stood up andnwalked into the bathroom. He closed the door and I looked downnslowly, not sure if I wanted to see the weapons of torture. His bed was covered innblood. I thought I was going to throw up when he walked out of thenbathroom, his face grim. I stood up and henpulled his quilt off of the bed, letting the compass and bloodyntowels fall to the ground. The way his face lookednwhen he walked out of the room will be etched in my head forever. Next day at school ----NIKKO POV---- I woke up and gotndressed for school. It took a little whilento put on a normal face, and I walked out to school. This was my dailynschedule. The long walk to schoolnin the dark was cold and depressing, which didn't help myncondition. I should just killnmyself now… Court won't look at me again, and I don't want tongo on without her, she gives me a reason to live. I reached the school asnthe sun started to rise. Busses and cars were pulling up and lettingnpeople out. I sighed, another daynof hell. Walking slowly, Inopened the doors to the school… to find Courtney waiting for me. We didn't talk, butnshe took my hand and we walked to class. She stopped outside ofnmy classroom and lifted my hand to her face and kissed my palm. Her fingers traced thenscars running up my arms. I kissed her on the mouth and fingered thenscar on the back of her head from surgery. Silently reminding eachnother that we could make it through life, we had each other. Shenstepped back and turned to walk to her class. \"I love you.\" Inwhispered… the sound was lost in the commotion of the hallways, andnI walked into class. ----NO POV---- Courtney snuck off tonanother days worth of show choir practice, but something wasndifferent… Nikko had followed her. \"Court, I thought thendoctor said not dancing.\" \"He did, but this isnmy dream Nikko, surely you of all people can understand!\" Nikko sighed, \"Fine,nbut I'm coming too and I'm driving you home after.\" Court jumped up andnhugged him, he wrapped his arms around her and hid his face in hernhair. \"Thank you, Nikko.\" \"Anything for you,nyour highness.\" He bowed and looked up at court behind his hair. She smiled, Nikko wasnback. Practice ended, andnNikko drove Courtney home as promised. Life was back tonnormal, and nothing could separate Nikko and Courtney, They held each otherntogether, they understood each other, they were never going to leaventhe other's side again. PROLOUGE Courtney and Nikko gotnover their illnesses, Courtney won show choir with the help of Nikkonfor always supporting her onstage and off. Back stage, Nikkonproposed to Courtney reminding her of all the bad times that they gotnthrough together, saying that he never wanted to be without hernagain. Courtney said yes. I got bored of thisnstory after a while. Feel free to redo the ending if you want. Inrefuse to write anymore. Thanks for reading! Reviews are very muchnappreciated. ","Summary":" Indon't own Spectacular! But I absolutely loved the movie, hence thenfanfic… bravo Nickelodeon! _-_"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"The Wolfman (2010) - Epilogue","Author":"Dawn's Edge","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13236519","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my take on what transpired after the ending of the movie. Enjoy! Aberline watched from inside a carriage as the chaotic scene played out before him. There were men all around—police and villagers alike—shouting to one another as they tried to quell the inferno that was quickly consuming Talbot Hall. Let it burn, the inspector thought darkly, trying to suppress a cough. His lungs were still compromised from all the smoke he inhaled from earlier. There would be no saving the large manse from the fire that had rapidly spread to the upper floors and adjoining wings. He doubted anyone actually wanted to save it. The real concern was the fire spreading to the surrounding area. Or, the cynical side of him thought, they were trying to save as much of the estate as they could so they could scrounge for priceless antiquities once the fire had been put out. Vultures. He tore his eyes away from the burning hall and craned his neck to examine his wounded shoulder. Not that there was much he could examine; his wound had been sewn and dressed as best it could, and his arm had been put into a sling to minimize his movement. He was given a clean shirt and coat to wear, having had removed his torn and blood-soaked garments so the doctor could work on his wound. The doctor had also bandaged the cut on his face, which he hadn't even known was there until his shoulder was being tended to. The monster must have struck him during that initial attack, before sinking its teeth into him. He eyed the bit of bloodied gauze that he could partially see from under his shirt, and grimaced. It still hurt like hell. Not only that, but it burned and itched, too. It was a peculiar feeling—like hundreds of ants were crawling beneath the ruined flesh. It was getting to the point where he had to refrain from tearing away the gauze, ripping out the stitches, and digging his fingers into the wound, just to satisfy the maddening itch. Narrowing his eyes, he raised his right hand and carefully touched his fingers to the gauze, intending to apply just enough pressure to give him some relief. As soon as his fingers made contact, the door to the carriage opened, causing him to drop his hand into his lap. \"Don't think you're supposed to mess with that,\" Detective Adams chided. Aberline ignored him, not in the mood for the man's teasing. \"Have you heard anything?\" Adams shook his head. \"No one has seen Carter since before he left for Talbot Hall, and wherever he's gone, he surely would come here once he heard all the commotion.\" His words made Aberline's stomach sink. Adams turned from Aberline to look at the burning estate. \"You don't think, that maybe there's a chance…\" Aberline shook his head. \"We won't know for certain until the fire has been put out. Until then, we need to hold out hope that he's alright.\" The words were meant to be more encouraging than they actually sounded, and more hopeful than the inspector actually felt. Adams was right; anyone within miles would have seen the light and smoke. Carter should be here. Where the hell is he? Adams stewed over the inspector's words for a bit, before nodding in agreement. \"How are you doing?\" he asked, changing the subject. Aberline sighed, which turned into a cough. Which then turned into several more, louder coughs. Adams winced at the harsh sounds. \"That bad, eh? Are you sure you're well enough to make the trip to London tonight? Perhaps you should reconsider and find lodgings here.\" Aberline managed to stop his coughing fit long enough to relay his discontentment with the possibility. \"No. I've had enough of this accursed place. I will not… stay here any longer than is necessary.\" More coughs derailed the conversation. Adams waited patiently for the inspector to catch his breath. After a few more seconds, Aberline continued. \"Which is why I'm leaving you in charge in my stead. I trust you can handle things.\" Adams nodded, but Aberline could see that there was uncertainty on the man's face. Before he could ask what the matter was, Adams spoke. \"That woman…\" \"Miss Conliffe? What about her?\" \"How would you like me to deal with her? She won't respond to our questions, and the men will be writing their reports on what's happened here tonight. Normally we could just omit her involvement, but…\" \"She killed our suspect.\" \"Exactly.\" Aberline had no immediate answer to give. How should he proceed with things? Once again, it seemed that Gwen Conliffe was bound and determined to be a thorn in his side. She had been nothing but trouble ever since Lawrence Talbot was first taken into custody. And tonight? She had undermined his whole operation in order to…what, exactly? He had no clear idea what her intentions had been, but knowing her, it wouldn't have been to his benefit. And it hadn't been; her actions had nearly resulted in his death. Had it been anyone else, he would have made sure they faced consequences for their actions. So why could he not bring himself to do so with her? He knew why. He had seen her, holding the body of Lawrence Talbot—had seen her tear-streaked face, contorted in pure sorrow. She had just killed a man whom she had felt deeply for. She was still as much a victim as anyone—perhaps more so. She would need time to grieve, and she would not be able to do that properly if she had police breathing down her neck. Aberline had made his decision. Sitting up straighter, he addressed Adams. \"Tell them to leave her out of their reports. I don't want to see one mention of her. Understood?\" Adams nodded. \"Very well, sir. But what shall they report instead? She did kill our man, after all.\" Aberline frowned. He hated lying, especially when it came to work-related matters. But if he wanted to keep Miss Conliffe's name out of the reports, he could see no other option. He wracked his brain, trying to come up with an alternate timeline of events. After his brush with death at the hands of the monster, she had escaped into the forest. Then the beast chased after her, and then he in turn chased after it. How could he make it so that Miss Conliffe would not have any involvement? His gun. It had been the weapon that killed Talbot. An idea came to him. It was simple, but it would do. \"I shot and killed Lawrence Talbot,\" he said definitively. \"You did?\" asked Adams. Nodding, Aberline continued. \"Yes. Talbot attacked me, resulting in the fire. I took a shot at him. The shot was not lethal, and he escaped. I chased him down and finished him off. That's what you will tell them.\" Adams mulled it over for several seconds. \"Sounds good to me. I'll tell the men once this whole mess is taken care of,\" he said, gesturing toward the fire that, despite the constant efforts to be put out, was still raging on. \"I had better not see one mention of her when the reports come in.\" \"You won't, Chief Inspector. I'll make sure of it,\" replied Adams. \"Now, if you'll excuse me, I should probably go lend a hand. I'll tell Metcalfe that you're ready to leave.\" As the detective walked away, Aberline slumped back down in his seat. The conversation with Adams had left him feeling drained, and the incessant throbbing in his shoulder was not helping matters. At least he would be back in London by morning, where he could have his wound looked at properly. Maybe he would even take a short break once he got back. Perhaps even a whole week. God knows he deserved some peace and quiet after this whole ordeal. His eyelids began to feel heavy. Where was this sudden exhaustion coming from? He glanced at the still open door of the carriage. Lazily, he reached out his hand to close it. As his hand moved from out of the shadow of the carriage, Aberline was struck by how bright it appeared in the moonlight. A strange compulsion came over him, and he leaned his head out of the carriage and looked up at the sky, and his eyes locked onto the moon directly overhead. It held his gaze for several seconds. No thoughts currently occupied his mind as he stared, transfixed at the glowing, white orb. A sudden chill went through his body, shocking him out of his reverie, and he quickly shut the carriage door. He blinked several times, then shook his head, perplexed. Before he could give consideration as to what had just transpired, the carriage door opposite of him opened, and a large, burly man sat down on the seat next to him. It was Metcalfe, one of the members of the Special Police. The man's entrance knocked something against Aberline's knee, and he looked down to see the wolf's head cane. He had nearly forgotten it was there. He hadn't parted with the cane since he had taken hold of it back in the portrait room of Talbot Hall. At the time, he had been intent on running it through the monster's hide. Now, its vacant eyes stared up at him from within the darkness of the carriage. \"Are you ready to depart, sir?\" Metcalfe asked him, still getting comfortable in the seat across from Aberline. \"Yes. The sooner the better,\" murmured Aberline. Metcalfe rapped on the carriage's roof, signaling for the driver to leave. The carriage lurched forward, slightly jarring both occupants. Aberline could feel every bump the wheels ran over as the carriage made its slow journey out of the small encampment to the main path. He turned in his seat and gave a final glance to the burning Talbot estate, hoping that it would be the last time he would ever see it standing again. Something caught his eye as the carriage made its way past some wagons. Or rather, someone . On the back of one of the wagons sat a woman wrapped in a blanket. Her head was bowed, but Aberline could still make out her morose expression, and her dull and despondent eyes. Miss Conliffe. He studied her, feeling a pang of sadness and pity for the poor woman. Then she looked up. At first her eyes tracked to the right, looking at something in front of the carriage that Aberline could not see, but then they shifted to stare directly at him. He felt his breath hitch in his chest, and time seemed to stand still as the two acknowledged each other. In that instant, Miss Conliffe's expression had morphed. No longer did her eyes appear dull; they were now sharply focused on his own. There was something accusatory there; perhaps even some fear in there as well, something that deeply unnerved him. He saw her lips part, as if she wanted to say something, but he could discern no words. And then time continued at normal speed and the carriage rolled on, and Gwen Conliffe was blocked from his view. Aberline felt the air return to his battered lungs. \"Wot is it?\" Metcalfe's booming voice nearly made him jump. \"You look like you've seen a ghost.\" Aberline's brows furrowed in contemplation. \"I'm not sure what I saw,\" he answered honestly. But whatever had passed between him and Gwen Conliffe had spooked him more than any ghost ever could. The carriage reached the main road, thus beginning the long journey back to London, and back to the promise of normalcy. ","Summary":" This is my take on what transpired after the ending of the movie. Enjoy! Aberline watched from insi"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"IN 29 DAYS","Author":"ActionFantasyLuver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7204366","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SPOILERS : The Wolfman on DVD. (On the blue-ray version of THE WOLFMAN there are alternate endings. While I did like the way the movie ended, and am pleased they did not use any of the alternate endings shown on the blue-ray, I found myself intrigued. In these scenes we see where the werewolf did, indeed, attack Gwen at the end, biting her before she or anyone killed the wolfman. I thought I'd take one of those scene and rewrite it a bit, expanding on it, and making it a small character piece. Thanks and enjoy) CODA: THE WOLFMAN : \"In 29 Days He heard them in the distance. The hounds. The men. The shouts. He smelled them too; the salt of their delicious blood, the sweetness of their soft skin and the more acrid odor of their weapons, some freshly fired. It mingled with the odor of the torches. It excited him. Yet, none of it was more powerful then her . The wriggling body beneath him. It was soft and firm yet pliable and his for the taking. He wanted her desperately … Gwen … but the things she made him feel were confusing. The creature felt a familiarity and the knowing made him feel warmth. He almost knew her … not like a hunter knows its prey, the pleasure of the chase and the kill, but how a male animal might know its mate. And in that moment it knew what it had to do. He turned back to look at her, at her fear and the tears - and the weapon now pointed in his direction. She shook, her hands unsteady. A moment of weakness … She could not do it. Such a brave if foolish thing to do. A small betrayal. And he could forgive her this because, even in the recesses of his beastly mind, the creature knew he would probably do the same if in her position. The monster attacked. He launched himself at her, the flesh of her throat so pure and recently unravaged against his teeth. He tasted her perspiration with his laving tongue, made all the tastier by her fear and struggle. He could have finished her off right there, his fangs digging deep into her slender neck and shoulder - but he held back. Honestly, he did not want her dead. He wanted something more than his wolf-mind could readily understand. Then he lapped at the thick fluid as it ran freely into his mouth. He could hear her pain-filled cries, feel her straining against him, her hands pushing at him, uselessly trying to break free. This too was exciting. He was the true king of the forest. All did his bidding - or died. He was The Wolfman . When the shot came it exploded into his chest. He tasted silver. Somehow - someway - her grip on the gun strengthened and she pressed the trigger. He pushed away, infuriated by treachery, then fell back. He could feel life draining from him … and a change … a deep change that made him want to fight for the bliss of the hunt, for the kill or be killed mind-set he so cherished as a beast. He was thinking emotionally but rationally … He was becoming a man. Nothing more than an oh so weak man … and he, the beast, was becoming extinct. Lawrence Talbot carefully and gradually flipped over onto his back, his mind acknowledging that someone finally did it. He was dying. \"Oh thank you … thank you ….\" he whispered under his breath. He then looked over, hearing her quick intake of breath. The anguish. His eyes widened . Gwen. Oh no. Agonized, physically and emotionally, he crawled over to her. Was she dead? Had he killed her? If he had - Oh dear God, if anything ever happened to her he would never be able to forgive himself. \"Gwen.\" Lawrence saw the blood, the tears in her eyes, and the forlorn nearly accepting expression as she fell into shock. \"I'm so sorry …\" She wasn't quite looking at him. Lawrence took her hand even as he felt the life draining away. He held it in both of his and knew what agony she was in. He had been there too - \"Please forgive me.\" he begged. Then she looked at him through her pain and whispered, \"Lawrence … I love …\" but could say no more. However, her fingers tenderly squeezed his in acknowledgment. Forgiven. It would come to Gwen much later that there was a reason she survived when so many others had been murdered before her. The monster was not after her death. She was not merely another trophy for the wolfman. He wanted her to be his mate. The animal part of Lawrence Talbot needed a companion as much as any man. Even monsters needed love, she thought miserably. Alive, as man and woman, they might have had something together. The beast had picked up on that, understood Lawrence's longing and that Gwen was receptive. And as werewolves they would have prowled the night together … she would be the mother of its children … or pups . Gwen remembered hearing somewhere that wolves mated for life. It was sweet and horrifying all at the same time. \"Thank you.\" Lawrence exhaled one last breath then laid his head down. Both his hands still held her own. He died. Gwen wept for him. Then she heard the dogs, louder now, and the snapping of branches as heavy feet stepped on them. \"Someone get the doctor!\" She heard men's voices. Aberline's men. The Inspector had been wound too. Gwen painfully lifted her head and watched him as he leaned weakly against a tree, taking in Lawrence's dead body and her injury. Their eyes met. Both knew their futures. She watched him as he averted his gaze and looked up at the full moon. In twenty nine days ... Gwen heard a nearly mystical gypsy music in the distance. Somewhere a wolf howled at the moon. THE END July 2011 ","Summary":" SPOILERS : The Wolfman on DVD. (On the blue-ray version of THE WOLFMAN there are alternate endings."},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"The Change","Author":"Elizabeth Autumn Star","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7556797","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The transformation I can feel it coursing through my veins. The agonizing pain leaking into my muscles. I cannot escape the grip the curses hand no more. For the night of the hunter is upon us. The moon is glistening high above, bright and full. This is my turn, my turn to hunt. I hear a sharp crackling noise that seems to be coming from my joints. I hunch over in pain. I see my feet start to become more animal-like. My figure taller. My teeth sharp and sleek. All of a sudden a cavernous howl escapes from my mouth as I stare up at the moon. t breathless. It seemed as if my feet were growing larger, turning almost animal-like. I stood up straight, looking down. It seemed as if the ground was getting lower. My eyes widened. I was growing taller. I bit my lip, but immediately regretted doing so, as I tasted blood. My teeth had grown sharp and sleek. I felt a strange feeling building up in my chest. I rose toward the moon and let a cavernous howl tear from my throat.\" I smell fear. I turn on all fours to see a prostitute staring at me in terror. She turned to run, but I pounce on her all too fast. I jerked my head away for a quick moment for the smell of her warm pulsating flesh beneath my claws was overwhelming. Not able to hold back my animal senses, I claw my way through her flesh and organs. Only eating the warm juicy flesh pulsing within my mouth. As I quickly finish, I hear footsteps coming close. Satisfied enough with what I have just devoured, I swiftly flee. As I run away I hear a muffled screech. I stopped when I came to a ledge over viewing a glistering lake. I sat down on my hind legs and gazed up at the deceitful moon. The one thing that holds me to this retched curse. I let out a howl as the anger rises within me. I can never have my dear Gwen find out about this. Never…. They know \"Lawrence.\" An unfathomable voice shook me from my slumber. I opened my eyes while muttering. I cringed when the sunlight violently shined into my eyes. A hefty figure stepped into my vision. He extended his hand to me, but I swatted it away. \"Get up. The villagers are coming for you, boy.\" I silently got to my feet. \"What have I done now?\" I went to rub my face when I noticed something odd. I saw blood, dried and flaking, all over my hand. I looked around to find that I'm in a thick forest. I am sitting in the only patch of sunlight that managed to get through the canopy of tree tops. Have I become the one thing I dreaded most? It couldn't be. I glanced at the stranger, who in turn nodded. \"Why do you nod at me?\" \"You have been chosen to lift this curse. But to lift it, you must obtain it.\" I stepped back. Please no, don't let my suspicions be true! \"Please tell me I have not become -\" \"A monster, yes. To be specific you've become a werewolf.\" \"Wh..what..would Gwen think? No…I can't tell her about this.\" Remembering about the stranger, I looked up to find that he was gone. I have to time to waste. I sprinted toward the castle, only to be encircled by men on stallions. I dropped to my knees, the dew from the grass staining my skin. Two men walked over to me and grabbed my arms. A tall figure stepped in front of me. His face was wrinkled with age. I slump my head, not caring for this man. \"Lift your head, son.\" His voice was harsh and cold. Like the bitterness of winter. I did not obey his command. His hand wrapped around my jaw and jerked my head up. His eyes pierced through my soul. \"We know what you have done.\" \"Of course you do,\" I tried to chuckle but only managed a soft grumble. \"What is it that you think I have done?\" \"You have slaughtered an innocent woman Maria.\" \"What makes you think that?\" I said with a mocking tone. \"We know of your damned curse. The one that changes your image on the night of a full moon.\" I stood up, shaking my arms free. I gave him a smirk. \"And what do you plan on doing about it?\" I said, egging him on. \"You will suffer as we have. I should kill you myself.\" He took a long breath trying to hold back his anger. \"But your luck stays, for your dad and I have made a deal. You are to travel to London and be admitted back into the insane asylum.\" With that they hopped back onto their horses. As the others rode back to the deteriorating village, the old man remained. \"I'll see you tomorrow at dawn.\" He chuckled to himself as his horse dashed toward the other men. Longing Dear Diary, October 28 th , 1832 It's been three long months since I have last seen my beloved Lawrence. I worry for him with every ounce of my heart each and every day. Sir John has told me that Lawrence had to be sent away for he is ill. I wish I could be with my love. He's the only thing I have left. The only thing I have to hold on. I am tired waiting and longing. This is why I have decided to travel the short distance into London to see Lawrence. Dear Diary, November 1 st , 1832 Horror. Pure dismay was all I could feel when I saw Lawrence. When I got to the asylum everyone was fleeing from the building. Wounds on most of the men. I shrieked in terror when one fell in front of me and grabbed my leg. As I jumped back, I saw a horrid beast jump from the rooftop on top of the man upon the gravel. I remember staring into its piercing eyes. I saw pain and anguish. The same that I always saw in Lawrence's. That's when I quickly realized that it was Lawrence. As I did, I muttered his name. the beast cocked his head and peered deep into my soul. Then I heard a gun shot and a loud yelp emerged from his mouth. He went into a run, and then jumped from a carriage back onto the rooftops. All I could do was go back to the inn I'm staying at. I'm still shaken from the event. Captured The taste of cotton is lingering in mouth from this wretched cloth they have stuffed in my mouth. I'm on the verge of passing out from dehydration. I've been stuck in the prisoner cart of the train for the past two days without food or water. I can feel the train coming to a slow stop. The cart's door opened, letting sunlight pour into the cart. My vision is blurry, but I'm still able to see is the men coming in to haul me out. I squint my eyes to see where I am. All that I'm able to see is a vast valley and a small side rode following the forest line. They forced me into a horse drawn carriage. I pulled on the string to make the curtain drop. My eyes aren't ready to see sunlight yet, making me feel like a blood sucking vampire. I promptly feel asleep listening to the soft galloping of the horses. It seems like it's been 5 hours since I departed the train. All of a sudden the door slammed open, harshly waking me. Men in white trench coats were waiting for me at the door. The men that carried me forward threw me at them. A pain shot threw me as I hit the ground. I look up to see the men peering down at me with scowls filling their voids of faces. \"Get up,\" the one to the left said. I slowly got to my feet, struggling without the usage of my arms and hands. They escorted me into the asylum within the depths of London. After they \"checked\" me in as mentally unstable, they pushed me into a bricked room. One of them came over and undressed me. I felt a rush of cold air caressing my bare skin. It was a little awkward letting another man seeing my nude body, and especially dressing it. After he dressed me, he put me into shackles. I've been tortured multiple times now to get me to believe that I'm not a vampire. But I know the truth, and they can't change that. They'll see what I really am tonight, for tonight is the full moon. ","Summary":" The transformation I can feel it coursing through my veins. The agonizing pain leaking into my musc"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"Sir John ama tocar piano para Lawrence","Author":"Lucifersamcass","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10761487","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Autora: Lucifersamcass Postada também: no Nayh! Fanfiction e Social Spirit Shipper (casal): Sir John x Lawrence Gênero: Slash meio que implícito (eu acho) Disclame: O Lobisomem, seus personagens, seu universo não pertencem a mim. Notas (as mesmas dos sites): Período: Lawrence criança, e no finalzinho Lawrence adulto. Oiii, pessoas :33 Bom, era pra ser uma do Inspetor com o Lawrence, mas o word apagou ela /: Então, eu resolvi (depois de algum tempo) escrever essa. A fanfic ficava na minha cabeça o tempo todo, e eu nem aí :3 Bom, incesto, é só insinuação, eu acho :3 Ah, aconselho a ler a fanfic ouvindo uma playlist de piano que tem o Youtube. Num posso mandar o link /: Mas qualquer música de piano serve. SIR JOHN AMA TOCAR PIANO PARA LAWRENCE À música suave e linda, que fazia os ouvidos de Lawrence quererem ouvir mais e mais ainda daquela música, Sir John que tocava, ele tocava todos os dias para seu filho, desde que era criança até virar um homem feito. Ele adorava tocar para Lawrence. E Lawrence também adorava ouvi-lo tocar. Todos os dia, seu filho mais velho ficava ao lado do pai, sentado num banco revestido de veludo, prestando atenção à seus dedos se movimentando sobre o teclado do piano. O som que saia do instrumento era melodioso, que deixava Lawrence calmo. Toda vez que ele ouvia, fechava os olhos ou olhava para o pai, e ele o olhava de volta, sempre com um sorriso no rosto e um olhar amoroso para seu filho. E, até hoje, mesmo com tudo, ele ainda sorri assim para seu filho, e Lawrence ainda o olha do mesmo jeito. FIM ","Summary":" Autora: Lucifersamcass Postada também: no Nayh! Fanfiction e Social Spirit Shipper (casal): Sir Joh"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"Lupine","Author":"coffee shop poet","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5873692","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If there was a word that could even begin to describe Lawrence Talbot, it would be animalistic. Not in that slighting sense that describes a beast of a man, but a man like a beast. He was not cruel, like the man who beat his wife and children, or malcontent, like the drunk in the most shadowed corner of a rusty old tavern, but passionate. Whatever he fell in love with, from the most statuesque of women to the most rustic patch of wilderness, he did so without a touch of apathy. Of carelessness. It was akin to the raging passion of a hunter. Even the way he moved was predatory. Graceful and cognizant of the world beneath his feet, with even the smallest tinge of danger to haunt his steps. He was tall and formidable in stature, rising above most men, and took to wearing black as if he were always in mourning. Perhaps he was…no one ever knew. For Lawrence was an actor that could summon up the very soul of poetry and all things inhumanly beautiful…and it seemed that his entire life was a part he had to play. Something that was written for him in the black night sky, doused in a thick wave of clouds that shielded his eyes from his true fate. The stars did not seem to light his way…it was said, amongst many, that Lawrence walked in darkness. Perhaps it was why he was so adept with a script. The passion in him…it was such an enormous entity, a streak as long and as wide as the vastest of oceans. He had to focus it somewhere, all that buried ardor. No one knew where Lawrence Talbot came from. Not a whisper of a rumor, not a transient breath of news. All they knew was that he came in, young and brooding, and auditioned for Romeo in a quaint little American theater…immediately he was cast as the forlorn lover. Juliet never did stop loving him. It always seemed that for Lawrence, the walks rose up to meet him and he did not stray away. But they all knew he never turned his back on the past for a moment… For fear of its crawling up his shoulder blades and sticking a knife where the agony would surely never die. ","Summary":" If there was a word that could even begin to describe Lawrence Talbot, it would be animalistic. Not"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"The Wolfman: A Lenda","Author":"JODIVISE","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5877186","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Esta fic destina-se apenas à leitura livre e sem lucros. Nenhuma das personagens descritas me pertencem , sendo exclusividade da produtora cinematográfica do f ilme \"The Wolfman\". Espero que gostem. The Wolfman: \"A Lenda\" Blackmoor. A vila mais pacata que conheci em toda a minha existência. Era para lá que o trépido coche se dirigia. Nada tinha mudado. O céu, onde o sol poucas vezes se dignava a aparecer, era pintado de nuvens escuras tornando o ambiente ainda mais pesado. Os montes e vales continuavam no mesmo sítio. As estradas, utilizadas por cavalos, carroças e coches, continuava sinuosa e enlameada. O mundo avançava a passos largos para algo totalmente novo, mas Blackmoor continuava perdida nas trevas de Deus. Uma angústia apoderou-se de mim ao avistar ao longe a grande mansão. Era no mínimo tenebrosa. Bons tempos eram aqueles em que os corredores e jardins eram invadidos pelo riso de crianças e pela voz doce de uma jovem mãe. Eram essas memórias, as únicas que queria guardar, que acabavam de novo conspurcadas por acontecimentos sombrios. Por mim, nunca voltaria de novo a Blackmoor quanto mais à mansão Talbot. Mas uma carta mudou tudo. Dizia chamar-se Gwen Conliffe e pedia desculpas por me incomodar. Como poderia desculpar alguém que nem sequer conhecia? As linhas seguintes apenas transmitiam desespero. Meu irmão, Ben Talbot, tinha desaparecido. Nada se sabia e desde então temia-se o pior. Hoje penso como o verbo ignorar não me passou pela cabeça. Só me ocorreu um único cenário e este traduziu-se na minha situação actual. Uma viagem torturante por caminhos sinuosos que me levavam de volta ao meu maior pesadelo. Os cavalos pararam na entrada. Olhei em volta. O jardim, outrora decorado com árvores em forma de animais tinha simplesmente morrido. A frontaria erguia-se majestosamente com ar ameçador mostrando a pedra escurecida pelo tempo e as janelas cobertas por heras. A porta rangeu como se o seu esqueleto de madeira não aguentasse o peso dos anos. As folhas de Outono formavam o tapete de entrada. O hall escuro era constituído por inúmeras cabeças de animais embalsamados. Símbolos de antigas caçadas. Uma recepção no mínimo original. O silêncio era tão pesado, que tinha a leve sensação que o lugar onde nasci era um autêntico desconhecido para mim. Os meus olhos desviam-se para as escadas. Uma figura olha-me como se viesse de outro mundo. A recepção de meu pai é contagiante. Fico com a dúvida se a espingarda que traz é para afastar Samson o cão da família, desconhecido para mim, ou então para me amedrontar. - Lawrence, o filho pródigo regressa! – exclamou. A idade tinha se apoderado de John Talbot. Cabelos grisalhos escorriam até aos ombros e a barba branca fez com que um ar cansado pintasse o seu rosto. Pergunto pelo meu irmão. Chego tarde. Já o encontraram, ou melhor, o cadáver de Ben. Comecei a me sentir impotente. Falhei. Fugi e deixei-o sozinho. Onde estava a coragem e curiosidade que sempre tive em criança? Morreu, algures pelo caminho. Queria vê-lo, ao menos despedir-me. A indicação dirige-me autimaticamente ao açougueiro. Na vila todos me olham de lado. Não importa se nasci lá, se passei a infância brincando e correndo com Ben e outras crianças. Sou como um filho bastardo, deserdado por ter abandonado tudo e todos. O ambiente no açougue é deprimente. Sinto a náusea pairar. Do meu lado direito, um corpo coberto por um lençol repousava encima de uma mesa. - Aconselho-o a não fazer isso. – o talhante alerta. E do que adiantaria? Nada fará desparecer a culpa por o ter abandonado. Ao menos deixai-me vê-lo. Destapo o lençol. Deparo-me com um cenário que nada tem de semelhante ao meu pior pesadelo. É como se uma mistura de choque, terror e medo me invadissem. Aquele não é Ben. Não pode ser. Quem faria tal coisa? Deparo-me com um corpo, humano efectivamente, mas só perceptível por algumas partes que sobraram. Tinha sido completamente estraçalhado. O açougueiro refere que os seus órgãos estavam espalhados pela floresta e que a sua carne tinha sido arrancada dos ossos. É demais . Dou por mim no único bar da vila olhando a caneca como se esta fosse o último objecto à face da Terra. Os homens comentam o assassinato de Ben. Foi um homem? Concerteza mais sádico que Jack, o Estripador. Outros comentam sobre o urso de estimação dos ciganos. A última palavra fica-me na memória e massajo as têmporas. Nada faz sentido. Nem o crime, nem os possíveis suspeitos. - O que o atacou nem foi homem nem animal. – um dos habitantes, sozinho numa mesa, fala. - Há 25 anos o meu pai deparou-se com um rebanho inteiro completamente estripado. Percebeu que o que quer que tivesse feito aquilo não era humano. Ouviu os uivos, chegou a casa e fez balas de prata. Desde então nunca mais saiu em noites de Lua Cheia. É completamente ridículo acreditar em lendas, embora esta me incomode. Ao caminhar pelos corredores da casa, uma das portas chama a atenção. Meu pai tinha referido que ela ainda lá se encontrava. - Queria falar com Lady Gwen Conliffe. – peço à criada de quarto. Passado alguns minutos, uma bela mulher aparece-me à frente. É visível o sofrimento por que passa. Percebo que deveria amar Ben e sinto um pouco de inveja. Ao menos ele era amado por alguém neste mundo. Prometo-lhe que irei encontrar o responsável por aquele acto horrendo. Gwen sorri mas noto que fica preocupada. - O que será que matou o Ben? – pergunto a meu pai. - Vi o corpo do teu irmão. O homem é capaz de pior. – noto que não parece abalado. Também não o ficou quando ela morreu. Talvez disfarce melhor que o resto do comum mortal. Mostra-me a Lua através de um telescópio. Sempre me pergunto como é que o homem consegue ficar tão fascinado com uma simples esfera que apenas ilumina quando se digna a aparecer em toda a sua forma. O silêncio da casa faz-me pensar na tal lenda de há 25 anos atrás. Homem ou Besta. Quem seria mais cruel, mais frio, mais selvagem? Só tinha uma certeza. Iria descobrir quem tinha deixado Ben naquele estado, fazendo-o pagar por isso. As lendas são lendas. O homem precisa delas para sobreviver. Mas eu não acredito, já vi muito na minha vida. O Homem, esse sim, é capaz de coisas muito piores. Olho de novo para a lua. Parada lá no alto, vigiando os aventureiros. Que mal ela poderia fazer? ATENÇÃO: Esta fic é a primeira parte de três one-shots que escrevi e que relatam os pontos cruciais do filme \"O Lobisomem\". Bem, escrevi esta fic depois de discutir sobre o filme no NFF. Agradeço o apoio ao pessoal de Sam/Bela lá do NFF, pela força e pela ajudar a betar esta fic. Como adorei o filme, tive sempre o desejo de escrever sobre ele. Espero que gostem!!! Saudações Piratas!!! :D JODIVISE ","Summary":" Esta fic destina-se apenas à leitura livre e sem lucros. Nenhuma das personagens descritas me perte"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"Girl to Werewolf","Author":"all-coked-up","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6138965","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Upon the coming of the twelfth hour, I saw the return of your ferocious glower My first reaction was to cower For you stood above me: a dark, statuesque tower Kiss me, kiss me, love me much As I surrender to your frightening touch Touch me, touch me one last time Before you do commit your crime Many a night you are a mutant spawn But you are mine upon the coming of dawn Your nightly adventures are a danger to me I can't say I didn't know the possibility Tonight your crimes will bring me sorrow For it will be the reason I won't see tomorrow ","Summary":" Upon the coming of the twelfth hour, I saw the return of your ferocious glower My first reaction wa"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"The Wolfman: Salvação","Author":"JODIVISE","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6166083","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ATENÇÃO: Como bem sabem estas personagens não me pertencem, sendo esta fic apenas para o divertimento do leitor. Esta será a terceira e última fic da série The Wolfman. Para quem não viu o filme aconselho a leitura das duas primeiras partes: The Wolfman: A Lenda The Wolfman: A Maldição The Wolfman: Salvação As manhãs cinzentas deixavam o meu espírito ainda mais doente. Mas esse era o fado de qualquer habitante da cinzenta capital inglesa. Olhei pela janela da loja o ambiente exterior. Vendedores apregoavam, burgueses passeavam os seus trajes e cães de luxo, os coches passavam rapidamente levando os mais poderosos ao destino sem terem de pisar o chão imundo e desviando-se dos desgraçados mendigos que de mão estendida apelavam à caridade de quem passava. Era o dia-a-dia de uma das muitas ruas de Londres. Suspirei. Mesmo de casamento marcado, sempre coloquei de fora a hipótese de viver fora de Londres. Era aqui que a minha vida estava e por muito que amasse Ben, nunca me iria adaptar à monótona Blackmoor, nem ao ambiente soturno e frio da mansão Talbot. Ben estava dividido entre o nosso amor e o seu pai. Não queria deixá-lo sozinho. Mas também não era preciso muito. John Talbot fazia de tudo para nos prender, para meu desespero. Agora tudo tinha se desmoronado. Bem tinha morrido e a minha vida tinha deixado de fazer sentido. A angústia pelo seu desaparecimento deu lugar à dor e sofrimento com a sua morte. Tinha que sair dali o mais rápido possível. E tudo estaria correndo normalmente se não ficasse sabendo do acidente com Lawrence Talbot. Tinha-me jurado apanhar o culpado e acabara ficando numa cama à beira da morte depois de mordido pelo animal que seria a mais que provável morte de Ben. Sentia-me culpada. Afinal era por minha culpa que Lawrence tinha ficado assim. Não o tivesse chamado e… A ferida era tão profunda que o médico tinha alertado para o facto de este perder o movimento do braço. Durante a recuperação passei quase todos os minutos e horas à sua cabeceira. Lawrence tinha crises de febre que o faziam alucinar, dizendo coisas sem sentido. Até o meu nome tinha ido lá parar, deixando-me sem reacção. Corria o rumor de que na próxima lua cheia ele se iria transformar num monstro. Povo crédulo. Era mais fácil condenar um inocente do que se darem ao trabalho de apanhar o verdadeiro assassino. No entanto, algo em Lawrence tinha mudado. A sua recuperação foi abissal e a ferida tinha quase desaparecido. Embora não concordasse com o julgamento público e com a tentativa de o Reverendo o levar à força, protagonizando uma cena lamentável, o seu olhar denunciava uma fera oculta. Talvez por o pressentir, Lawrence pediu para que fosse embora. Atendi de imediato, mas o meu coração ficou apertado. Tinha a certeza que algo de ruim iria acontecer. Era como se fosse a última vez que veria aquele Lawrence. Passados uns dias sobre a minha chegada a Londres, soube que Lawrence tinha sido preso. Era acusado pelos homicídios cometidos em Blackmoor e fora dado como louco. Sofria do que se chamava licantropia, um distúrbio que acometia os pacientes de um instinto animal, fazendo-os comportarem-se como autênticos lobos. Tentei visitá-lo mas não me deixaram. Todos os dias no jornal vinha anunciado a audiência que iria ter lugar na primeira noite de lua cheia, provando assim que tudo não passava de uma doença e que lobisomens não existem. Nessa noite tranquei-me em casa. Dei por mim chorando. Sabia que os manicómios eram horríveis e acreditava em pleno na inocência de Lawrence. Para mim não passava tudo de uma encenação da polícia, tentando obter os louros da investigação. No dia seguinte, ao chegar à loja depois de atravessar a rua mais agitada do que o normal ouvi um barulho estranho. O meu coração parou com a perspectiva de ter um assaltante lá dentro. Caminhei devagar até ao fundo da loja, resistindo ao instinto de chamar a polícia. Os meus olhos captaram o corpo familiar debaixo de uma mesa. - Lawrence? – Perguntei, correndo e ajoelhando-me ao lado deste. Parecia um autêntico soldado vindo de um combate sangrento. Depois de comida e roupa lavada, Lawrence voltava a ser o mesmo, porém via-se no seu olhar o sofrimento por que tinha passado. Não puxei o assunto, mas este deu a entender que não estava louco. E por mais estranho que fosse eu acreditava. Trataram-no como animal, mas os verdadeiros animais eram eles. - O que mais invejo no meu irmão foi o tempo que ele pode passar consigo. – Lawrence disse, deixando-me com o coração na boca. Confessou-me que tinha de voltar a Blackmoor, que tinha de travar o seu pai. Ele sim era a verdadeira ameaça. Pedi para que não fosse. O mais certo era não sobreviver. Calou-me com um beijo, do qual fiquei na dúvida se teria esquecido Ben ou se nunca o teria amado, já que o sentimento do momento foi tão forte, que uma avalanche de emoções me deixou zonza. Vozes de homens fizeram-se ouvir, batendo desenfreadamente na porta de entrada. Tinha de deixar Lawrence partir. Era a sua natureza, a sua missão, o seu destino. Abri a porta e o inspector Abberline entrou como um furacão, farejando todos os cantos. Perguntei o que se passava. - Lawrence Talbot fugiu da prisão psiquiátrica. – Abberline explicou, sublinhando que agora, Lawrence era um perigo público. – Pode estar correndo perigo Miss Conliffe. Mantive o meu lado artístico, afirmando que não sabia de Lawrence e que me sabia cuidar. Corri depois para os livros sobre licantropia e lendas sobre lobisomens. Todas diziam o mesmo. Quem fosse mordido transformava-se num. Homem de dia. Lobisomem durante as noites de lua cheia. O modo mais comum para acabar com um? Balas de prata. No mesmo dia rumei até Blackmoor. Numa das leituras tinha saltado a importância das lendas urbanas para o mito do lobisomem. Precisava de falar com o grupo que estava acampado lá. Apanhei-os a sair da vila. - Preciso de falar com Maleva. – Pedi, mas o grupo fez-se de desentendido. Desisti e rumei até ao centro da vila. Descendo do coche notei os olhares recriminatórios. Era realmente estranho chegar a um sítio e ser olhada como algum ser de outro mundo. Dirigi-me às cavalariças da vila. - Queria falar comigo? – A pergunta fez-me voltar de frente para a estranha mulher. – Sou Maleva. - Eu sei que você sabe no que Lawrence se transformou. – Afirmei. – Tem de haver uma cura. - Não existe cura. – Maleva disse e apercebeu-se do meu desespero. – Mas… se você estivesse disposta. Requer coragem e sacrifício! - Eu o farei. – Disse num tom convicto. Ouvi atentamente tudo o que Maleva disse. Seria arriscado. Muito provavelmente morreria, mas o meu coração já não respondia à razão. Eu atirei Lawrence para o precipício. Cabia a mim tirá-lo de lá. A noite tinha caído e uma estranha luz pairava sobre a mansão Talbot. Ao aproximar-me, o pânico invadiu-me. Labaredas gigantes acariciavam as grandes janelas da mansão, dando um ar infernal a esta. Inconscientemente entrei dentro da casa indo em direcção ao aposento em chamas. Quando lá cheguei foi como se tivesse caído em pleno Inferno. A sala estava em chamas e no meio dela… - Lawrence. – A minha voz soltou-se antes que pudesse reflectir e então aquela coisa fixou-me. Era como se um lobo tivesse ganho poder para andar como um humano. Era enorme, com pelo por todo o lado, olhos amarelos mostrando apenas e só raiva e fome, acompanhado por dentes cavernosos. O meu corpo tremeu quando o vi avançar para mim, mas os seus olhos desviaram-se para a figura que tinha acabado de entrar. Abberline estava em completo transe olhando abismado para Lawrence, ou melhor, para aquilo em que ele se havia tornado. Do nada, uma briga começou, mas o lobisomem arremessou Abberline para longe. A arma acabou caindo a meus pés. - Fuja, Miss Conliffe! – O inspector gritou. A besta fixou-me e só tive tempo de apanhar a pistola e fugir em direcção ao exterior. Não sei por quanto tempo corri. O meu peito doía e a garganta ardia, mas o medo impelia-me a fugir. Ao longe ouvia vozes masculinas, mas recusava-me a olhar para trás. Sabia que ele me seguia e não podia desistir agora. Parei e encostei-me a um tronco. Tinha de normalizar a respiração. Senti o seu respirar ruidoso ao longe. Tinha parado. Tentei olhar de relance mas tremia tanto que não percebia como não tinha tido ainda uma convulsão. Ouvi o barulho de algo a farejar. Um rugido baixo fez-me perceber que ele sabia onde estava e por isso a perseguição começou de novo. Tudo acabou quando cheguei ao penhasco que dava acesso ao pequeno rio. O local de brincadeira de Lawrence e Ben. A floresta estava silenciosa. O barulho da cascata era o único som audível. De repente um barulho diferente fez-se ouvir. Um galho a quebrar. Apontei a pistola tremendo. Olhei para todos os lados mas não se via viva alma. Senti todos os pelos do meu corpo arrepiarem e a voz sufocar na garganta. Um respirar pesado fez com que a minha visão turva se normaliza-se e então vi-o. Não fosse a situação e a morte horrível que me esperava eu diria que ele se tinha transformado numa criatura imponente. - Lawrence… - a minha voz saiu fraca, enquanto a criatura se aproximava. Num ápice lançou-se sobre mim, derrubando-me no chão. – Por favor, sou eu, Gwen! A criatura fitou-me mostrando os dentes. Sabia que por dentro daqueles olhos demoníacos estava uma pessoa excelente. Mas agora Lawrence tinha desaparecido e eu estava literalmente falando com um monstro, implorando por misericórdia, quando o seu único sentimento era devorar-me a carne. O som de cães a ladrar e homens se aproximando fez Lawrence voltar a cabeça. Aproveitei o momento para erguer a pistola na direcção do seu coração. Ia matá-lo mas estava a dar um tiro no meu coração também. - Lawrence… - chamei-o captando a sua atenção. Sabia que era o fim. Olhou-me nos olhos e ergueu-se, pronto a deferir o golpe de misericórdia. Fechei os olhos e apenas premi o gatilho. O cheiro da pólvora chegou-me ao nariz. Sabia que a pistola tinha balas de prata. Era impossível sobreviver. Olhei o meu corpo. Estava intacta. O lobisomem tinha caído ao meu lado e aos poucos ia desaparecendo, dando lugar ao verdadeiro Lawrence. Virei-o para mim. Este ostentava um ar cansado. As lágrimas rolaram pelo meu rosto. Porque nos deram tão pouco tempo? - Obrigado. – Balbuciou, fazendo um sorriso fraco. A vida abandonou Lawrence Talbot ao mesmo tempo que os aldeões e o inspector chegavam. Olhei-os em lágrimas. Um a um. Não fora só um Lobisomem que o transformara. O povo tinha-o condenado desde o dia que chegara. Olhei para o inspector Abberline. Estava esgotado. A sua face estava quase rasgada ao meio, prolongando-se pelo pescoço. Sinais da luta com Lawrence. Arregalei os olhos. Eu tinha morto o Homem. A besta, essa continuaria viva. Como um parasita, ela se transmitia de homem para homem, de pai para filho. E voltaria a matar. A sua sede de sangue levaria o próximo lobisomem ao encontro da sua vítima. Se o matasse, teria sorte. Se o mordesse, carregaria o fardo por toda a sua vida até que o amor de uma mulher o libertasse. E assim seria, em todas as noites de lua cheia. ATENÇÃO: Esta fic é a terceira e última parte de três one-shots que escrevi e que relatam os pontos cruciais do filme \"O Lobisomem\". Bem, escrevi esta fic depois de discutir sobre o filme no NFF. Agradeço o apoio ao pessoal de Sam/Bela lá do NFF, pela força e pela ajudar a betar esta fic. Como adorei o filme, tive sempre o desejo de escrever sobre ele. Girls n'Roses: Oi Dêh! Obrigada pela review e por ter gostado das fics. Aqui vai a última parte. Eu amei o filme. Mostrou a verdadeira lenda dos lobisomens. Obrigada mais uma vez! Bjs!:D Espero que gostem! Saudações Piratas! :D JODIVISE ","Summary":" ATENÇÃO: Como bem sabem estas personagens não me pertencem, sendo esta fic apenas para o divertimen"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"The Wolf","Author":"Party Poisonn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7438024","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There were two different sides Victims in the crossfire died The wolves and vampires How they fought The wolves were degraded And the wolves they sought For equality and justice But their body count was rising And they were slaughtered one by one They had to take action A single bet was decided That the body count would be collided And whoever killed the most opposite kind Such happiness and respect would they find So it was agreed And they killed with such speed The werewolves they tore And the bodies hit the floor The vampires they sipped blood And the bodies fell with a thud The werewolves they gouged And the bodies with guts splattered and slouched The vampires they bit And the bodies were beaten and hit After many nights of killing And both of them still willing They met for a final fight At the hour of midnight To finish it off In an empty building on a hilltop They began and they were brutal They were emotionless and cruel And they killed opposite kinds And scraped out what intestines they could find But a wolf stayed outside and watched from afar His name was Mason and he was a trickster by far He coated the building in gasoline And a grin across his face streamed As he lit one single match And tossed it in the fighting batch As he watched the building ablaze He had an evil gaze And he thought with a grin This was one bridge he burned And made it all come to an end. ","Summary":" There were two different sides Victims in the crossfire died The wolves and vampires How they fough"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"To Those Who Want to Know Why","Author":"Regina Raptorum","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7904847","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I'd been meaning to do this for a while, since it's pretty much inevitable after the way the movie ended. I was watching it again, and figured now was as good a time as any. (And maybe getting this out of the way will motivate me to get back to that LoZ fic that's been languishing over there. ) So, enjoy a somewhat depressing look into the mind of the hapless Inspector Abberline. The fanfic muse feeds on reviews, please feed the muse. Also, none of the characters or the movie The Wolfman itself belong to me, and I'm not making any money off of this. So please to not sue. I expect they'll say this is the inevitable result of nerves, or that the Talbot case and the injuries I recieved unhinged me. God knows I saw enough to unhinge even the most unimaginative man, at that ill-fated asylum in London, and that cold, crumbling peice of hell in Blackmoor. Though no one would believe me save the backward villagers near Talbot Hall and one or two men that were with me that night. And of course, Miss Conliffe. But I should be shut up just as that poor devil Lawrence Talbot was if I said anything. Even the men who saw what happened in London have largely ignored what they saw in favor of sanity. And none save the woman was there at the very last and saw the thing in all its horror. Probably they will say that I am mad. That is as it must be. The world at large is unprepared to believe in certain things. I am leaving this account for the few who will not accept that, or who desire to know the reasoning behind my actions. If I am mad, it is the same madness that turned Lawrence Talbot into a fiend. \"There is more in heaven and on earth than is dreamt of in your philosophy, Horatio.\" I expect I should have let it go, once Talbot was in custody and confined to the madhouse. The murderer of Blackmoor was safely confined. I should have been satisfied with that. I had, after all, suspected him from the moment I arrived. But for some reason, I wasn't satisfied. Perhaps it was because Sir John Talbot smelled like a wrong 'un to me. It wasn't anything I could have put my finger on, but he wasn't right. Maybe it was that he acquiesced too easily when I arrested his only surviving son as a lunatic murderer. Maybe it was because the villagers swore that Talbot Hall had always been cursed, even before Lawrence Talbot's time. Or maybe it was the simple fact that there had been three murders before Lawrence Talbot had come to Blackmoor from London. ...Upon consideration, I think it was actually that the dire whispers of the villagers and the gypsies, coupled with the sheer savagery of the murders, made an impression despite my then-ironclad skepticism. I went to the asylum on the night of the full moon, to see the demonstration of the impossibility of Talbot's 'mania.' I'm not sure why. I expect I was hoping that it would be just as the doctor had said, that absolutely nothing would happen and that Talbot was merely possessed by a particularly violent delusion. Of course, that's not what happened in the slightest. Any man who made it out of that room alive that night can attest to that, though many of those refuse to acknowledge what really happened, and swear that Talbot, possessed by the fury of a madman, broke his restraints and murdered the orderly and the doctor before action could be taken. They swear to it so much that they've convinced themselves, and those that haven't have gone mad. The slaughter at the asylum, and his subsequent rampage through London left no doubt in the mind of the public that Talbot was an utter fiend, and indeed, he may have been possessed by one. But I am willing to admit now what I could not then, that Lawrence Talbot as a man never meant any harm to anyone, save the one who was the true monster. I remember the fear in his eyes that night, and I remember the way he begged for someone, anyone, to kill him before it was too late. The tragedy that night happened because no one did. We were all blinded by the marvels of science and ingrained disbelief until it was far too late to stop it. I didn't have the time that night to think about it properly, or to peice the story together. There was too much to be done in an effort to merely contain the threat, and no resources available to understand it. It was Miss Conliffe who supplied the missing peices later; she and I had seen the most of the horror, and it bound us together. She told me because she thought I had a right to know, and that Talbot would have wanted me to understand why things were as they were. I have called Lawrence Talbot a fiend, and that is true, though it was through no real fault of his own. However, he was not as bad as he could have been. Indeed, he was not so bad as the one who made him into what he became. Lawrence Talbot killed indescriminately, but he killed. None of his victims survived to suffer. None save myself, and I fortunately have the strength of will to take certain steps. And I think he'd have finished me as well, had he not been so focused on Miss Conliffe. But his father , ah, now, that's a different matter. He was a monster himself, and the greater one than Talbot. Where Lawrence Talbot begged to be put down before he could cause more harm, Sir John Talbot let himself run amok. And if Lawrence Talbot was a monster, it was Sir John who made him so, and moreover, I believe he did it intentionally, to draw attention away from his own crimes. I suppose I must come out and say it, though anyone reading this cannot have failed to guess my meaning. Lawrence Talbot was a true monster, and there is corroboration of a sort, if one listens to the doctors and students who went mad after the slaughter at the asylum. And, of course, as the legends say, the bite of that monster turns the victim who survives it into more the same. Lawrence Talbot was bitten by the monster that was his father, and he in turn became a monster. I was bitten by the monster that was Lawrence Talbot, but I will not become a monster. I had the silver sword-cane I had picked up in Talbot Hall before the flames overcame it, and I gave thought to using it that night, once the beast had been put down. But I hesitated, thinking that my men would prevent me from carrying out my design, and that could be fatal. Later Miss Conliffe told me that there had been a month's grace between the night that Talbot was attacked, and the night he first changed. From one full moon to the next. Time enough to get my affairs in order. They thought it odd when I kept the rounds of silver bullets I had commissioned when we were hunting Talbot. Perhaps they thought it odd when I commissioned them as well, but things were fresher in their minds and certain scenes hadn't been blotted out in the interests of continued health and reason. I kept the silver sword, too, as a 'souvenier', I said. I can barely stand to handle either now, but I won't let that stop me. They say that only silver can kill what I'm to become, and though I haven't become it yet, I'm taking no chances. Because even if all I saw was sheer hallucination, and even if what Miss Conliffe said to me were lies told her by a delusional and dangerous lunatic, there are certain indications . A sharpening of the senses, and nightmares of the most incredible sort. If it is madness, its grip on me is only growing stronger. But I do not think it is madness. Tomorrow night is the full moon, the next full moon after the murderer Lawrence Talbot was killed and Talbot Hall burned. I have asked Miss Conliffe to call on me in the morning. She will, I think, not be surprised by what she finds, and will see to it that this and other papers arrive in the proper hands. I am sorry to ask a lady to do such a thing; if I could, a man from the Yard would be better. But as I said... we are bound together by what we saw that night. And she has a right to know it's over. She already knows why. - Inspector Fredrick Abberline ","Summary":" Author's Note: I'd been meaning to do this for a while, since it's pretty much inevitable after the"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"The Wolfman","Author":"seh507","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6027522","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After seeing both the 1941 and 20 10 version of The Wolfman, I just had to write this down. While I liked the new Wolfman immensely in terms keeping to the original and special effects, I felt that it as slightly weak in spots. So I buffed it up with some of my own elements and elements from '41 version. Also, I just got the 2-disc Unrated Edition of the Wolfman in Blu-Ray format. And I must say that the additional 17 minutes of footage it adds, plus the other features, really re-round out the film as a whole in terms of story. Universal Studios and any other company (ies) and people owns/own both the 1941 and 2010 version of The Wolfman. All of the original characters and plot lines are not my own, save for my own changes. The film starts off with the original rhyme as told by Maleva: Even a man who is pure in heart and says his prayers by night may become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms and the autumn moon is bright. It then cuts to Ben Talbot in the Blackmoor woods of Blackmoor, England in 1891, armed with dual revolvers, a repeater rifle, and a lantern. Through flashbacks, it is revealed that in order to calm tensions between the local villagers and the recently-arrived neighboring gypsies, and to satisfy his lifelong curiosity about the supernatural and mythical, Ben would act as the middleman, negotiator, and translator. During his time with the gypsies, Ben became close friends with Maleva and her son Bela. He learns many of the gypsies' beliefs and customs through daily lessons between both Maleva and Bela, which intrigue him greatly. Despite the contempt and scorn he receives from certain gypsies and villagers, he maintains a high reputation among both groups due to his rational nature and knowledge of gypsy customs and traditions. Due to increased tensions between his and his father over past few years, he tells him that he and his fiancée intend to move away from Blackmoor forever and connect with his younger brother in America in hopes of starting a new life. He then leaves to make preparations, but not before his father gives him an ominus warning. 5 days later and a few hours eariler, when Ben was to learn about werewolfism from Bela and Maleva, a group of xenophobic, armed villagers barged into the camp, in hopes of forcing the gypsies to leave. Bela goes out, backed by several armed gypsies, to try and reason with the villagers, but to no avail. The commotion attracts Ben and he goes out to try and diffuse the situation. Tensions rise and just as things reach the breaking point, an unknown creature attacks the gypsy encampment. It slaughters half of the gypsy camp population and the entire party from the village, leaving large amounts of blood and body parts everywhere. Ben, after taking several shots at the creature with the fallen villagers' weapons, manages to get away safely and move Bela, Maleva, and the rest of the gypsy camp to a safer location. He then proceeds to stock up on weapons and head off into the forest to find the creature. Back in the present, Ben is suddenly ambushed by the unknown creature, which slashes his face and then guts him swiftly and viciously. Ben runs off in the direction of the gypsies in hopes of finding safety while shooting back, but the creature manages to pounce him before he reaches them and drags him, kicking and screaming, back into the surrounding forest. World-renowned American Shakespearian theater actor Lawrence Talbot, Ben's younger brother, is notified of the events in the middle of a performance of Hamlet in London by Gwen Conliffe, Ben's fiancée and an antique-shop owner in London. He initially refuses to help due his estrangement from Ben and his father, but eventually changes his mind and catches the next train to Blackmoor. While on the way, he meets a gentlemen with a cane that has silver wolf as its head, which also doubles as a sword. When the train arrives in Blackmoor, Lawrence finds the man gone, but his cane left behind. He proceeds to help himself to it. Upon arriving on the Talbot estate, Sir John Talbot, Ben and Lawrence's eccentric and distant father, welcomes him and allows him to see Ben's body, which was found thoroughly mangled and torn apart in a ditch on the outskirts of Talbot manor. He is also met by Gwen and Jenny, Gwen's longtime friend and co-owner of the antique shop. While collecting Ben's possessions from his mangled body, he finds a mysterious medallion with his brother's belongings, and is told from the villagers in the local bar that it came from the nearby gypsy camp, to which Ben acted as the town's liaison. He travels there, much to his father's annoyance and concern, on a full moon. Jenny goes along, because, as she claims, the Talbot manor scares her greatly and she is uncomfortable in the presence of Sir John. Gwen stays behind to help look after things. He arrives at the camp and is told that the item is from Maleva and Bela. When he and Jenny go to see her and question the pair about Ben's dealings with the gypsies, Maleva is at first hesitant, but, after some persuasion by Bela, who sees Lawrence as a potential friend due to him being Ben's brother, relents and tells him about Ben's time with the gypsies. Maleva warns him of great danger, but before Lawrence can find out about what danger he faces, a new group of villagers raids the camp. They plan on killing the bear the gypsies brought with them, thinking that it is responsible for the murders around and in Blackmoor, despite pleas from the local police. Without warning, the unknown creature, now confirmed to be a werewolf, from before turns up at the camp and kills and maims most of the villagers and the almost all of the remaining gypsies. When Jenny sees the werewolf try to make a go at a young gypsy boy, she grabs the boy and runs off into the Blackmoor woods, along with the mother, with the werewolf in pursuit. Lawrence rushes after them and tries to save them, but they are ambushed by the werewolf and butchered violently. Lawrence attacks the werewolf in a fit of rage and panic, but is tossed aside and bitten on the neck. The gypsies scare it off and manage to close up the wound. Despite pleas by the remaining gypsies to end his life, Maleva and Bela refuse to do so, with Bela making a promise to watch over Lawrence, and he is taken back to Talbot manor, where he is tended to by Gwen and his father. Lawrence heals at an unnatural rate and finds the wound no more than just a faded scar. Due to frequent nightmares, he explores his house at night to calm himself and he remembers, as a young child, walking outside one night and finding his father cradling and weeping over his dead mother, Solana Talbot, a former gypsy. It was apparent that she had slit her own throat with a straight razor. Due to the trauma of the incident, young Lawrence broke down completely and was sent to a mental institution in London by his father. Shortly thereafter, he was sent to live with his aunt in America, where he took up acting and made a suitable forture due to his talent and connections. While Gwen tends to Lawrence, she shares with him her semi-beliefs in the mythical and supernatural and how she fears that her religious devotion to God may not be enough to conquer the supernatural unknown. While he is recuperating, Lawrence begins to have violent, lustful thoughts and fantasies about Gwen, but restains himself out of fear and love for her. He requests that Gwen leave Blackmoor after the funeral for her own safety, with which she reluctantly complies. Shortly after he is healed and following the funeral, Inspector Francis Aberline of Scotland Yard, formerly in charge of a manhunt of and the investigation of Jack the Ripper, arrives and questions Lawrence due to his recent arrival in Blackmoor and his previous mental instability. Despite their admiration of each others' skills, both are suspicious of each other and the meeting ends with Aberline departing. Soon after, the local priests, backed by armed villagers of a strong religious disposition, arrive to take Lawrence away and kill him because he \"bears the mark of the beast\", but his father and Bela, who has recently been supervising the estate with the permission of Sir John, along with Singh, manage to drive them off. When Lawrence questions his father about the possible motives for such an action, Sir John declines to answer and cautions him about finding out the truth. Many nights after, on a full moon, Lawrence sees his father, shortly after giving Bela the night off, walking out to the family crypt and becomes suspicious. He follows and finds a cell containing his father, special restraining equipment, and a shrine dedicated to his mother. Following a brief conversation concerning his relationship with Lawrence's mother, Sir John then locks himself in the cell with Lawrence outside, just as his son begins to painfully transform into a werewolf. Elsewhere, a determined Aberline plans to spend the evening at the local tavern to wait for the suspect's attack while the villagers set up a trap for the wolf-man. Lawrence, now fully changed and violent, alerts everyone to his presence by howling at the moon for the first time. He then proceeds to brutally attack and kill all of the villagers that set the trap. Aberline stumbles upon the horrific aftermath soon after, but suspects that Lawrence is responsible when he finds a bloodied, torn piece of Lawrence's shirt. When he changes back, on the outskirts of Talbot manor, Lawrence is greeted by his father and is told that he has done \"terrible things\". After unsuccessfully trying to flee the manor, he is immediately arrested by the police and Aberline and is taken to the mental institution his father sent him to as a child. As Lawrence is taken away, Sir John quietly says to himself and to his son, \"Be strong, Lawrence. Be strong.\" He is tortured extensively via ice water treatments and electrotherapy by Dr. Hoenneger – the doctor who treated Lawrence when he first came to the asylum as a young child. He eventually awakens in his cell, with his father as a vistor. Sir John explains that the institution had convinced Lawrence that his mother killed herself, but what he really saw was his father as a werewolf, who had killed his mother. During a hunting expedition with friends in the Hindu Kush Mountains of India, Sir John was bitten by a feral wolf-boy while exploring a mountain cave. For the past 25 years, Singh, the family's Indian manservant, has locked and restrained him in the crypt to prevent him slaughtering innocents, but one night, in a jealous drunken rage, (as Sir John confesses that he became attracted to and obsessed with Gwen when Ben announced that he would be leaving Talbot manor forever with Gwen to join his brother in America, 5 days before Ben was killed) he forgot to lock himself in, resulting in Ben's death at his hands. Sir John also explains that at first, he tried to resist the power of the transformation and the bloodlust that followed, but, eventually, he gave in, claiming that it is better to \"let the beast run free than to keep it caged inside forever. Caging something for so long can drive a man mad\". He also claims it's what drove his undying obsession with Gwen. It is also confirmed that it was Sir John who bit Lawrence. With these revelations, Lawrence goes into a passionate rage, vowing to kill him when he frees himself. Later that night, which also happens to be a night when the moon is full, Lawrence, fully bound and restrained in a modified wheelchair, is taken to a criminal court, where a judge, jury, doctors, scientists, and scholars will try to prove to Talbot that, as the full moon comes out, there are no werewolves, and then try him for his crimes. Gwen, Bela, Dr. Hoenneger and Aberline are also in attendance. But he does transform in front of everyone and kills most of those in attendance, along with most of the building's staff and Dr. Hoenneger. He then rampages across London the whole night, resulting in mass causalities. Aberline and his men desperately try in vain to stop him, with Gwen and Bela in pursuit, until dawn. By now, Lawrence has managed to hide out in Gwen's shop. Gwen and Bella find him, but promise to keep him safe. After Lawrence gives explanations for the past events, he and Gwen confirm their love for each other and then he and Bela make plans to deal with Aberline and Sir John. Meanwhile, Aberline orders his men, now all armed with silver bullets, revolvers, and repeating rifles, to kill Lawrence on sight, who is now traveling back to Blackmoor, in secret, to kill Sir John. While Aberline and his men make final preparations, Bela and Gwen locate Maleva and question her about a cure for Lawrence's condition, but Maleva tells that there is no cure except death by silver. Lawrence arrives at Talbot Manor, on the night of a full moon no less, to find Singh gutted and impaled on a post. He then proceeds to arm himself with the manservant's elephant gun and silver bullets and finds one of Aberline's men dead in Sir John's armchair and Sir John himself, calmly playing the piano. After Sir John beats Lawrence viciously with his silver-topped cane, after revealing that he removed the powder from all the silver bullets over the years, both change and fight throughout the entire manor. While Sir John has the upper hand in terms of experience and power, Lawrence counters with his youth and his vicious need for revenge. Gwen, Bela and Aberline arrive just as the fight moves back into the drawing room. By now, Talbot manor is completely ablaze due to knocked over lamps and logs from the fireplace. Aberline tries to shoot Lawrence, but Gwen and Bela push aside and restrain him. Seeing the three, Sir John tries to kill them, but Lawrence pushes him into the fireplace, resulting in massive burns on Sir John's body, forcing him to flee. By now, Aberline has shaken off Bela and Gwen and tries to shoot the Wolfman, but he is tackled by him before he can aim. When he is tackled, he pulls the trigger in a panic as the gun swings to the side, which results in the accidental death of Bela. Lawrence then proceeds to dismember Aberline's legs and then chases after Gwen when she flees. Once cornered deep in the moor, she tries to convince the Wolfman to stop while holding him at gunpoint with a revolver with silver bullets from one of Aberline's men, but to no avail. He pounces on her before she can fire and bites her on the neck as she tries to get away. Before anymore damage is done, the Wolfman is scared off by Aberline's men, who then proceed to take both Aberline and Gwen to the nearest hospital in a pair of wagons with guards. However, during the journey, Gwen's bite mark suddenly heals and she too transforms into a werewolf, killing off all of Aberline's men, but leaving Aberline alive. The reason for Gwen's faster transformation is due to the fact that the female is sometimes stronger than the male, mentally and physically, in some instances – thus allowing for faster and more transference of power. She then proceeds to flee into the Blackmoor woods. 4 months pass. Talbot manor is quarantined and manned by the London police and the local Blackmoor population, on the chance that the Talbots and Gwen should return. Aberline, eventually found and taken to a hospital, is given rudimentary prosthetic legs and is now completely hell-bent on killing the werewolves in order to prevent more loss of life, which greatly encouraged by all of Blackmoor and English law enforcement. Sir John has gone into hiding as a reclusive money lender in Newcastle Upon Tyne, distraught and broken over the betrayal of his son and the loss of his estate. Lawrence is on the move throughout the British Isles, staying only at taverns, inns, and hotels, keeping a low profile, in order to protect those around him while feverishly studying the occult and supernatural in order to find a cure for his condition. When he transforms, he uses what little control he has over the beast to keep if from killing more people. Gwen, driven by a subconscious desire to mate with Lawrence in his wolf-form and a consciousness need to protect him, closes up her shop, packs moderately, and leaves a notice saying that she is going on an indefinite vacation. By now all of England, Ireland, and Scotland have heard of the Wolfman's exploits and are on the hunt for him and all those associated with him. Things eventually culminate in the highlands of Scotland. A tired Aberline and his men receive a tip from some Scottish locals in a tavern near Loch Long, who have seen Talbot near the lake. Meanwhile, while in Newcastle Upon Tyne, Gwen discovers her wolf-form's sense of smell while in human form. Using this, she travels to Scotland to find Lawrence. However, unbeknownst to her, she is spotted by Sir John, who secretly follows her. Lawrence, hiding in the wood near Loch Long, depressed, exhausted, and dirty, is grieving deeply for all the people he has killed and harmed. He makes a vow to stay away from Gwen until he has killed has father and cured his condition. On the night of a full moon, Gwen and a disguised Sir John arrive at the tavern where Aberline and his men are staying. Just as Aberline comes down for a drink, Gwen notices Sir John through his disguise, then Aberline, and quickly leaves. This is not unnoticed by the pair of men and they follow, with Sir John silently following Aberline. Aberline's men, noticing that he has vanished from the tavern, arm themselves, alert the locals, and start to search for him. As the moon starts to make itself visible among the clouds, Gwen disappears close the woods. Aberline, determined not to lose her, quickly goes in after her and just as quickly becomes lost, just as all three victims transform under the full moon. Gwen, using her wolf-form's senses, manages to find Lawrence near the north end of the Loch. Suddenly, without warning, Gwen is viciously assaulted by Sir John, who tracked her, and attempts to rape her. Lawrence instantly goes to her defense, tangling with Sir John in a bloody battle across the entire coast of the Loch. This results in the death of most the local villagers and almost all of Aberline's men. Eventually, when Sir John has thoroughly beaten Lawrence and is about to finish him off, Gwen intervenes and literally eats his heart out. She then proceeds to chew his head off and toss it into the lake, along with the rest of his body. With Sir John dead and in a secluded spot near the western edge of the Loch, the pair engages in rough, passionate love making. Just as the passion culminates, Aberline and the remaining men, having recuperated, quickly converge on the secluded spot and fire upon Gwen and Lawrence in disgust, fear, and rage. As the pair the take their last breaths and transform back to the natural states, the film cuts to the full moon, just as it is completely covered up by a large passing cloud. In the final shots of the film, Maleva, Aberline, and the few funeral goers in attendance bury the bodies of Bela, Gwen, Lawrence, Singh and Sir John in the Talbot crypt. As everyone departs, Maleva deposits 4 silver medallions, engraved with wolves, on the graves, to protect their souls against any supernatural evil. As she does this, she laments how this all came to be. Aberline, severely shaken up by the preceding events, makes a feverish promise to keep London safe from the occult and supernatural and offers to become Maleva's apprentice in order to keep it. She accepts his offer, but warns him that certain sacrifices and total commitment will be required. He humbly accepts and they both depart. Later that night, just as the full moon becomes visible, a lone wolf meanders among the graves, looks up at the moon, and lets loose a long, somber howl. ","Summary":" After seeing both the 1941 and 20 10 version of The Wolfman, I just had to write this down. While I"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"The Wolfman: A Maldição","Author":"JODIVISE","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6144080","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Esta fic destina-se apenas à leitura livre e sem lucros. Nenhuma das personagens descritas me pertencem , sendo exclusividade da produtora cinematográfica do f ilme \"The Wolfman\". Espero que gostem. Aconselho a leitura da fic \"The Wolfman. A Lenda\", antes de ler esta. Para quem já viu o filme pode trocar a ordem. The Wolfman A Maldição Inglaterra 1891 O barulho das gotas de chuva batendo na janela era o cenário perfeito para um dia passado em casa, saboreando o calor da lareira. No entanto, não era nem de longe, essa sensação de conforto que sentia. Fixava o jardim, numa imagem turva através da água que escorria pelo vidro. A minha face reflectida mostrava o Lawrence Talbot de sempre, mas dentro de mim sabia que escondia algo obscuro. Era como se uma bomba estivesse prestes a arrebentar dentro de mim. Sentia-me pólvora pura. Tudo tinha mudado desde aquela noite em que tive a excelente ideia de visitar o acampamento cigano. A informação de que Ben tinha mantido contacto com eles, poderia desvendar algo. Dei por mim olhando o ambiente na carroça de Maleva, uma cigana que segundo alguns lia o destino. Tentei que me dissesse o que Ben andava lá a fazer, o porquê de ter uma medalha religiosa ao pescoço dada por esta e se realmente ele teria sido atacado por um animal ou um homem. Tentativa vã. Apenas se limitou a tentar ler a minha sina, desviando o assunto. A conversa cessou no preciso momento em que a música cigana parou e o ambiente foi polvilhado por gritos e tiros. Um cenário de horror tomou conta de mim ao deparar-me com mortos e feridos. Por um segundo pensei que tinha sido transportado para algum campo de batalha. Os aldeãos tinham entrado no acampamento, mas algo bastante rápido e enorme atacava todos que se cruzassem no caminho, deixando um rasto de mutilados e decorando o solo com as vísceras das vítimas. Não distinguia o velho do jovem, o homem da mulher. De um momento para o outro vi-me dentro de um verdadeiro circo dos horrores. Uma mulher gritava pela filha chamando a atenção daquela \"coisa\". Era tão rápida que quase não se distinguia a sua forma, correndo ora como um animal ora como um homem. O meu sangue gelou, mas consegui tirar a jovem do caminho, evitando que esta fosse estraçalhada. Uma das crianças fugia em direcção ao cimo da colina. Olhei na direcção contrária. Por entre as árvores, reflectido ao luar, a criatura corria ao encontro da pobre alma. Peguei numa espingarda e corri o mais que pude. Ao chegar ao cimo do monte a criança desapareceu. Estava rodeado de grandes pedras ao alto, símbolos de antigos tempos em que a natureza era adorada em todo o seu esplendor, e o denso nevoeiro não deixava ver nada. Parei uns minutos, mas nada de criança, nada de criatura. Era tudo bastante silencioso como se de um cemitério se tratasse. Os meus sentidos estavam mais apurados do que nunca mas o medo consumia-me. Medo do desconhecido, do sobrenatural, da certeza de que uma simples espingarda nada faria contra aquele animal. Encostei-me a uma das pedras, tentando segurar a arma decentemente, já que esta insistia em me escorregar das mãos. Os meus olhos alternavam para todos os lugares visíveis, mas o nevoeiro nada deixava ver. Como se de uma sensação se tratasse, o meu pescoço recusou-se a erguer-se. Inconscientemente sabia que o perigo estava acima de mim, mas só dei conta quando um respirar pesado e um rugido soaram. A imagem que vi nunca mais será apagada da memória. Dois grandes olhos brilhantes e demoníacos estavam pregados em mim. Não conseguia distinguir a face da criatura devido à escuridão e à quantidade de pêlo. Mas as mandíbulas abertas deixavam antever o quão horroroso iria ser o meu fim. Num piscar de olhos a criatura caiu sobre mim, fazendo com que os meus pulmões quase rebentassem com o peso. Tentei com a única força que me restava libertar-me, mas uma dor mais forte surgiu, deixando-me impotente. Senti lâminas perfurarem a carne na região do ombro. Senti a carne ser separada e uma dor indescritível tomou conta de mim. Ao longe, como se fosse apenas uma miragem ouvi tiros e vozes. Apenas uma frase ficou na memória antes de tudo virar escuridão. - Levem-no à Maleva. – Uma voz masculina ordenou. Não sei quanto tempo passou, se ainda estava vivo ou morto, se estaria no Céu ou no Inferno. Provavelmente no Purgatório. Todo o meu corpo tremia como se não tivesse controle sobre ele. Várias sensações se apoderavam de mim. Era como se me queimassem com ferros quentes, era como se mergulha-se num lago gelado. Sensações desiguais mas ambas ao mesmo tempo. Só desejava morrer, aplacar a dor física e da alma. Várias imagens desfocadas passavam pela minha cabeça. As brincadeiras com Ben, as histórias de minha mãe, os sermões de meu pai. De repente tudo mudava. Abria os olhos e só via fogo. Chamas essas que eram rompidas por uma criatura horrenda que saltava na minha direcção. Gritava mas ninguém me ouvia. Senti um ardor descomunal e gemi. Antes de perder os sentidos só me lembro de uma única frase: - Não há cura. Só o amor de uma mulher o pode salvar. – Referiu uma voz feminina. Depois disso só me lembro do escuro, das dores e dos pesadelos que me atormentam. Um dia acordei e vi algo maravilhoso. Gwen estava aos pés da cama, brilhando como um anjo. Mas logo essa miragem se desvaneceu dando lugar a uma criatura diferente. Tinha corpo de criança mas cara de animal. Vinha na minha direcção, qual demónio dos infernos. Depois tudo passava. Evitava olhar para os lados. Ele estava sempre lá. O lobo em forma humana, ou um homem em forma licantropa, pronto a arrancar o meu coração com os próprios dentes. A minha recuperação foi lenta, mas depois de acordar definitivamente, reparei que o pesadelo tinha acabado de começar. A única coisa boa era a presença de Gwen. O médico disse que nunca tinha visto nada igual. O ferimento era tão grave que iria perder o movimento do braço, mas ao invés disso, a recuperação foi espectacular, desaparecendo a cicatriz e deixando ficar uma autêntica sensação de força e energia. No entanto, agora eu tinha a certeza que Ben tinha sido assassinado por aquela criatura. Não conseguia encaixar a ideia de uma lenda ser verdadeira. Antes pensar que seria um animal diferente, desconhecido e bastante violento. Mas tudo mudou quando o inspector da Scotland Yard, Abberline apareceu na mansão. Meu pai ainda tentou que este não falasse comigo mas não adiantou. Ao princípio disse estar interessado em apanhar o assassino de Ben. A mim não me agradava particularmente. Era considerado dos melhores mas falhou redondamente no caso Whitechapel. Depois do desprezo e desconfiança, uma onda de raiva percorreu o meu corpo ao ouvir a sua suspeita. Percebi logo que estava com a palavra alvo na testa. Achou estranho a minha rápida recuperação. Era óbvio. Eu era um forasteiro. Afastado de Blackmoor durante anos, vi a minha mãe suicidar-se e ser internado num manicómio por vontade de John Talbot. Encaixava-me perfeitamente no papel de maníaco. Tempo depois, os aldeões chefiados pelo Reverendo Fisk chegavam à entrada da mansão pedindo-me para que os acompanhasse. Recusei e a ladainha começou. Eu era pelos vistos um perigo público. Tinha sido mordido por algo sobrenatural e a Lua Cheia estava próxima. Num ápice tinha três homens encima de mim. Um tiro foi ouvido. O meu pai estava de caçadeira na mão pronto a atirar de novo. No entanto, alguns dos aldeões não pareciam impressionados. - Eu não estou sozinho. O meu criado Singh está no telhado apostos para socorrer. E acreditem, ele mata oito de uma vez. – Funcionou. O bando retirou-se mas eu continuava a ser olhado como um assassino em série. Vendo a chuva cair, pensava claramente em tudo isto. Algo dentro de mim gritava por sair. Sentia-me como um hospedeiro dentro do meu próprio corpo. - Posso? Vim fazer o curativo. – a voz doce de Gwen quebrou-me a linha de pensamento. Era reconfortante saber que alguém conseguia me deixar feliz mesmo sabendo que estava em total desespero. Enquanto fazia o curativo do pequeno corte no lábio, algo em mim mexeu. O meus olhos desviaram-se para a sua jugular. A palpitação natural fez com que uma imensa vontade carnívora se apodera-se de mim. Não sei como, consegui me controlar e então o Mundo caiu na minha cabeça. Soube imediatamente que já não era apenas Lawrence Talbot. Era agora aquilo que mais desprezava e mais temia. Eu era um Lobisomem. - Você deve ir embora. – Aconselhei Gwen. Ao princípio pareceu-me desgostosa, mas logo estava tomando a charrete que a levaria para a capital. A noite caiu e a casa vazia ficou ainda mais sombria sem a presença de Gwen. Ao olhar uma última vez para a janela vi um vulto desaparecer no jardim. Decidi ir atrás. Ao chegar ao mausoléu da família, vi o vulto entrar. Pensei duas vezes. Entrar ali era doloroso. Subi as escadas e logo na entrada deparei-me com o imponente túmulo. O meu pai tinha mandado fazer uma estátua em bronze, para guardar memória da beleza da mulher. Deitada e de olhos fechados, pude apreciar por momentos o quanto era parecida. Perguntei-me inúmeras vezes o porquê de se ter suicidado. A visão sangrenta voltou no tempo e fechei os olhos momentaneamente. Ao abri-los de novo deparei-me com uma porta aberta. Esta dava para uma cave desconhecida. O ar era húmido e pesado. Andei até uma sala. O cenário era composto por uma cadeira que fazia lembrar os barbeiros, mas uma análise atenta permitiu ver correntes nos braços, pés e apoio da cadeira. De frente e escavado na pedra, um altar cuja figura central era a minha mãe fez-me recuar assustado. Quase levei um verdadeiro susto ao deparar-me com John Talbot parado na porta. - Fiz de propósito para ela. – Explicou vagamente direccionando-me até à porta. Fechou-a atrás de si e só tive tempo de ver os seus olhos brilharem de forma estranha. Depois foi o inferno. Uma dor horrível apoderou-se de mim. Caí no chão duro contorcendo-me de dores. Senti os meus ossos estalarem e olhando de relance para a mão esquerda vi que esta se deformava dando origem a dedos longos que se assemelhavam a patas afiadas. O meu coração queixou-se batendo acelerado enquanto rastejava pelos degraus até ao mausoléu. Era como se um martelo quebra-se todos os meus ossos, triturando-os e remodelando-os. Senti os olhos saltarem das órbitas e os maxilares deslocarem-se. Todo o meu corpo estava coberto de pêlo. Depois foi como se uma paulada me pusesse na inconsciência. Não pensava em nada a não ser correr. O aroma de uma presa veio até mim e senti a necessidade enorme de abocanhar um pedaço de carne vendo o sangue jorrar. Ao chegar a umas ruínas, fui cercado por um bando de homens. Não conseguia perceber o que fazia. Não conseguia ver nada. Apenas o cheiro da carne estraçalhada e os gritos estridentes me enchiam de alegria inexplicável. Não sei o que fiz durante toda aquela noite. Lembrava-me da esfera branca, fria como mármore parada lá no céu olhando para mim e sorrindo, enquanto eu uivava em sua honra. A luz bateu nos meus olhos, fazendo-me piscar várias vezes. Era dia. Olhei para as minhas mãos. Estavam normais. Tinha voltado ao normal. Talvez fosse apenas um pesadelo. Mas não. As roupas imundas de terra e sangue indicavam o cenário apocalíptico que acontecera na noite anterior. Olhei para cima. John Talbot olhava-me com um sorriso nos lábios. Aquele não era meu pai, era o homem que me tinha internado num manicómio. Olhei para o campo em frente à mansão. Um grupo de homens esperava-me, assim como a polícia. E aí eu soube. Era uma maldição. E iria carregá-la por toda a minha vida até alguém piedoso aparecer e dar-me a paz que a partir de agora não iria ter. ATENÇÃO: Esta fic é a segunda parte de três one-shots que escrevi e que relatam os pontos cruciais do filme \"O Lobisomem\". Bem, escrevi esta fic depois de discutir sobre o filme no NFF. Agradeço o apoio ao pessoal de Sam/Bela lá do NFF, pela força e pela ajudar a betar esta fic. Como adorei o filme, tive sempre o desejo de escrever sobre ele. Espero que gostem! Saudações Piratas! :D JODIVISE ","Summary":" Esta fic destina-se apenas à leitura livre e sem lucros. Nenhuma das personagens descritas me perte"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Nikko and Courtney- Always and Forever","Author":"clovertailofmoonclan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8703618","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's been 3 days since we've been disqualified from the Nationals. But actually, I'm not angry or sad. Everyone thinks I am, but really I couldn't be happier. Why? Well because of Nikko. He came back to the nationals. But that's not all, we kissed! I can't believe that a guy like Nikko would like me. I've never liked a guy like this before. I never felt nervous in front of a guy, but when I'm around Nikko, I get so nervous. I think I love him. Ugh. Monday, I hate it. But, I get to see Nikko for the first time since we recorded the demo for \"Everything Can Change.\" I was walking to my locker and I passed Nikko's locker. Girls were crowded around him feeling his muscles. He looked uncomfortable. I was getting stuff out of my locker when Aaron came up to me. Aaron was the most popular guy in the school. The captain of the football team, and he was hot. But Nikko was definitely hotter. \"Hey Courtney\" Aaron said as he walked up to me. \"Hi?\" \"There's a Halloween party this weekend at my house and I was wondering if you wanted to come?\" He asked me. \"Why are you asking me? There's more popular girls in the school.\" I told him. \"Well, I don't know. I wanted to get to know you. A lot of other non-popular girls would definitely say yes.\" \"Well, I'm not one of those girls.\" I said. I slammed my locker and walked away. \"Oh! You just got rejected Aaron!\" Said one of Aaron's friends. \"I guess she don't want you.\" I walked to Nikko's locker to say hi to him when I saw a girl was putting her arms around his neck. I just put my head down and walked past him. Suddenly, I felt a tug at my hair. I turned around and saw Nikko. He had a big beautiful smile on his face. \"Nikko!\" I said and hugged him. \"Hey Court.\" He said as he hugged me. \"I missed you.\" I told him. \"So did I.\" He said. Suddenly he took my phone and held it above his head. \"Nikko! Give it back!\" I screamed as I jumped for it. \"I guess you'll have to ge-\"He started to say. But the principal Mr. Norman came up. \"Better not give Miss Lane a hard time Alexander!\" He said as he walked by. He took my phone from his hand and gave it to me. \"Oh. Don't worry Mr. Norman, We're just fooling around\" I assured him. \"Mhmm.\" He said and walked away. As soon as he left we started busting out laughing. Nikko took my phone again! The bell rang when I was trying to get it. I just left it with Nikko, I trusted him with it, and went to class. I hoped you like the first chapter! (: I just love the movie Spectacular! I know it's be like 3 years since it came out but I still love it! And I love Nikko and Courtney. Please Read and review on how you like it! I'll update soon, but I have school. (:[Chapter 2] The day was very long. I was disappointed that there was no practice for Spectacular! today. But Nikko, Janet, Caspian and I were going to hang out after school at the bowling alley. I walked with Nikko to the bowling alley. When we got there Caspian and Janet were waiting for us. \"Hey guys!\" Janet said as she walked up to us. \"Hey!\" I said. \"Are you ready to bowl?\" \"Yeah! Let's do it!\" Caspian answered. He and Janet walked into the bowling alley. Nikko and I followed them. When we walked in, I saw 2 people I did not want to see, Tammi Dyson and Royce DuLac. \"What are you guys doing here?\" I asked. \"Can't you see? We're bowling!\" Tammi retorted. \"I thought you guys broke up!\" Nikko said. \"Well, we got back together.\" Royce answered. \"We're going to enjoy ourselves now.\" I said and walked away holding Nikko's hand. Royce gave us a look. But, I don't care anymore. I have Nikko, and that's just how I wanted it to be. We got a lane as far away from Royce and Tammi as possible. We didn't get bumpers so it would be hard. Janet went first, she got a spare. I went second. Then Caspian, and then Nikko. We were halfway through the game. I had to go to the bathroom. I asked Janet to come with me, girls always go together. We walked to the bathroom. Right when we got in there, Janet exploded with questions. \"What happened after the nationals? Did you and Nikko kiss? Are you dating? Do you love him? Does he love you?\" \"Woah girl! Slow down!\" I said. \"Yes we kissed. I'm not sure if it's official. Yes I love him.\" \"That's so sweet!\" Janet screamed. \"Yeah.\" I said, I went into a stall and went to the bathroom. We walked back and got some drinks. Janet and I got Dr. Pepper. Caspian got root beer, and Nikko got Coke. We finished the game. Nikko won. He was a really good bowler. We decided to go in the arcade. We got tokens and started playing. Janet and Caspian were playing air hockey, I think they will start dating soon. So Nikko and I went to play a racing game. After a while we decided to play Nikko's favorite game \"Rock the World.\" Caspian played the guitar, Janet played the drums. As usual, Nikko and I sang together. We sang the song that we sang when I first fell in love with Nikko, \"For the First Time\" Sometimes it's hard to see what's been there all along. Sometimes we're sure of everything 'till we find out that we're all wrong. Now we're standing here, face to face, nothing feels the same. For the first time, I realize something I didn't see before. For the first time looking in your eyes suddenly there's so much more. Something we both feel inside for the first time. We sang the song, and we meant it. I loved Nikko and he loved me back. My life was perfect. Caspian and Janet went home, Nikko and I were going to my house to hang out for a while. When we got there, Royce was sitting at my door. \"Hey Courtney. What's he doing here?\" He said in disgust. \"What are you doing here, Royce?\" I asked, Ignoring his question about Nikko. \"You didn't answer my question.\" \"Well, Nikko is my boyfriend. He can be here unlike you.\" I retorted. \"So you're dating 'Rock Boy'?\" He asked. \"Yes, I am. He has a name.\" He ignored me and went to at Nikko. He punched him! \"Royce!\" I screamed. \"What? He deserved it.\" He told me. Nikko's eye was swollen. I knew he would of punched him back if I hadn't stepped between them. Nikko would defend me anytime. I found that out last time we had an incident like this. \"Why?\" I said. \"I love him, Royce, I've never felt like this before. But you always have to come in the middle of things and ruin it.\" I grabbed Nikko's handed and pushed past Royce. We went into the house. \"Nikko, are you ok?\" I asked. There were tears in my eyes. \"Yeah. I can't believe a guy like him could give me a black eye.\" Nikko answered. \"He did take you by surprise.\" I said. We hung out for a while and then Nikko went home and I went to bed. That's it! I hope you like this chapter! I really love these 2! I'll try to update soon! Im sorry this chapter was short! I had to go to bed... ' Till next time, don't forget to R&R;! (:[Chapter 3] It was the next day, finally school was over. It was time for Spectacular practice. Nikko and I walked together. As soon as we got in the auditorium, Janet ran over to Nikko. \"Oh my God! Nikko, what happened?\" She screamed. \"Royce is what happened.\" Nikko answered. \"Royce? Wow Nikko, I thought you were tougher than that.\" Janet said. \"Excuse me, Janet, but Nikko could of beat him up if I didn't get in the middle of it!\" I yelled to Janet. How dare she say that to Nikko! \"Courtney…\" Nikko started to say, but I ignored him. I was too angry at Janet for saying that to him. \"What is your problem Courtney? You've been so strict this past week!\" Janet asked me. \"I really don't want to get involved in stuff like this, Janet, so can we just get to practice?\" I said and walked away. 2 hours later…. It was a long practice. Not very fun either. Janet is being a jerk. What is her problem? She's the one who insulted Nikko. \"Courtney?\" Nikko suddenly stopped in his tracks. I almost forgot he was there. \"Yeah?\" \"Follow me.\"Is all he said before walking away. I followed him. He led me to the music store and walked inside. He suddenly stopped and stood in front of me. \"What is it?\" I asked. He stepped away so that he was standing beside me, and there on the shelf was posters, books, videos, and CDs of our demo \"Everything Can Change.\" \"Oh my God, Nikko how'd you do this?\" I asked him in surprise. \"Well, the record dealer told me they wanted to publish the song. I told them that the credit should go to you and Spectacular.\" He told me. \"But, Nikko, you deserve it more than we do. You should know that.\" \"No, I don't. You guys are awesome, Courtney, and I really owe this to you guys.\" He said. \"Well, thanks Nikko. You're amazing.\" I said and hugged him. We walked out of the store hand in hand. I drove him home, it was a 15 minute drive and we usually spent the time listening to music and singing to it in funny voices. When we got to Nikko's house, we stood outside for a few minutes. \"I should get going…\" I said. \"Courtney, before the nationals we were two totally different people. We did not like each other. We couldn't agree on anything, except that that 'Show Boy' is the worst guy on earth. You think that because he left Spectacular for that demon, Tammi, and her show choir. But I think that because he gave up and left the most wonderful girl.\" \"Nikko….\" I started to say. \"Listen Courtney. When hanging out with you and Spectacular, it taught me that I was hanging out with the wrong people in the wrong places. Courtney, all I need to know is that your mine and I'm yours. I love you.\" Nikko told me. He just said the most sweetest thing a guy has ever said to me. I can't believe a guy like Nikko could say anything so sweet like that. \"I'm yours, Nikko, I have been since you stood up to me in front of Royce that one night.\" I said to him. \"I love you, Nikko.\" A big grin lit up his face. I loved it. \"I love you too\" That's it for this chapter! I really hope you like it. Well Janet and Courtney are fighting but don't worry they make up but Janet has news! Read the next chapter to find out! Please R&R; so I know that I have readers and you guys like it! (:[Chapter 4] Its official. Nikko loves me and I love him back. Nothing could get better. ring ring My phone was ringing. It was Janet. \"Hello?\" I said into the phone. \"Courtney, Im sorry. I shouldn't of acted that way. I know how you feel about Nikko.\" Janet explained. \"Janet its not your fault.\" I told her. \"Yes it is. Will you forgive me?\" She pleaded. \"Yes. I will.\" I said. \"Oh. Nikko and I are dating...\" \"Really! That's great! Im happy for you!\" Janet screamed into the phone. It hurt my ears. \"Thanks.\" \"Oh.. I have news to!\" She said. She sounded excited. \"What is it?\" I asked. \"Caspian and I are dating!\" Janet announced. \"Really? Awesome!\" I said. I was surprised, when Caspian first joined Spectacular Janet hated him. \"I know!\" She exclaimed. \"Oh the 'Tackies are going bowling tonight! You and Nikko wanna come?\" \"Sure! I'll call Nikko! What time?\" I asked. \"Ummm... seven cool?\" She asked. \"Sure! See you later! Bye!\" \"Bye!\" I hung up. 2 hours later... 7:00p.m Nikko's P.O.V Courtney and I were walking down the street to the bowling alley. The 'Tackies were going bowling tonight. Courtney was looking beautiful, well, she always looked beautiful. We held hands. \"Oh. Hey Robin!\" Courtney said as we came up to the bowling alley. Robin and Tajid were the only ones there. \"Hey!\" Robin greeted us. She was always a close friend of Courtney and I. \"Where is everyone?\" I asked. \"Well, Zack had a history report to do, Sam had work, Tyler had family things...\" Tajid said in his foreign accent. \"Janet and Caspian called and said they weren't coming, I guess they wanted to do things on there own...\" Robin told us. \"So everyone practically canceled?\" Courtney asked. \"Yeah pretty much.\" Robin sounded disappointed. She was really clumsy and barely bowled. \"Hey, We're here... Let's bowl!\" I said. Just because everyone canceled doesn't mean we couldn't have fun. \"Let's do it!\" Tajid said running into the building. 3 hours later... Courtney's P.O.V Bowling was fun. Everyone enjoyed it. It was 10 o'clock when I got home, but my mom wasn't home. There was a not on the table. Courtney: I'm sorry I couldn't be home tonight. I am out with Richard, he invited me to dinner. I'll be home tomorrow. DONT CRASH THE HOUSE! Love you! Love, Mom Great. Now I'm home alone for the night. I decided to call Nikko. He might want to come over, or I could go over his house. I went over Nikko's house because Stravos didn't trust Nikko alone with me. Nikko and I were sitting on the roof alone. It was probably like 11. I loved being with Nikko. Suddenly Nikko pulled me onto his lap and started kissing me. I was surprised, but I liked it. He slowly moved his hands down to my waist and pulled me closer to him. I grabbed the collar of his shirt. Then, Stravos came out onto the roof. \"Hey Nikko, Court do you- What are you doing?!\" He asked surprised and angry. Nikko and I jumped apart \"Im sorry Stravos... I made the first move, not Nikko.\" I lied. I didn't want Nikko to get in trouble. \"O-oh really? W-well ok. Courtney it's getting late. You should go home.\" Stravos said. \"Your right, it is getting late. Courtney shouldn't walk home alone at the time of night.\" Nikko put in. \"Your right. Courtney, you could stay here for tonight. You can sleep on the couch with some blankets.\" Stravos told me. \"Nikko, you stay in your room all night!\" \"Come on, don't you trust us?\" Nikko asked, disappointed. \"I trust Courtney. You I'm a little iffy about.\" Stravos said. \"Ok. Goodnight Stravos.\" I said. Stravos went to bed. Nikko was in his room, I went in. All Nikko had on was sweatpants, he didn't have a shirt on. \"C-courtney... w-what are you doing in here?\" He asked nervous. \"Don't worry. I just wanted to know if I could borrow a shirt and pants. I cant sleep in these clothes.\" I told him. \"O-oh uh sure.\" He said and handed me a t-shirt and sweatpants. \"There you go.\" \"Thanks!\" I said. I kissed him goodnight and went to get dressed. I got dressed and sat on the couch. I reached into a pocket in Nikko's sweatpants and I pulled out a folded peace of paper. I unfolded it and it said: Tammi, I can't see you tonight. I have to hang out with Courtney. I promise I will see you tomorrow. I love you. Nikko Oh my God! I couldn't believe what I just saw. I ran out of Nikko's house. He didn't love me. He loved Tammi. I was crying. I ran back to my house. When I unlocked the door, someone attacked me. They stabbed with with a knife over and over, and then they hit me on the head with a glass bottle and ran out of the house. I was in pain, bleeding all over my stomach and legs. I thought I was going to die. I got some paper and a pen and wrote a note to my mom, and all of my friends. I didn't want to die without saying goodbye. I made Nikko's special. Black and red like his show choir outfit. I tied the notes together and put them on the table. It was a long night laying on the floor, bleeding. Finally, around 3 o'clock everything went black. ","Summary":" It's been 3 days since we've been disqualified from the Nationals. But actually, I'm not angry or s"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"Cry of the Wolf-Slayer","Author":"TheOpenCorridor","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9972656","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Cry of the Wolf-Slayer Chapter 1 The moon shone bright through the trees. The wind raced along the heavy trenches of the wilderness, brushing the arching ferns and chilling almost every living creature to the bone. However, there was one beast that the wind did not phase. It was a wolf, its eyes fixated on the unknown. It was crouched in a fearful stance near the stream, its tail hovering between its legs and its heart pulsing rapidly. Anytime now, it thought, its breath billowing in the cold night. Surely I will not harm anyone this time…. A fierce shiver slithered down its spine in response. The wolf whimpered, knowing that will not be true—whether he was satisfied with it or not, someone will be injured this night, in this freezing and windy autumn night. Pain gripped the creature's heart as it remembered the faces of its deceased pack mates—the moments when the life left their frightened eyes…. Please, it pleaded to nothing, feeling weak in its useless prayer, I do not want to kill anyone tonight….Especially those of my own pack. Why must this curse be bestowed upon me, out of everyone? Why me…..? One of its shoulder bones snapped. The wolf bared its teeth, trying to stifle its howls of panic as the rest of its body began retract. Stumbling into the shadows, it writhed. It forced itself to remain hidden as its paws began to grow bigger. Its claws shrunk and morphed into short nails, its paws extended and became hands. Its tail disappeared, and the wolf stood upright…. An earsplitting howl split the air, or rather, the cry of a human being…. The forest seemed to shake as the brute pelted madly through the trees. Its speed increased with each step, its gaze hardening as it moved closer to its destination. Racing into a deserted clearing, the now transformed wolf hurried to a spot near a pine tree. It weaved amongst the fallen nettles, delving deeper into the hole beneath the tree's trunk and showering the yellow grass with dead vegetation. The creature finally stood up, holding a hunting rifle in its arms. After brushing dirt and grit off of the weapon, it ran its hands along the sides for a moment, enthralled with the detail. In that instance, the human felt as if it possessed total control. With such a contraption designed to kill in its hands, anything could happen…. Deciding to do a practice shot, the human played its observations of the weapon's use through its mind, also remembering the exercises that it did on other occasions. It aimed at the nearest tree, blasting a bullet into the trunk, the blow raging in its ears. Good thing that other rifles were stashed in the hole as well; it was beginning to wonder if the gun would run loose of bullets. Although the wolf within the human was howling in refusal, the human allowed bloodlust to conquer it, gathering its strength and departing from the clearing. Shooting one last glance behind it, the human turned, walking briskly into the forest beyond. Before long, an agonized yelp echoed through the night.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Sinopa heaved a sigh. Yet again, she had forgotten to fetch comfrey. Nosing through her herb stores, she spotted a scoop of alder at the rear of the cluster, beginning to stretch her neck to grab it. Once it was clamped between her teeth, she slid her head out of the provision stock, battering away the fronds that clung to her pelt and carrying the alder to Misae. The injured she-wolf was grief-stricken, her amber eyes scanning the Healer's Clearing as if something would jump out and attack her. \"Try to relax,\" Sinopa soothed, examining the hole on the patient's hip. The wound had finally stopped welling with blood, and the bullet was already extracted. After taking a look at the now rising sun and listening to the buzz of activity outside of the clearing, Sinopa chewed the bunch of alder and started smearing it on the wound. Misae strained not to whimper in pain, but Sinopa ignored it. She was pondering over why she had not heard anything the previous night—especially if the wolf-slayer had struck and the patient had come staggering into her den in alarm, therefore waking her. Before she could say anything to comfort the young she-wolf, the ferns rustled. A bulky white and brown wolf approached, his gaze moving from Sinopa to Misae, eyes calculating. Sinopa lowered her tail in submission. \"Beta.\" Takoda nodded in acknowledgement, his expression grim. \"What happened?\" He inquired, his husky voice directed to no one in particular. \"I am hearing many different stories.\" Just as she was about to speak, her patient began sobbing. \"It came to me in the night,\" she wailed, \"I was asleep, and the metal shot through me.\" \"Wolf-slayer,\" he muttered, \"Did you see anything?\" Misae contemplated for a moment. \"No,\" she answered, \"Only the outline of a man.\" \"Was anyone else awake at that time?\" \"I don't think so.\" Takoda glanced at Sinopa. \"Will she recover?\" The Healer shifted her paws, thinking. She was aware that his brother had been struck with a similar injury, burdened forever with a limp. However, she did not know if Misae would fare any better—it would take a large amount of determination for her if she ever wished to perform normal functions within the Pack. After sniffing the patient's hip, Sinopa replied, \"It is unclear at this point. A couple of sun cycles of observation would help me verify her future state.\" While Misae's eyes widened with anxiety, Takoda remained calm. \"Very well. I will report to the Alpha.\" He turned away, and then headed for the exit. Before he departed, his gaze wandered to the patient. \"I'm afraid that you will be relieved of all duties for now. You will not participate in the hunt either.\" The ferns swiveled as he stepped out of the clearing. Misae bowed her head down, her expression growing more and more distressed. Sinopa gave her a few consoling words before poking her head out of the den to look around. Everyone seemed on edge. She spotted many pelts flashing by, the wolves' jaws carrying brambles and what not….probably to repair the den in which the wolf-slayer had broke through. Sinopa turned around to see Misae's black head lowered even more. She could hear the repetitive whimpers escaping her maw. \"Iam afraid that the creature might come back,\" she said. The Healer shook her head. \"Rest assured; it usually does not return for awhile.\" Her heart lapsed as she noticed that the patient was not convinced. She knew that her powers of persuasion were not prominent enough—she should have listened to her instincts. \"I was the only one who saw the man,\" Misae continued, \"I know the others do not deem me crazy, but I wish someone else could have seen just how frightening it appeared in that moment….\" Sinopa pricked her ears. \"Perhaps Messenger Ahanu has seen something,\" she suggested, her voice forced to mirror enthusiasm as she thought of her brother; \"We can ask him once he returns from Catori Land.\" I hope that stops her worrying. I have enough to fret over myself—my brother is in enemy territory and I have to treat injuries that some cannot recover from. She paused. A howl sounded outside of the den. Recognizing it as the Alpha's signal for a meeting, Sinopa left Misae alone without uttering a word, settling herself near the entrance once she was out. Almost all members of the pack gathered together in a single heap, their eyes rounded with clear uneasiness as they watched the Alpha steer into the center of the clearing. The slight wind had ruffled his snow-colored fur, and his amber eyes were focused on the cloudy sky above them before they shifted to the throng of apprehensive wolves. Sinopa felt movement beside her. She turned to see Kajika limping to a spot next to her, and a stab of guilt pierced her heart as the past flashed into her memory. What a dutiful Healer that I am—I failed to treat him, and the same will probably happen with Misae. Kajika granted her with a warm gaze, but she refused to react to him and was relieved when the Alpha started speaking. \"My fellow packmates,\" He began, his eyes skimming through the audience, \"As many of you are aware, the wolf-slayer has struck. It appears to be the same creature who had murdered Dyami and Ayasha; according to witness accounts, the man fled before he could shoot the killing bullet, therefore leaving his victim behind. Misae is currently in recovery from her traumatic experience and injuries.\" He nodded to Takoda. The burly wolf stepped forward and stood beside the Alpha, looking rather intimidating and causing his leader to appear puny due to his superior size. His gruff timbre rang out instantly. \"The hunt will be delayed. I will lead a patrol of myself and two other wolves. You—\" He pointed his nose to a couple of subordinates, Niabi and Ciqala—\"Will be accompanying me. No protests. The human's stench is still traceable, and the sooner we find out where it resides, the more we will know about its lifestyle and its weaknesses. We cannot allow anymore of our pack members to be harassed—especially if the bastard is coming back repeatedly.\" Sinopa tensed, watching Kajika from the corner of her eye. His tail was thrust between his legs from what she could tell. The guilty feeling in her chest twisted even harder. \"What if the scent fades?\" Someone inquired. Before Takoda could holler an answer, the Alpha silenced him. \"We would be able to venture no further.\" \"I would much rather look after my sister,\" Ciqala complained, \"She is in the Healer's den with no company, after all—\" Takoda's growl cut him off. \"I say that you are in my patrol, subordinate, and that is that. You may visit Misae after the hunt, but until then, do not challenge your authority's orders again, chiefly if I said no protests .\" He showed his teeth. Ciqala backed away with his tail tucked, his expression clouding with mingled emotions. That is what he deserves for questioning the Beta….idiot. Sinopa gazed down at her dark gray paws, despising the fact that she called someone such a thing, but she knew it was true—Ciqala was not always obedient towards those who ranked higher than him, which was bound to cost him his strength soon if he continued with his behavior. The Alpha persisted as if no argument had occurred. \"Once the Beta's patrol has returned with their findings, I will interpret their results and come to a conclusion as to what must be done with this wolf-slayer.\" He closed his mouth and surveyed the spectators. \"Now that everything has been discussed, the patrol may leave at this time.\" As soon as his words were processed, the crowd dispersed. Sinopa heaved herself up and scurried away from Kajika, fixing her eyes on the Alpha. Without looking back, he strode into his private quarters beside a tree, a dangling branch thrashing behind him as he entered. Sinopa followed his tracks with timid steps. She approached the entrance, gulping. She had not done this in a while—not since he had become leader. Initiating her presence with a soft whimper, the gray she-wolf went into his den. He shot her a glimpse from the back of the enclosed space, his eyes quizzical. \"Hotah.\" His name sounded foreign on her tongue as she addressed her littermate. \"Sister,\" he replied, his shoulders hunched, \"What brings you here to intrude?\" \"I am not here to intrude,\" she said, \"I merely ask for permission to leave Sokanon Territory.\" The curiosity in his gaze grew. \"For what purpose?\" He asked, his posture remaining stiff as he rearranged his position and sat down. Sinopa sensed his discomfort and supposed that this was the best time to depart, but her determination trapped her at the spot. \"My supply of comfrey is non-existent. It will be a necessary remedy if the wolf-slayer plans on returning.\" Her brother analyzed her for a moment, his amber eyes flickering with different emotions here and there, none of which were in her favor. \"There is something else as well,\" he observed, leaning forward, \"You would not ask for my confirmation if your trip was only to gather herbs.\" Her heart omitted a beat. He was right. Sinopa scolded herself for allowing her illogical thoughts to sway her thinking—more so for convincing her to even speak to a littermate that she had not acknowledged for so long. Capturing a large breath of air, she refrained from spilling out her actual reason for consulting him. \"I figured that you would not want anyone slipping out of Camp unexpectedly.\" Hotah's opinion seemed unchanged. \"Yet, you find the nerve talk to me after what had happened.\" The she-wolf winced. \"It needed to be done some time.\" It appeared like he was considering her answer, but then it became evident that the bitterness from their last encounter was still present as he curled his lip. \"I would have preferred that you did not come. If I remember correctly, you could not meet my eyes. You swore to never utter a word to me again.\" He stood up, his stare attached to hers. \"Why else are you leaving?\" The overwhelming tightening in her chest seemed to drag Sinopa to the ground. She tucked her tail as low as she could, fighting the images from the past popping into her mind. The anger in his expression. The sorrow that was ripping her heart in two. The dead body. The blood. The thunder that roared from above. That distant yell that sounded from the trees…. Snapping back into reality, Sinopa concentrated on the present. \"It's Ahanu,\" she confessed, making her remorseful feelings subside, \"He was sent to Catori Land four sun cycles ago, was he not? Where is he now?\" \"He should come back soon.\" Rather than letting out an annoyed growl, she ignored her thoughts and spoke to her brother in a calm tone. \"Well, he has not. I resolved to search for him.\" She reflected on her reckless decision—Ahanu was well more aware of the territory than she was, and he could be anywhere. Perhaps on his route back to Camp if he was lucky to avoid the wolf-slayer…. She trembled. Hotah's voice was stern. \"I prefer you remain here. There is a patient in your care, and I am certain Ahanu is fine. As for the missing herb, you will have to manage without it.\" He motioned toward the exit. \"You may leave now.\" Sinopa gave him a fierce glare, not knowing how to respond. Well, I wanted an answer, and I received one. I might as well tend to Misae—she has been left alone for a little too long. With that in mind, she turned around and stomped out of the den. She should have foreseen that he would decline her request. What did she expect, anyway? Hotah had transformed from how he was before he was appointed Alpha. Compared to back then, he is now 'all-too-valuable' to be bothered with anything but the wolf-slayer and himself. Angered, she crashed into the Healer's Clearing without speaking to Misae. ","Summary":" Cry of the Wolf-Slayer Chapter 1 The moon shone bright through the trees. The wind raced along the "},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Forever & Always","Author":"HumidGlue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4926024","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: So I haven't written a fanfiction in a while. But I loved Spectacular! So I'm going to do my best. This takes place a few months after the end of the movie, Nikko, Courtney and the gang have graduated, and it's the summer time before they go off to college. \"Thanks for coming with me Janet, I know rock isn't really your thing.\" Courtney said as they both stood in the back of the local club. Janet laughed. \"It's not your thing either, Court. But it's Nikko, how could you resist?\" She smirked. \"I want to support him!\" Courtney argued. \"He's back with Flux and I want him to know that I don't mind him being in his old band, it's his passion.\" \"But what about Spectacular?\" Janet asked. \"Spectacular is over. We graduated. Nikko and I will do music together at the LA Performing Art college, but this summer, he wants to be in his band, and I'm going to every show.\" She smiled. \"I think I'm a groupie.\" Janet snickered. \"I guess so. But did Nikko agree to go to LA with you?\" \"Well we want to be together, and why wouldn't he want to come? It's music just the same.\" Courtney replied. \"Look, I'm just saying, Nikko cares about you, but he also wants to go on tour with Flux, ever since we recorded the demo they have been planning a tour.\" Courtney sighed. \"He wouldn't. Things have been so perfect with Nikko and I. We want to stay together after high school. I've never liked anyone like this before. Not even Royce.\" \"Yeah, I've seen the way he looks at you. You two seem really serious. Do you love him?\" Courtney looked down. \"I… don't know.\" Before Janet could reply, Flux stepped on stage and played the familiar rock intro, and, as usual, Nikko barely missed his cue. Courtney watched with admiration as Nikko belted out his perfect voice, and danced around with complete confidence. Several girls at the front of the stage screamed his name and reached to touch his hands. Courtney wasn't jealous though, she knew that he preferred her. At one point Nikko saw Courtney at the back of the room, stared for a moment, smiled then went back to the song. Courtney let out a dreamy sigh. Janet giggled. \"He is crazy about you.\" Courtney smiled. At the end of the show Courtney said goodbye to Janet and went to the side of the club to find Nikko. The moment he saw her he took her in his arms and kissed her eagerly. Meanwhile, the rest of the band had to load the van themselves. The bass player, Aimee rolled her eyes. \"Get a room you two.\" Courtney pulled away. \"You were amazing out there, Nikko.\" She held both his hands. \"Thanks for coming. \"Nikko kissed her again. \"Is Janet around? I thought I saw her with you.\" \"Yeah she decided to leave after the show, she knew we would want to be together. \" Nils set down his amp. \"Nikko we're going to an after show party, wanna come?\" \"Aw I don't think his little show choir girlfriend is up for it.\" Aimee said in a high mocking voice. Courtney scowled. \"Actually we had other plans.\" Nikko put his arm around her. \"See you guys later.\" \"Whatever man \"Nils said, he and the rest of the band drove away. Nikko and Courtney held hands as they walked back to his apartment. \"Did you… want to go to the party? Cause, I wouldn't have minded.\" Courtney said. \"Nah, I don't do that stuff anymore, do you want to just chill at my place?\" Nikko let go of her hand and put his arm around her. \"Yeah.\" \"Besides.\" Nikko said. \"We have a whole summer to plan.\" \"It's going to be amazing.\" Courtney agreed Sneak Peak: Courtney knew that Nikko was going too far again. \"Nikko stop.\" she murmered. AN: I realize how short and boring this chapter is. But I am just setting things up, this WILL get good. I am writing the story whether or not people like it, but I would really appreciate some reviews. Thanks.[Chapter 2] AN: Ah so sad, no reviews. Oh well, I hope someone is reading this :) Please enjoy! A week later \"Thanks for coming over, Court.\" Nikko said as they sat on his couch watching TV. \"I love being here, you know that.\" Courtney kissed his cheek. Nikko pulled away. \"It's just, I know my place isn't that nice… that's all.\" Courtney sat closer to him. \"I don't care about your apartment, I like being with you.\" She looked around. \"By the way, where's Stavros?\" \"At work.\" Nikko replied. \"We have the place to ourselves. Too bad there's nothing on TV. The M in Mtv now stands for Morons.\" \"We could go out somewhere?\" Courtney stood up. He pulled her back on to the couch so that she landed on his lap. \"Or we could stay in.\" He put his strong arms around her and began to kiss her, Courtney put her hands on his face and pulled away. \"Someone's in a good mood.\" She kissed him again. Nikko shifted her off his lap then turned so that he was on top of her on the couch. He supported his weight so that he wouldn't crush her. After a few minutes of making out he moved on to her neck. Courtney knew things would got too far if she didn't stop him now, she attempted to push him off, but he didn't even notice the effort. She felt his hand start to creep up her shirt. He pressed his body on hers so that there was no space between them, then he put his hand on the button of her jeans. \"Nikko,\" she murmured. \"Stop.\" He went back to kissing her mouth so that she couldn't speak. \"Just relax..\" he whispered. She moved her face. \"Nikko I'm serious.\" Nikko rolled his eyes then pulled himself off her, sitting on the other end of the couch. \"Here it comes..\" he sighed. \"I'm sorry.\" Courtney mumbled. \"I'm just not ready… it's not you or anything…\" \"Don't you trust me?\" he asked. \"It's not that.\" \"Then what is it?\" \"I'm just trying to be responsible.\" She said. \"It's not that big a deal, Courtney.\" Nikko rolled his eyes. Courtney hesitated. \"Have you ever, done it before? You've had other girlfriends…\" Nikko was quiet for a moment. \"Um nope. I haven't.\" Courtney smiled. \"I'm glad.\" She leaned in to kiss him. \"Don't tease me.\" Nikko groaned. At that moment Stavros walked through the door. \"What are you kids up to?\" \"Nothing.\" Courtney quickly stood up. \"Nikko come help me get groceries out of the car.\" Stavros said. Nikko got up and followed him out the back door. Courtney sat on the couch for a few minutes watching TV, when Aimee came in through the front door. \"Where's Nikko, we need him for practice.\" She asked without even greeting Courtney. \"Um he is helping Stavros with something.\" Courtney instinctively crossed her arms. She always secretly disliked anyone that Nikko used to date. Aimee observed the uneven couch and Courtney's messy hair. \"So were you two getting busy or something?\" She leaned against the doorway. Courtney fixed her shirt. \"We were just…\" \"It's kind of cute that Nikko is dating a prude like you, then again, that's not his usual style.\" Aimee said in a matter of fact tone. \"What do you mean?\" she asked. Aimee raised her eyebrows. \"He only likes a girl if she puts out, at least that's how I remember it.\" Courtney cleared her throat. \"Are you saying that you two have.. had ..sex?\" \"Are you serious? What did Nikko tell you?\" she asked. Courtney turned away and shook her head. \"And I wasn't his first.\" Aimee said smugly. \"Trust me, sweetie, I know Nikko. If you don't sleep with him and you don't let him go to parties, like you did at his gig the other night, he is going to go shopping for a new girlfriend. He wants the rock star lifestyle, and that doesn't include you.\" Courtney felt tears coming on, but she didn't want to give Aimee another excuse to make fun of her. \"I have to go.\" She mumbled, she ran out the door. \"Bye.\" Aimee called out in a fake-friendly way. A few moments later Nikko and Stavros came back inside. \"Hey Aimee, where'd Courtney go?\" Nikko asked. \"She just decided to leave. Lets go we have band rehearsal.\" She replied. Sneak peak:[Chapter 3] AN: I'm so sorry for taking forever!! But I'm updating with a longer chapter. Thanks so much for the reviews, I read them all! I'm glad people are actually reading this. Oh and I'm sorry for spelling amy's name like aimee, i thought it was spelled that way for some reason. But I checked the Spectacular! Imdb page and it's actually Amy, so I am spelling it that way from now on. \"Are you sure Courtney just left? She usually says bye first or something…\" Nikko said as Amy dragged him to her car. \"Can we please have a moment where we don't talk about Courtney?\" Amy slammed the car door with more force than necessary. \"Kay, whatever.\" Nikko rolled his eyes and lay back in the seat. When they arrived at the garage, Nils and Eric were already practicing. \"Hey Nikko.\" Nils called over the music.\" The mics on the amp over there.\" Nikko began to sing when Amy was all set up with her bass guitar. After he sang a few lines, Eric threw his drumstick at his head. \"Dude you suck, you sound like some show choir fag!\" Eric said. Amy laughed but Nils rolled his eyes. \"Shut up Eric, he doesn't sound any different.\" Nikko set down the mic and sat on the torn couch. \"Are you guys ever going to get over the Courtney thing? It's been like 3 months.\" Nils sat by him. \"Actually it's been over 4 months. Get it right.\" He punched his shoulder.\" Amy sat on the armrest by him. \"If you were committed, you would know how long you'd been with her.\" She joked. Nikko folded his arms. \"It's just a thing. She's not that big a deal.\" \"Then why are you with her this long?\" Eric asked. \"Why do you think?\" Amy asked, raising her eyebrows suggestively. \"Oh so she's good in bed?\" Nils asked. \"Still, there are other girls, Nikko.\" \"Ohh so that's why you like her. I always knew nerdy choirgirls could be hot when they wanted to be. \" Eric laughed. \"And she's pretty hot.\" Amy glared at him. Nikko was quiet but he nodded in agreement. \"Nikko?\" Amy smirked. \"Are you going to tell them or should I?\" He narrowed his eyes. \"Amy, let it go.\" She beamed. \"Guess what guys.\" \"What is it?\" asked Nils. \"Is she like… bad at it?\" Eric looked at Nikko. \"Nope.\" Amy laughed. \"Nikko is just embarrassed because him and Courtney haven't done anything.\" Eric laughed. \"Haha are you serious, Nikko?\" \"Nikko, seriously?\" Nils frowned. \"It just.. Hasn't happened yet.\" Nikko said. \"That's just… not like you Nikko.\" Nils said. \"Look, she's a really good person, and she's talented, and she's sweet…\" Nikko drifted off, feeling awkward. \"Wow man. I feel like I don't know you.\" Eric shrugged. Nikko stood up. \"So I like a girl, what's the big deal.\" Amy suddenly became serious. \"The big deal, Nikko, is that you need to focus on the band and our record deal. And not your loser, virgin girlfriend.\" Nikko looked at Nils and Eric, and they looked like they agreed with Amy. \"Lets just get back to rehearsal.\" Nils said. Nikko glanced at him thankfully for changing the subject. Days went by and Courtney never called Nikko, when he tried to contact her, it always went to her voicemail. He wasn't even sure that she would show up to Spectacular rehearsal on his rooftop Friday night. At exactly 7:00 Nikko's apartment began to flood with all of the Tackies. \"Hey Nikko.\" Caspian said as he walked up to the roof. Janet, Tajid and the rest of the group also arrived; Nikko was shocked to see Courtney come through the door. \"Courtney, hey I haven't heard from you in like forever.\" Nikko said he walked over but didn't make any contact. \"I've been busy.\" Courtney smiled. He sighed in relief that she didn't seem to be mad at him. \"Well are you ready to dance tonight?\" he asked. \"Sure… can I stay over tonight though? Stavros is gone right?\" She looked eager. He nodded, wondering why she would want to be alone with him all the sudden. Courtney leaned in, wrapped her arms around him and kissed his with more enthusiasm than normal. She grabbed his hand, and they went up to his roof together. For about two hours, the Spectacular group practiced dancing in any way they felt like. \"So..\" Janet said while they were finishing up. \"What's really the point of practicing when we are all graduated from Spectacular?\" \"Just to keep us all together for the summer. \"Courtney shrugged. \"When we all go to performing art school in the fall, we will keep all our dance skills.\" She smiled over at Nikko. \"Right.\" Nikko nodded. \"I'm spent, everyone go home.\" They al laughed and started to gather their things. \"Except me, right?\" Courtney asked. \"Do you still want to stay after?\" \"Of course! I'll go to your bedroom, come in when everyone has left.\" She walked off. My bedroom? Nikko thought. When everyone said their goodbyes. Nikko hesitantly went to his messy bedroom. Courtney was sitting on the edge; she had put her hair down taken her shoes off. He sat next to her. \"So… what do you want to do?\" She didn't answer, she just grabbed him and began to make out, pressing herself tight against him. Nikko responded eagerly, but he felt like she had something on her mind. She stroked her hand down his neck, to his chest, then he felt her hand shake as it moved to his jeans. His lips froze. \"What are you doing, Courtney?\" He whispered. \"What do you mean?\" she murmured. He cleared his throat. \"What brought all this on?\" Their faces were just inches away from each other. \"I'm just trying to be the girl you want me to be. Amy told me about… it…\" she shrugged. \"Wait, what? Amy?\" Nikko said. \"She did she tell you?\" \"It doesn't matter..\" Courtney tried to kiss him again. Nikko pushed her away. \"Tell me what she said.\" \"Just that… you only dated girls that…\" She let the sentence hang. Nikko rolled his eyes. \"I used to be like that. I'm not anymore.\" \"You lied though.\" Courtney said. \"You told me you were a virgin.\" \"I'm sorry I lied. I'm not, ok? But it doesn't matter. I don't want you to do something because of Amy. She needs to mind her business.\" Nikko said. Courtney looked away. \"How many girls? Just Amy? Or…?\" \"Let it go, Court.\" \"Tell me.\" He sighed. \"Three. Including Amy. Alright?\" \"Am I just one of them? Obviously you didn't stay with them for long.\" Courtney said. \"Courtney, you're nothing like those other girls. I've never liked anyone like I like you.\" She smiled. \"Okay. I shouldn't have listened to Amy…sorry.\" \"No. I'm sorry.\" Nikko said. \"I should probably go. It's late and Stavros will be here soon. \" Courtney put her shoes on and gathered her things. \"By the way, have you turned in your application for the performing art school?\" He hesitated. \"Not yet..\" \"Well hurry. It's your future and I need you with me.\" She kissed him. He didn't answer. \"See you, Nikko.\" Sneak peak: \"So why do you want to go to college with Nikko?\" Royce asked. \"Why not? He's my boyfriend.\" Courtney answered. \"I'm just saying, he's let you down before, don't let him do it again.\" AN: Please review!I know it's annoying to review every chapter, but any kind of feedback is really helpful for me. I will try to update fast, but I have a busy week right now, but I'll try to get another chapter up.[Chapter 4] \"Courtney are you almost ready?\" Janet called through the door. \"Music class starts in 10 minutes!\" Janet and Courtney were attending a music day camp at the community center over the summer. \"Ok, I'm ready.\" Courtney finally came out of her bathroom. \"Sorry, just a hair crisis.\" \"Okay, lets go.\" Janet said. \"Is Nikko coming?\" \"I've told you a million times, Janet.\" Courtney grabbed her car keys. \"Nikko doesn't want to go to a music class, he hates following rules, especially when it comes to his music.\" \"Oh. I thought he didn't come because he can't afford it.\" Courtney looked away. \"That too.\" It was always awkward for Courtney when money was brought up. She lived in a nice suburb, while Nikko lived in an apartment downtown. \"How do you know he can afford the LA Performing Art College?\" Janet asked. \"Actually he can.\" Courtney said happily. \"His parents left him a huge college fund before they…\" She stopped. Talking about Nikko's parents was awkward too. \"…Oh.\" Janet said. \"Well at least college won't be an issue.\" When they arrived to music class, they took their usual spots on the bleachers for choir practice. Courtney's eyes widened when a familiar person walked up to them. \"Royce?\" She asked. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Hi to you too.\" He said. She sighed. \"Hey\" \"Hi Courtney…Janet.\" Janet smiled sheepishly. \"Hey.\" \"So are you in this class now?\" Courtney asked. \"Yep. It fills the time.\" \"Huh. I would have thought you'd be off conquering the show choir world with Tammi.\" Royce sighed. \"Umm. Yeah. Tammi. We aren't together anymore. We broke up.\" Janet snorted. \"I heard she dumped you right after nationals.\" He frowned. \"Right. Well either way, it's over with her.\" Courtney smiled sympathetically. \"I think its for the best.\" \"So are you still with rock boy.\" Royce looked at her hopefully. \"Yes.\" \"Oh. Yeah I wondered if you two lasted through graduation.\" \"Well we did. We're doing great.\" Courtney said. \"So are you going to the LA Performing Art School? I just got my acceptance letter.\" Royce said, suddenly changing the subject. \"Yeah, most of Spectacular is going.\" \"Of course.\" Janet said. \"It's the only music college worth going to.\" \"And Nikko is going too.\" Courtney added. Royce raised his eyebrows. \"Nikko? Why do you want to go to college with him?\" \"He's my boyfriend, why not?\" \"Isn't he in that band that recorded a demo?\" he asked. \"So? His band is just for fun, he has to go to college.\" She said. \"Your not seriously depending on him, are you?\" \"What do you mean?\" Royce shrugged. \"I'm just saying he's let you down before, don't let him do it again.\" Courtney looked down. She remembered when Nikko chose Flux over Spectacular. Sure, he showed up after all. But he only came because his band was blowing the audition. Then she remembered when they looked into each other's eyes after the show, and when he kissed her for the first time… Courtney shook her head. \"He cares about me. It's not going to happen again.\" \"If you say so.\" Royce said. \"Still, I'm glad we are going to the same college. Music just wouldn't be the same without you around.\" He smiled at her. \"Royce…\" She began. \"Look, I know things ended badly with us. But we've both done a lot of growing up with high school ending. I know I have. But we both love the same things, and we were a good fit. I really hope I see you around at college.\" He said. Before Courtney could respond, the teacher came in to start choir class. Courtney had to admit, Royce was being really mature. She liked Nikko a lot. He wasn't always making smart decisions, and he was really rowdy, especially about music. But something about him helped her be a better person. When she saw how carefree he was, it made her want to be that way too. She loved that Nikko could still be so happy even though he'd been through such hard times. She loved that he could be so full of himself, but when he was around her he suddenly had a vulnerability about him. She loved everything about him. I love him. Courtney thought to herself. She hadn't realized it until now. After class was over, she said goodbye to Royce then quickly pulled Janet aside. \"Janet I have to tell you something.\" She said quietly. \"What is it?\" Janet asked. \"I think…I think I love Nikko.\" Courtney smiled spite herself. \"Wow.\" Janet said. \"Really?\" \"It's the first time I've ever been in love with someone. It feels amazing.\" \"Are you going to tell him?\" \"I want to.\" Courtney admitted. \"I'm happy for you.\" Janet said. \"I'm going to tell him.' Courtney decided. \"I have to.\" Sneak peak: \"So what did you want to tell me, Nikko?\" Courtney asked Nikko couldn't bear to tell her the truth. \"Just that... I love you too.\" He leaned in to kiss her, he moved his hand up her shirt, and this time she didn't stop him. Sorry if this chapter was kind of short and uneventful. But I needed to develop the story and build things up a little. This chapter was originally supposed to have a second part with Nikko and Stavros talking about the future, but as I started writing it, it was so terribly boring I decided to leave it out. Just so you know, chapter 5 is going to be longer, and really really good! I'm like excited to write it lol. I will post it this week, promise, I'm on spring break so I have more writing time. Please review![Chapter 5] AN: Finally I am posting this! Heres chapter 5, sorry if Eric seems out of charecter, but he only had like 2 lines in the whole movie so I wasnt sure how to capture his personality. oh well! please read :) Nikko showed up at band rehearsal feeling completely torn. He wanted to stay with Courtney, but he wanted to go on tour with Flux and become a rock star. \"Nikko, finally! You're late!\" Amy said. \"Let's get started.\" \"Sorry.\" Nikko mumbled. Nils went over to him and patted his back. \"We just need you to focus, man. The tour starts right after the summer ends and we need to sound perfect if we want to get a record deal.\" \"I just.. Don't know what to tell Courtney.\" Nikko said. \"You haven't told her?\" asked Eric. \"Not exactly.\" Nikko admitted. \"She's just so excited about going to college and she thinks I'm going with her. She has our whole future planned out.\" Amy set down her bass. \"Nikko, you aren't backing out are you? You have to go on tour.\" Nikko sat down on the couch. \"I want to be with Courtney, she's the only girl I've ever really cared about…. No offence, Amy.\" \"None. Taken.\" She replied icily. Nils went to sit by him. \"Nikko, I know that you like her a lot. And she is kind of cool. But you need to think in the long run.\" \"What do you mean?\" Nikko asked. \"Imagine that you went off to that LA school with Courtney.\" Nils said. \"Will it really be any different from high school? She is going to do show choir, or musicals, or whatever music nerds like to do. And she's going to drag you with her.\" Nikko looked down. \"But I'll be with her, and she wants me to be happy.\" Nils rolled his eyes. \"Nikko. Courtney wants herself to be happy. And she wants you to be her lap dog.\" Eric agreed with Nils. \"Dude, you are in a band now, you're not going to join another one when you're at school. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity.\" \"Guys I see what you're saying..\" Nikko said. \"But maybe it's better that I go to college.\" \"You can go to college anytime.\" Nils said. \"But you can only be a rock star once. If you give it up now, then it's over. If you had never met Courtney, would you still be applying for college?\" \"No..\" he admitted. \"Then why are you letting a girl decide your future?\" Nils asked. \"You have a chance to really be somebody, don't let Courtney ruin it for you.\" Nikko still had doubts. \"Guys, there will be other chances for me to be in a band. Courtney is once in a lifetime.\" Amy raised her eyebrows. \"You can try to convince yourself anyway you want, Nikko, but I can see what you're trying to do. You are afraid to make it to the big time, so you're using Courtney as an excuse to back out. You are ruining your life. You were going to leave high school a legend, now you're leaving a joke. It's pathetic.\" Nikko stared at he. \"Go to hell, Amy.\" Amy laughed, not put off at all by the insult. Nils sighed. \"Amy said it kinda harsh.\" He stopped to glare at her, \"But she is right. You have to tell Courtney.\" Nikko abruptly stood up and stormed out of the room. He hated to think it to himself, but he knew that Amy was right. He had to end things with Courtney so that he could start thinking about his future. Nikko knew that he would hurt her, but it was better for the long run. As he walked away from his band's garage, he felt his cell phone vibrate in his pocket. It was Courtney. He quickly answered the phone. \"Hello?\" \"Nikko!\" she said. \"Hey can we do something together tonight, there's something I need to tell you… it's important.\" Her voice sounded excited. Nikko closed his eyes. \"Me too, there's something I need to talk to you about. Can you come over tonight? At eight? Stavros is on a business trip.\" \"That's perfect!\" Courtney said. \"I'll see you at eight. Bye Nikko.\" She hung up. Nikko sat in his living room, his leg shaking. He didn't know how to tell her. Would she be angry? Obviously she would break up with him. He knew that tonight would be the end. He couldn't put it off any longer. He had to tell her the truth. He wasn't going to college with her. Right at 8 o clock he heard his door buzz. He opened the door and Courtney looked as beautiful as ever. Her hair was flowing around her, she was dressed in a stunning outfit and she had a big smile on her face. She walked through the doorway, past him, into his bedroom. He followed reluctantly. They both sat down at the edge of the bed, Courtney took both of his hands. \"Nikko, I just realized something today, and I really need to tell you.\" She began. \"It's alright if you don't feel the same way.\" Nikko nodded robotically, guilt overcoming him, \"I… I love you Nikko.\" She said. He looked up. That was not what he was expecting to hear. \"You do?\" She nodded happily. \"Yes, very much so. I'm so glad I got that off my chest.\" She leaned in to kiss him, and he kissed her back eagerly. Both of his hands were on her waist, she locked his arms around her neck kissing him with more and more enthusiasm. Slowly she backed away, Nikko opened his eyes. \"What did you want to tell me?\" she asked. \"On the phone you said you had to tell me something…\" Nikko furrowed his eyebrows and looked deep into her eyes. She looked so euphoric, there was no way he could tell her the truth. That he didn't have a future with her. \"Just that…\" he cleared his throat. \"I love you too.\" Courtney smiled. \"And you're going to LA with me?\" \"Umm… yeah I finally turned in my application.\" He lied again. \"Oh, Nikko! This is so perfect, everything is coming together.\" She kissed him again. \"Now I know that you truly care about me.\" He held her tightly against him and began to kiss her again. She responded by putting her hands to her chest, and slowly undoing each of the buttons. He frowned. \"Courtney, are you sure?\" \"Absolutely.\" Courtney kissed his again; Nikko slowly removed her top, then gently pushed her flat on his bed. He let his body touch every inch of hers as he started to kiss her neck. She showed no signs of stopping him. Sneak peak: \"Wow Nikko really can't stop lying to you, can he?\" Amy sneered. Courtney turned around so that she couldn't see the tears leaking at the rims of her eyes. AN: If you look back at my Twilight stories, I used to write much more erotic love scenes, but now I want to be a more classy writer :) I would really really really love some reviews, if you have some constructive criticism that would be helpful too, it won't hurt my feelings or whatever :) I read all my reviews and I respond to the ones that allow me to! ","Summary":" AN: So I haven't written a fanfiction in a while. But I loved Spectacular! So I'm going to do my be"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"Autumn Moon","Author":"TalbotWolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5779358","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is just a story from my imagination in where Lawrence, instead of finding love from Gwen, finds friendship from Amelia Madison. I do not own anybody from the Wolfman just the whole friendship between Lawrence and Amelia AND Amelia. I wish I owned Lawrence… :'[ LOL The full autumn moon shone over the town of Blackmoor, England, illuminating the houses. All the doors and windows were closed, hiding the frightened residents from view. Amelia Madison had her bedroom window open, unafraid. A howl rang through the air and Amelia could hear a porcelain plate break upon the floor in the other room. She knew her poor, old mother had been frightened, therefore dropping her favorite plate. Amelia did not know why the people of Blackmoor get easily frightened over the so called 'beast' that lurked in the shadows. She knew there was a logical explanation for the 'strange' occurrences. As she had studied, there are species of wolves; how could there not be at least a wolf or two in all of Europe? Surely all the killings are caused by wolves not 'beasts'. Amelia sighed. All the people of Blackmoor must be out of their minds , she thought. She sat up on her knees and drew her windows shut. She lay back down, pulling the covers over her body, turning to her side. \"All nonsense,\" she whispered, ignoring the long howl coming from outside the window. Well, I'm sorry this is short, but it's just the beginning! I'll try and write soon![Chapter 2] Here is the first chapter of Autumn Moon. Again, I do not own The Wolfman just Amelia. Enjoy! Amelia dusted off her dress before stepping out into the kitchen. Her mother was up and cooking breakfast. She sat down at the table and smiled at her mother. \"Good morning, Mother,\" she chirped. \"Good morning, dear. Oh! Did you hear that horrible howl last night?\" her mother asked, nearly whispering. \"I did, Mother. It's just some silly animal running around,\" Amelia replied, waving her hand as if tossing the subject away. \"It's more than just an animal, Amelia. It's a horrible beast.\" \"Do you really believe all that non-sense?\" \"It's not non-sense, dear.\" \"I don't want to hear any word of this anymore. I've had enough.\" She cleared her throat. \"Now, what's for breakfast, my dear mother?\" \"Oatmeal, dear,\" her mother answered, looking away from Amelia. \"Again, Mother?\" \"Well, we haven't a lot of money, dear.\" \"I think I'll skip breakfast and open the shop.\" \"Do that, my dear. I think I'll rest me old bones for a moment.\" \"All right, Mother.\" Amelia headed to the front of the building where her family's book store was located. She opened the door, indicating that the store was open and headed to the back of the counter. She grabbed the nearest book and started reading it, knowing she wouldn't have any customers today. She read for hours and it was already sunset when a familiar voice called her from the doorway of the shop. \"Good evening, Amelia,\" the voice said. Amelia jumped and looked up. \"Oh, Ben, you gave me a fright,\" she said, walking up to greet her long-time friend, Ben Talbot. \"Good evening to you, too.\" \"So, how was business today?\" Ben asked. \"Not so good,\" Amelia replied, \"Where are you off to?\" \"Oh, just out to the woods for a walk.\" \"Out to see the gypsies again, aren't you?\" \"Well, yes.\" \"It's closing time now and I have to check on my mother. I wish you well on your trip.\" \"Thank you. Goodbye, Amelia.\" \"Goodbye, Ben. Oh, and if you have a chance, please tell your father, if he will listen, that I finally received the book he wanted.\" \"That I will, Amelia.\" Ben hesitated before stepping closer to Amelia. He craned his neck so that his lips met hers and kissed her. Before Amelia could grasp the situation, Ben was already heading to the woods. She felt the sensation that something very wrong was going to happen. She touched her lips and started out the door. She looked up at the sky and saw the full moon starting to rise into the sky. She started running into the woods subconsciously. She ran in the direction where Ben had just walked through. She ran for what felt like hours, finally stopping when she realized she had run too far and for too long. I'm lost , she concluded simply. She looked around, searching for any trace that Ben had been there. The light of the moon shone through the tree branches, casting ghostly shadows. Amelia walked forward then to her right, ending up in an open meadow that had gravestones scattered here and there and a crypt at the far end. She saw a man running toward the crypt and heard him screaming for help. It was Ben. Suddenly, a creature jumped at him and Amelia gasped. She did not dare scream, for she feared the creature would come after her. She could not tell what the creature was. It looked like a man, but it had horrible claws. Amelia backed away as the creature howled. \"It's not a wolf,\" she whispered to herself, \"It's not a wolf.\" She started running back in the direction she had come from. When she reached her shop, it was dawn. She burst into the shop and into the back room. Her mother was sitting in the parlor, looking very worried. She looked up at Amelia. \"Amelia! Where have you been?\" she asked, hugging Amelia. \"Mother, Ben- Ben was- he was- he was killed!\" Amelia stuttered, covering her mouth as she sobbed. \"What? That Talbot boy?\" \"Yes, Mother… he- a- an animal killed him. It was a horrible creature.\" \"The beast.\" Her mother whispered. Amelia sunk down and sat on the couch. She loved Ben, of course. She had never admitted that to him, for they had been friends since childhood. She remembered meeting Ben and his brother when she was just four. He was nine and his brother was six. Since she was an active child, she wanted to climb a tree, but had fallen off when she took two steps up the tree trunk. Ben's brother saw that and hurried over to help her up. Ben ran over to get his brother and take him back to their parents, but, instead, they all played around the tree and their friendship continued. Amelia never saw Ben's brother after a few days anymore, though, so she barely remembered him. But Amelia now lost both of her friends. She wiped her tears away and trudged away to her room. *~*~*~* Amelia tied her horse's rein to the nearest tree branch as she gazed at the towering walls of Talbot Hall. She was there to tell Ben's father, Sir John Talbot, of Ben's death. She had decided to tell him after the locals had found Ben's body in a ditch earlier that morning. She grabbed the book Sir John had requested and headed to the door of the mansion. She knocked as loudly as she could and waited for someone to answer the door. Soon, Sir John's servant, Singh, answered the door. \"Miss Amelia.. Is there something wrong?\" he asked. \"Singh, I must speak to Sir John. I have terrible news.\" Singh stepped away and let her enter. \"He is in the study.\" Amelia nodded and found her way into the study. She saw John sitting at the piano and approached him. \"Ah, Amelia, always good to see you,\" he said, not looking up at her. Amelia placed the book on the table and faced John again. \"I have terrible news. I'm afraid Ben has been killed.\" John stopped playing the piano and looked up at her. \"They found his body mauled to pieces in a ditch earlier today,\" Amelia continued. \"I guess I must prepare the funeral.\" \"Didn't Ben have a brother? Should I try to contact him? He should attend his own brother's funeral.\" \"Do what you want,\" John said as he left from the room. Amelia nodded slowly and started back outside. She found it strange that John did not express any emotion. Hoped you enjoyed this chapter![Chapter 3] Here is the second chapter of Autumn Moon. Again, I do not own The Wolfman just Amelia. Enjoy! Amelia took hold of the reins and patted the shoulder of her midnight colored horse. She stood outside of the bookshop with her mother. She checked her pack before strapping it to her saddle. \"I'll be all right, Mother,\" she insisted, facing her mother and taking her hands in her own. \"I feel I should tell Ben's brother of his death.\" \"You still haven't told me where you're headed, dear,\" her mother said, shaking her head. \"London, Mother. Mr. Talbot is currently there. He's an actor,\" Amelia replied, looking over her shoulder at the approaching man. \"Oh my. Do be careful then, Amelia Marie Madison,\" her mother said, rather sternly. \"I will, ma'am.\" She turned around to she her least favorite person, Peter Connolly. She crossed her arms and simply glared at him. \"When are you ever going to leave me alone ?\" \"When I get tired of seeing such beauty,\" Peter answered in his most pompous way, \"I doubt that will ever happen.\" Amelia rolled her eyes and went into the shop to say her last good-bye to her mother, but Peter followed and stood in front of her. \"And where is the temptress heading to now?\" he asked, staring at his nails like they were the most marvelous things he'd ever seen. \"London. Far, far away from you ,\" she replied, pushing him away, \"Let me through.\" \"Feisty, are we? And may I ask, whatever reason are you heading to London?\" He followed Amelia into the shop as she gathered a few books and stuffed them into another pack. Just as she was going to grab a piece of paper, Peter snatched it and held it 2 feet away from his face. \"Hey! Give that back, Connolly!\" Amelia protested. \"Ah, Lawrence Talbot. Going to see him are we? To tell him about the sad, tragic news of his dear, dear brother. Ha!\" \"I must!\" She snatched the paper back and shoved it into the pack, not caring whether or not it crumpled. She was far too annoyed and angry to care. She shoved by Peter, but he stopped her. \"Why do you care about those Talbots anyway? You should be caring about me really. Falling for me, in fact.\" He drew closer to her, holding her firmly. His hand grasped her chin tightly. \"Having such lust for me.\" He brushed his lips against hers, attempting to kiss her. She jerked her head back and glared at him. \"They are my friends and you must be stupid enough to think I would fall for you or even have lust for you, Connolly.\" \"Why would you be friends with them. They surely are the spawn of that crazy, Gypsy whore . You are higher in the ranks of society.\" He had messed with the wrong person. Amelia swung her hand and her palm made contact with his cheek rather harshly. \"She was not a whore! Peter Connolly, get the hell out of my home!\" she screamed. Peter refused to leave so she shoved him out the door, knocking him to the ground for all the world to see. She stormed back into the shop, arms crossed and her face in a fury. She could never understand why men like him would bother her like that. The reason was clear to all men. She was utterly beautiful (or so I'm told. I would see her as a normal, everyday woman). Men would see her like this because of lust. She was rather beautiful. She had midnight hair of a raven's and sparkling emerald eyes. Her lips looked a dark, soft pink and her skin was almost as pale as snow. She got her eyes from her mother, whom had had gold, sun kissed hair in her day. Amelia had taken the rest of her traits from her father. She had a perfect thin frame and it was no wonder men wanted her. She hated almost all of them. She longed to find more men who had Ben's sense of humor and his kind heart. Oh, how she missed him. She wiped the fresh tears from her cheek and grabbed her pack, rushing into the parlor to say her final goodbyes. She then rushed out and tied her pack to the saddle and climbed onto her horse. She rode by an angry Peter and pretended to pay no attention to him, making sure dust rose up and clouded him. Hope you enjoyed this chappie! Please R&R;! ","Summary":" This is just a story from my imagination in where Lawrence, instead of finding love from Gwen, find"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"The Pleasure of Pain","Author":"Wolfhowls","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7012915","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Pleasure of Pain Disclaimer: All my own work baby! Chapter 1: Introducing Me I'm not good at introductions. I guess I could start with hi? I usually just avoid people, not because I don't like to make friends but to protect them. That's right, I'm not your average teenage girl. Well, lets start with the obvious. My name is Ashlyn Hunter. I'm 17 (Although I look younger because I'm small.) Oh, and I'm a werewolf. It all started on December 24. Not sure what year, I'm forgetful but I was about 11. Anyway, me and my family were out singing charols, not my ideal thing to be doing when it's below freezing. I wanted to stay home, put my feet up with a hot chocolate and a good book but no, we had to go trekking in the snow to sing. So, we finished singing to all the nearby houses and decided to go walking in the forest, to pass the time. I didn't mind though. I was always fascinated by it, the animals and plants. I guess that's just me but whatever. I went quite far into the forest, only because me and my brother were racing. He was only 6 at the time but very fast. I won and waited for him to catch up when a large beast attacked me. It latched it's claws onto my leg and dragged me into the deeper part of the forest. I screamed but the only person who could hear me was my brother and he was still trying to reach me. I kicked the creature but it's claws were very powerful. It clawed my face, waist and legs. I thanked god that it only bit me once but it was extreamly painful. The sharp razor-like teeth sunk into my waist, cutting through flesh and tearing through skin. I cried out in fear as the animal continued to claw me. My brother finally caught up and heard my yells for help. When he saw the monster attacking me, he started to cry. The annoying sound drove it away and into the woods. I was a state. I was covered in blood and very weak. My brother took me back took me out of the trees and raced away to get my parents. They came running and immediently rushed to my side. My mother was crying as my father picked me up and carried me home, holding in his own tears. When I was home, the hospital was called but I didn't dare leave the comforts of my own home. Doctors arrived and picked up traces of similer attacks like my own. My scratchs and bite-marks turned out to either be from a wolf or a bear. Well, no one thought of a werewolf because they don't exsist. I laugh at those words now. You never know, it's not a case of having proof. It's the case of thinking that you just haven't seen it yet. Anyway, after the doctors went, my family made sure I was comfortable and well but all I really wanted to do was sleep. My family thought I was fainting but I ignored their constant efforts to keep me awake and settled into a peaceful rest. The last human moment of my life... When I awoke, I was in such pain that I couldn't even scream. My throat was being blocked with pure fear. My back shifted and my ribs cracked into a new form. Claws grew from my hands and feet as fur enveloped my body. My mouth morphed into a long muzzle, complete with a black nose at the end. My ears became more pointy and rose to the top of my head. My clothes had ripped off by this point as my body grew twice in size. I tried my very hardest to scream as my final transformation took place, my eyes turned from a kind green to a dangerous yellow. I was alone and scared but nothing could change fate. I howled and the house shooked, waking only my brother surprisingly. He rushed into my room and screamed. Soon, he was laying dead by my feet. (Well, paws.) I growled and raced out the house, leaving an evil imprint of my parents. I couldn't help it though, I was created this way. I suppose you think I'm taking this like it's normal. In a casual way but really, it's fun! I like the feel of changing into a wolf, even if it hurts me. I like the taste of blood and I like to kill to get it. I didn't want to kill my brother but that's life. That's my life. The next few days, I found another werewolf. He was kind and helped me through my new life. He had been a werewolf for a while and was also the victim of the werewolf in the forest. His name was Roland. He's like a brother to me. so, that's my life so far. I'm a werewolf, living in the wild with another werewolf and there's so much more danger that faces me. Now, the real question is, are you up to the challenge of following my life? Hope you liked the first chapter! Please review! Wolfhowls :)[Chapter 2] The Pleasure of Pain Disclaimer: I'm gonna stop putting these since I don't need to. XD Chapter 2: The Stranger I woke up with a damp feeling soaking my body. I opened one eye and saw a dead human carcuss laying on me. I winced and pushed the bloody body off me as I sat up. I gasped. Did I really kill this many? I counted the dead humans, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7! I stood up and brushed myself off, noticing dried blood coating my clothes. I sighed and looked around for Roland. Nothing. I shrugged and pounded through the forest, looking for the nearby town. I swung my arms, letting it feel the tree's rough bark. I pricked my fingers on rose thorns and stroked stinging nettles. I brushed my hands past thistles until fresh blood dropped from my hands. I smiled, why did this feel so good? I walked on further, watching the wildlife back away from me, knowing I was a monster. I laughed happily, I was feared. I was mighty. I was a beast. Finally, I reached the town. Cars noisilly drove past, creating putrid gas and smoke. I held my nose to dodge the fumes and ran across the road, ignoring the honks of cars. I could just make out a figure, his broad body and square shoulders showing his differentness. I walked over to him and smiled. \"Hey Roland.\" Roland smiled back and stared at me, \"You do know that you just walked through town covered in blood, right?\" I laughed, \"Yup.\" Roland chuckled, a cheerful grin stretching across his face. \"Lets go get you some clothes.\" The two of them dragged their feet across the pavement when Roland spotted a shop. \"Lets go shop in here.\" I nodded and followed him as we entered the shop. Downstairs was mens clothing and upstairs was ladies clothing so we went in other directions. I found an elevator and peered inside it, to make sure it was empty and stepped inside, forgetting the fact that I was covered in blood. When I exited the lift, my eyes were greeted with multiple colours. Many women were squealing, \"Oh babe, that looks great!\" or \"Whoa honey, buy it! It's gorgeous!\" I ignored the over-reacting females and looked around the shop, trying to avoid eye contact. One lady even had the nerve to call out, \"She's covered in blood! Bet she's murdered someone!\" I glared at the girl and she backed away, trying to pick up another topic of conversation. I turned away from her and scanned the rails, looking for a good outfit. First, a top. I wanted something simple, not too flashy. My eyes soon set upon a dark purple t-shirt with a moon on. I smiled, perfect. Next, some jeans or skirt. I moved my eyes along the clothes and found a short, black, tarten print skirt. Nice. After that, I found a pair of sexy combat boots and a paw print clip that was embedded with indigo and black diamonds. I grabbed a dressing room and yanked the curtain across. I blushed, I was always self-concious about my body. I wasn't fat and I wasn't skinny, the problem was my ghostly pale skin. I would scowl at the beautiful tanned girls and I envied them a lot. I pulled off my bloody, tattered clothes and put on my new ones. I left my dark brown hair hang scruffly down my back but added the clip for a better look. I left the changing rooms and twirled in the mirror. Awesome. I walked towards the lift, ready to go meet Roland when a loud alarm rang through the shop. Great. A bunch of security guards rushed to me, their eyes narrowed. I gasped as one wrestled me to the ground, trapping me to the floor. I pushed him off and glared at them, clensing my fists. \"Get her on the floor!\" called one of them as more grabbed me. I screamed as one stuck a knife into my arm, forcing me to lower to the floor. I refused. I raised my foot, kicking one backwards. Another one charged at me and met my fist as he cried out in pain. Soon, a lot of them had retreated but one still stood. He was sweaty and looked like a pervert. I kept my guard up, keeping my anger tucked away. He walked towards me and caught me in a neck-hold. \"Little girls like you are scum. You make me sick.\" I grunted in pain as his arms tightened around my neck. I gasped for breath as he threw me to the ground. \"Get me some hand-cuffs.\" I coughed on the floor, my vision blurry. I managed to make out a small window, large enough for my slender body to get through. I leapt up and raced to the window and..into a guard. He laughed and showed a bloody knife, the same that had stabbed my arm. I shoved him but he retaliated with the knife sinking deep into the slit in my shoulder blade. I screamed in pain as I felt my blood flow out. I dropped to the floor weakly and held back my tears as I felt a strong hand lift me up. The hand wasn't like the others, it was comforting and gentle. I could tell it belonged to a male because of the firm grip. I dangled in his arms as he ripped the elevator opened and pressed the button. When we arrived on the ground floor, the downstairs guards had already been alerted. The man holding me simply ran off, desperate to keep me safe. I moaned as my shoulder ached, I felt more blood pour out. The figure's strids were calm, jogging more than running. I opened one eye and saw him take me into a small cave. He laid me upon the floor and stroked my forehead, his fingers soft and light. I felt his fingers lift, like he was going to leave me but he didn't. I heard his relaxed breathing, pushing his breath through the air. I wanted to see him but I was too weak, vunrable, powerless. I shifted my hand and felt a warm sensation greet it. The person grasped my hand, tightly like he needed to. Soon, everything went black... I woke up with a fresh feel, I opened my eyes wide and sat up. I winced as my shoulder forced me down to the floor roughly. I peered around the cave and frowned, no one was there. I crawled towards the exit of the cubby cave and looked around, still nothing. I tried to stand but the pain shot through my veins faster, more effectivly. I cried out, tears trickling down my face. Where was I? Who saved me? How will I even move? I covered my head with my hands, deep with so many questions that I sobbed. I heard rain hitting the floor and wished I could feel the soft feeling of the one who saved me. Suddenly, a heard the quiet footsteps of someone. I opened my eyes and saw Roland, his eyes red from crying. \"Ashlyn!\" he called, rushing to me and hugging me. I yelled in pain but disguised it with a cough. \"W-what happened?\" Roland helped me up and looked into my eyes, \"I'll tell you later. Right now, we need to get back to the forest.\" I nodded and limped with Roland, keeping my eyes open for the figure. Again, nothing...[Chapter 3] The Pleasure of Pain Chapter 3: Watched Back in the forest, Roland was acting like my boyfriend. He helped me dress and clean my new clothes in the river nearby. I hid myself, feeling uncomfortable with Roland. Why did he act like this? I got dressed again, tending to my wounds as Roland kissed my cheek. I slapped him and he laughed, thinking I was flirting. I narrowed my eyes. I think he got the message of 'Leave me alone.' I stood up and looked around, feeling a heavy gaze on me when I saw a pair of red eyes glaring at me sharply. I gasped, rushing to them when Roland grabbed my shoulder. \"Stop. I'll look.\" he informed, racing into the forest. I waited when I felt my blood go cold, Roland was screaming. I felt my feet get up automatically and soon, I was running into the dark forest. \"Roland? R-Roland?\" I called, my eyes darting about frantically. \"Roland? Ro-\" I was cut off by a spiked laugh, ringing in my head. I gulped, turning around and seeing a eerily pale boy holding down Roland. Roland was kicking about, his jaw snapping and body shaking. I knew he was going to change... Suddenly, another white figure raced into the scene and knocked the other boy clean off Roland. I bit my lip, my eyes wide as I rushed to Roland. I held him close, closing my eyes tightly as I felt him jerk about with no control. \"Roland, you can d-do this...\" I muttered, welling up when I felt a cold hand clutch my shoulder. I looked up slowly, reconising the firm, tough hold. \"You're the boy who saved me!\" I blurted out and as quick as he appeared, he left. I panted, searching for the other mysterious boy when I felt something yank me away from Roland. I screamed, feeling something cut through my ankle. I saw Roland's claws scraping past it in his effort to protect me when he howled, raising his head to the sky and growling. His body became consumed with fur, his teeth and claws growing more fiece. I watched in fear, his mouth forming into a muzzle and his clothes ripping. Soon, he was standing on all-fours with an evil glint in his eyes. The ghostly boy hissed, flashing two white fangs. I scrambled back, vampire... Roland snarled, lunging at the blood-sucker and biting his neck. The ashen boy bared his own fangs, slipping under the werewolf and sinking his fangs into Roland's back. Roland snapped his teeth, catching the vampire and flinging him into a tree. The new-comer grunted, stumbling to his feet and running off. Roland growled, his teeth bared before his body morphed into a human again. He hid his naked body behind the trees, glancing at me. \"Ashlyn? You alright?\" I nodded in silence, too shocked to speak... Roland made his way back to our clearing, quickly pulling on his jeans and a scruffy hoodie. He moved closer to me, stroking my cheek. \"You sure you're okay?\" I gritted my teeth, \"No, a vampire fighting my friend is a normal thing for me.\" Roland laughed at my sarcasm but sighed when he heard the word 'friend.' \"Anyway, who was that other dude?\" asked Roland. I shrugged, \"Just a guy who helped me the other day. In the shop.\" \"Oh.\" said Roland, standing up. \"Let's get some sleep.\" he suggested. I nodded, curling up and fearing tomorrow. I stood up, seeing the boy who saved me. He gasped, knowing I had seen him and began to run away. I gave chase, \"Hey! Come back!\" I transformed into a wolf, gaining speed and following him when he whipped his head round, exposing his vampire fangs. I screamed, feeling them sink into my wolf-ish neck as I trembled back into my human form. He chuckled evilly as the other pale boy began attacking Roland. \"NO!\" I begged, feeling my world curve into me... I woke up in sweat, the beads trailing down my face. I was panting heavily and soon, Roland was near me. \"Ashlyn, what happened?\" \"N-Nightmare...\" I murmured, realising it was daylight. Roland held my hand, \"You're safe now then.\" I nodded slightly, carefully pulling myself off the floor and leaning against a tree. And as I did this, I swear I could see a pair of red eyes peering at me. I blinked, falling over in surprise but when I looked again, they were gone... ","Summary":" The Pleasure of Pain Disclaimer: All my own work baby! Chapter 1: Introducing Me I'm not good at in"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Iron Lotus","Author":"Jasmine D Howard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11974272","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My Iron Lotus (Chazze's P.O.V about Jimmy during their last performance) By: Jasmine Howard \"I was only one man for Christ sake! What could I do? These thoughts vanished when I looked over at McElroy, not a hint of doubt was there, then again, was there ever?\" I could see the sheer look of determination, electrified and dancing feverishly in his bright unworldly blue eyes. We weren't going to lose today, he'd found the will, that we'd pave the way. Opposites by nature: fire and ice, beauty and the beast, if you will, could suffice. My mind was on the prize and the security hand of my life as my feet left the ice, I needed him more than ever to help us get through the death causing slice. I saw his face first, soft stone contorted in concentration, eyes ablaze with belief in his technique, flawless and unbeaten as of yet, full of hope that his blade wouldn't meet the base of my neck. It could have very well been destiny, a sudden potential tragedy, to give way for him to prove himself worthy as more than just a pastel pretty boy or even a competitor but a thespian of the ice, a conqueror of the sport, a champion, and a king of frozen lore. There was a flash of light, then he reached out and grabbed me in impossibly careful and strong hands, I'd survived the jump that could have my lights out, a triumphed end. \"Damn those twins\" was all I could muster before my head hit the frozen ground and the crowd's cheers turned to thunder. I thought it was over, that I'd died, that princess had killed me (or at least tried.), but instead he lifted me on his angel wing and glided on with effortless grace, the prince of the rink, the solid gold ace. We began this road as individual legends with each his own eye on the gold, just as we were trained to uphold and now we continue onto victory and glory as the unlikely pair of Michaels and McElroy. In the end he was MY hero, delicate only in the glow of his angelic curls, graceful limbs and innocent looks but just as strong and stealth as the ice he dominated, fly forever My iron lotus. ","Summary":" My Iron Lotus (Chazze's P.O.V about Jimmy during their last performance) By: Jasmine Howard \"I was"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Free","Author":"GallifreyenCultOfSkaro","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7715776","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Fire v Ice will be updated in the next few days. I've been away, and stupidly left the laptop with Chapter Two behind. In the meantime, please enjoy my first-ever drabble! Even as he drove away, Jimmy couldn't bring himself to be angry. To hate him. He wanted to; he really, really wanted to. He wanted to be upset, but he couldn't do that, either. Around him, all was new and fresh. The snow on the ground, the air around him, it all had a new taste, a new feel. It was as though he were a child again, experiencing it all for the first time, taking the world in. All he felt was overwhelming happiness. For the first time since he was handed over to Darren MacElroy, he was free. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Fire v Ice will be updated in the next few days. I've been away, and stupidly left t"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Jimmy and Chazz are the Smooth Figure Skaters","Author":"RogueSquirrel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6352662","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Golden hair, light blue eyes When Jimmy moves his hot body it's sheer paradise Brunette Hair, and luscious lips Young Chazz has got a sexy bod and delicious hips When they're on the ice rink, they start to dance, Their movements are so energetic, These men are the symbols of fun and romance! Jimmy and Chazz Are the Smooth figure skaters Smooth figure skaters Smooth figure skaters Smooth figure skaters Mighty peacock and sexy cowboy, I delcare! Fire and ice and two techno-hotties, what a pair! One's a real shy, sheltered man To be the biggest skater is his master plan The other's a brash, sex-hungry boy. Who enjoys skating and buying sex toys He brings to th ice rink real sexual joy! Jimmy and Chazz Are the Smooth figure skaters Smooth figure skaters Smooth figure skaters Smooth figure skaters Mighty peacock and sexy cowboy, I declare! Fire and ice and two techno-hotties, what a pair! Smooth figure skaters Smooth figure skaters Smooth figure skaters Smooth figure skaters Smooth figure skaters... ","Summary":" Golden hair, light blue eyes When Jimmy moves his hot body it's sheer paradise Brunette Hair, and l"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Something More","Author":"XenaFox","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6272005","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jimmy sighed as he sat in the passenger seat of the car, settling in with his hair crunched against the headrest. He was absolutely exhausted, and couldn't wait to get home. Lucky for him, he didn't have to drive, and after a few seconds Chazz sat down in the driver's seat. Jimmy didn't know how he still had the energy. The drive back would be at least an hour, and the press conference had been pretty long. Unfortunately for Jimmy and Chazz, they had pretty much been the center of it; the reporters only focused on their reactions to Fairchild possibly on her way out of jail. Chazz didn't really care, and Jimmy was just annoyed, but by the end they felt overworked and tired. \"Gonna make it?\" Chazz asked as he messed with the radio. Jimmy groaned and nodded. \"Yea, I guess. I'm tired.\" \"I'll drive fast!\" Jimmy made a face. \"Drive careful. I'd rather be dead tired than dead.\" Chazz just laughed, starting the car. \"All right. So that was dumb.\" \"Yea, it was. I wish we didn't have to come out here. But…how are you doing?\" Chazz shrugged. \"Fine? As usual.\" \"Oh.\" \"Why?\" \"Well, because I dodged the question again,\" Jimmy said, biting his lip. As usual, the two men had been asked about their relationship, and the subject of homosexuality came up. And of course, Jimmy was always the one most pressed for an answer. Chazz was good at ignoring it or making a sexual comment that made no sense and allowed him to get away while the reporters scratched their heads. But Jimmy was a little more unfortunate. \"I know you did,\" Chazz replied, driving slowly. There was some traffic leaving Denver, as usual. \"It didn't have any place! I mean, it was all about Fairchild, and what her plans are – she can't skate again, but it…and then they asked me about Katie, and why we were no longer together and…what does being gay have to do with Fairchild!\" Jimmy was talking all too quickly, because he felt a little guilty. The truth was, Jimmy and Chazz had been together for months. It had all happened sort of quickly, and it was confusing, and it hurt like hell at first, when Jimmy wanted Chazz so, so badly. He had thought there was no chance. But somehow, as luck would have it, Chazz was the one to start the actual advances, and Jimmy would never forget those fuzzy happy memories. It was the little things, like Chazz telling him how good he looked, Chazz touching him when he didn't need to, Chazz telling him there was something he wanted but thought he could never have… It made Jimmy grin. And as he thought about it in the shiny new silver Honda they drove, that very grin spread over his features. After that sudden start they got, things had gradually smoothed out. It was strange to get used to a relationship – ANY relationship, for Jimmy. And then, he had to deal with the fact he was gay. Even though Chazz told him 'fuck normal, this is normal', Jimmy still worried about how he was to act, and what he should pay attention to. It couldn't be completely normal, he figured, since people held parades and support groups for being gay. As far as his PERSONAL feelings, nothing seemed different, or weird. Sex with Chazz felt as natural as breathing…sometimes. Though any awkwardness was less due to being gay and more due to the fact it was Chazz and he was a little 'creative' in bed. Along that train of thought there was Chazz himself…existing alongside him as a person was a whole different deal when he was with him as a lover. That knowledge contributed to Jimmy's nerves in the car. He never announced they were gay, and didn't answer questions, where Chazz liked to be loud and open about his sex life. Jimmy hoped maybe something changed when they got together, and maybe that was why Chazz didn't give him a hard time. \"I know! I know dude, chill,\" Chazz finally said. Or maybe he had said it quickly…Jimmy wasn't sure how long he'd been lost in his thoughts. \"Don't know why the hell they're asking about the gay thing AGAIN when I'm sitting over there talking about her legs anyway.\" Jimmy shrugged, finally accepting the obvious - again. \"I'm the one who always came off as gay. Of course they're going to hound me, I guess. I just thought that it would be different today.\" \"Why would you think that?\" \"Don't know,\" Jimmy answered awkwardly. \"We should come out though.\" \"Why?\" Jimmy asked, looking at Chazz sharply. It wasn't the first time Chazz had suggested it, and Jimmy knew the answer. \"I want everyone to know. We shouldn't have to hide shit. Instead we should just be ourselves and if they don't like it, they can fuck off.\" It made sense, but Jimmy had other worries at the back of his mind. He didn't voice them, as usual. He just nodded and dropped it. His reasons were stupid anyway. Usually Jimmy was able to get out of that mindset and go back to enjoying his relationship, without worrying about what everyone else knew and thought. When he got home at night and Chazz would come up behind him, hugging him and kissing his neck, THAT was what mattered. When they got out on the ice and performed perfect spins and throws, THAT was what mattered. Spending a load of money on a rare teddy bear…well that didn't exactly matter, but it was still more fulfilling than sitting there freaking out over how and if they should out themselves. But somehow, that night, he couldn't shake his thoughts. There would be more press conferences, more questions, and always, the fanmail that constantly asked him if he was gay. The thing was, Jimmy was not afraid to come out. He didn't fear being beaten, hated, disowned (that had already happened…) or anything else. He was afraid of how people would see him. Would they like him because he was a fantastic, gold medal winning athlete? Or would they like him because he was a GAY, fantastic, gold medal winning athlete? His sexuality was a part of him, but so was everything he strived for, and all that had come from his past. He wanted to be known for how talented he was, how good he was with his fans, how he had come from being a boy disowned for his inability to keep his cool to a beloved symbol of pairs skating. Jimmy knew how some fans, how some people were. They found the sexuality so much more important, like it mattered more than someone's personality. It was as if a gay person was a novelty, and Jimmy didn't like being objectified like that. He certainly didn't like parts of his life stripped away for who he liked to be naked with. And maybe Chazz would understand that. But Chazz didn't care who judged them and how. If Chazz knew he was being seen as a sexy gay guy instead of just a sexy guy, he would shrug, smile, and not give a damn because at least somewhere in that mix they were still finding him sexy. So Jimmy figured it was a dead end. Chazz's lips found Jimmy's as he crawled on top of him, Jimmy pressed to the bed and unable to fight him off even if he wanted to. Everything Chazz did was sexy, and Jimmy was powerless when Chazz stripped them both and rubbed up against him in their large, soft bed. Chazz was kissing a line down Jimmy's body, blowing on his stomach to make Jimmy giggle. But Jimmy's mind was still somewhere else, when there was no longer pressure from Chazz between his legs he found it easy to focus on his problem again. He didn't laugh when he felt Chazz's breath and instead he squirmed, as if to get away from it. \"…Jimmy?\" The moment he heard Chazz's voice, deep and rumbling, Jimmy felt bad. He wasn't paying attention to the foreplay, something that was very important to Chazz. \"Yes! Sorry! Hee hee!\" He regretted the overcompensation the moment it left his mouth. Chazz made a face, and rolled off him, landing on his back. He sighed, and didn't say anything. Jimmy frowned and knew he had made a bad move. \"Chazz? I'm sorry. I just keep worrying.\" \"Yup.\" \"Really. You know I usually…that you usually…have me on my hands and knees by now,\" he said with a gulp, turning red. Jimmy was still not used to talking about sex so freely. \"I'd have you sweaty and begging, yes,\" Chazz said dryly, pulling the red blanket up as if he was just going to go to sleep. \"It's just…it's just that I'm really worried about something.\" \"Uh huh. Have fun with that.\" Jimmy narrowed his eyes, scowling at Chazz. \"Oh. So you'll only listen to me when I have sex with you. Fine, then,\" he said, tears stinging his eyes as he looked up at the ceiling. With a second sigh, Chazz rolled over and kissed Jimmy's shoulder, putting an arm over him. \"Um, fuck – I mean sorry. I just don't like blue balls. S'up?\" \"It's about coming out…\" \"Again?\" Chazz pressed against him and kissed Jimmy's cheek. \"Why you worrying about that?\" \"Well you want to come out, don't you?\" \"Yea…I want people to know this stuff,\" he said. \"Dude, I want people to know I'm the one spanking your hot ass day in and day out. Speaking of in and out, I want them to know –\" \"Chazz!\" Jimmy scolded. \"That's why you want to come out?\" he asked, boggling. Lazily, Chazz rubbed Jimmy's nipple, not throwing a tantrum when Jimmy swatted him away. \"Nah. Well in a sense. I'm proud to be yours, Jimmy. I want to brag about it. I hope you do too.\" Jimmy felt dumb. And he felt like a complete ass. \"Oh Chazz…\" He hadn't realized it was like that. He knew Chazz loved him, he told him all the time and never held back from showing him, in various ways (mostly physical). And he knew on some level that Chazz was proud, but the more he thought about it, the more it seemed obvious. He counted himself as extremely lucky, and once the label of gay fell away, he wanted everyone to know what a wonderful partner he had. \"Aw man. I feel like such a douche. Of course.\" He rolled on his side to face Chazz, taking his hand and bringing it up to his lips. \"I'm sorry.\" Chazz laughed in that way he normally did when he thought Jimmy was being silly. \"It's cool. I mean, what were you supposed to think? I normally think with my dick, so…\" \"You think with your heart, you just don't like to admit it,\" Jimmy said, poking Chazz's bare hairy chest. Chazz looked at him, and then looked down, and Jimmy knew he made Chazz feel a little shy. He knew he got to him, and it made him feel good. It wasn't that he liked to embarrass Chazz, just that he knew he was the only one who could do it. He was the only one in the world who had Chazz at his side at that moment…it was something special and maybe he did understand what Chazz was getting at. Jimmy decided that for the moment, he could push it aside. Chazz hadn't done anything, and hadn't acted like he really wanted to make an announcement, exactly, he probably just wanted to stop ignoring the questions. And Jimmy felt loved. The more he understood Chazz's motives behind certain actions, the more he loved him, if possible. He stroked Chazz's face and traced his arm, his side, down to his hip. He let his palm slide over to Chazz's ass, and tried to force him closer. \"Want to get back to what we were doing?\" \"You mean who I was doing,\" Chazz said, kissing him on the lips again. He rolled back over and on top of Jimmy and they went back into their nightly routine. Jimmy was able to push the issue out of his head for a couple of days. That is, it didn't come up. They went to the rink for practice, came home to their new apartment, ate, hung out, had sex, and that was all. Jimmy was enjoying life. And then, he caught Chazz writing back to someone, probably a fan. He found the letter half written when Chazz got up for the bathroom. Jimmy had sat down at the desk they shared in their room and he was looking for the phonebook when he glanced at the paper Chazz was writing on. The words made him freeze. 'Yea, I like men. What of it? Sure I've had sex with Jimmy. Keep it on the down-low dude. He's my boyfriend. So…' Jimmy didn't read the rest of it. He immediately started fuming. Chazz came back to the room and saw Jimmy. \"Hey! What do you want…for…uh oh…\" he said, and it was clear he knew Jimmy was pissed. \"CHAZZ! Who are you writing to? Why are you telling them we had sex! I told you I don't want to come out!\" Chazz watched him carefully, and closed the bedroom door behind him even though they were the only ones who lived there. \"Hey, listen, before you lose your pretty head…\" \"God Chazz! I told you my feelings about this stuff! Now who ever you're writing to will just think of me as not your ice skating partner but just your gay…guy…friend…\" He was running out of steam, because he didn't know how to put it. But Chazz knew his feelings! \"Who're you writing to?\" he asked, trying to change tactics. \"Cousin. Calm down Jimmy. My cousin knows I'm into dudes, and he doesn't tell people shit if I ask him not to.\" \"But you know how I feel! Come on Chazz, even telling one person is bad!\" \"No it's not! Come on! I don't want to keep us a secret for forever! And I bet a lot of people already know!\" Jimmy stared more, and then hugged himself as he sat in the chair. \"You should have asked. You could have asked. Or told me.\" \"Yea, okay, I don't think I need permission to write to the only family I communicate with. What's the matter with you?\" \"I told you…!\" \"Yea. But it's not the normal things gay guys are afraid of. Jimmy, people probably already think…KNOW you're gay. Hell I thought you were gay ever since I saw you and had a sex dream about you.\" \"But…\" \"Dude, aside from my cousin, I'm not gonna out you. I'll ignore the interviews as long as you want, and I'm not going to volunteer shit, but maybe you should think about this more. I get your reasons. Sometimes I wish I was known for more than the sex god thing…\" Chazz said nervously, and sat on the edge of the bed. He looked like he felt completely out of place. And that made sense, because he sure as hell surprised Jimmy by admitting that. \"Wha-what? But that's your favorite…um…thing! The sex appeal angle, I mean!\" \"And that's what they'll always know me for. Like, they talk about how I work with leather, and other stuff like when I was in jail, but…\" Chazz made a motion with his hand. \"But when people hear my name all they think is 'oh yea, that guy likes to stick his dick in everything'. No one will ever see what you see…\" He shrugged, and smiled. \"Sometimes it bothers me, but its okay. I want to brag about ya Jimmy…but I don't ever want anyone to totally understand us. So even though it can bother me, I don't care that they already have us associated with some label. See?\" \"No…\" \"We're always gonna be labeled, and who the fuck cares? Cause we have more going on than that, and it's too bad for them that they don't see it.\" \"It won't do anyone any good…\" \"What!\" Chazz boggled at him. \"Jimmy, you know that the LGBT community is…kind of huge, right? And there are people-\" \"LGWhat?\" Jimmy asked, confused. \"LGBT. Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transsexual,\" Chazz said, as if it was common knowledge. It probably was. \"We could actually do a lot of good for people…there are people terrified to come out because someone would hurt them. I know. I used to sleep with them. And all they need is…someone like us to show that it's okay, and we're proud, and that we're going to do what we want to do regardless. I know we've already done that in a way, just by fighting the bad press when we did our first routine.\" Chazz made sense, but still - it was a little hard to understand. Jimmy paused, and thought about it for a long time. They could help others just by being out? But… \"I don't…want us outed,\" Jimmy finally said weakly, knowing he sounded pathetic. Chazz glared, and walked over. He picked up the letter he had been writing, and ripped it in half to Jimmy's surprise. \"Happy!\" he asked with a growl, before turning away and stomping out of the room. Jimmy sighed and buried his face in his hands. He wasn't happy. He felt horrible. As usual, Chazz forgave him. He always forgave him, which sometimes confused the hell out of Jimmy. Once in a while it was hard to wrap his head around the fact that Chazz had pretty much buried their rivalry, and was trying to do better by swallowing his pride whenever he and Jimmy had an argument. That night, Chazz brought Jimmy a big cup of cocoa before bed, and Jimmy awkwardly smiled and thanked him. He wasn't sure how to feel. Chazz could push past some of his biggest issues for the sake of their relationship, so why couldn't he? Again, they fell into their routine over the next few days, but Jimmy still felt bad. He was aware he had to deal with it in some large way, because the issue that popped up and bothered him every once in a while before had become a constant nag at his brain. When he looked at Chazz, he felt bad. He kept avoiding it though, until one day it became clear he just couldn't keep pretending. He was with Chazz as they went to pick up some food. Chazz whined about grocery shopping; for one reason or another he felt that since they were rich and famous they shouldn't have to do it and should have a food-butler. Jimmy had to explain for the hundredth time that there was no such thing as a food-butler, and got Chazz out the door. It was true they could probably pay someone to shop for them…but that reminded Jimmy far too much of his previous life with his dad. No, he was perfectly fine doing things on his own. If there was one thing Coach AND Chazz had made clear, it was that he had to stop whining and grow up. They were making their way down the bread aisle when Jimmy heard someone let loose with a scream to end all screams. Chazz winced and looked around for the source of the painful sound while Jimmy was able to make out a couple of women running towards them, their eyes open wide and their arms out like they expected hugs. Both had dyed blonde hair, one was wearing a nice blue skirt and sandals, the other ripped up jeans and some punk rock t-shirt. \"Watch out,\" Jimmy said quietly, stepping closer to Chazz. It wasn't like there was anything he needed Chazz to protect him against, but it made him feel better. \"OH MY GAAAWD IT'S JIMMY AND CHAZZ!\" shouted Skirt. \"OH MY GOD OH MY GOD AND I DON'T HAVE ANYTHING TO SIGN!\" screamed Punk. \"Er, hi ladies…\" Jimmy said, waving, which caused them both to shriek even more. \"Oh man. Babes, I gotta ask you to chill, you're killing my ear drums,\" Chazz finally said, giving them that winning smile. This caused them to jump up and down silently, looking like they were going to burst. Skirt opened her mouth, but then all she did was turn back to Punk and jump up and down more. Jimmy and Chazz shared a glance. Then Chazz, acting quickly, took the boxes of macaroni and cheese he grabbed out of the shopping cart. \"Either of you got a pen? I was going to buy these, but you can have them.\" \"YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY!\" They both shouted, and Skirt looked like she was going to pass out. Punk quickly reached in her purse and pulled out a red pen, which she threw at Jimmy and Chazz. Jimmy was the one to catch it, and he took a box from Chazz. \"I'll start this one, then pass it to you Chazz…so who are we making these out to?\" he asked, knowing he could be a lot friendlier but frankly, he was annoyed. \"Oh…oh my God….I'm DANIELLE!\" shouted Skirt. \"And I'm ROBIN!\" said Punk. Jimmy nodded. \"Dear Danielle,\" he said, before going silent and holding the pen over the box as he tried to think of a message. The red ink didn't show up well, but anything to get rid of them! He used to be such a crowd pleaser, too… As he was signing, Robin spoke up. \"So, Chazz, you seeing anyone?\" she said stupidly, her voice at such a tone that she was obviously trying to be seductive. \"Oh…\" Chazz paused. \"Um…yes, yes I am. Seeing someone pretty awesome, in fact.\" Jimmy froze. \"OH MY GOD! WHO?\" \"Oh, just someone really hot.\" Jimmy hurried and passed the box to Chazz before it could get uncomfortable. That's when Danielle turned her attention to him. \"So what about you Jimmy?\" she asked with a giggle. \"Are you still single? Still off with Katie van Waldenburg.\" \"Um, yea.\" \"So you're not seeing anyone?\" \"No, not right now.\" He felt bad the minute he said it. He could have used the same tactic Chazz did, obviously keeping their private lives to themselves, but he hadn't thought as fast. Instead he denied their relationship, and he was sure he caught a brief pause from Chazz as he said it. \"Oh really…?\" She stepped closer to him. \"Yea, really. But you know, it's good because I'm focusing on skating and it's hard for me to find time for someone like-like Chazz does,\" he said, hoping that would hold. He started on the next box, trying to hurry. \"But you're already so good Jimmy! You deserve love from a pretty girl!\" \"I'm fine,\" Jimmy said stiffly, passing the box on. Chazz finished signing it and handed both boxes back, one for each woman. They both screamed again, and Jimmy started edging away. \"Thanks for stopping by ladies. Now MacElroy and I, we gotta finish getting dinner. Stay sexy, all right?\" Chazz winked at them, and they screamed yet again as the two men turned to push their cart away. They hurried to the aisle with macaroni and cheese to replace their two boxes, and then rushed the rest of their list, avoiding an aisle whenever they saw the two fangirls. Normally it might have been fun, like a game, but Jimmy could tell Chazz was upset. REALLY, upset. He wasn't saying anything at all to Jimmy, and the silence was uncomfortable. Jimmy looked at him a couple of times but Chazz's lips were drawn in a tight, thin line and he was clearly pissed. They rushed through shopping, checkout, and one awkward car ride home. Jimmy didn't want to try and apologize until they were comfortable. So he tried that night, after he put things away. Chazz sometimes helped with putting groceries away, but that evening he had just stomped off and slammed the bedroom door. When Jimmy went to find him, he felt sick to his stomach. Why did relationships have to be so hard? \"Chazz?\" he asked quietly, pushing the door open very gently. Chazz was laying on top of the bed and Jimmy knew he wasn't asleep. He was probably too pissed to do anything else. Chazz used to get like that before they were dating. \"Chazz, I'm sorry.\" \"You could have said you were dating someone cool. Or said you had your eyes on someone, OR not answered at all, and instead you fucking denied you were even in a relationship,\" Chazz said immediately, practically snarling. He sat up. \"What the fuck is wrong with you?\" \"I…\" \"You're so afraid of now being seen the 'right way' that you denied me altogether?\" \"Well that's not what I meant to do! I just thought-\" \"You didn't think SHIT MacElroy.\" Chazz crossed his arms. \"You're too scared to think. You're so damn worried about your public image that you're acting like an asshole.\" \"I'm not trying to! I just…I know it was bad! I'm sorry!\" What could he do other than apologize? Part of his mind told him to yell at Chazz, to make it his fault somehow. And he supposed maybe it was, because Chazz was upset about the whole thing and thus making it a situation, but Jimmy knew that was a lame excuse. Chazz glared more. \"Sorry doesn't mean shit when I know you'll just do it again,\" he said, standing up. \"I'm sleeping on the damn couch.\" \"Whyyy?\" Jimmy whined, his stomach hurting more. He didn't want to admit it, but he was scared. He had messed up so badly years ago that his dad disowned him, and even though Jimmy knew that a normal person didn't just disown their son like that, he was still afraid Chazz would leave too and want nothing to do with him because he acted like such an insecure little kid when it came to other's opinions. What could he say, though? He didn't try as hard as he used to, the grocery store being an example of that, but he still sort of was a crowd pleaser. \"I'm not sleeping with someone who pretends I'm not there,\" Chazz said, getting up off the bed. He walked up to Jimmy, who was still standing in the doorway. \"Move.\" Jimmy stared back at Chazz, hoping maybe just by how close they were to each other that somehow Chazz would melt as usual and not be able to stay mad. It didn't work, and Chazz roughly banged into his shoulder as he shoved Jimmy to the side and walked out of the room. That night was easily one of the worst nights Jimmy had ever known. It was even worse than when he was disowned by his father, when he went to a hotel and stayed there feeling empty and like he had nothing to look forward to. It was harder knowing Chazz was right there in the other room; he was still in the apartment but Jimmy had managed to hurt him so bad that he didn't even want to be in the same airspace. What if Chazz realized he liked sleeping alone, after not having done it in months? Hell, the first night they admitted their feelings for each other, Chazz was squeezing into Jimmy's bunk. What if he found, sleeping alone was nice again, and that Jimmy was just dead weight? Jimmy liked the feel of Chazz's body next to him. It was a comforting presence, warm when he was cold, soft when he wanted to rest his head on him, and always there to hold. Without him…Jimmy didn't really sleep. He had to think hard about his choices. Was being loved for being gay really the worst thing in the world? He really hated it, because he wanted to be more than that. He WAS more than that. He knew that, and Chazz knew that, and Coach knew that, and…and a handful of others. 'But what will everyone else think?' Jimmy scowled at himself. That was the kind of thought that he had learned should have vanished somewhere after high school. Besides, he was famous. He'd made it. That was a worry for people who thought they'd always go through like with a pathetic reputation, wasn't it? Maybe he should just come out… But, he also knew it was wrong to make a huge decision he wasn't ready for. He didn't want to hurt Chazz, and he didn't want to hurt himself. Would he be hurting himself? The more Jimmy thought about it, the more he realized that even though he might be annoyed, upset by what people thought…he might be able to do a lot of good. Aside from giving Chazz some more faith in it, he thought about the type of people who might like him BECAUSE he was gay – they might be others who were gay, or lesbian, or trapped in some sort of sexual identity cycle. Someone in the media who was gay was like a step forward. Jimmy didn't understand how just their existence could be a positive thing, it was hard to gather that they were good even when they didn't do anything… What if they did do something? The LGBT or whatever it was had those parades…They could jump in. Jimmy loved to dress up and those things did look kind of fun. He was sure there were events and other things, there were support groups for everything out there. Thinking about it all gave Jimmy a headache. He didn't know why being gay was so strange to others anyway. He didn't think of straight people as strange, they were just straight. Nothing made sense….Jimmy reached out instinctively for Chazz's warm body and actually gasped when his hand landed on an empty space of bed. No Chazz to comfort him, and so he was rather forced to go over his thoughts again. It was going to be a long night. Jimmy found Chazz the next morning, sitting at the table and sleeping with his head on his arms and a empty bowl in front of him, next to a box of some sort of fruity cereal – HIS fruity cereal! Jimmy sighed. It wasn't the first time he found Chazz asleep after eating breakfast. He walked over to him and touched his back, trying to wake him. \"Hey…hey, Chazz.\" Chazz groaned and started to blink awake slowly. \"Hmmm?\" \"You fell asleep out here…\" \"Oh…yea.\" Chazz picked up his head and looked at Jimmy, obviously still coming to. He didn't say anything more, and Jimmy could feel that familiar awkwardness between them. \"So I see you had breakfast…\" \"I'm still hungry,\" Chazz said stiffly, shoving the bowl away. Jimmy knew what he had to do then. He'd thought about it so much. He had needed to find a compromise, and he was going to act on his decision, so he wouldn't lose Chazz in the future. \"Let's go out to breakfast. You and I. And…and we can call it a date. And if anyone asks what we're doing, we're going to tell them we're on a date.\" \"…Huh?\" \"Yea, stupid, huh…I know I can't just fix it, but I can start?\" \"Jimmy…\" \"I'm really sorry Chazz. I couldn't sleep the whole night, because I missed you. I mean, I fell asleep the last hour, but for the most part…\" \"Same here.\" Chazz poked at the bowl. I didn't fall asleep until I sat down here and got really upset. I was going to punch a hole in the wall, but then I remembered you don't like that.\" A smile tugged at Jimmy's lips. \"Yea…thanks for not doing that. So what do you say Chazz? Can we start making it better?\" \"Making what better?\" \"Us. I mean I really damaged it all, didn't I?\" Chazz laughed. \"No, no. I mean, I was upset, but…aw shit Jimmy, I'm not going anywhere. You have me by the balls, and occasionally the penis.\" \"Gee, not by the heart?\" Jimmy asked, making a face. Chazz just grinned for an answer. Then he stood from his chair, embracing Jimmy. He kissed him on the lips, then the cheek, and then the neck. \"You worry too much. I'm never gonna leave you, even if you try to kick me out and hang my underwear from the trees outside.\" \"Your under…what? Why would I do that?\" \"Break-up procedure,\" Chazz answered. Jimmy felt his stomach hurt again and he clung onto Chazz as if he was going to vanish. \"No,\" he said. Chazz laughed again. \"Alright. Let's get ready. And does this…\" he turned his head so he spoke right in Jimmy's ear. \"Does this go past this morning? If anyone asks, we can answer?\" Jimmy took a deep breath, inhaling Chazz's scent. He missed it. \"Yes. Yes we can. Look, I still don't want to make a point of announcing it, but we can answer truthfully, and if they want to make a big deal out of it then they can. And we'll just…go with the flow. Right?\" Chazz sighed, backed off, and beamed at him. \"Sounds good to me. How much do I get to tell them about the sex?\" \"Chazz!\" Jimmy shoved him off, looking mad at first. He couldn't keep it up and in the next moment he was hugging Chazz again. That morning, no one asked them what they were doing, but Jimmy wondered if it was obvious anyway. He sat across from Chazz but he had his hand, his arm, and at one point, Chazz fed him ice cream from a spoon. He actually decorated Jimmy's face, but it was a sweet gesture. At first Jimmy worried about the eyes on them…but the more fun he had, the less he cared. They went out the next day, and the one after that and it wasn't long before someone asked them who they were seeing. When they answered each other, the fan just squealed and went back to the normal routine of asking for an autograph. At least a week after, Jimmy found a magazine with a photo of him and Chazz on the cover, with the headline \"The real, GAY reason they're so synchronized!\" At first he had to swallow and find a way not to freak out, not to yell at someone that the synchronization came from years of perfect practice – but then Chazz touched his hair and put his arm around him, and Jimmy realized he really didn't care. Let them gossip – it didn't matter anymore. ","Summary":" Jimmy sighed as he sat in the passenger seat of the car, settling in with his hair crunched against"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"The lady killer","Author":"McCoysGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8302852","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The rain fell frigidly outside, the only sound that could be heard was the ticking of the clock that sat upon Jimmy Macelroys nightstand. Jimmy lay awake, many thoughts waying down his mind. He could still here the soft snores comming from Chazz who was also in bed a few feet away from Jimmy. 'Why must he be such a lady killer?' Jimmy silently asked himself as he peered over at the sleeping form of Chazz. After a few minutes of silence Jimmy sighed pushed the sheets away from him and clammered out of bed. He snuck passed Chazz and slowly made his way into the bathroom. He felt like he could breath again after he closed and locked the bathroom door with a 'click'. \"Stupid Chazz,\" Jimmy muttered under his breath turning on the cold water in the sink before running his hands under it. He splashed a bit of water into his face hoping it would help clear his thoughts. But of course it only helped in making him feel wet and cold. He snarled to himself turning off the water and heading back to bed. \"What are you doing Jimmy?\" Chazz's drowzy voice floated over to him as he closed the bathroom door. \"None of your bissnuise,\" Jimmy said a bit to harshly as he clambered back into bed. \"Well god, i was just asking,\" Muttered Chazz throwing the covers off of himself and heading into the bathroom. 'Asshole' Jimmy thought to himself snuggling deep into the blankets before closing his eyes and trying to sleep. Thats when he felt the bed dip... \"C-Chazz?\" Jimmy stuttered turning to stare at his best friend in confusion. \"I know somethings on your mind Jimmy,\" Chazz stated plainly moving closer to him with each word. \"T-theres n-nothing on my m-mind,\" Jimmy lied trying to conceal the blush that was heating up his pale cheeks, as he sat up and leaned away from Chazz. \"Stop lying to me Jimmy,\" Chazz snarled his lips inches from Jimmy's. It took all the courage Jimmy had to close the gap between them. Chazz stiffened startled, before he relaxed and deepend the kiss. Chazz slid his hand to the small of Jimmy's back and put the other hand on the back of Jimmy's neck, before he slowly laid Jimmy down without breaking the kiss. \"Wow tiger,\" Chazz teased with a breathless smirk as he pulled away slightly from the kiss. Jimmy just chuckled and pulled Chazz into another kiss. 'I guess Chazz isnt such an ass after all,\" Thought Jimmy before he lost himself in Chazz's lips. Hope you guys like my short story! Tell me if I should write more like these :). ","Summary":" The rain fell frigidly outside, the only sound that could be heard was the ticking of the clock tha"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Frozen Phoenix","Author":"Jasmine D Howard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11974316","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Frozen Phoenix (Jimmy's during him and Chazze's last performance) \"Beautiful, elegant, with text book precision and execution, not sex on ice, not fierce or for lack of a better word \"wild\" like my ex rival, what was he DOING?, We had NOT practiced this…but for Katy, I'll damn well try.\" Beautiful. Elegant with textbook precision, that's what I'd always been to the public eye or least by media definition. I had unseen muscle and ridges eclipsed by skin hugging attire, glitter and rhinestones, much to the amusement of my rivaling burning ego. The \"hatred\" was but a mere façade to display for show, to hide the want and desire for this man's skillfully crafted fire! He was no swan and as a master, a far cry but for goodness sake, he'd never need a pinch of glitter to get by. He didn't need a show or even to perform, just to be himself left the place in a swarm. Now as his partner, it was time to shine and relive the dream that was once his own and mine. He took me by surprise and gave me that chance, not to frolic or parade but to come alive and dance! I was terrified, I admit but my protests meant nothing. It was what I needed, so I dropped the prissy poise not even a second when… BEHOLD! There he was!, Jimmy McElroy, performing in ways he had never dreamed before, that got the crowd to its feet crying out for more. He granted me that time, to be awesome, to be great, but who knew that being as good as your last performance could be such a handful (literally… Chazz is fat) I lived on the ice for the first time in all the triple axels and spins I'd done in my life. He gave me the passion I needed, the beat in my frozen heart, the missing thrill and needed hype, to bring down the house and burn up the ice! ","Summary":" Frozen Phoenix (Jimmy's during him and Chazze's last performance) \"Beautiful, elegant, with text b"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Capture the Dream","Author":"RogueSquirrel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6349746","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ficlet for alessa0_0's 2nd fanart... This is my first fan, guys...be forewarned it's a little short... Out on the ice rink in Montreal, Jimmy, now donned in his mighty peacock suit, was skating around forlornly. He was extremely nervous about the 2009 United States Figure Skating Championship. Two years ago, he and Chazz have won the golden medals due their intricate choreography and hard work and despite the dastardly attempts of Stranz and Fairchild to turn one against the other. He remembered the time they tried to make Chazz and Katie doublecross him and how they had hurt Chazz's ankle. Now, since the wicked brother-and-sister-duo were going to reappear in the championship, he wondered whether or not the arduous work was worth the anxiety. What am I doing here? Jimmy asked himself. I want to prove myself to everyone who still love me, including Katie, Jesse, and the Coach. But seeing's how as Stranz and Fairchild are going to be at the championships, too, who knows what they have up their sleeve? Soon, as Jimmy skated to a wall and pounded his head against it, a voice said: \"Hey, brotherman, are you going to practice for tomorrow, or are you going to pretend like you're some friggin' woodpecker?\" It was Chazz Michael Michaels. He was dressed in his incredible cowboy costume. Jimmy skated away. \"Why don't you leave me alone, Chazz?\" he whimpered. Chazz was surprised by Jimmy's current attitude. Surely, it couldn't have been the bashful, flighty, and fun-loving gentleman he had known for all these years. This had to be a new person, because Jimmy would usually greet him with an exhausted-sounding, \"Hey, Chazz.\" Deciding to see what was wrong, Chazz asked, \"Oh, let me guess. You and Katie have broken up. That's why you are acting like some whiny 15-year old girl. No,\" he amended his sentence. \"That's not unusual. That's why Coach always make you as the lady.\" \"You know what, Mr. Know-It-All,\" Jimmy's face turned angry. \"it's no fault of mine that I have this beautiful body.\" \"If you call looking like a a curly-headed she-man 'beautiful,' \" Chazz rolled his eyes. \"Would you rather I look like a pregnant whale like you?\" grumped Jimmy. \"Always overeating?\" \"Hey, fat is the new skinny, Peter Pan,\" debated Chazz. At this remark, Jimmy stared at Chazz in askance, wondering whether why Chazz was always saying things that made absolutely no sense. \"Hey,\" Chazz said, \"I don't know why we're wolfing at each other nohow.\" Then as his face took on a serious glance, he asked, \"But, peacock man, seriously, what's got your feathers ruffled?\" Then, as he was given another resentful look, Chazz uttered, \"No pun intended.\" Sighing in resignation, Jimmy replied. \" I was thinking about the championships, Chazz. In case you haven't noticed Stranz and Fairchild are going to be there, too. This whole thing is killing me! Ever since the last time Stranz and Fairchild had intervened in the last tournament, I've been losing my nerve. I couldn't bear it if you got hurt again, or our friendship had been stripped away, on account of their greed and stupidity! I almost don't know if I can go through with this. I mean, why did we agree with this anyhow?\" Chazz was shocked. Now he knew he was talking to another man. This is coming out of the man whose motto was, \"If You Can Dream It, You Can Do It.\" He didn't know how to answer him, but seeing Jimmy in the desolate situation, he knew he had to do something. As Jimmy just stood there in self-pity, Chazz skated slowly behind him. He placed his and behind Jimmy's. Jimmy stilled stared down at the ice. \"Maybe this will jog your memory,\" Chazz said softly. As they both started to pose the same way they had done doing their fabulous Fire and Ice theme, Jimmy looked up. \"Capture the dream,\" Chazz said into Jimmy's ear. \"Capture the dream.\" Jimmy smiled. He finally remembered the past trials and successes they had, and realized it would be a crime to turn his back on them, regardless of past hurts. \"Yeah,\" echoed Jimmy. \"Let's capture it.\" ","Summary":" Ficlet for alessa0_0's 2nd fanart... This is my first fan, guys...be forewarned it's a little short"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"I Promise You","Author":"Valhova","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5661071","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I Promise You -Pido elegir la próxima canción de nuestra rutina. -Lo siento, pero yo ya lo había pedido en mi cabeza. -No, no puedes hacerlo. Eso no cuenta. -Oh, claro que sí. Acostúmbrate, Jimmy. Jimmy iba a protestar nuevamente por la injusticia de la situación, pero sólo se quedó parado en medio de la acogedora sala de la cabaña. -Acabo de tener un déjà vu –dijo a su vez, extrañado- ¿No sientes como si ya hubiéramos mantenido esta discusión antes? ¿O al menos una parecida? Chazz, que se había aproximado a la enorme pila de CDs que él y Jimmy habían traído consigo a la cabaña cuando se mudaron con el entrenador Robert, le dedico sólo una mirada fugaz y luego comenzó a buscar la canción que le interesaba. -¿De qué estás hablando? -De nada. Olvídalo. –respondió Jimmy un poco desalentado esta vez. Introduciendo las manos en los bolsillos de su jean, el rubio suspiró. Decidió darle la espalda al moreno y girar su atención a las llamas que ardían en la enorme chimenea. Afuera de la casa caía la nieva lenta y suavemente, así que la calidez del fuego se sentía realmente bien allí adentro. No que hubiese sentido frío antes, pero tampoco quería rechazar la reconfortante ola de calor que experimentaba ahora. Jimmy frunció el ceño. Dios, estaba tan furioso con Chazz. Aquel tipo no era más que un odioso patán desconsiderado. Era un egoísta que no pensaba en los sentimientos de los demás. Y el muy idiota se creía algún tipo de dios del sexo sólo porque usaba champú para caballos, cepillaba su cabello cien veces al día con la Verticolli y además recibía aquel montón de correspondencia de sus locas admiradoras enamoradas –mientras que él sólo tenía a Hector, su acosador particular. Vaya injusticia-. Sin duda era un imbécil. Y él le odiaba. Bueno, la verdad es que no lo hacía… Pero debería . Debería hacerlo y no quererle tanto… Aquel sentimiento iba a acabar con él muy pronto, estaba seguro. Cuando Chazz se decidiera a contarle la verdad sobre su decisión. Y Jimmy no pudo evitar sentir el dolor de nuevo, la desolación, al pensar en ello. Nunca debió enamorarse de Chazz. Nunca. *** Chazz estaba tan entretenido que no notó la turbación de su compañero. Estuvo de rodillas junto a la larga lista de CDs hasta que encontró el que le interesaba. Sonrió cuando finalmente pudo dar con él. Se levantó, triunfante, y luego lo puso en el equipo de sonido que estaba junto al sofá. No podía esperar para ver la cara de Jimmy cuando descubriera que la música de su nueva rutina sería \"Lady Humps\" por The Black-Eyed Peas. La canción inundó la sala a un volumen moderado. Satisfecho consigo mismo, buscó con la mirada a su compañero, que aún continuaba observando atentamente la chimenea. Sabía que su comportamiento era infantil, pero no podía evitar ser travieso algunas veces, sobretodo con Jimmy. Sus reacciones eran muy divertidas y siempre le hacían reír bastante. -Aquí lo tienes, Mac. Me temo que tu precioso Kenny G tendrá que esperar hasta una próxima oportunidad. –se burló. Pero de haber sabido la reacción que generaría aquel comentario, él nunca se hubiera burlado de su compañero. *** Jimmy parecía repentinamente poseído por el demonio. Giró, se aferró al primer cojín que tuvo a mano sobre el sofá, y luego se lanzó a toda velocidad contra el otro, aullando como un animal herido. Chazz estuvo tan sorprendido de verle actuar tan salvajemente que no tuvo tiempo a reaccionar. El primer golpe le dio en la cabeza y le dejó un poco mareado. El segundo impactó contra sus brazos que se habían alzado inconscientemente para protegerle. El ataque duró algún tiempo más, mientras Chazz se recuperaba del estupor de ver a su compañero comportarse de esa manera. -Qué diablos… Pero ahora Chazz estaba furioso también . Gruñendo, se tiro sobre el rubio, sabiéndose más grande y fuerte que él. Se aferró a su cintura, derribándole sobre la alfombra polar que tanto adoraba y cuidaba su entrenador. Jimmy cayó de espalda, pero ni siquiera el dolor de aquella caída logró tranquilizarle. Sus manos habían perdido el cojín, pero no importaba; comenzó entonces a repartir puñetazos a cualquier parte del cuerpo del otro que pudiera alcanzar. El moreno jamás pensó que su compañero pudiera tener tanta determinación. Ambos continuaron forcejeando hasta que Chazz finalmente pudo sujetar sus manos sobre su cabeza usando las suyas. Y para ese momento los dos estaban sudados y jadeantes. -¡Hey! –gritó Chazz, tratando de contener los inútiles intentos del otro por liberarse- ¡Cálmate, maldita sea! ¿Por qué haces tanto escándalo por \"Lady Humps\"? No pensé que te desagradaría tanto, joder. De acuerdo, elige tú la canción, no me importa. No me opondré a Kenny G, en serio. -¡No se trata de eso, idiota! –replicó Jimmy, luchando todavía con las fuerzas que le quedaban. -¿Y de qué se trata entonces? –preguntó Chazz, confundido. -¡De que no sé cómo puedes estar hablando de canciones para rutinas si tú vas a dejarme ! -¿Cómo…? –Chazz estaba estupefacto- No comprendo qué dices, además, ¡Fuiste tú quien tocó el tema! -Yo sólo querías que te animaras a decírmelo finalmente… -se quedó en silencio un instante, sintiéndose repentinamente cansado y sin fuerza- Pero no lo hiciste. Tú sólo continúas pretendiendo que vas a seguir a mi lado. Chazz estaba desconcertado. Sonrió, aunque tras esa sonrisa no se escondía ninguna felicidad. ¿Cómo es posible que una broma que involucraba a The Black-Eyed Peas se hubiera terminado convirtiendo en semejante locura sin sentido…? Maldita sea, y él que se había sentido de tan buen humor hasta ese momento… -Jimmy, yo de veras, de veras , no comprendo qué estás diciendo, ¿podemos hablarlo, al menos , como personas civilizadas? Y para mostrar que estaba hablando en serio, soltó sus manos y muy lentamente se levantó de encima de él. Luego se hizo a un lado, recostándose en el suelo, junto al sofá. Sus ojos jamás dejaron de observarle durante todo el tiempo, tratando de imprimir la confianza necesaria para que hablara con él. Jimmy se quedó un momento más echado en el suelo, sopesando si no debería intentar golpear a Chazz otra vez. Pero finalmente decidió que no lo haría; él nunca había sido una persona violenta. En toda su vida, sólo Chazz Michael Michaels había logrado sacarle a tal punto de sus casillas. Se sentó junto al otro, respirando profundamente un par de veces hasta recuperar un poco la compostura. *** -¿Te sientes… mejor? –se aventuró a preguntar Chazz. -¡Diablos, no! -¡Muy bien, lo siento! -¡Pues deberías hacerlo! -¡Ya basta! ¡Me vas a decir qué diablos está pasando o no! Jimmy le dirigió una mirada cargada de resentimiento. -Encontré en nuestra habitación – Sí, pensó Chazz. Aquella ridícula habitación infantil en donde ellos aún dormían en literas. Él arriba. Jimmy debajo - la carta que te envió Sacha Cohen. Lo siento –se apresuró a aclarar, un poco avergonzado-, yo no pretendía leer tu correo privado, pero la dejaste abierta en medio de la cama y fue imposible no verla… -Sus ojos se entrecerraron, serios de nuevo- Supongo que la recuerdas, ¿no? Fue a ella a quien le tiraste tu faja justo antes de realizar nuestra rutina en la final de las olimpíadas en Montreal… -Ajá –asintió el moreno, pues el otro se había quedado callado- ¿Y…? Jimmy odió que Chazz pareciera tan desconcertado. Como si no supiera de qué estoy hablando… a dónde quiero llegar… pensó. -Entonces ya sabes a qué me refiero, idiota. Ella quiere que tú seas su nuevo compañero en el patinaje artístico. -Ya lo sé –reconoció Chazz. Jimmy quedó boquiabierto antes semejante respuesta-. Y ella no ha sido la única que se ha ofrecido a ser mi nueva pareja en el patinaje. Michelle Kuan me llamó hace poco para pedirme lo mismo. -¿Michelle Kuan? ¿La misma Michelle de tu tatuaje? -Veo que la recuerdas. Pues sí, ella ¿Pero, por Dios santo, qué tiene que ver eso con…? Se detuvo. Ahora comenzaba a comprender… Jimmy, a su lado, parecía desolado, como si el mundo estuviera llegando a su fin o algo parecido. Él colocó un brazo sobre sus hombros y le obligó a recostarse sobre su pecho. Entonces besó su cabello con cariño. -¿Acaso pensaste que iba a aceptar la oferta? –quiso saber. -No… -se apresuró a decir Jimmy, pero era obvio que mentía- Bueno, sí ¿Por qué no habrías de hacerlo? Has demostrado que eres bueno compitiendo en la categoría de parejas del patinaje artístico, ¿no? -Yo soy el patinaje artístico, ¿recuerdas? –bromeó el moreno, hablando medio en serio- Claro que soy bueno. Pero tú también lo eres. Juntos hemos hecho historia con el Iron Lotus ¿Por qué cambiaría de pareja ahora? Sobre su cuello, Chazz sintió al rubio suspirar. -¿No es obvio? Ella son jóvenes hermosas y yo pensé… ¿Por qué quedarte conmigo cuando las puedes tener a ellas ? Después de todo, a ti te encantan las mujeres. Chazz simplemente no podía creer lo que estaba escuchando. -Pues porque es precisamente contigo con quien yo quiero estar. Lo siento si no te comenté nada sobre la carta, o aquella llamada telefónica, pero no significaron nada para mí. Yo nunca pensé en aceptar a ninguna de ellas. Jimmy se incorporó para encarar su mirada. Sus mejillas estaban sonrojadas y Chazz no pudo evitar pensar que se veía sumamente atractivo. -¿Ah, no? -Nop. –ratificó el moreno y luego sonrió. -Oh… -Jimmy no supo qué decir. Estaba tan avergonzado… él había armado aquel berrinche tan infantil… Chazz tomó delicadamente su quijada, aproximándose para darle un gentil beso en los labios. -Me gustaría que confiaras un poco más en mí, MacElroy –continuó, su mirada adquiriendo una seriedad que no era muy característica en él. Jimmy tragó saliva, sabiendo que había herido sus sentimientos más allá de lo que el moreno le confesaría jamás- ¿Recuerdas mi tatuaje del lobo solitario en el hombro? ¿Recuerdas quién le hace compañía ahora? -Así es. Soy yo. Jimmy sonrió tímidamente, recordando el tatuaje que Chazz tenía en su hombre: un lobo blanco. Y aquel lobo siempre había sido la representación simbólicamente de cómo la soledad había formado parte de su vida durante años –sin familia, sin amigos…-. Pero eso cambió cuando se hicieron pareja en el patinaje artístico. Con el tiempo se hicieron verdaderos amigos y posteriormente fueron algo más . Pero ya en ese entonces Chazz se había tatuado el rostro de Jimmy junto a aquel lobo, una manera de reconocer cuánto valoraba su compañía, dentro y fuera de la pista de hielo. Jimmy significaba algo muy importante para Chazz y no sabía cómo había podido olvidarlo. Chazz pellizcó juguetonamente su mejilla. -Exactamente. Ese lobo ya no está solo. Ahora está contigo, ¿comprendes? Eres parte de la manada. La manada que somos tú y yo. Y siempre vamos a estar juntos, Jimmy. El rubio sonrió más abiertamente y se prometió que nunca más iba a olvidarlo. -Yo lo siento tanto, Chazz –se lamentó Jimmy, arrepentido-. No sé qué me pasó… Estaba tan asustado de que me dejaras… Espero que puedas perdonarme. Y si hay algo que pueda hacer por ti para compensar lo que te hice… Chazz sonrió con malicia. -Oh, sí. Pienso exigir una retribución. -¡Lo que quieras, en serio! -Bueno, ¿recuerdas cuál es mi filosofía personal? -Te refieras a… -Sí señor. Vestirse es opcional. Yo propongo que nos quitemos la ropa ahora y luego pasemos a hacer actividades mucho más satisfactorias. Y Jimmy estuvo de acuerdo, después de todo, pensaba adoptar la filosofía de Chazz como suya a partir de ahora. Terminado el 12 de enero de 2010 ","Summary":" I Promise You -Pido elegir la próxima canción de nuestra rutina. -Lo siento, pero yo ya lo había pe"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"The Breakup","Author":"youcantseeus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3999023","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Blades of Glory or any of the characters in this fic. The Breakup \"I love you,\" Katie whispered to Jimmy as they stood by the doorway. \"I love you more,\" Jimmy said more loudly, with typical MacElroy corniness. From his place on the couch at the other side of the room, Chazz nearly gagged. At first, he had been all for Katie and Jimmy dating. Lord knows that MacElroy had needed a little action. He had even helped Jimmy with some of his early problems with getting along with women. Lately, though, Katie was just always around . Chazz was getting sick of seeing her and worse, Jimmy's attention was being drawn away from the things that were really important in life -- skating and Chazz. When Katie left, finally , Jimmy stood, looking at the door that she had just walked out of in a soppy way. \"Guess the sex was good last night, eh?\" Chazz spoke up loudly, interrupting his friend's thoughts. Jimmy frowned disapprovingly at him. Well, Chazz thought defensively, it wasn't as if Jimmy and Katie weren't having sex last night. Jimmy didn't need to act as though Chazz had suggested something disgusting. \"She's been over here a lot lately,\" Chazz commented when Jimmy didn't answer him. \"Guess you guys are getting pretty serious, huh?\" Jimmy stuck his hands in his plain blue jean pockets. Lately, Jimmy had been wearing much less glitter and fewer bright colors. Likely, that was the Katie influence at work as well – she may be hot, but she dressed like her grandmother. \"I guess so,\" he said. --- -- --- Chazz sat beside the ice rink, looking at his watch impatiently. Near him, Coach paced furiously. \"Where the hell have you been?\" Coach barked at Jimmy as the blond skater walked into the room. \"You're an hour late for practice!\" \"I am so sorry,\" Jimmy apologized with a sidelong glance at Chazz. \"I got caught up with Katie.\" Chazz rolled his eyes. Caught up with Katie. Of course. \"Maybe you should reign your wiener in a bit,\" Chazz suggested. \"You're getting to be as big a sex addict as me.\" Jimmy glared at him. \"Katie and I might actually have something,\" he said. \"Not everything is about sex. We were talking.\" \"I don't care if you were basting a turkey!\" Coach yelled. \"This is the third time you've been late this month.\" \"Don't forget that time he didn't show up at all,\" Chazz pointed out, ignoring the look that Jimmy gave him. It was nice to be the one who wasn't getting yelled at, for once. \"That's right,\" Coach said. \"If you boys expect to take any more medals, then you need to shape up, Jimmy.\" \"I – I will,\" Jimmy said. Chazz frowned. There was no way that he was letting Jimmy and little miss Frumpy Sweater ruin his skating career. As he watched Jimmy glide across the ice, his tension evident, Chazz realized what he had to do. Chazz Michael Michaels was going to break up Jimmy and Katie. --- -- --- \"No, Jimmy can't come to the phone right now,\" Chazz said to Katie. Chazz had been deleting all of Katie's messages and answering the phone as often as possible so that he could tell Katie that Jimmy wasn't at home. \"He's … um, he's washing his hair. With horse shampoo. No, I don't know why he does it. I think it's a little weird myself.\" She continued to talk. Her voice sounded like the a little bird chirping away. \"What?\" he asked, once she had stopped. \"Oh, dinner,\" he said. \"Um, yeah, you can come over for dinner on Friday. I'll tell Jimmy. Uh-huh. Yes, I will. I really will. I'm writing it down right now.\" Chazz wasn't writing it down. \"Okay. See ya.\" Chazz finished and Katie hung up. \"Katie wants to have dinner on Friday?\" Jimmy asked from behind him. Chazz jumped, dropping the phone. \"Yeah,\" he admitted. He had wanted to hide the dinner plans from Jimmy, but he could work with this as well. \"Here at the apartment. Hey, I can have dinner with you guys, right?\" \"Sure,\" Jimmy said. \"I just …\" \"Katie said she was going to bake an Alaskan or something. It was totally weird.\" \"What?\" Jimmy asked, distractedly. \"Nothing.\" \"Chazz … I want to show you something,\" said Jimmy. For some reason, Chazz's heart jumped at the nervous way that Jimmy bit his lip. He took a tiny box out of his pocket and opened it. Chazz felt a tightening sensation in his throat. \"Aww, MacElroy, you shouldn't have,\" he managed. \"You know, I'd love to marry you, but I don't think the ring is my size.\" \"It's for Katie, you doofus,\" Jimmy muttered. \"What do you think? Is it a good idea?\" Chazz wanted to say no, but he couldn't think of any reason that Jimmy shouldn't marry Katie other than the fact that it just felt wrong to him. They worked well as a couple – few fights and everyone said that they were sweet together. \"It's just – don't you think that you should you should play the field a little more before you get married . I mean, Katie is hot, but you've never even been with another woman, right? How can you know she's the one or whatever?\" Jimmy looked off into space. \"I don't know,\" he said, finally. --- -- --- \"Chazz,\" Jimmy said loudly over the blaring music in the club. \"We need to talk.\" \"Now?\" asked Chazz who was talking up a hot blonde named Laura … or maybe it was Linda. Chazz had trouble remembering. \"Now,\" Jimmy said, very firmly. Chazz rolled his eyes, wondering what he had done. Jimmy pulled Chazz into a tight corner. \"Did you hire me that hooker?\" he asked, accusingly. They were so close that Chazz could smell the mint on Jimmy's breath and the flowery shampoo that he used to wash his hair. \"What?\" \"The prostitute!\" Jimmy yelled. At that moment, the music stopped and several people looked at them. Jimmy's cheeks went bright pink. \"What prostitute?\" Chazz asked, more quietly. Jimmy pointed in the direction of a dark haired girl sitting at the bar. Cindi. Chazz had told her all about Jimmy, but she wasn't a hooker. \"That's not a hooker,\" he said, amused. \"It's just a girl. Can't you tell the difference?\" \"I – look at what she's wearing!\" Chazz looked. It was a backless silver top and a skintight black mini skirt. \"So she dresses like a slut. Don't be such a prude. That just means that you're about to get some.\" Chazz made some thrusting motions with his hips just to demonstrate. \"God, just look at how bright that shirt is.\" Chazz didn't think that was exactly fair. \"You wear glitter and bright colors all the time,\" he felt the need to point out. \"Not every girl is going to dress like Katie.\" Chazz knew almost immediately that it was a mistake to mention Katie. Jimmy's face changed. If he had been thinking of sleeping with Cindi, then he was no longer. \"I'm practically engaged to Katie,\" he said, more to himself than to Chazz. --- -- --- \"So then I just told Michelle 'hey, baby if you let me eat cheese curls off your belly then you may just have a Chazzgasm' and she was all like --\" \"Chazz!\" Jimmy whispered, kicking Chazz's feet. Katie, sitting beside him, looked mortified. Chazz had decided that just being as annoying as possible was a good way to embarrass Katie and get her to argue with Jimmy. \"Oh, sorry Katie,\" Chazz said, giving her his biggest smile. \"These noodles that you made are delicious.\" \"That's lasagna,\" Katie said. \"And Jimmy made it.\" \"Whatever,\" he moved on to a different subject quickly. \"So, did you ever hear the expression that if you marry a guy you have to sleep with his friends?\" \"What?\" Katie asked, alarmed. \"Chazz!\" Jimmy said loudly, turning bright red. Jimmy hadn't proposed to Katie yet – he couldn't decide how to do it -- and Chazz didn't think he had given away the surprise. \"I think that you are thinking of 'if you marry a man, you marry his friends',\" Katie said in her quiet little voice, having composed herself. \"Yeah and what married couples do? They get it on.\" \"Um … I guess so,\" Katie said. Chazz belched. \"Sorry,\" he said, when Jimmy glared at him. \"Good food and all.\" They ate nearly in silence for the next few minutes, but when it was time for dessert Jimmy and Katie seemed to warm up again and started talking and laughing with one another, leaving Chazz out completely. After a moment, they began feeding the desert to one another which made Chazz want to gag. Then, they actually began to kiss softly as if they had completely forgotten Chazz's presence. It was kind of hot, but also really annoying. Chazz mocked them with kissing faces and obscene tongue motions, but the couple ignored him entirely. On an impulse, Chazz grabbed Jimmy hand and began sucking on his wrist. \"Chazz!\" Jimmy shrieked, wrenching his hand away. \"What?\" Chazz asked, smirking. \"I was just trying to join in the fun.\" \"We're sorry, Chazz,\" Katie droned, politely. \"We shouldn't have ignored you.\" God, Chazz had just sucked on her boyfriend and she was apologizing to him. Chazz wasn't sure what to make of this, so he ignored her. \"Hey, Jimmy,\" he said, brightly, \"remember that time I taught you to suck face? Ever try any of that stuff on Katie?\" \"Chazz!\" Jimmy's face showed the utmost horror and Chazz felt a little guilty. He had promised Jimmy that he wouldn't tell anyone about that. Katie, on the other hand, did not seem to be nearly as upset as Chazz had expected she would be. She did see how awkward the situation was, however. \"Um, maybe I should go,\" she said, getting up. Jimmy was glaring at Chazz just as he had before they got into the fight at the Grublets. It would probably be safer to have Katie around, but Chazz couldn't resist the opportunity to be rid of her. \"Get out of here, kid,\" he said. \"No, stay,\" Jimmy said, half-heartedly. He obviously wanted to yell at Chazz. \"Chazz is just being a moron. As usual.\" \"I, uh, think you guys need to talk,\" Katie mumbled quietly. Jimmy saw her out the door and then turned on Chazz. Chazz felt strangely exhilarated by Jimmy's blazing eyes upon him, even though he knew he was about to be yelled at. \"What is your problem?\" Jimmy asked loudly. \"I thought you liked Katie!\" \"I do,\" Chazz said, although he was not at all sure this was true. Katie was hot, but he didn't really know her, and shy people tended to get on his nerves. \"I just – she's not right for you, man. She's boring.\" Jimmy looked at Chazz with ice in his eyes. \"Why don't you let me decide who is right for me.\" --- -- --- Chazz hadn't wanted to resort to this, but he was desperate. There was only one way to tear Jimmy and Katie apart. The sexy, sexy appeal of Chazz Michael Michaels. Chazz lay on Katie's full sized bed, clad only in a red leather thong, waiting for the woman to come home. If he could manage to seduce her, then he could tell Jimmy what a slut she was and they would break up. He wouldn't actually go through with sleeping with her. At least he told himself that he wouldn't – this type of thing could be chancy for a sex addict. Chazz heard shuffling outside the door and he arranged himself on the bed with his head thrown back and his hand stroking his thick chest hair. Katie opened the door and when she laid eyes on Chazz she screamed and dropped the packages she was holding everywhere. \"Hey, Sweat Cream,\" Chazz said. \"Thought I'd change your life with a little Chazz lovin.\" Katie's face was purple and she had her hand over her eyes. \"Chazz what are you doing here?\" And people said that he was dumb. He stuck a finger in his mouth, but the effect was lost since Katie wasn't looking at him. \"What do you think I'm doing here?\" \"I – I don't know,\" Katie stuttered, her hand still clutched over her eyes. \"How did you get in?\" Chazz shrugged. \"The fire escape.\" Katie stumbled over to the other side of the apartment. \"You broke my window!\" she exclaimed. Chazz shrugged again. \"I didn't mean to.\" There was a cold draft coming through the window. \"Why don't you come to bed and let me make it up to you.\" He slapped himself on the thigh and wiggled his eyebrows up and down. \"Chazz!\" Katie said, covering her eyes again. \"You have to get out! I'm not attracted to you, okay?\" \"You – you're not attracted to me?\" Chazz asked, in disbelief. He had expected her to be a little reluctant because of Jimmy, but how could she not be attracted to him. Every woman was attracted to Chazz. She must be lying. \"Come on, you know you want to …\" \"No I don't!\" she yelled, Chazz was shocked at her level of anger. Usually, she was so meek. \"Out!\" She pointed at the door. Chazz stumbled out of the bed, his surprise making him unsteady. He grabbed the long leather coat which had been the only thing he had worn over the Katie's apartment and put it on along with his shoes. --- -- --- Jimmy was waiting for him when he got back home, his face stony. \"How could you?\" he asked Chazz. For once in his life, Chazz was speechless. Katie must have called Jimmy. \"I mean, I know that Katie is pretty and that you're a sex addict, but there are a million other women in the world.\" \"Jimmy …\" Chazz said, lamely. \"I can't believe that I trusted you! And this has already happened once. I guess you just wanted Katie enough to jeopardize our friendship …\" \"It's not Katie I want!\" Chazz burst out, all at once. Jimmy stopped and looked at him in surprise. Chazz knew that he couldn't take back what he had just said. The two men looked at one another in silence for long moments. \"Do you remember that time we kissed?\" Chazz asked, gruffly after a moment. \"Didn't you – you know – feel anything?\" Jimmy blushed and looked at his feet. \"I – I don't know. You're being weird, Chazz. I guess it was okay. Good, even, but it was just practice. Katie …\" Katie is sooooo boring,\" Chazz groaned. \"She's all wrong for you, man.\" Jimmy shook his head. \"No she's not. Chazz,\" he paused, \"I asked her to marry me this afternoon.\" Chazz froze up. \"You didn't tell me you were going to do that,\" he managed, at last. \"I didn't think that you were going to try to have sex with her! And I didn't know … I didn't know how you felt. About me, I mean,\" Chazz could hear pity in his friend's voice. Chazz hated being pitied. \"It's no big deal man,\" he lied. \"Just a weird mood I was in, I guess.\" \"Oh,\" Jimmy didn't sound like he believed it. \"Chazz … maybe we should work with other partners for awhile.\" \"Other partners?\" Chazz asked, giving a half-hearted laugh. \"Afraid that I'll try to seduce your woman again, MacElroy?\" Jimmy wasn't fooled. \"I just don't want to hurt you. I don't want things to get all … strange between us.\" Chazz laughed again. \"Too late for that,\" he said. \"Katie … Katie wants me to move in with her,\" Jimmy said. \"Oh.\" \"It just seems like a good time to go our separate ways, don't you think? To start new phases in our lives?\" \"A good time for you,\" Chazz managed. \"I guess it couldn't hurt. I'm a great skater. I can make anyone look good.\" Chazz knew that this wasn't strictly true. He may be a great skater, but he was also getting quite old to be skating professionally. Finding a partner wouldn't be as easy for him as for Jimmy. He didn't say this, however. \"I'll be better off without you, MacElroy,\" he joked, lightly. \"I never thought that you would break up with me though.\" \"It's not a breakup,\" Jimmy said quickly. \"We were never together. Not like that anyway.\" \"Yeah, I know,\" Chazz said. \"We'll still be friends.\" \"Sure,\" Chazz said, but he didn't believe it. Jimmy may try to maintain the friendship for a while, but eventually he would get caught up in his marriage and his career and would forget all about Chazz. He may even have some kids. Chazz realized that he was losing his best friend. His best friend who had a right to be happy. He decided that he wouldn't try to get Jimmy to change his mind. \"I – I'll miss you, though,\" Jimmy said, and he looked like he could have cried. Chazz was strangely glad that his friend at least felt a little sad about all this. \"I'll miss you too, man,\" he said. Chazz's heart was breaking. This hurt worse than any breakup Chazz had ever been through in his life. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Blades of Glory or any of the characters in this fic. The Breakup \"I love"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Masters of The Ice","Author":"RogueSquirrel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6352642","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In advance, I am letting you know that this song was parodied of one of the songs, Les Miserables, which was \"Master of the House!\" So unless you have seen the original song, you will not be able to understand this song very quickly... Here we go... Listen, people, t'what's going down! I know of the hottest skaters in town. If you know who they are, that is cool, Otherwise I will give you a clue... Have you all seen, this skating movie? I will have you know it's called Blades of Glory! Jimmy MacElroy, crazy peacock man He's full of attitude and lots of glam! Curly golden hair, cherry red lips, Hey do not forget those ginormous hips! And there's Chazz Michael Michaels, another heartthrob of the ice! Angelic brown hair, muscles, physique, beauty! How nice! Chazz Michael Michaels, Jimmy MacElroy they bring to the rink so much fun and joy! Speeding on the ice, staring at the crowd Making every person want to cheer out loud, \"We love Chazz Michael Michaels! We love Jimmy MacElroy! Both of you inspire every man, woman, girl, and boy!\" Chazz Michael Michaels, Prince of leather coats! \"I'm the greatest ice-skater on earth!\" he boasts. Jimmy MacElroy, On the other hand, Has the same attitude As a lamb. Chazz is the spark and spirit Jimmy's the boldness and light, Don't you agree, fellas, together These guys are dynamite? Listen, people t'what else is new, There are two rival ice-skaters, too! It's the brother and sister duo Who also put on a wonderful show... Then there's a lady, Her name is Katie, These guys are the Van Waldenberg family! Stranz Van Waldenberg's easy on the eyes, But his heart is so much colder than the ice, And the middle girl, Fairchild, truthfully, Ain't the sweet young princess that she claims to be, And this young woman, Katie, The pretty angel of the ice, She is very sultry, beautiful, dextrous, and nice! Darren MacElroy, who's also very mean, dies at Hector's hands in one deleted scene, These two handsome men, Coach and young Jesse, the trainer and prince of choreography, Have helped Chazz Michael Michaels, as well as Jimmy MacElroy, To be an inspiration, as well as a sensation To every man woman girl and boy! Chazz Michael Michaels, Jimmy MacElroy they bring to the rink so much fun and joy! Speeding on the ice, staring at the crowd Making every person want to cheer out loud, \"We love Chazz Michael Michaels! We love Jimmy MacElroy! Both of you inspire every man woman girl and boy!\" Hector has dreamed That he would just destroy, The downright lovely, Peacock-man James MacElroy... (Here's what he had to say...) \"Jimmy MacElroy, crazy peacock boy He is like me, full of lotsa love and joy! Curly golden hair, cherry red lips, Brotha, do I wish that I had had his hips! But that Chazz Michael Michaels, Hasn't got no dignity! Jimmy wants to be with Chazz, for all the sense it makes to me!\" Chazz Michael Michaels! (Man, gimme a break!) Jimmy MacElroy! (That gentleman is GREAT!) Prince of leather coats, crazy-peacock man! (Jimmy, don't you know that I'm your biggest fan?) Rock on, Chazz Michael Michaels! Rock on, Jimmy MacElroy! You inspire every man... Hector:(butting in) \"No one obsesses like I can!\" Both of you inspire every man woman girl and boy! ","Summary":" In advance, I am letting you know that this song was parodied of one of the songs, Les Miserables, "},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Taught","Author":"toadstoolcouch","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6006011","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fandom: Blades of Glory Pairing: Chazz/Jimmy Rating: PG Summary: Chazz teaches Jimmy how to kiss. Disclaimer: Characters are not mine; no money being made ;_; Blades of Glory Chazz/Jimmy Rated PG, fluff, one shot \"So'd you really eat snow cones?\" Jimmy's head continued bobbing slightly as he folded freshly washed clothes over his lap. \"Huh?\" he grunted softly, and then flashed a look to Chazz, who was leaning on the wall opposite him, with something in his hand. With a slight frown, he said, \"Ya, why?\" Back to the folding, as the question didn't carry any importance for him. Actually, that wasn't entirely true; the question was only asked for the sake of asking, he suspected. This was small talk. And it gave him a comforting feeling because the men he had grown up with rarely said anything to him that wasn't competition related or otherwise important. As much as he loved his coach, well he wasn't the type to talk and joke about something as irrelevant as a frozen snack. Chazz didn't answer, and Jimmy felt a little silly, wishing the other would take control of the conversation. For some reason Jimmy had a slight feeling that Chazz might be just a little jealous if he told him about how nice his date was. And besides, he told himself, giving a soft, light blue shirt a satisfied pat, Jimmy wouldn't have anything new to say to Chazz. That kiss was a wild new experience for him, but it would be a rather boring story to someone as experienced as Chazz. \"And you kissed her, right?\" Chazz broke Jimmy's reverie to blurt, with food in his mouth. \"Man, I would have been all...\" \"You're not supposed to be eating after dinner,\" Jimmy chided quickly, and took his eyes off Chazz just as quickly. Even before he could finish his sentence, his partner had flashed him such a challenging, cocky look it made his heart race. But it wasn't a feeling of wanting to fight. No, he had felt that way before, when an argument turned violent as it had for them both in the past. He didn't feel the same anger and frustration as he did then. But it was still unsettling. He managed to catch one last glimpse of Chazz shoving whatever he had in his mouth, a trace of humor at his lips, his eyes blazing but warm. Jimmy wanted to laugh, but then that would make Chazz's illegal snacking ok. He was on a diet, Coach said so. But Jimmy didn't think he looked so bad; but Coach knew more about things like that than he did. Once again Chazz interrupted his thoughts, this time taking a seat on the bed beside him, shoving the neatly folded shirts to the side. \"Hey!\" Chazz's presence was a definite threat to the neat and tidy and soft world Jimmy had set up in his bunk. \"Aw, sorry,\" he said, frowning, but Jimmy wasn't sure he believed him. \"I'll help you fold your dresses later,\" he smirked, and Jimmy rolled his eyes. \"What do you want?\" Jimmy sighed, but he was glad to have Chazz sit next to him. It reminded him of sitting with Katie; the warmth of another person being next to him for the sake of friendliness...that was nice. \"What kind of kiss was it?\" Chazz asked, a glint in his eye. \"I'm not going to tell you!\" Jimmy protested, but he wasn't as shocked as he pretended. \"Was it a French kiss? That's the one with the tongue-\" \"I know what a French kiss is!\" Jimmy snapped, feeling himself blushing. And then he smiled. \"It was!\" Chazz burst and laughed. \"Nice!\" He slapped Jimmy's knee, and it was strange but exciting to think that something like that would be something to be proud of. \"Show me.\" Jimmy stopped smiling. \"What?\" That big, warm grin was still on Chazz's face. \"Come on, man, you think I believe that? Most you've ever kissed was your teddy bears!\" Color rose to the blond's face and his pulse quickened. \"What? You think I'm lying about that?\" By now Chazz had hold of a big, crushed velvet stuffed frog and he was pretended to make out with it. Mortified, Jimmy roughly fought Chazz for it, so that by the time it flew across the room, they both were flushed and breathing heavily. Jimmy gave Chazz a bold look and declared, \"I did kiss her, Chazz. And it was...it was great!\" \"Then show me,\" Chazz said again, and added quickly, \"I believe you! I so completely believe you, I'm just concerned you might not be kissing to your full potential.\" His eyebrows arched upwards as he offered a smug, self satisfied look. \"So now you're going to teach me how to do it right?\" Jimmy sassed, thinking Chazz would argue or look embarrassed at that. But Chazz's expression didn't change, in fact it looked even smugger. \"That's ridiculous,\" he grunted, fiddling with his pillow. \"I mean, if-if...\" he stopped, not sure what his point was anymore. \"You're not some kissing expert.\" \"Well, I know about a phone book's worth of names that would disagree with you there,\" Chazz boasted. \"But I am your buddy, right?\" Jimmy crossed his arms. \"I'm trying to look out for you! You want to kiss her again, right?\" Jimmy blushed and grunted an answer. \"I'm not saying you gotta do it just like I would. Cuz then we'd be here all night,\" he started to laugh. \"And I mean aaaall night!\" Figuring Chazz would probably get carried away, Jimmy cut him off with a curt peck on the lips. They looked at each other a moment, and then Chazz said, \"Please tell me you did more than that!\" Chazz didn't seem to care that his friend had just kissed him, no matter how quick and devoid of life that kiss was. While Jimmy still felt nervous and weird about this whole thing, Chazz's teasing emboldened him, and made him want to prove him wrong. He wanted to impress him. Giving Chazz a hard look with pursed lips for a second, Jimmy leaned in to do to Chazz what he had done to Katie earlier, only this time, since he was trying to show his friend that he wasn't a total virgin, he overdid it. Chazz had to push him off and looked a little startled. Jimmy was embarrassed, and could taste something sweet in his mouth, from Chazz's illicit indulgence, but he tried to act smug. \"Ok,\" Chazz said finally, turning to face Jimmy, sliding a leg beneath him. \"No, that was good,\" he said, though obviously was only trying to make his friend feel better. \"Came off a little strong, but you got the idea.\" He scooted a little closer. \"You gotta relax, ok?\" He put a hand on Jimmy's shoulder, and Jimmy tensed, although he did honestly want to relax. He felt strange, and couldn't tell why. \"Just relax,\" Chazz repeated, and slid his hand across Jimmy's back to the other shoulder, where he squeezed rhythmically. He started to smile as Jimmy's shoulders sagged, and his lips relaxed, letting his front teeth show comfortably. Chazz's voice was softer now, slower, and he gently urged Jimmy to sit closer, with his back to him. If Jimmy had any reservations about sitting practically in Chazz's lap, they were washed away by how wonderful Chazz's fingers digging into his shoulders felt. \"That feels really good,\" he sighed, leaning back against Chazz. He massaged the muscles around his friend's neck, up the neck, down to his upper back, so many places with the same care and attention. He was firm and almost rough, but Jimmy could feel his body melt. He would have fallen asleep if this went on any longer. \"This is how you wanna feel when you're with your lady,\" Chazz said in a dreamy voice, or maybe it just seemed that way to Jimmy because of how lazy and delicious he felt. \"Right,\" he breathed, and passively let Chazz turn him back around. \"Ready to try again?\" Jimmy still felt relaxed, but felt a bit of anxiety creep through. That last kiss was very awkward, and he feared he'd make an ass of himself yet again. A furrowed brow was his answer. \"You do nothing. Just relax, sit back, and take some notes,\" Chazz said. \"You're about to learn from the master,\" he said with a grin, and gently pulled Jimmy closer. They were both sitting cross legged, their knees touching. Chazz held Jimmy's head with one hand in a firm, secure grip, and pressed his lips on the other's. Gently he urged Jimmy's mouth open with his tongue, and then brought his other hand to rest on Jimmy's shoulder, reassuring him. The bright, sweet taste of the ding dong (it was definitely a ding dong, Jimmy had no doubts now) on Chazz's tongue was such a major sensation it took time to be aware of anything else. He tried to kiss back, trying to remember what he'd seen on TV and movies, but Chazz pulled away again. \"No, don't do anything,\" he said. \"But, I can't just sit here...\" \"I know, I know,\" Chazz assured. \"You like to learn hands on, and I dig that. But your job right now is to just observe. Just pay attention.\" Jimmy frowned and felt eager to keep going. He had never experienced a kiss like that in his life. Of course it was wonderful with Katie; awkward now that he thought about it. But he cared about her, he was excited by their time together, so his kiss with her was special. But then again, so was this. He didn't have a chance to analyze before Chazz pulled him forward again. This time Jimmy did his best to remain passive, although it was hard to resist trying to do something back. He felt silly with his mouth gaping open, feeling his friend's tongue probe and his lips caress his own. This did not seem sexual to Jimmy, although he did still feel just a little self-conscious. Chazz was his friend, the best he'd ever known. He'd never been so close with another person like this. Chazz was the brother he'd never had. So this was just Chazz being nice enough to teach him something, like any older brother should. Jimmy felt overcome with gratitude, lucky to have someone that would care enough about him to want to help him like this. This gratitude turned into a soft and hesitant movement of the lips, and this time, Chazz did not stop him. He paused long enough to say, \"Just like that,\" and went back to it. Chazz instructed Jimmy, guiding him with his own kissing, but after just a few seconds Jimmy felt like he knew what he was doing. Soon he didn't have to think at all; he just relaxed and let himself go. He smiled and felt so warm, proud of himself and happy to share this with his friend. Jimmy felt a slight pang when Chazz pulled away, but he was smiling softly, too. \"Much better!\" he said, slapping Jimmy on the shoulder. \"That was so much better. You try that on Katie...mmmm. She's gonna love that.\" His eyes lit up as he said this, and Jimmy felt every nerve tingle. \"But you know what she's really gonna love?\" Chazz asked in a rough, low voice. Jimmy stared back, entranced. Chazz moved closer and tipped Jimmy backwards slightly, supporting him with a hand beneath his back. \"That was a nice and slow, tender kiss. Can't underestimate the power of tender lovin'. But when you wanna really whip out the big guns...\" Jimmy let out a small, muffled sound as Chazz overtook his mouth. At first he didn't even attempt to kiss back. Chazz was kissing him hard and fiercely, but he was still so in control. Jimmy was glad to be held up, or he would have been pushed back into the bed from the sheer force of it. Chazz gave him an instant to breathe, and then was on him again, his other hand driving through Jimmy's hair. Jimmy had been trying to focus on Katie, imagining that he was trying this on her, but all he could think of now was how it felt for Chazz's tongue to snake almost down his throat, his teeth clicking against his own and gently tugging on his lips, the heat of his body crushing through his shirt. He sighed when he got a chance to breathe again and this time he fought back, pushing himself forward to kiss back. His hands were deep in Chazz's hair and he bit Chazz's bottom lip and dug his tongue in as Chazz did. He was a rougher than Chazz, but Chazz didn't try to correct him. In fact he even grunted a few quick compliments and allowed Jimmy to take control. Soon Jimmy was the one pushing Chazz back, taking over his mouth, while Chazz left his mouth passive and receptive. Jimmy could ignore his erection no longer, but it was becoming less clear what it was about. The idea of kissing Katie like this, or her kissing him like this, turned him on of course, and he was eager to try this on her. But he was beginning to focus on Chazz now, on the sweet taste of his mouth, the softness of his pampered hair, but most of all, the intoxicating feeling of being close to someone, really close to them. Chazz was sliding his hand up Jimmy's shirt when the door to their room suddenly opened. \"What's this light still doing on...\" Coach started to grumble, then stopped, as the two on the bed froze. They were still holding each other, lips still attached as they peered to the door. Jimmy pushed away quickly, almost stumbling over himself to get off his own bed, while Chazz cleared his throat and tried to act cool. \"I was just showing him how to kiss, you know, with his girlfriend,\" he said. Coach shook his head after a moment, but he seemed more concerned that they were still awake. \"Get to sleep! You boys have a busy day tomorrow.\" He shut the door, but opened it again before Chazz or Jimmy could even take a breath and added, \"And I said no eating after dinner, Chazz!\" When they were sure Coach was gone, they started to drift back to their own beds, awkwardly avoiding each other's eyes. Jimmy wasn't sure if he should feel that what he had been doing was wrong or not, but he was afraid to look in Chazz's eyes lest he find guilt in them. As Chazz climbed up the ladder to his own bunk, Jimmy tested the waters by grunting, \"Thanks for...you know. Showing me...that.\" \"Hey, no problem,\" Chazz said so warmly Jimmy looked up and saw him grinning. He beamed back with relief and felt closer to Chazz than ever. Then Chazz made a subtle motion, urging Jimmy to step just a little closer. Chazz planted a fierce but quick kiss on his friend's mouth and added softly, \"What are friends for?\" THE END ","Summary":" Fandom: Blades of Glory Pairing: Chazz/Jimmy Rating: PG Summary: Chazz teaches Jimmy how to kiss. D"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Devil May Care","Author":"Princess Lo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5310872","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Devil May Care Summary : A missing scene from the movie when Chazz helped Jimmy be a better kisser. Chazz/Jimmy Disclaimer : Not mine, I don't even own a copy of the movie Chazz paced back and forth in front of the couch as Jimmy sat there, looking annoyed and embarrassed. Chazz, an angry expression marring his usually sexy features, stopped pacing and faced the younger man. \"I don't believe you! I really just don't even want to to be around you right now!\" he said incredulously. He ran his hands though his hair angrily. \"What are you—\" Jimmy started to ask, confused. \"Katie! You are such an—\" \"You told me to ask her out!\" Jimmy interrupted, standing up indignantly. \"That's not what I mean. How could you even say that you kissed her? That was not a kiss; it was more like two fish trying to eat each other's heads!\" \"How do you even know what it looked like?\" \"Not important,\" Chazz immediately deflected. \"The point is you need work before I can even consider saying we belong to the same species.\" Jimmy sighed in defeat. \"I know,\" he said sadly. \"I've never really had a real girlfriend before. And I've never really kissed anyone.\" He thought a moment before finishing, \"Three girls, that's it. And one of them barely counted since we were six when it happened.\" If Chazz was drinking anything at that moment, he would've spat it out all over the rug. \"You're a virgin?\" He had suspected that, but was hoping he was wrong, that Jimmy was just naturally innocent and it was something he just didn't ever get rid of. But, Christ, the man was past thirty and had never fucked a girl before? Chazz couldn't wrap his head around that. He tried to think of the reasons why Jimmy might still be a virgin. He was sweet and funny and committed, girls loved shit like that. Chazz knew that Jimmy had a large fan base, too, with both guys and girls alike. Even if Jimmy was gay, which Chazz didn't think was too far from the truth, the kid was so fruity; it wasn't like he couldn't get a guy in bed with him. Then...why? Chazz just couldn't understand how it hadn't happened yet. Jimmy blushed a deep red and said, \"What? N-no, no way! I've done it dozens of times before!\" Chazz knew he was lying, though. He walked over to blond-haired man and pressed his two fingers into Jimmy's girly pink shirt-clad chest. He pressed just hard enough that Jimmy took a step back and fell back onto the couch. Chazz sat next to him, casually slinging his arm around the back of the couch and putting his left ankle on his right knee. Jimmy became acutely aware that every time Chazz would move one of his legs, his knee would jerk and hit Jimmy on his thigh. They sat in silence for a few minutes before Chazz said, \"You want a few pointers?\" \"What?\" Jimmy squeaked, unsure of what the hell that was supposed to mean. \"Pointers,\" Chazz said as if it was obvious. \"So you won't look like a complete dork next time you're out with Katie.\" \"And how do you plan on giving me these pointers? Stick pieces of candy to the wall and have me eat them off?\" \"Actually, that might just work! Fuck my idea, let's do that!\" Chazz said, grabbing Jimmy's hand and pulling him into their shared bedroom. He rooted through the drawers for a few moments before he found a brown paper bag filled with assorted candies. He stuck them on the wall and then stepped back. \"Okay, go.\" Jimmy went up to the wall, a slightly disgusted look on his face. He had always heard people on TV and in real life saying that the girl they kissed was more like kissing a wall. Now, he was literally doing that. How pathetic did he have to be to have to amount to this, just so he could kiss a pretty girl? He was able to get the first caramel candy fairly easily, but the others just fell to the floor before he could wrap his tongue around them enough. \"Chazz, this isn't working,\" Jimmy said annoyed. He turned around to see Chazz looking deep in thought. That was never a good sign. \"I have another idea,\" he said before pulling the younger man into the kitchen. He opened the refrigerator door and pulled out a bowl of cherries. He pulled the stem out of one and handed it to Jimmy. \"Tie it in a knot.\" Jimmy took it, the look on his face saying he didn't think this would ever work. Chazz sat on the counter to watch while he snacked on some chips. He became thoroughly amused by the very unattractive faces Jimmy was making as he tried to get the stem to knot. After five minutes of trying in vain, Chazz took pity on him and told him to spit the stem out. Jimmy went sadly into the living room and threw himself onto the couch, Chazz watching him leave. He looked so dejected, Chazz almost felt bad. He sighed, deciding he couldn't jet let Jimmy sulk, not when he had one more idea that just might work. He walked over to the couch slowly, trying to compose himself for what was probably going to come next. He stopped behind the couch, resting casually against the back. \"Hey,\" he said his voice suddenly quiet and hoarse. Jimmy was lying on the couch looking so vulnerable and upset, his arms crossed and a pout on his baby face. Chazz would never say it out loud or even admit to thinking it, but he thought Jimmy looked pretty goddamn adorable right now. He didn't acknowledge that Chazz was standing there, however. Deciding to just roll with it, Chazz hauled himself over the back of the couch and landed heavily on top of Jimmy. With surprising gentleness, he pulled Jimmy's arms out from between them and crossed them over his back. It was casual yet intimate at the same time and left nothing but their thin clothes between their bodies. He crossed his own arms across Jimmy's chest as if he did this every day. \"You're crushing me, get off you fat lard,\" Jimmy said, pushing Chazz away. But Chazz pushed back and was able to keep from falling off Jimmy's comfortable body. \"I have one last idea, though.\" Jimmy stopped to listen. \"Pretty much the only way you can get good at something is to practice. So, you just need to practice kissing a real person.\" \"So, I just gotta kiss Katie all the time and hope I'm getting better?\" Jimmy could be very dense sometimes. Chazz flicked him affectionately before saying an exasperated, \"No!\" \"Then...what?\" Jimmy asked, still not getting it. Chazz rested his head on Jimmy's chest for a moment, realizing he was going to have to spell this out slowly. He was being lulled by the rhythm of McElroy's heart beat and had to force himself to lift his head again. \"Just trust me, okay?\" He leaned down and grabbed Jimmy's lips in his own. He pushed his feet against the arm on the couch and slid painfully slowly up Jimmy's entire body, feeling every fiber of him jumping at the sudden sensation. It felt good, it felt right. He let his hands start to wander, feeling Jimmy do the same. He opened his mouth to deepen the kiss, but Jimmy didn't follow. The result was Chazz practically swallowing Jimmy's lips with his own. He pulled back. \"Two fish. Just go with it, okay? Try again,\" he said before leaning in again. This time, Chazz slid his tongue across Jimmy's bottom lip, who in return opened his mouth ever so slightly. It was all Chazz needed though, to slip his tongue into Jimmy's mouth and start exploring every tooth and crevasse. Jimmy tasted like candy and apple juice and suddenly Chazz was sent back to kindergarten, with his first kiss with Sarah Diamond. He was too aware of Jimmy's tongue following his into his own mouth and the resulting moan that escaped. Jimmy's hands were all over his torso, having hiked up his shirt at some point. Jimmy, who apparently had never done this before, was searching Chazz everywhere, pulling at his chest hard and tracing patterns on his back. Chazz couldn't hold back the shudder when Jimmy tweaked a nipple ever so slightly. Suddenly, Jimmy flipped them over with surprising strength so they fell to the floor and Jimmy was now on top, with Chazz flat on his back. He wasted no time in ripping Chazz's shirt off his body and starting to trail kisses down to Chazz's neck. It was too much and Chazz involuntarily bucked his hips right into Jimmy's. He felt something hard and pulsing hit his leg. Now that was something he hadn't felt in a while, not since college. It was different, but not unpleasant. Jimmy in turn ground his hips down into Chazz's own throbbing member. He couldn't take much more of this. He swept his head down and caught Jimmy's lips in his own again, slowly shuffling them so they were standing. Without parting their lips, Chazz walked them backwards into their bedroom, keeping the lights off and firmly shutting the door. \"Jimmy McElroy,\" he said, his voice husky as he stripped the golden boy of his clothes, \"Katie van Waldenberg will be screaming for days when I'm done teaching you.\" He only got a few moans in response that were the sweetest, hottest things Chazz thought he had ever heard. And he thought that as long as Jimmy would come back to him after his dates, he could live with Jimmy dating Katie. ","Summary":" Devil May Care Summary : A missing scene from the movie when Chazz helped Jimmy be a better kisser."},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Birthday Present","Author":"youcantseeus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3858067","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Birthday Present Chazz stood in thenmen's section of a large department store looking at differentnshirts. He picked up a red and black silk one. Chazz liked it, butnwould Jimmy? He might like silk, but Chazz couldn't remember hisnpartner ever wearing red, and black only rarely. He sighed and putnit back, looking at navy blue shirt next. It didn't really looknlike Jimmy either. In fact, none of these shirts looked muchnlike Jimmy. For the first time, Chazz wondered where MacElroy boughtnhis clothes. Maybe he shouldn'tnget clothes. Chazz walked away from the shirts pausing for a momentnat the underwear. Now that would make a good gift. Sexy silknunderwear. But MacElroy wouldn't like it and he might get thenwrong idea, anyway. The idea that Chazz was into him or something. nWhich he definitely was not. Okay, maybe every now and then when hencaught a glimpse of Jimmy from behind or when Jimmy had just put onnhis lipgloss, which he always insisted was chap stick. But thosentimes were just flukes. The random fantasies of a hopeless sexnaddict. It was MacElroy'snfault that he couldn't find anything good. He hadn't even knownnit was Jimmy's birthday until Coach had mentioned it at practicentoday. By that time it was too late to plan any kind of party andnChazz hadn't even gotten his friend a present. When Chazz hadndemanded to know why he hadn't been told, Jimmy had shrugged it offnand said that his father had never made a big deal out of hisnbirthday so he barely even thought of it. Really, MacElroy didn'tndeserve a present when he gave such short notice, but Jimmy hadnbought Chazz a present for his birthday after Chazz had given himnseveral discrete hints. And by discrete hints, Chazz meant askingnhim repeatedly what he was getting during the week leading up to hisnbirthday. Chazz wanderednhalf-heartedly through the sporting goods section. Now that henthought of it, Jimmy didn't really seem to like any sports othernthan figure skating. He picked up a hockey stick – maybe he couldnteach Jimmy how to play hockey. MacElroy probably wouldn't likenhockey, though – too high contact. He put the hockey stick backnand started looking at a set of weights. Jimmy liked to work out,nbut Chazz was fairly certain that that he already had weights. Chazz groaned innfrustration. The whole problem is that he kept thinking of what he would like which was not at all the same as what Jimmy wouldnlike. In fact, besides figure skating, they didn't really have anynof the same interests. So what would Jimmy want? Probably somethingnbright, sweet, girly, and marketed to children under the age ofntwelve. Chazz looked aroundnself-consciously as he walked into the toy section of the departmentnstore. He made sure that no one was watching him and then began tonlook carefully at the toys. Barbies? Too girly. Matchbox cars? nNot girly enough. Then he found the stuffed animals. Jimmy hadndozens of stuffed animals. There had to be something here that henwould like. He was eyeing a green skunk when he saw something thatnalmost made him jump out of his skin. \"Grublets,\" henmuttered under his breath and there were, indeed, a whole shelf fullnof characters from the Grublets facing him. Chazz didn't likenbeing reminded of the Grublets. He picked up a stuffed doll of onenof the woodland fairies (who had much smaller boobs than her Grubletsnon Ice counterpart) and tried to turn its face away so it wasn'tnstarring at him with its big, creepy eyes. Just as he was about tonset it back on the shelf, however, it began making loud, high-pitchednnoises. \" Tra-la-la-la,ntra-la-la-la, we sing a Grublets song,\" it sang. \"Ah!\" Chazz yelledndropping it to the ground and kicking it a few times for goodnmeasure. He turned at a small whimper off to the side and saw anlittle girl staring at him. \"What are you looking at?\" he askednloudly and she ran away crying. Chazz sighed in reliefnwhen the woodland fairy stopped singing. \"Creepy,\" he whisperednand moved to the other side of the aisle. He wouldn't be buyingnanything from the Grublets. Or anything from a Disney movie. Ornanything with eyes as big as his fists. This was tough. He hadnknown girls in the past who liked things like this, but when he hadnbought stuffed animals for them, he had always just grabbed the firstnthing he saw on the shelf. Jimmy deserved more consideration. Then he spotted it. Itnwas the most retarded looking thing that he had seen in his life. nJimmy would love it. --- -- --- \"Here you go,\"nChazz said, triumphantly, dropping the brightly wrapped present downnon the table in front Jimmy. \"What is this? nChazz, I told you that you didn't have to get me anything,\" Jimmynsaid. \"Well I did, so getnover it,\" Chazz said, plopping down in a chair across from Jimmy. Jimmy sighed, butnstarted to untie the big silver bow before giving Chazz a suspiciousnlook. \"This isn't porn or anything is it?\" he asked. \"No,\" Chazz said. nHe hadn't thought of porn. That was what MacElroy really needed –nsomething to get off on. \"Just open it.\" But now Jimmy wasnmaking a face as if imagining all the things Chazz might have boughtnhim. \"Is it made out of leather?\" \"No. Open it.\" \"Is it a LynardnSkynard CD?\" \"Does it look likenone? I barely even listen to Lynard Skynard.\" \"No more than Inlisten to Kenny G,\" Jimmy muttered. \"Listen MacElroy,\"nChazz said, raising his voice a little, \"I spent an hour pickingnthis thing out and another hour wrapping it. You are going tonopen it or I will punch you in the face.\" \"You wrapped itnyourself?\" Jimmy asked, fingering the wrapping as if actuallyntouched. He began to unwrap the gift and opened the box. He starednat what was inside for so long that Chazz thought he must hate it. \"Chazz,\" henbreathed. \"This is great.\" Chazz was surprised at how much henseemed to like it. It was just a white teddy bear that also happenednto double as a backpack. He had known that MacElroy would like it,nbut he hadn't known he would like it this much. Jimmy tooknthe thing out of its box. \"Thank you,\" he said. \"Um … you'renwelcome,\" Chazz said, confused at Jimmy's reaction. \"Sorry,\" Jimmynsaid, seeming to realize that he was behaving strangely. \"It'snjust … no one's ever got me something like this as a birthdaynpresent before. Besides fans, I mean. My dad always used to get mennew skates or exercise equipment or protein shakes. Sometimes Coachnwould buy me something, but his presents were always about the same –nI think he was afraid my father would get mad at him if he bought menanything else.\" \"What about Katie? nDidn't she buy you anything this year?\" \"Oh yeah,\" Jimmynshrugged it off. \"A sweater.\" \"Take off the bear'snhead,\" Chazz said. \"What?\" Jimmynasked, looking up in alarm. \"The bear's head –nit unzips.\" Jimmy gave him anothernslightly suspicious glance, but unzipped the bear's head. \"Wow,ncandy,\" he said, pulling out a bag of gummy bears. \"Gummy bears,nsuckers, skittles, M & Ms, fruit rollups, sourballs, pop rocks,\"nhe pulled one package of candy after another out. \"I'm not goingnto have any teeth left by the time I eat all this,\" he said, but hendidn't sound upset about it. \"Keep digging,nJimmy,\" Chazz said in a deep voice, \"I've hidden the sweetestncandy in the crotch.\" Jimmy snatched his handnquickly out the teddy bear. \"Why do you always have to be songross?\" he asked, tearing open the gummy bears and popping a fewninto his mouth. \"Just because Indon't go nuts over a present for an eight-year-old?\" Just buyingnthe stupid thing had been an ordeal for Chazz. The woman at thenregister had given him a very strange look until he had told her itnwas for his girlfriend. Not true, of course, but she probably wouldnhave given him an even stranger look if he had admitted it was fornhis male skating partner. \"I'd probably havento get you some plush boobs and fill them with beef jerky,\" Jimmynsaid, eating more candy. \"Now you'rentalking, MacElroy,\" Chazz said, \"you can get me that for my nextnbirthday.\" \"I am not getting younthat,\" Jimmy muttered. \"Okay,\" Chazz said,nagreeable, \"but get dressed, we're going out.\" \"What? Now? Why?\" \"Why do you think?\"nChazz asked, sighing. Jimmy could be so clueless sometimes. \"Tonget you drunk and maybe hit a strip club or two.\" Jimmy gave him a briefnglare. \"Okay, no strip club,\" Chazz hadn't really expectednthat Jimmy would agree to that. \"But we could at least grab a fewnbrewskies.\" \"I don't know …\" \"You can get somenfruity drink if you want,\" Chazz said impatiently. \"Just come. nIt'll be fun.\" \"Well … okay. CannI take the teddy bear?\" \"Do you want to getnthe shit knocked out of you? I'd try to protect you, but I'mnonly one man for God's sake.\" \"So we're going tona rough bar?\" \"No. But it is anbar. At night. Teddy bears are not recommended. In fact, you mightnwant to borrow some of my clothes again,\" he began to move towardnhis bedroom to grab some clothes. \"I'll find something to makenyou look not girly and totally sexful,\" he said. \"That's not even anword!\" Jimmy called after him. \"And nothing with fringe, Chazz!\" Chazz grinned tonhimself. There was going to be fringe. So much fringe. And he wasngoing to get MacElroy very, very drunk. ","Summary":" Birthday Present Chazz stood in thenmen's section of a large department store looking at differentn"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Y is for Yearbook","Author":"creutzfeldt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4785515","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Y IS FOR YEARBOOK. (OR: MAKE-OUT KIDS NEVER HAD A CHANCE TO BE BEST FRIENDS.) by alien trash. Warnings: Incest. Author's Notes: Part of an A-Z prompts table. (: --- \"You look pretty.\" \"You think that's going to make it up to me?\" Stranz paused for a moment, \"Yes?\" Crossing her legs, left over right, on the lip of his desk, Fairchild breathed a sigh; he was a fucking idiot. This was by no means a revelation, but the consistency with which he displayed it-- now that, that was nothing short of remarkable. Even as she tossed her head and examined her nails with the rehearsed disinterest she'd been perfecting since fifth grade, he tried to catch her eye with his own brand of pathetic obliviousness. God, he just never got it, forever assuming that she could be won around with a few cheap compliments. In the absence of a reply, Stranz drummed his fingers against the table Fairchild sat on, glancing up at her with a petulant expression; they hadn't even made ithrough homeroom before she'd decided he'd fucked something up. It was always his fault-- always him. His fingers became increasingly disorganized in their rhythm as his scowl grew more pronounced and his thumb slipped, brushing against his sister's knee. She bristled. Intentionally or instinctively, he didn't know, and – either way – a grin made it to his lips. Shuffling a little lower in his chair, Stranz casually let his hand slip a little further, fingers resting on the hem of her regulation grey skirt. \"You look very pretty,\" he tried, head cocked a little. She looked down at him, at his too-long hair, his crooked grin, the delicate fingers on her thigh. \"I know,\" she replied, letting her lips part in a way she knew would keep him interested. True to form, he leant forwards, going from dominant to dominated in no more than five seconds. Fairchild's hand was now on his, guiding his fingers upwards-- \" Cute shot !\" Blinking wildly in a flash of light, Stranz turned to see a camera being lowered, the person behind it strangely at-ease with having taken a shot of him with his hand up Fairchild's skirt-- except now Fairchild was holding his hand in a manner more typical of siblings, fingers locked, with a sickeningly innocent twist on her lips. \"Yearbook photographers,\" Fairchild explained, throwing away his grasp at the first possible opportunity, \"Get a grip, Stranz,\" she hopped neatly from the table top, scowling at him, \"I'm not your fucking babysitter.\" She walked away. Fuck. It was always his fault. ","Summary":" Y IS FOR YEARBOOK. (OR: MAKE-OUT KIDS NEVER HAD A CHANCE TO BE BEST FRIENDS.) by alien trash. Warni"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Speech Therapy","Author":"GlassBomb","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4814806","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authornnote: Hello guys! I watched this film recently, and I absolutelynadored it. I thought 'god, what a fantastic gay couple' – hencenthis. :D This just spawned from my warped imagination, and kind ofntook on a life of its own towards the end. My version of a seriousnslash fic, but of course it can't be entirely serious because it'snnot a serious film. Well,nthat's my excuse anyway. :D I've tried to keep everyone as muchnin character as possible, but let me know what you think. Toodles! X LineLineLineLineLineLineLineLineLineLineLine WhennChazz Michael Michaels wanted to say something, he came straight outnwith it, and to hell with anyone who didn't like it - why should itnbother him? He was a simplistic guy, and the way he saw it, ifneveryone was as fiery, sexy and open-minded as he was, the world might not necessarily be a better place, but it wouldncertainly be a whole hell of a lot more goddamned fun .nIf everyone was as sharp, witty, handsome and tolerant as him,neveryone could go out for a pint of beer the size of Canada and gelnmore platonically, romantically and most importantly sexuallyn- andnin his eyes, that was a pretty damn awesome world. Butnin spite of his personal mantras of a complete lack of tact and anpainfully straightforward approach to life, there were three friggingnwords that he just could not bring himself to say to the man he wasncurrently tied back-to-back with. Hencouldn't, no matter how hard he tried - and he was trying so damnnhard that it was slaughtering the few remaining brain cells that hadnsurvived the onslaught of years of alcohol, skating injuries and lustn- tell the best friend he had ever had that he was in love with him.nJimmy MacElroy was his partner, his brother (well, sort of - henwasn't half as weird as the bastards who had kidnapped them) andnhis world, and he couldn't even tell him how he felt when they werenabout to die. Theynhad ten minutes to live - which was usually the timeframe andnphilosophy Chazz existed on, but it was unnerving to actually have to exist on it; once they'd been bailed by a rich aunt, Stranz andnFairchild had wasted no time in exacting their revenge in a typicallyntwisted manner by forcing their rivals to strip at gunpoint, stepninto a deep-freeze and set a timer for the thing to explode in twonhours. At the time, it had made Chazz laugh - how ironic it was thatnthey would die in the temperature they had built their dreams upon.nIf there was a more nauseating way to destroy lives, he simplyncouldn't be arsed to think of it. It was the sort of thing he'dnhave done to someone who stole his latest mind-blowing hooker,nbecause if he was honest with himself, he was a bit of a jealousnbastard. Butnto have it done to him and Jimmy was just plain damn wrong . Andndespite the rapidly diminishing moments, Chazz still couldn't saynit. They'd made small talk for the past hour and fifty-one minutesn- damn that big fuck-off timer for reminding him of his imminentndeath! - and had now reached a natural lull in conversation. It wasnridiculously rare for Chazz to stay silent for any period of timenthat didn't involve sleeping or downing some alcoholic concoctionnthat would decimate his stomach lining in order to win twentyndollars, but now he had only really had one thing left to say. Henhad nine minutes until he died, for god's sakes - even if Jimmyndidn't reciprocate his love, it wasn't like the guy was going tonrun away and refuse to speak to him forever due to the terror inducednonly by talking to someone who fancied the living shit out of younwhen you thought they were the most disgusting thing you'd evernseen. He couldn't anyway; the room had been locked down, and evennif it hadn't, the crazy bastards had tied them to a discardednanchor in the far corner of the deep freeze with chains. They hadntrouble moving much at all, never mind breaking free. Perhapsnhe couldn't say it because he couldn't follow it up with andelicious kiss that re-affirmed his love and need for the effeminatenskater. Itncould plausibly be to do with the fact that being gay - even if it was onlynfor Jimmy, who was probably secretly a woman anyway - disturbed him,nthe ultimate pin-up and ladies man, a whole hell of a lot. Ornmaybe he was just too much of a damn coward. Hurray,ngive him another gold! Hisnmind sniped sarcastically, indicating that he'd hit thenmetaphorical nail on the head. Chazz growled softly, his teethnclenched. Nonone mocks Chazz Michael Michaels ,nhe snarled at his inner voice. Notneven Chazz Michael Michaels! Hennudged Jimmy, determined to prove his point and finally confess hisnfeelings. \"Hey,nJimmy!\" He unnecessarily yelled at the man who was right next tonhim, raising an eyebrow when he received no answer. \"Turdface!\"nHe tried, and when he was once again greeted solely by silence, hencraned round his neck to the best of his ability, and his eyesnwidened by what he could just about see. Jimmynwas slumped against him, seemingly unconscious - he snored, which wasnthe only giveaway to the fact that he wasn't asleep - and shiveringnbadly. \"Jimmy?\"nHe murmured in panic, confused as hell - something was clearly wrong,nbut what was it? What the fuck had happened to him? Why was he sondamn thick ?! \"THINK,nDAMMIT!\" He bellowed at himself, the giant timer ticking over toneight minutes as he desperately contemplated what was wrong with hisnpartner. His growing hysteria did nothing to help his brain, whichnwas far from ingenious at the best of times. \"It'sncold, right?\" He murmured aloud, realising how stupid that sounded.n\"Yes, it's frigging cold, you asshole - check out yourngoosebumps!\" Henglanced at his own body with a vague curiosity, finally realisingnthat he was, in fact, goddamn freezing. \"Sonit's so cold I can't even get sexually aroused although we'renalmost naked,\" he summarised, staring around the meat storagencontainer they were sat on the iced floor of. \"That's nevernhappened before…\" Asnhe took in his surroundings, Chazz became aware that in the past hournand fifty-three minutes, nothing had changed - it was the still thensame damn giant freezer without his favourite ice cream, with thensame handcuffs and ropes that were so tight they couldn't evennstand up and attempt to annihilate the door, with the same poornillumination (surely steak would taste better with some ambientnlighting, he'd wondered forty-six minutes ago) and the same bleakndécor that screamed out for a paintbrush, a pot of rainbow paint, anmansion-load of glitter, a handful of wall-mounted guitars and halfnan hour out of Chazz's busy schedule. Sonlogic dictated that Jimmy's problem was the temperature rather thannanything in the surroundings. Ofncourse it's the frigging temperature! Hisnbrain screamed. He'snthinner and less muscular than you - it's freezing him to death,nand you're sitting here working out what's wrong! Warm him up andnget him talking, you idiot! \"Death?\"nChazz whispered fearfully, shuddering in a way that had nothing to donwith the below freezing temperatures of the oversized icebox. \"But…nhe can't. I don't care if I'm going to die in seven minutes - Incan't lose him until that damn glorified TNT or whatever the hellnit is blows pieces of me straight up to the goddamned Pearly Gates!nJIMMY!\" Thenyell of his friend's name was a simultaneous plea and order, andnwhen after several moments Jimmy didn't move, fear choked thenimprovisational skater. \"No,nyou can't ,\"nhe begged in a most uncharacteristic voice, looping his arms aroundnthe sides of the younger man from the neck downwards, ignoring thenbolts of agony that cascaded through his limbs at the unnaturalnangle. Grabbing him as best he could, Chazz's large hands held himnupright against his own spine, and he desperately hoped the warmthnwould transfer. \"This'dnbetter work, because it frigging hurts,\" he muttered, eyes screwingnshut against the coursing pain of almost dislocating both his arms -nbecause if there was one thing Chazz Michael Michaels would never do,nit was cry. Oh hell no. He'd rather die. Greatnjoke ,nhis mind commented acidly, and he snarled. \"Pissnoff,\" he snapped, steeling himself for what he was about to do -ninhaling heavily, he manoeuvred his arms to almost entirely wrapnthemselves around the unconscious skater, and both of his shouldersnclicked ominously. \"Oh,nthat can't be g - JESUS CHRIST!\" Chazznalmost screamed as the discomfort crashed straight from 'pain' ton'Fairchild breaking an ankle', and he gritted his teeth to stop angasp of agony. \"WakenUP, you son of a bitch!\" He roared at his partner, a vague thoughtnpassing through his mind that he'd never be able to pick the idiotnup in the rink again because his arms would be bent at permanentnobtuse angles. Even with all his skating experience and thatnthree-month therapeutic sex spa trip where he'd been taught anhybrid hippy form of relaxation Pilates from this hot chick whonworked wonders with a cocktail shaker - paid for half by his victorynin Boston's event over Jimmy and half via his successfulnpornographic career - he very much doubted he'd be able to holdnthis position for much longer. Thenred digits of the clock flashed up at him, informing him that therenwere five minutes between him and the hellfires of Satan's lavanlather bathtub, and he attempted to inspire Jimmy's uncooperativenform to regain consciousness. \"Younare such annass,\" he informed his friend, and his tone was virtuallynaffectionate. \"Who else ends up fainting in a freezer? Only ancomplete fag. I'll let you in on a little secret though, andnbecause you're not awake, you can have it for free - I don't wantnto die alone. God, if the fans could see me now - 'The Lone Wolf',nlooking for company. I'd never get a fifteen-dollar whore again.\" Thenprospect of no cheap sex threatening to push him over the edge ofnsanity, he swallowed harshly and briskly moved on. \"Makesnme a bit of a selfish bastard, doesn't it? You're better offnasleep for our death, but that'd be too… selfless for me. God, I'm an ass as well, but I can live with that as long as you're a biggernass. Just do me one last thing before we die, yeah? It's easiernthan oral sex on a beach.\" Sighing,nhis eyes burning with tears that were not all down to the agonynpulsating through his biceps, he leant over to Jimmy's cheek. \"Don'tnleave me,\" he whispered candidly, pressing a quick but meaningfulnkiss to the snowy, exposed cheekbone. \"Just… don't .nPlease. You're all I have, and I…\" Hisnlips suddenly refused to move, and he thought for a moment that he'dnspontaneously developed lockjaw. \"… Forgetnit,\" he muttered eventually. \"But really… come back, preferablynbefore I lose all the feeling in my arms, because that would kind ofnsuck. I know we can't get out - we can't even get up because thatnbitch tied us to a goddamn anchor, and the door's sealed anyway -nbut I… can't live without you, and I can't die without you,n'cos you're my best friend and I miss you and I… neednyou ,nJimmy. I need you to punch me in my crap lousy face just so I knownthat I'm not freezing to death and three and a half minutes awaynfrom being seeded grape juice on my own.\" Thenpain dulled to a harsh, icy burn as he reverse-hugged the man henloved more tightly, desperate to hold back the tears and the fearnthat threatened to destroy his mind. \"C'monnbuddy,\" he encouraged, rubbing his skin in a way that anyone whonhalf as sexually-minded as himself would have seen as blatantlynprovocative; he cursed his own thrill, reminding his severelynoveractive imagination that just this once, it wasn't aboutnachieving the best orgasm possible. \"Punch me, you prick …nplease …\" Chazznwas so preoccupied with the task at hand that he didn't noticenJimmy move until he felt a pathetically weak blow strike his cheeknwith so little force that a termite would have escaped it unscathed -nbut it didn't matter, because the little shit had moved ,nand Chazz hadn't been so happy since that threesome with those twonhot blondes post-Boston. \"Jimmy,nyou're alive!\" Henexclaimed jubilantly, and despite the fact that that novelty wasn'tngoing to last the next one hundred and eighty seconds, he couldn'tnprevent the grin that spread across his face and the relief thatncoursed through his frame. \"Kindnof,\" Jimmy mumbled weakly, casting a fogged eye at the timer andnsighing heavily. \"For the next two m-m-minutes and f-forty ninens-s-seconds anyway…\" \"Oh,nwho CARES?\" Chazz replied cheerfully, and Jimmy raised an eyebrownthat he couldn't see. \"Uhh,nI k-kind of d-d-do…\" he stammered, his teeth chattering and hisnentire body feeling like someone had just whacked a sledgehammernacross it eighteen times. He longed to close his eyes, but from thenfew words he had caught from his partner, he had been worried aboutnhim - and he didn't like to inconvenience anyone. \"Yeah,nme too actually.\" \"Thennw-what was the p-p-point -\" Hisnfaded voice was cut off by a violent sneeze that shook the tinynicicles he hadn't even noticed from his nose, and he spent hisnremaining reserves of energy on merely staying conscious to speak tonhis friend. \"Ch-Chazz?\" \"YeahnJimmy?\" His partner replied, and he still sounded ludicrouslynhappy. Rolling his tired eyes and being almost grateful that he onlynhad to feel this shit for the next two minutes, the blonde shook hisnhead gently in order to banish his mental fog before opening hisnmouth, feeling distinctly light-headed. \"Inth-think I've g-g-got pneumonia m-m-man.\" \"Dude,nthat sucks,\" he clucked sympathetically, and Jimmy could feel himntense up. \"I hate to ruin your day even more, but I really need tonmove my damn arms…\" Itnwas a mark of Jimmy's less-than-awake mind that he hadn't noticednhis best friend's arms awkwardly embracing him, and he looked downnin disgust at the strange angles of the limbs. \"D-doesn'tnth-that hurt ?\"nHe queried morbidly. \"Slightly,\"nthe older man admitted, wrenching up his arms with to a inharmoniousnchorus of sharply clicking joints. \" Holynmother of Mary!\" \"Dude,ny-you alright?\" Jimmy asked in concern, now wide awake andnwondering why the hell he'd been embraced. \"Peachy,\"nChazz answered weakly, wishing he'd kept his arms where they were -nfor both emotional and physical reasons, because now it felt like andominatrix had skinned his limbs alive and was running a red hotnpoker seductively across the muscles. \"Just… damn… peachy .\" Theneffeminate blonde chuckled, but it did not sway his curiosity. \"W-whynwere y-you h-h-hugging m-me, anyway?\" He asked quietly, not reallynwishing to invade his fellow skater's soul; if he'd been scarednof dying alone, then that was fine. That, however, wasn't reallynhow Chazz Michael Michaels rolled. \"Inm-mean, d-d-don't g-get m-me wrong - I d-don't mind. It w-wasnactually almost c-cute, b-but -\" Chazzntensed for an entirely different reason that didn't involve thenself-repair of his arms, realising that there were many ways tonanswer that question and that none of them would actually leave hisnlips. BecausenI'm in love with you. Becausenyou're the best friend I've ever had. BecausenI need you to be safe, because when you're not, I can't thinknstraight. BecausenI was terrified of dying alone. Becausenyou're everything to me. Becausenit didn't matter that I was going to die - all that mattered isnthat YOU were. Becausenall the sex, alcohol, ice, hookers and gold medals mean nothingnunless you're here to tell everything to when the hangover'snbearable. \"Becausenyou were cold, you moron.\" Chazzncursed himself inwardly, the timer ticking over to a minute tondetonation. \"Oh,\"nhe said simply, sounding almost disappointed. \"F-fifty s-sixnseconds, m-m-man. I should thank you.\" \"Why,nfor being the selfish stud I am and waking you up with three and anhalf to death?\" Innspite of his predicament, an indulgent smile wrapped itself aroundnthe blonde's lips. \"No,nb-but th-thanks f-for that t-too, you douche.\" Chazznlaughed, the gesture ringing with bitterness. \"Don'tnmention it,\" he replied quietly, smirking. \"Inm-m-meant for h-helping me t-to w-win gold again,\" Jimmy correctednsimply, his tone laced with such gratitude that it brought tears tonhis friend's eyes. Shit,nI've never felt so GAY, Chazznlamented with an internal grimace. \"Rightnback at ya, buddy,\" he replied with equal sincerity, eternallynthankful that his partner couldn't see just how grateful he was,nbecause that would have become permanent mockery material. Sighingnaloud as he watched the timer hit forty seconds with a morbidnfascination, Chazz realised that time hadn't flown so quickly sincenthose eye-opening and mind-blowing sixty minutes he'd spent withnthat eight hundred dollar-an-hour dominatrix a few years back. \"There'snso much I still had to do,\" he informed the elegant guy against himnregretfully. \"I've never tried position sixty-eight in thenJapanese XXX Kama Sutra, because I've never found anyone batshitninsane enough to try screwing me upright during a parachute jump.nI've never gotten hammered off a French beer. I've never tried tonlick my own elbow, not even when I was really bored. I've nevernjoined the elusive ranks of the three-mile-high club because I'mnpretty sure I haven't flown three miles high. I've never masterednthat new frigging thing Coach tried to teach us because I didn'tnwant to make you sound like even more of a girl by cutting yourntesticles off mid-competition. There's so much crazy shit I haven'tntried, Jimmy.\" Silencenreigned for several seconds, before Jimmy said, the grin clear in hisnfreshly rejuvenated voice, \"dude, not even I could get hammered off French beer.\" \"Damnnright,\" Chazz retorted, chuckling. \"Weak as piss.\" \"Disgustingnstuff,\" Jimmy agreed, and Chazz quirked an eyebrow, intending tonmercilessly tease his partner in that way he found so amusing. \"Likenyou've ever gotten hammered anyway. I bet you've never drunknanything more hardcore than a cream soda in your life.\" \"Inso have!\" The blonde huffed furiously, rather put out, hisnridiculously low body temperature quite forgotten in the heat ofncompetition. \"I drank a ginger beer at skating practice when I wasneight, so screw you Michaels!\" Withntwenty seconds left to live, Chazz Michael Michaels burst outnlaughing, and didn't bother stopping for eight whole seconds, thenamusement relaxing him exponentially and strengthening his resolve. \"You nerd ,\"nhe eventually choked out, still laughing in a manner that was akin tonthat of a serial killer. \"You absolute frigging dork, MacElroy.\" \"Shutnit, fatass,\" Jimmy muttered, now giggling himself - which onlynserved to set Chazz off more. Breathing deeply to regain control, hencouldn't quite banish the smile as the countdown from ten began. \"Hey,nJimmy?\" \"Yeah,nChazz?\" \"… Thanks.nI don't ever thank people, but seriously… thanks buddy.\" Jimmynwas silent for a whole precious second, before murmuring \"whatnfor?\" with no small amount of humility in his tone. \"Everything,\"nChazz said simply, softly, leaning against him gently in an effort tonprovide both the skater and himself with a sense of comfort in thenlast five seconds of their physical existence. He wanted to say more,nbut he had no time, and he'd just summed his gratitude up quiteneloquently. \"Yountoo,\" Jimmy murmured kindly, absolutely serious. \"See you innhell, yeah?\" Chazznchuckled, nodding in agreement. \"Lastnone at the bar's a loser?\" \"Damnnstraight.\" \"I'llnorder you a ginger beer then,\" Chazz commented dryly, and Jimmynchuckled. \"Oh,nand MacElroy?\" He added desperately, kicking down the door of thenLast Chance Saloon as the clock sped down to the final second. Thisnwas it - there was nothing left to lose, and he was past the point ofngiving a shit if the guy returned his feelings or not. What did itnmatter now anyway? \"Yeah,nMichaels?\" Finallynfinding the relevant courage, Chazz inhaled sharply and simply voicednhis adoration, his tone uncharacteristically tender. \"… Inlove you, you goddamned sexy son of a bitch.\" Jimmy'sneyes barely had time to widen in utter shock as Chazz, defiantlynignoring the retained lancing agony of his clavicle, shoved thenweaker man onto his back in a futile gesture of protection and justnmanaged to envelope him as the timer ran out and a menacing series ofnup-tempo beeps rang around the deep freeze. Chazz'sneyes squeezed shut, not wishing to bear witness to his flawless bodynbeing shredded to bite-sized cubes of perfection, and notnparticularly fancying watching it happen to Jimmy either; an echo ofnresonating screeches rent the air, almost decimating his eardrums asnthey whizzed, fizzed, squealed and finally exploded. Genuinelynterrified, Chazz felt Jimmy tense beneath him in equal horror, and henwaited with bated breath to become a new flavour of jam. Andnwaited. … Andnwaited a bit longer… \"Whatnthe hell?\" he whispered, the terror ebbing away in favour ofncomplete bewilderment and, hardly daring to hope, he forced open anneyelid in horrific anticipation… … Justnin time to see a newly dead firework's embers burning away a giant,nbrightly-coloured poster that clearly stated \"Top THAT, fags!\",nresiding innocently to his left. Thenreality of their situation slammed into the professional skater, andneven as he felt relief wash over him, an anger so deep that it wasnmatched only in the rare instance of a Texan stealing his beer andnhis nightly hooker burned through his bloodstream. \"… BASTARDS!\" \"Chazz?\"nJimmy's muffled voice asked, still sounding terrified; Chazz merelynresponded by pushing himself forwards and therefore taking Jimmy withnhim and pointing mutely at the incinerating paper, not trustingnhimself to speak lest he combust into a fiery rage. \"Whatnthe h - no, you're kidding me. You're not ser -\" Chazznmerely nodded; he had never want perform a botched Iron Lotus onnanyone so much in his life. He swore to god, when he got hold ofnthem… that suffocating terror he had felt at losing Jimmy to thensub-zero temperatures, the dislocation of his arms, his own stabbingncold pain and the anxiety that had left the pair of them so afraid…nhad all been for nothing. \" … YOUnARE FRIGGING KIDDING ME!\" Chazznshook his head, flexing his fists in sheer rage. \"… BASTARDS!\"nJimmy stormed, but his own torrent of fury was interrupting by thendoor swinging open with an almighty crash. \"Whatnthe hell are you two doing here?!\" A furious voice yelled across the deepnfreeze, and Chazz was so livid that he couldn't even welcome thenguy who was standing in the doorframe (he made a mental note to thanknhim for preventing the worsening of Jimmy's condition after he'dndecapitated Stranz and Fairchild) with his hands on his hips and anninfuriated expression that, even as he watched, turned into a twistnof horror at what he was witnessing. \"COACH!\"nJimmy enthused in delight, but Robert completely ignored the pair ofnthem, his eyes rolling disdainfully. \"… Actually,nno - I'm sure I could guess,\" he remarked dryly, taking in thenalmost nakedness of the duet and the chains that enveloped them.n\"I've been trying to call you for three damn hours, you asses,nand you're having a goddamn icegasm !\" Chazznsighed in frustration, too pissed off to be able to articulate theirnscenario - ifnonly ,nhis mind muttered longingly. \"H-hownd-d-did you f-find us?\" Jimmy asked in genuine curiosity, and thenreturn of his stutter reminded Chazz that he wasn't in the greatestnof shapes - the fact that he'd just shoved him face first onto thenice probably hadn't done the guy any favours either. \"Thatnphone I got you for your twenty-first, Einstein,\" their coachnreminded him peevishly, \"it's got GPS en -\" Ansneeze and a violent shiver rent the air, and Chazz's rage meltednsomewhat to concern. \"Getnhim out of here,\" he heard his voice say quietly, hisncharacteristic bravado unheard. \"Now, coach.\" Robert'sneyebrow raised, and he merely nodded, turning to go back his carnbefore his eyes spotted something in the corner of the deep freeze. \"Bingo,\"nhe muttered to himself with a small smile, jogging over to a huge axenthat lay discarded on the opposite side of the room. Jimmy followednhis line of sight, and his usually pale skin whitened further. \"Areny-you s-s-serious ?!\"nHe cried, horror eclipsing his features. \"Gotnany better ideas?\" Jimmy'snsilence told him that he hadn't. \"Didn'tnthink so,\" Robert replied smugly, wielding the axe and advancing onnthe pair. \"You might want to move up a bit, guys.\" \"Incan't teleport on Wednesdays - it's an official rule,\" Chazznsniped, shifting along the ice to the best of his ability as Jimmyndid the same. Chazz felt the loss of physical contact quite harshlynafter the afternoon's torment, but apparently not as harsh as Jimmynfound it, for he gave his partner a subtle squeeze on the arm beforenthey moved the only few plausible inches possible. Chazz nearlynsmiled, and would have had it not been for his lingering anger andnworry; oh, if only he knew … Thenalarm bells blazed an epic symphony of Star Spangled Banner insidenhis head as he remembered. Shitn- he DOES know! \"Fuck,\"nhe cursed simply, and Robert mistook the dread that his features worenas fear over his raised axe. \"I'llntry not to cut your head off Michaels,\" the coach quipped innamusement, and as he swung the implement downwards, the improvisornsuddenly realised what the hell he was doing. \" JesusnChrist !\" Thenaxe swept intricately between the two skaters, leaving a minisculenbut welcome rush of warm air in its wake, and smacked straightndownwards, landing with a dull clunk that scared the shit out ofnJimmy. He cowered, and just about dared to take a peek at the chains. \"Well,ncould have been better,\" Robert summarised with a shrug, and thenblonde heard his partner give a dramatic sigh. \"Regularngenius,\" he snapped coolly. \"We're going to be here forever,naren't we? Goodbye orgasms, goodbye fans, see ya later alcohol,nciao gold - the Chazzle Dazzle's dying on ice.\" Thenblade had severed the ropes, but the chains still remained very muchnintact. \"Don'tnbe so negative!\" Robert chastised, kneeling down to loosen thenchains manually. \"This shouldn't take long, the ropes were thenmajor connection and we just need to loosen these a bit… what thenhell were you both thinking ?\" \"Thatnhe was going to die,\" came the unified response, albeit Jimmy'snpossessing slightly less linguistic finesse due to the incessantnchattering of his perfect teeth. Robertndesisted insistently, and merely stared between the duo, hisnexpression stunned. Chazz and Jimmy, movement now less of a problem,nturned to the best of their abilities and met one another's eyes. \" Seriously ?\"nChazz enquired, and he'd rarely been so serious in his life. \"Well…nyeah,\" Jimmy answered awkwardly, and Chazz gave a terriblynhypocritical smirk. \"Fag.\" \"Saysnyou!\" \"Yeah,nsays me - so pay attention 'cos this time next year, it'll bengospel.\" \"Isnthat your weirdo way of asking me to marry you?\" \" What ?!\"nRobert interjected with disgust, and Chazz actually stopped dead,nastonished. \"… Whatnwould you say if it was?\" He asked, breaking out of their bitchingnsession to be genuine for a moment, waiting for the response onntenterhooks. \"I'dnsay you were a fag.\" \"Notnworth it,\" he replied immediately, and Jimmy almost broke thenserious nature of the discussion to grin. \"Shame,\"nhe retorted. \"Well,nI mean… would you?\" Chazz almost stuttered, suddenly nervous,nhoping desperately that his partner wasn't just joking about this. \"Inmight do, yeah…\" \"Willnyou then?\" Chazz'snbreath hitched in his throat as he waited for a response; god, whatnthe hell was he doing? Thenright thing for the first time ever, hisnheart chorused with a light smattering of applause, and he smilednwithin. Shutnup. \"… Yeah.\" \" Really?\" \"Yeah,nreally.\" \"Oh, Jimmy !\" Theynspontaneously locked lips, and Robert could not have been morenconfused if someone had given him a million dollars to be so. \"Didnyou two just… getnengaged ?\"Henenquired, dumbfounded, and he noticed Jimmy vaguely nod through thenkiss. \"I'mnhopin' so,\" Chazz muttered offhandedly, and Jimmy laughed intonhis mouth. \"Brilliant,\"nthe coach deadpanned, his eyes wide. \"Absolutely friggingnbrilliant.\" \"Couldn'tnagree more,\" the former porn star concurred, \"as long as he'snin a wedding dress.\" \"What,nso I can be your fetish toy?\" Jimmy replied hotly, pressing hisnforehead to Chazz's with a large grin enveloping his mouth. \"Don'tnthink so.\" \"Bitch.\" \"Damnnstraight!\" Thennew couple giggled like schoolchildren, and Robert's eyes almostnrolled out of their sockets. \"ShallnI just leave you here for a few weeks?\" He asked sarcastically, andnChazz looked up for a moment, utterly serious. \"Well,\"nhe said thoughtfully, \"I've always kinda liked bondage…\" \"ButnI'm cold ,nChazz!\" \"Hilariousnhow you've suddenly become freezing again,\" Chazz muttered,nbeaming. \"If I didn't know any better, I'd say you were fakingnit.\" \"MaybenI just want you to be my nurse for the day…\" \"Good,nbecause I've got the perfect way to warm you up.\" \"OhnGOD,\" Robert protested, loosening the chains up significantly tonallow them freedom to escape should they desire it, lookingncompletely nauseated. \"I really didn't need to know, Michaels!\" \"Wasn'tnasking you to listen,\" he retorted cheerily, his eyes never leavingnJimmy's, who erupted into laughter at the comment. \"Sorryncoach,\" the blonde apologised with a smile, turning to him. Robertnwaved a nonchalant hand, Jimmy's words having no comforting effectnwhatsoever. \"Whatever,\"nhe muttered, his face ashen. \"See you in two hours or something,nyeah?\" \"Makenit three,\" Chazz piped up, and Jimmy grinned. \"Mmmm,\"nthe coach murmured, standing up and exiting quickly, propping a straynbarrel against the door as he left and casting a parting glance atnhis embracing pairs team. He heard Jimmy telling Chazz that he lovednhim too, and he sighed in acceptance. It wasn't like he could donanything about it; he just truly didn't care to know. \"Whatever,\"nhe repeated softly, almost smiling, leaving the deep freeze entirely. ","Summary":" Authornnote: Hello guys! I watched this film recently, and I absolutelynadored it. I thought 'god, "},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Taking The Chance","Author":"Valhova","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5656198","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hace algunos días vi \"Blades of Glory\" . Los protagonistas, dos patinadores artísticos, son heterosexuales, pero al mismo tiempo se comportan tan… Gay. Están demasiado pendiente uno del otro como para ser normal. Y la trama se desarrolla de una manera muy divertida. A mí me encantó ^^ Taking The Chance Estaban practicando su nueva rutina en el viejo almacén de pescado congelado que un amigo le había prestado al entrenador Robert. La pareja debía efectuar un triple salto de manera coordinada pero no les estaba yendo nada bien hasta el momento. Por un lado, Jimmy parecía hacer una mala caída la mayoría de las veces. Y cuando finalmente lograba hacerlo, era Chazz quien realizaba el salto sin la fuerza suficiente para completar su tercer giro en el aire. El resultado en cada caso era siempre el mismo: uno de los dos terminaba en el suelo, deslizándose sin control sobre el hielo. Los patinadores lo intentaron una vez más. Ejecutaron alguna vueltas alrededor de la pista antes de acelerar hasta alcanzar la velocidad necesaria que requería ese tipo de salto. Sin embargo, no calcularon bien la distancia que les separaba esta vez y ese fallo imperdonable les hizo chocar en el aire. La caída fue estrepitosa, aunque no salieron heridos. Lo único seriamente dañado había sido su orgullo. Ambos se sintieron ridículos de cometer ese error típico de principiantes. A un costado de la pista, Jesse trató de contener la risa al verles; ellos estaban actuando de forma ridícula, en serio que sí. Junto a él, el entrenador Robert no parecía nada divertido con aquella situación. De seguir así alguno de ellos podría lastimarse seriamente y su entrenamiento ya había tenido un serio retraso debido a la fractura de tobillo que sufrió Chazz durante las Olimpiadas de Invierno en Montreal. El hombre cruzó sus brazos y dio un paso al frente. -¡Me tienen harto! –gritó de repente- ¡No puedo creer que no puedan completar un movimiento que a estas alturas de su carrera ya deberían hacer con los ojos cerrados! Todavía en el suelo, Jimmy se sonrojó. -Lo siento, entrenador. Trataré de hacerlo mejor la próxima vez. Chazz se puso en pie sin decir nada. Cuando su entrenador estaba furioso no era una buena idea que él le replicara. Generalmente eso sólo empeoraba las cosas. Le tendió la mano al rubio y el otro aceptó la ayuda para levantarse. Robert les lanzó una mirada penetrante que prometía todo tipo de pesadillas si no lo hacían mejor la próxima vez. Después suspiró. -Tomaremos un descanso, ¿de acuerdo? Quince minutos. Si luego de ese tiempo, ustedes no me muestran ese triple salto, les juro por Dios… No dijo más, pero no era necesario hacerlo. La pareja dio un paso atrás, comprendiendo implícitamente el resto del mensaje. Robert nunca amenazaba en vano. Jesse decidió aproximarse al grupo y colocó una mano en el hombro de Robert. -¿Qué tal un café caliente? Estoy seguro que te hará bien. -Sí, es verdad. Este par de cabezas huecas me van a dejar calvo uno de estos días debido al estrés. Ya no les aguanto, de veras, Jesse. Sus estupideces me van a volver loco. Pero mentía, y todos los sabían. Detrás de toda aquella regañina interminable se escondía un cariño sincero que Chazz y Jimmy apreciaban como si proviniera del padre que ellos nunca habían tenido -Y Jimmy también lo sentía así, pues Darren MacElroy, su padre adoptivo, jamás le brindó amor verdadero-. Un cariño que ellos también sentían hacia Robert y Jesse. La amistad que les unía era sólida y sincera. Aunque a veces enfrentara ese tipo de altibajos. Cuando la pareja se fue, Chazz y Jimmy se miraron uno al otro un instante y luego sonrieron con alivio. Chazz se encogió literalmente de hombros y luego se deslizó suavemente sobre el hielo hasta una de las cajas de pescado congelado. Allí se sentó y le hizo una seña a su compañero para que hiciera lo mismo a su lado. -Muy bien, MacElroy. Tiempo de hablar –comenzó el mayor una vez que el otro se le había unido. -¿De qué? –respondió el rubio, extrañado. -Del clima, genio. ¿Tú qué crees? ¡Has estado distraído todo el día y quiero saber por qué! Jimmy le respondió entrecerrando los ojos. -Yo no he estado distraído en lo absoluto. Y no te metas donde no te llaman, ¿vale? -Es mi problema también cuando tus errores afectan el trabajo en equipo. Y por Dios que pienso patear tu flacucho trasero si el entrenador me castiga a mí por tu culpa. -Eso sería imposible –arrugó el ceño-. Soy un patinador clásico de mucho talento, ¿recuerdas? Mi ejecución siempre resulta según los libros. Es simplemente perfecta. -Ajá –Chazz rodó los ojos, sabiendo muy bien que ésa sería su respuesta. Vaya sorpresa-. Y una mierda es perfecta. Te has caído no menos de cien veces esta mañana. Das pena, chico. Jimmy abrió y cerró la boca varias veces, boqueando como un pez. Estaba indignado con la acusación de su compañero. Apuntó su dedo a la nariz del otro, mostrando un gesto amenazador. -No comprendo por qué te quejas tanto. Tú has terminado en el suelo el mismo número de veces que yo, idiota. -Pero yo sólo quería mostrar un poco de solidaridad contigo, princesa. Nada más. Me caí a propósito, eso es todo. No me hubiese gustado que te vieras tan patético junto a un patinador de mi calibre. -¿Qué? ¡Eso no es verdad y lo sabes! Y no me llames así. -¿Cómo? ¿Princesa? ¿Te gustaría más que te llamara entonces príncipe? –Jimmy amenazó con darle un puñetazo y él se echó atrás rápidamente- ¡De acuerdo, de acuerdo! Joder, qué carácter. Chazz trató de mantenerse serio, pero no pudo. No estaba en su personalidad comportarse como un adulto durante mucho tiempo. Y Jimmy era tan gracioso… Se divertía mucho a su lado porque siempre era fácil sacarle de sus casillas. Cuando estaban juntos, él nunca llegaba a aburrirse. Todavía había un espíritu de rivalidad que les impulsaba constantemente a tratar de superarse uno al otro en la pista de hielo y muchas veces usaban ese sentimiento como arma para molestarse entre ellos, aunque esta vez no había una verdadera mala intensión detrás de todo eso. Discutían todo el tiempo, pero ya no en plan serio. Jimmy cruzó sus brazos y resopló. -Te odio, Michaels. De veras que sí. Chazz dejó escapar una carcajada sincera. -Claro que no. ¿Cómo podrías? No hay chica que se me resista en todo el mundo. -¡Pero yo no soy una chica! -Oh, vamos. Sabes bien que detrás de ese pelo rubio tuyo lleno de bucles y esa apariencia delicada se esconde toda una mujer. Por algo ocupas el lugar de la chica en esta pareja, ¿no? Y apenas dijo eso se levantó y alejó del otro patinando de prisa. -Eres hombre muerto, Chazz Michael Michaels. –respondió el rubio y luego se lanzó tras el otro. No había mucho espacio hacia donde correr. Chazz lo sabía y no le importaba. Él sólo estaba bromeando con el otro. Estaba seguro que el rubio no se había ofendido realmente por lo que había dicho. Ellos ahora eran verdaderos amigos. Se deslizó aprisa a través de la pista, escuchando las amenazas de Jimmy tras de él. Para cuando el más joven le alcanzó y derribó, ambos estaban muertos de risa. Sintió un intenso frío en el pecho cuando cayó sobre el hielo, pero se recobró pronto. Era más alto y más robusto que el otro y no pasó mucho tiempo antes de poder invertir sus posiciones. La respiración de ambos era agitada cuando Jimmy terminó de espalda en el hielo con Chazz sentado sobre su cadera, sosteniendo sus muñecas sobre su cabeza gracias a la fuerza de sus manos. Sus mejillas se habían sonrojado debido a la carrera y sus hermosas hebras doradas estaban algo desarregladas. Chazz pensó fugazmente que se veía muy atractivo, pero alejó inmediatamente ese pensamiento, sintiéndose aterrado y algo excitado al mismo tiempo. Que fuera un adicto al sexo no le daba derecho a desear a su compañero. Valoraba mucho su amistad como para arriesgarse a perderla por un calentón. Y no estaba dispuesto a confesarse todavía que ese… calentón no desaparecía desde el final de las Olimpiadas de Invierno. No señor. Se trataba simplemente de la enfermedad que le aquejaba y le hacía pensar en el rubio día y noche, a toda hora y sin descanso. Debería subir la dosis de su medicina; así tal vez pudiera alejar de su mente el deseo constante por probar sus labios y el recuerdo de su olor que le acompañaba a todas partes. Cerró sus ojos un instante, tratando de contener el ardiente deseo de besarlo. No había esperanza de que Jimmy pudiera corresponder sus sentimientos. Después de todo, él tenía una relación con Katie que parecía estable. Ellos formaban una gran pareja, aunque… Un momento. Chazz se dio cuenta repentinamente que no había visto a Katie en días . Sus ojos hicieron una conexión directa con los ojos del otro y luego lanzó la pregunta que le interesaba directamente. -¿Dónde está Katie, Jimmy? -¿Qué? Jimmy se había divertido bastante hasta el momento, pero escuchar esa pregunta alejó todo el buen humor. Chazz notó la repentina seriedad de su rostro y luego cómo forcejeaba por liberar sus brazos. Y él no pensaba dejarle ir tan fácilmente. -¿Dónde diablos está Katie? –insistió. El rubio imprimió más fuerza en tratar de liberarse. -Déjame ir. -No hasta que respondas mi pregunta. -No pienso responderte nada. ¡Y suéltame! -No señor. ¡MacElroy, háblame! -NO -¡Hazlo, maldita sea! -YA NO ESTAMOS JUNTOS, ¿OK? La respuesta del rubio le causó tanta sorpresa que olvidó mantener el agarre en sus muñecas. Jimmy aprovechó la oportunidad; empujó al mayor, que cayó de espalda en el hielo, mientras él se ponía de pie. Chazz se levantó en seguida. -¿Qué quieres decir con eso de que ya no están juntos? -Sólo… Déjame en paz. Jimmy le dio la espalda a su compañero y comenzó a alejarse. El moreno quiso ir tras él pero su entrenador regresó en ese momento. El descanso se había terminado. Chazz maldijo internamente su mala suerte. -Muy bien, damas. Quiero ver ahora ese triple salto –les dijo. Sostenía una taza de café humeante en su mano y parecía de mejor humor. Robert esperaba que el pequeño descanso que les había dado a los muchachos diera resultado, pero sucedió todo lo contrario. El desempeño de ambos sólo empeoró durante el resto del día. Parecía que habían perdido de repente toda la compenetración que habían alcanzado los últimos meses. Ya no se apreciaba el trabajo en equipo. Era como si dos completos extraños estuvieran frente a él ahora. Incluso Jesse parecía desconcertado con lo que veía ¿Qué diablos estaba pasando? Su ejecución fue tan mala que decidió parar el entrenamiento mucho antes de lo acostumbrado. No tenía sentido continuar así como estaban. Aquello era sólo una pérdida de tiempo para todos. Completamente furioso les ordenó quitarse los patines y recoger todas sus cosas mientras él iba a encender el vehículo –aunque probablemente sólo quería descargar su frustración gritando un poco a la intemperie-. Para cuando la pareja se montó en la camioneta, Robert les esperaba delante del volante con un semblante que no mostraba emoción alguna. *** Durante la cena los tres permanecieron en un silencio incómodo. El entrenador Robert se sentía decepcionado con el desempeño de los muchachos y también estaba preocupado por ellos; quizás estaba presionándoles demasiado o puede que sólo estuvieran cansados. Ya pensaría esa noche si sería aconsejable otorgarles algunos días de descanso o no. La idea tampoco era que alguno de ellos –o los dos- sufriera una lesión. Después Jimmy se quedó un rato en la cocina, pues esa noche le tocaba lavar la vajilla, y cuando entró a la habitación que compartía con Chazz las luces ya habían sido apagadas. El moreno estaba de espalda a la puerta y el otro no podía estar seguro de que aún estuviera despierto. Le hubiese gustado hablar con él, disculparse por haberle tratado tan rudamente en la mañana. Se dirigió al baño a lavarse los dientes, pero se detuvo a medio camino. Qué diablos, si no hablaba ahora sentía que iba a explotar. Se aproximó entonces a la pequeña litera que usaban para dormir. Chazz ocupaba la cama de arriba. Jimmy le pinchó la espalda con un dedo. -Oye, Chazz, ¿estás dormido? –preguntó. -¿No ves que sí? –respondió él a su vez con ironía. Chazz no se movió ni hizo intento por voltearse a mirarle. Jimmy suspiró; sabía que su compañero estaba enojado con él pero al menos le había respondido y eso ya era algo . -Estás molesto conmigo, ¿cierto? -Oh, No lo sé. ¿Qué te parece si me dejas ponerlo de esta forma?: En este momento yo preferiría hablar con Stranz y Fairchild Van Waldenberg antes que contigo. Y eso ya era decir bastante, pensó el rubio, desalentado. Después de todo, el par de hermanos casi había logrado arrebatarles la medalla de oro en Montreal debido a sus trampas. -¡Por favor! Lo siento mucho, ¿OK? No era mi intensión responderte de mala manera. Chazz se colocó la almohada sobre su cabeza. -Lo que sea. Mejor vamos a dormir. Jimmy le quitó la almohada de la cabeza y la arrojó al suelo. -Resolvamos esto ahora –dijo seriamente el rubio. El mayor suspiró y luego saltó de la cama al suelo. -Pensé que éramos amigos ¿vale? –comenzó sin poder contenerse más- Podías haberme dicho que Katie rompió contigo y no guardarte todo esa frustración para ti solo. ¿Pensabas que iba a reírme de ti o qué? Jimmy iba a replicar pero se arrepintió en el último momento. La expresión de su cara cambió de la vergüenza al enojo en un instante. -Un momento. Yo nunca dije que Katie me había dejado a mí . Además, sí, admítelo, reírte de la gente sería típico de ti. -Bueno… -no supo qué decir a eso-. Tienes razón. A ambas cosas, supongo –admitió-. ¿Pero entonces qué rayos pasó entre ustedes? -Yo terminé con ella. -¿Pero por qué? –quiso saber Chazz, sin comprender; su tono de voz era casi desesperado- Ustedes se la llevaban tan bien … -Yo… -el rubio dudó. Decirle la verdad al otro podría terminar su amistad. Y aquella amistad era algo que él atesoraba bastante. -Sólo dilo, bro . ¡Me vas a hacer perder la escasa paciencia que tengo de nuevo! -Pensé que amaba a Katie, ¿de acuerdo? pero luego me di cuenta que yo realmente quería a alguien más… ¿Ya estás satisfecho? Chazz se quedó sin aliento ¿Cómo que alguien más ? Ellos prácticamente sólo tenían contacto con el entrenador Robert y Jesse esos días, cielo santo. Él incluso había dejado de salir con chicas y ahora asistía regularmente a las reuniones de adictos al sexo. No podía haber alguien más, diablos. Respiró hondo, tratando de controlar el repentino ataque de celos. -¿De quién estás hablando? –no pudo evitar preguntar, porque a pesar de todo, necesitaba saberlo. Jimmy pareció dudar una vez más y ahora estaba incluso sonrojado. Chazz quiso lanzarse a su cuello y estrangularle hasta que el otro finalmente confesara. Al verle, el rubio suspiró, tomando finalmente una decisión. Pensaba arriesgarlo todo , porque de no hacerlo podría arrepentirse algún día. Sin embargo estaba muy nervioso y asustado, no podía negarlo; su corazón latía con tal fuerza en su pecho que ahora le costaba respirar. -Estoy hablando de ti –finalmente dijo con un hilo de voz. Luego desvió su mirada, sintiéndose un poco avergonzado. El pensamiento fugaz de que el rubio sólo se estaba burlando de él pasó por la mente de Chazz. De alguna forma el rubio se había enterado de sus sentimientos y ahora le estaba poniendo a prueba. Devastando, dio un paso atrás, imponiendo algo de distancia entre ambos. Luego cambió de idea y volvió a aproximarse. Era Jimmy de quien estaba dudando ahora. Jimmy, un chico que apenas tenía experiencia besando, un chico que sólo había tenido una novia en su vida –Katie-. Si Chazz era sincero consigo mismo, sabía que el rubio no era una persona tan ruin. Y ciertamente le gustaría poder decir lo mismo de él mismo. Los dos eran personas muy diferentes. Siempre lo habían sido, dentro y fuera de la pista de hielo. Chazz había recurrido a ese tipo de trucos para llevarse una chica a la cama muchas veces. Jimmy era demasiado noble para siquiera pensar en hacer algo así. La lógica era simple entonces: Jimmy decía la verdad. Jimmy había tenido al valor de hacer lo que él nunca pudo. Se había confesado primero. Chazz se regodeó un instante en la ironía de ese hecho y luego comenzó a sentir cierto pánico. Oh, Dios mío… Qué decir ahora, cómo responderle al otro. Jimmy parecía esperar una respuesta de su parte y él ciertamente no quería estropearlo todo con alguno de sus comentarios fuera de lugar. Pero qué diablos; él era una persona más de acción que de palabras ¿Por qué cambiar ahora? Lo que quería estaba justo frente a él. Y, maldita sea, iba a tomarlo. Aferró una mano a su nuca y le obligó a juntar sus labios en un beso feroz. Jimmy se sorprendió con esa acción pero no hizo intento en rechazarle o echarse atrás, lo cual complació mucho al otro. Los labios del rubio eran suaves y tibios y pronto el moreno tuvo la necesidad de adentrarse en su boca. Sabía que Jimmy era poco experimentado en ese tipo de intimidad, pero eso no parecía importarle o incomodarle. Él respondió con igual fervor, tratando de aprender al mismo tiempo que se permitía disfrutarlo. Y era dulce, tan dulce… Sus manos acariciaban sus cabellos, sus mejillas y cuello lentamente, mientras que su compañero tomaba su boca con pasión. Chazz estaba fascinado de aquella calidez. Y cuando el beso finalmente terminó, el rubio escondió el rostro en su cuello. El otro trató de no reír. Le parecía gracioso ese inesperado ataque de timidez después de aquel despliegue de lujuria, aunque tampoco se quejó por eso. -¿Sabes? –dijo, tratando de relajar un poco el ambiente- Por un momento pensé que me ibas a confesar tu incondicional amor por Jesse. Todavía en su cuello, Jimmy bufó. -Eso sólo prueba cuán idiota eres. -Hey, pero aún así me quieres, ¿no? -Sí, claro que sí. Pero… -su voz sonó algo temerosa- ¿qué hay de ti? -¿No crees que ya respondí a esa pregunta? -no podía creer que dudara a esas alturas si sus sentimientos eran correspondidos o no- Eres algo lento pare entender ciertas cosas, ¿no es verdad? Mejor déjame responderte de nuevo. Después de todo, me interesa aclarar bien ese punto contigo. Y sin decir más, Chazz volvió a besar a Jimmy. Y sumergidos en ese beso, ambos sonrieron. Terminado el 10 de enero de 2010 ","Summary":" Hace algunos días vi \"Blades of Glory\" . Los protagonistas, dos patinadores artísticos, son heter"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Z Is For Zigzag","Author":"creutzfeldt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4776346","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Z IS FOR ZIGZAG. (OR: HATE IS A STRONG WORD, BUT...) by alien trash. Warnings: Very vague hints of incest. Author's Notes: Part of an A-Z prompts table. (: --- He found a disgusting sort of perfection in the way she moved. The effortless, faultless manner in which she carved the ice made him want to hate her, and he watched every change of direction with bated breath; sometimes, he willed her to fall. He wanted her to show him that she could stumble just as readily as he, but she never did. She pressed casual chevrons into the ice, zigzags marking her path like breadcrumbs for a new age. And he felt sick. Stranz hunched over in the stalls, nursing the cold burns that scarred his palms after yet another fall. Below, on the ice, Fairchild turned a lazy circle. She reminded him with nothing but action alone that it was her, not him, who was born with the talent. While practicing, while remaining out in the ice long after nightfall, he had to repeat everything to excess. His style was dictated by arrogance, every second of footwork oozing confidence and flare from so many long sessions, but it wasn't enough. She was still the natural. She was still better . So when he looked down at her, aesthetic perfection in every angle she laid into the ice, Stranz found himself troubled; he hated her. He hated the smugness and the beauty that seeped out of every inch of her, and he hated how she never cared enough to glance up and see him watching. He hated how good she was, and how he couldn't get that out of his mind. He hated how she got under his skin and made him want to choke-- And how much he loved her because of it. ","Summary":" Z IS FOR ZIGZAG. (OR: HATE IS A STRONG WORD, BUT...) by alien trash. Warnings: Very vague hints of "},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Escapism","Author":"Little Eirtae","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3579260","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Escapism, or How Stranz and Fairchild Eventually Got Banned from Disney World Pairing: Stranz/Fairchild Rating: PG-13 or T Word Count: 900 Warnings: Twincest, oh noes! Plus the defilement of the dreams and fantasies of children everywhere. A/N: Written for the Travel Challenge during Amnesty Week at the bog100 LJ community. Parts I, II, IV, and V are 100-word drabbles; part III is a 500-word drabble. I \"So, Stranz and Fairchild, what are you going to do now that you've got your very first gold medal?\" The reporter made the unfortunate decision to offer the microphone to Stranz first. \"Wear it in the shower!\" Stranz declared with his usual inappropriate enthusiasm. Fairchild took advantage of the crowd's momentary bewilderment to simultaneously bring her stiletto heel sharply down on her brother's foot and grab the microphone from the hands of the flummoxed reporter. She pasted on her most charming smile and giggled saccharinely. \"Silly Stranz! Actually ...\" She paused dramatically before announcing, \"We're going to Disney World, of course!\" II Their first day at the happiest place on earth was surprisingly peaceful. Granted, Stranz's misguided attempt to join the hula girls onstage during an evening luau had ended rather embarrassingly. And despite professing to be \"quite gifted\" when it came to video games, he managed to break nearly every \"fastest loser\" record at the Disney Virtual Reality Arcade. The first time he \"died\" in-game, Fairchild had to slap him to convince him that he wasn't actually dead; luckily, he handled it better each subsequent time. All in all, Fairchild reflected as they climbed into bed, it was a good day. III It was twilight in the Magic Kingdom on the last day of their trip. After being stalked by tweenaged fangirls all day and forced to sign more autographs than Mickey and Minnie combined, the exhausted siblings were headed for the exit. \"I wanna stay and watch the fireworks show,\" Stranz muttered sulkily. \"I'm beginning to think that there's a downside to this whole fame thing,\" Fairchild sighed, ignoring him. Abruptly, he grabbed her arm and started pulling her in the opposite direction. \"I've got an idea!\" he proclaimed. \"Stranz!\" she rebuked sharply. \"Let go of me this instant!\" \"It's a good one this time!\" he pleaded, wide-eyed and pouting. It was the pout that did her in. He dragged her through the park, past crowds streaming toward Cinderella's Castle to catch the fireworks. \"Where are we going ?\" she whined for the tenth time. \"You'll see,\" he repeated. They rounded a corner and found themselves at the Treehouse, an extensive network of swinging bridges and winding staircases nestled in the branches of a giant tree. He started up the first staircase and beckoned for her to follow him. She rolled her eyes theatrically, but obeyed. She was still griping when they reached the top, but Stranz placed a finger on her lips and pointed at the illuminated sky. \"Look.\" The entire Magic Kingdom stretched out before them, as if they were floating on a dais borne by clouds and rustling leaves. In the distance she could see the castle itself, the only structure that rivaled their height. The fireworks bathed everything below in vibrant blues, greens and reds. She tore her gaze away from the magnificent sight to see Stranz watching her triumphantly. \"I knew you'd like it,\" he said, and she was struck by the mixture of pride and hopefulness in his voice, as if he wanted nothing more in the world than to please her. \"It's beautiful,\" she replied softly. She leaned against the railing, and he tentatively moved closer and wrapped his arms around her waist. And because the view was so breathtaking, and this was their last day of vacation, and he tried so hard to make her happy, she let him. Far below, she could see the silhouettes of stragglers frantically rushing to catch the last few minutes of fireworks, and she giggled at the irony. It was hard to imagine that Stranz, of all people, was the only guest in the whole park to realize the perfect view available from up here. And she had to hand it to him – this place was incredibly peaceful. The only noises were the wind in the leaves, the \"pop\" of the fireworks, and the sound of the kisses he pressed into her hair. She knew she shouldn't encourage these displays of intimacy, especially in public, but the falseness and severity of real life would begin again tomorrow. So for now she settled against his chest, sighing contentedly, and thinking briefly that this was almost as good as skating. IV Years later, it hurt to remember that trip. They had been so young, so optimistic. After winning their first gold medal, they felt like they could conquer the world. And they had... for a while. But huddled in a corner, staring at the grey walls of her prison cell, it occurred to Fairchild that the moment in the treehouse had been one of the last truly happy times they had spent together. When they returned home, it began again – grueling practices, rigorous schedules, the endless quest for more . If she ever got a chance, Fairchild vowed to do things differently. V When they won in the appeals courts years later, they returned to their treehouse spot to celebrate. They entered through the exit because it was quicker, and raced up the twisting steps to the uppermost platform, high on life and giddy with adrenaline. He pinned her against the railing and crushed his lips to hers, fingers toying with the zipper of her miniskirt. Fireworks crackled overhead, but they, who had participated in three Wintersport Games opening ceremonies, barely noticed. For them, there was only touch and taste and each other. This was the perfect opposite of prison. This was freedom. ","Summary":" Title: Escapism, or How Stranz and Fairchild Eventually Got Banned from Disney World Pairing: Stran"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Opposites","Author":"Cowgirl Of Egypt","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5173932","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The onlynreason Chazz agreed to pair with Jimmy was so he could seduce him.nPlain simple. It had been obvious in that cell after their secondnfight that somewhere along the way his hate for Jimmy MacElroy hadnturned to lust to need and finally to love. Then that stupid KatienVan Whatever-her-face came along and snatched up his Jimmy.nHe'd put on a brave face for the cameras and Jimmy but in truth henhad been, and still was, damn right miserable because they werentogether. It hadnalways been about him and Jimmy in the men's singles. It was allnabout Chazz and Jimmy in pair skating but never Chazz and Jimmy awaynfrom the ice. It never went further than that. It wasn't fair!nKatie wasn't even pretty…unless she was wearing hardly anynclothes. Chazz knewnJimmy was different to him in everyway. Jimmy was a child ofnprivilege. A classic skater defined by elegance, precision and thenability to endure great pain – something Chazz could never be.nSkating little orphan awesome. Chazz was pretty much the opposite ofnJimmy. Sex on ice they called him. A sex addict, an ice-devouring sexntornado. Personal Philosophy: Clothing optional. That didn't matternto Chazz. Did it matter to Jimmy? Chazz wasn't sure. Maybe it wasntime to find out. \"HeynMacElroy!\" he called as Jimmy entered their cabin. \"Hi…\"nJimmy greeted miserably, disappearing into the kitchen. Chazz frownednand got up from the hard sofa that took up most of the room andnfollowed Jimmy. \"What'snup with you Princess?\" he asked. \"Indumped Katie,\" Jimmy told him, leaning on the kitchen worktops withnan unhappy expression etched on his face. Secretly Chazz was jumpingnfor joy but he put on a sympathetic face for his skating partner. \"If itnmakes you unhappy then why did you do it?\" \"Itndidn't feel right with her, okay?\" Jimmy snapped \"What do youncare anyway?\" \"I-I'mnyour skating partner,\" he stammered. Jimmy rolled his eyes. \"Right.nGood excuse,\" he muttered harshly before turning away and openingnthe fridge. Chazz folded his arms. \"It'snnot just dumping Katie that's got you down is it?\" Jimmy slammednthe fridge door. \"Can'tnyou just let it go?\" he half yelled at Chazz. Chazz took a stepnback, unnerved. What had happened to Jimmy to get him so wound up?n\"If you must know! I'm pissed off with you! \" \"Whatnhave I done?\" Chazz whined uncharacteristically. Jimmy balled hisnhands into fists. Chazz noticed he was shaking. \"You'renalways there. Even when you're not there! Even when I was withnKatie, I was constantly looking over my shoulder for you all thentime!\" Jimmy shouted. Chazz was shocked. Jimmy never shouted. nLeast of all at him. Chazz didn't know what to say. \"Sometimes Inreally hate you,\" Jimmy complained. Chazz couldn't take thatnlying down. \"No onenhates Chazz Michael Michaels,\" he snarled \"Not even younPrincess.\" Before Jimmy could reply Chazz threw himself at Jimmy,npinning the younger skater to the kitchen cupboards and kissing himnferociously. Instead of fighting, as Chazz expected him to, Jimmynkissed him back almost hungrily. Oh yes, Chazz thought as he draggednJimmy to their shared bedroom, no one could resist The Chazz. ","Summary":" The onlynreason Chazz agreed to pair with Jimmy was so he could seduce him.nPlain simple. It had be"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Prince Charming","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4599034","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"Prince Charming\" Author: Pirate Turner Dedicated To: My own beloved Prince and frog, Jack :-) Rating: PG for language Summary: Jimmy looks every bit the fairy tale Princess awaiting true love's kiss, but Chazz is no Prince Charming. Warnings: Slash Disclaimer: Chazz, Jimmy, and Blades of Glory are & TM their respective owners, not the author, and are used without permission. Everything else is & TM the author. The author makes absolutely no profit off of this work of fan fiction, and no copyright infringement is intended. He gazed down into his lover's face, shocked into complete stillness by the awesome beauty contained therein. His partner was already more beautiful than any being he had ever laid eyes on before, but he seemed to grow more and more beautiful every time he saw him until his beauty eclipsed the golden rays of the morning sun, the shimmering silver light of moonbeams, the gold of the trophy cups they both coveted, and everything in between. He was so beautiful it was beyond words, but watching him sleep peacefully now, Chazz was reminded of a fairy Princess. Jimmy slept as though he hadn't a care in the world, his delicate eyelashes seeming even more fragile and as dark as ebony against a face so flawless and beautiful it took Chazz's breath away. His skin looked as white as snow and, Chazz knew, if he were to reach out and touch him, his flesh would feel as soft as freshly fallen snow. His rosy lips were soft and supple, calling to him to kiss him and making Chazz's own mouth drier with need. The tender curls that topped his blonde head surrounded his face like a golden halo. Chazz swallowed hard, a lump growing in his throat. His beloved did look every bit the part of a slumbering fairy tale Princess awaiting true love's kiss, but he was no Prince Charming. His eyes drifted back to his mouth, but he hesitated in kissing him as he contemplated that thought. As Chazz watched, Jimmy began to squirm slightly in his sleep, his growing discontent marring the sheer perfection of his beauty. Chazz looked on in concern, and as his love began to murmur incoherently in his sleep and fear replaced his discontent, his eyes flashed in fury. He knew what he was dreaming about, of whom, and his upper lip curled back in a silent snarl. Yet, even as his fingers curled into fists that ached to wrap around the throat of the man who was responsible for his beloved's fear, concern began to overpower the anger. Jimmy was so afraid that Chazz could feel him trembling beneath him in the bed, even though he barely touched him. His squirms and murmurs were growing in intensity, and he knew his dreams were taking a turn for the worst. Chazz started to lean closer to him but paused. Dare he try? He had never been good at reassuring any one, much less the softer side of love, but he wanted to comfort Jimmy. As Jimmy's mouth opened to cry out, Chazz covered his mouth with his own. He kissed him long, deep, and soundly, but his tongue, for once, never touched his love's mouth for this was the only time he had ever kissed any one in hopes of calming them instead of enticing them to passion's blaze. He did not want to wake Jimmy, although the thought of making love to him again was always a temptation that he had to struggle to resist when he did. He did not want to simply overpower his fears with passion, however; he wanted to change his dreams. He wanted to calm him by erasing his fear with love and transforming his nightmares into good dreams of their glorious future together. As he continued to kiss him, he slowly began to feel some of the tenseness ease out of his beloved's body. He deepened the kiss, pouring all the love he held for him and all the need he felt to reassure him into the kiss. Ever so slowly, Jimmy relaxed until he ceased moving entirely. Chazz pulled back slowly, his dark eyes sweeping over his partner for some sign that would tell him he had failed. He found none. Jimmy was smiling again in that adorably sweet smile that always had the power to make Chazz's knees weak when they weren't arguing. His chest rose and fell in the soft, slowed pattern of peaceful sleep. Chazz grinned, then whispered in a quiet, husky tone, \"He'll never hurt you again. I promise.\" It was a promise he would keep, no matter the cost, for if the bastard ever did return to try to harm his beloved Jimmy, he would make him wish he had never been born. His fingers flexed into fists at the mere thought, eager to pummel the jerk until there was nothing left but a bloody skeleton. Chazz shoved the image from his brain. He'd deal with him if he was ever stupid enough to show his ugly face again, but until then, he'd focus as much as he could on making Jimmy happy and living their life together in a way that would leave him without any cause to have fear ever mar his beauty again. Chazz leaned forward one more time and kissed his love gently on the forehead. As he laid down beside him, a smile that stretched from ear to ear burst upon his face. He had done it! He had reassured his love and erased his fears with but a kiss! Maybe he wasn't Prince Charming yet. Maybe he was still just a frog bumping his ass on the ground, but he could be his Sleeping Beauty's Prince as long as Jimmy loved him and that's all that mattered. Chazz wrapped an arm around his partner and slept the rest of the night with that huge grin on his face. The End ","Summary":" Title: \"Prince Charming\" Author: Pirate Turner Dedicated To: My own beloved Prince and frog, Jack"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Ways and Means","Author":"Little Eirtae","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3695842","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Ways and Means Characters: Stranz, Fairchild, and Katie Van Waldenberg. Rating: PG for one instance of profanity. Word Count: 100 x 3 drabbles A/N: Written for the Obsession Challenge at the bog100 community on LiveJournal. Her obsession is winning. It's standing under the hot sun in a black velvet dress and watching twin coffins being lowered into matching graves. It's the echo of their mother's last words spinning in her head: Your father and I are just going out for a little while, sweetie. You two practice hard while we're gone. We want a prize-winning routine out of you when we get back! It's the tears that rolled down her twin's cheeks as he turned to her for guidance, and the duty of fulfilling last wishes. \"What do we do now, Fairchild?\" \"We go practice.\" His obsession is perfection. It comes from years of eavesdropping – On classmates: He can't jump rope. He can't count high enough. On other skaters: He must suck if he can't find a partner besides his sister. On his parents: Stranz is lucky he's a good skater. He'd never be able to hold down a job. and taunts – From teachers: Why can't you pay attention? From her: You fuck everything up! Even Katie is more competent than you. It's easy for Fairchild to care about winning for winning's sake. She doesn't have to prove herself to the world every single day. Their sister's obsession is them. She has always been an outsider, and they are the epitome of partnership. Inclusion. Family. But they do bad things – shocking, unethical things. She knows this. She feels like one of those witnesses on cop shows, the ones afraid to testify because they themselves are far from guiltless. Because she's their accomplice. They smile and tell her she's part of Team Van Waldenberg. Sometimes she almost believes it. She thinks that if they ever get caught, she'll go to prison along with them. Maybe that's the only place where the three of them truly belong. ","Summary":" Title: Ways and Means Characters: Stranz, Fairchild, and Katie Van Waldenberg. Rating: PG for one i"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Tear Me Down","Author":"J.L. Hastings","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4879870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author: Tinkerbella Title: Tear Me Down Rating: T for some language and more mature themes. Summary: Why did Stavros hate the thought of Nikko being a rock-star so much? What happened to their parents? Nikko and Stavros have some pretty dark shadows in their pasts that they have been trying to escape them most of their lives. What happens when those shadows come back to haunt them? Will Nikko be able to explain his problems to Courtney? Or will he let the shadows tear him down? Additional Author's Notes: This story was born on the first night that I watched Spectacular and I hope all of you enjoy it! It's pretty mature and has themes of spousal and child abuse, so if these things are triggering or especially uncomfortable for you, then I would suggest avoiding it. That said, this is also a sort of sweet romance type of thing, and that chemistry we see between Courtney and Nikko will still be there and the corny jokes won't be absent, so please read and review! ^_^ Prologue: Shadows Lightning crashed outside and a young Nikko jumped and cuddled into his big brother's side, his small frame shaking from head to toe. Screaming echoed throughout the home, as Zoë Alexander told her husband, Elias, exactly what she thought of him and his destructive tendencies and his dead-end career. Whether Nikko's fear was caused by the thunderstorm outside or the fighting going on in the home, even Nikko wasn't sure. Stavros just softly murmured soothing words in his baby brother's ear and tried to ignore their parents, tried to ignore the sound of flesh hitting flesh that followed his mother's outburst. Moments later, they heard a flurry of footsteps heading towards the small bedroom that the two boys shared. \"They're coming,\" Nikko whispered fearfully, his voice quivering. What if Daddy wanted to yell at them, too? Or hit them, like he hit mommy? \"Shh…Nothing's going to happen. It's probably just mom coming to take us away from him…she said we were going to be able to live happily ever after once he was gone,\" Stavros said; having been the older of the two by almost 6 years, Stavros was privy to more than his 5 year old brother. In fact, Zoë told him just about everything for lack of anyone else to vent to. Moments later, their door burst open and their mother stumbled in; her blonde hair was a tangled mess upon her head and there was blood coming out of a split lip. Two large, dark purple bruises were forming over her eyes, which were the same brown, almost black, color as Stavros's own. Indeed, Stavros took after her in every aspect except for the color of his hair. Nikko had his father's green eyes and dark hair, but his smile was very similar to his mother's. \"Stavros, honey, your father's coming. I need you to pretend you didn't see me. Can you do that for me? Can you tell Daddy that I was never here?\" Zoë said in a frantic voice, her frail arms shooting out as she took Stavros's shoulders in her small hands. Unable to say anything else, Stavros just nodded and Zoë scrambled over to their window, which lead out to a fire escape. She smiled brightly at her boys. \"I love you, and I promise, one day, I'll take you with me,\" Zoë said, and then she disappeared over the edge of the window and all they heard was the sound of her feet as she tore down the fire escape in record time. \"Where's mommy going? Is she coming back?\" Nikko asked, confusion etched into his face. As if on cue, their father crowded their doorway, the smell of alcohol permeating the air around him. He looked wild, his face a deep shade of red the suggested his huge amount of anger. He looked around the room before his glare landed on his children. \"Where is she!? Where'd the bitch go!?\" he growled, his voice a low rumble that probably helped him garner his bad-ass reputation in the local music district. \"She w---\" Nikko began, tears streaming down his face as the confusion and fear lead to a large amount of frustration that was too much for the small child to deal with. Stavros's hand shot out and covered Nikko's mouth, preventing him from saying anything else. \"Nowhere. She's not here,\" he said, his voice just barely quivering in a way that Nikko thought very brave. Elias's glare came to rest on the older of the two children, his face flushing an even deeper shade of purple. Without warning, he drunkenly lurched towards Stavros, his own muscular and tattooed arms mirroring what Zoë had done just moments before, but he did this in a much more violent manner. His large hands gripped Stavros's shoulders painfully and the smell of stale beer made Stavros want to vomit. Perceiving that Nikko might get hurt, Stavros pushed his younger sibling off of the bed and Elias began shaking Stavros, shouting, \"Where the hell is she!? If you're lyin' to me, boy, then you'd better say your prayers cuz I'll kill you!\" Stavros just glared up at him, his lips closed tightly both in anger and in refusal to tell his father anything. Even more angry than before, Elias released Stavros's shoulders and placed his hands around his eldest's neck. \"Did you hear me, boy!? I'll kill you!\" Nikko began crying in earnest when he beheld this. \"Stop it!\" he protested weakly, pulling himself to his feet. \"You're hurting him!\" Elias showed no sign of stopping; in fact, if anything, his hands tightened even more around the small neck, until Stavros couldn't breathe at all, his face turning red as he tried to pull in breath; he could no longer stop himself from letting a few tears out, and weakly put his hands up to push his father off of him in an attempt to get himself free. Nikko reached for his father's big arm, pulling at it and yelling, over and over, for him to stop hurting Stavros. When this didn't help either, Nikko began pounding at the arm with his tiny fists. As if swatting at a particularly persistent insect, Elias flashed his arm out and lashed out at Nikko, sending the small child to the ground painfully. Elias suddenly loosened his grip on Stavros's throat, allowing the boy to pull in a painful breath, and stared down at the 5 year old who was sobbing, incoherent words spouting from him. Elias then stumbled backwards, as if just realizing what he was doing and his back hit the wall. He was breathing hard and staring at his children, who were both crying, Nikko on the floor and Stavros on the bed, a look of shock, hurt and anger on his face as he held his throat. Without a second glance, Elias lurched out of the room and thundered down the hall, slamming the room to his bedroom when he reached it. Stavros finally stopped holding his throat and stood up, walked over to his own bedroom door and closed it, turning the lock afterwards in case Elias came back for more. That done, Stavros then reached down and picked Nikko up, holding the sobbing child close to his chest as he sat back in the bed and pulled the cover over the two of them. Meanwhile, the storm raged on outside and the boys were left to wonder what would become of them, now that their mother had abandoned them to their drunken father. ~*****~ Author's Note: So, what did you think? Did you enjoy it? I really hope that more and more people come to post Spectacular fan fictions and as the number of fictions grow, readers shall grow also. Thank you and don't forget to review! ^_^[Chapter 2] A/N: Yep…already posting the next chapter. What can I say? It's the weekend and I don't THINK I have any homework, and well…I'm hooked on Spectacular! What can I say? Anywho, here's the next chapter. Please review! ^_^ Oh, and for the record, I have never been to WA, so I don't know what kind of hospitals or things like that are actually functioning, so I figured I'd use one that I had heard of on a website. Chapter One: Wake Up Call It had been twelve years since their mother disappeared and Elias turned on them. Twelve years, and Nikko still woke up screaming during a thunderstorm, the smell of alcohol and sweat surrounding him, smothering him. He had never gotten over it, not even when his brother had finally managed to get him away and send their father to prison when Stavros had turned eighteen. Nikko had been twelve (almost thirteen) years old at the time. Taking a deep breath, Nikko reached up and pushed a strand of his brown hair to the side so it would be out of his face. It was morning, he realized faintly. He could smell pancakes cooking in the kitchen and could hear his brother humming some old Greek lullaby their mother used to sing, before she had abandoned them. Bitterness welled up in his chest when he thought about Zoë and he had to willfully push it down; that was all in the past. He had a different life now. He had Courtney, and he had Spectacular, and they were all getting pretty popular. In fact, they had a small loyal fan base at their high school that always begged them to put on a show in the auditorium or at some fair or other. Nearly everybody had a copy of their single, and they were fast becoming famous even in neighboring towns and counties. People from rival high schools came to see their shows, and even paid a bit of money, which certainly helped finance a lot of things; not that their record deal didn't pay for most of it, but they did have to give some of that money to Nels and the other members of Flux, and also had to give some of the money to the school (the principal claimed that Spectacular, as an after school activity, had to share whatever money that they earned with the school; they had tried to contest the fact, but eventually, the school won). Even so, the success of \"Everything can Change\" was pretty unbelievable, especially considering that the single had only been out for about 2 weeks. Finishing the single had taken a lot more time than Nikko had thought, but it had all been worth it. In fact, it was downright exhilarating. On the day after their single came out, he remembered Courtney nearly passing out with surprise to see people wearing Spectacular T-Shirts, asking them to sign their copies of the single and telling them how much they enjoyed listening to it. A soft smile came to his lips as he thought about Courtney. She was…amazing. So full of energy, so full of life. Sure, she still had moments where she was scared to take chances, but she was getting better and Nikko loved her for it. That's when he realized that he was supposed to meet Courtney for breakfast this morning at the café down the street. Jumping out of bed, Nikko nearly fell face first onto the floor. His blankets were wrapped around his ankles and he had to hop around for a minute before escaping them. He was only wearing a pair of navy blue boxers and a band t-shirt, so he grabbed the first pair of pants he saw on the floor and pulled them on, then grabbed his favorite black hoodie and put it on. Quickly, he stumbled out of the room and ran towards the single bathroom that he and his brother shared in their apartment to brush his teeth. When that was done, he looked at his bed-head and just ruffled it a bit before leaving it alone; after all, bed-head was getting pretty stylish these days. That done, he rushed towards the front door. Stavros, startled by the abruptness of his little brother, glanced at him. \"Off so early? You know it's the weekend right? I made pancakes,\" he said, holding up a plate of the golden-brown breakfast food. \"Sorry, bro; I'm supposed to be meeting Court for breakfast,\" he said, grabbing his wallet (which he had left on the couch accidentally the night before), and stuffing it in his back pocket. \"Later!\" he called then, leaving his very confused older brother in his wake. Stavros sighed. \"Guess I'll be eating all this alone,\" he muttered, glancing down at the large plate of pancakes. ~*****~ \"You're late!\" Courtney said, not wasting any time in berating her boyfriend. She stood at the table she had been holding for them for the past 30 minutes, her arms folded disapprovingly across her chest. Nikko had the decency to look abashed, but quickly recovered, flashing her a bright smile. \"I was too busy dreaming of you,\" he said in perfect innocence. Courtney tried her hardest to hold in her laughter and keep her stern pose, but his look was too much, and eventually she cracked and her laughter bubbled out of her, which only served to make Nikko smile even more brightly; he loved her laugh. Assuming he was done being in trouble, he reached across and pecked Courtney softly on her lips and then sat down; she followed. \"What were you really doing, Nikko?\" she said, picking up her menu and looking over it at him. \"Just laying around, I guess. I really was thinking of you, though. Scout's honor!\" Nikko held up his hand in a mock Scout-Salute, and then picked up his own menu. He quickly scanned over the choices, then looked up at Courtney. \"I don't even know what half of this is! Don't they have anything that doesn't start with frappa-mocha-latte-chai-thingy?\" he said. Courtney rolled her eyes. \"Those are coffees, idiot,\" she said, reaching over and flipping the menu over to the other side, \"Look at the food selection; I assure you none of them start with…whatever it is you just said.\" A happy smile lilted her lips even as she made fun of him, and Nikko was struck again by how beautiful she was. It wasn't that she was what every guy dreamed of; she didn't have a perfectly symmetrical face, or a make-up covered facade, but rather, she had a beauty that was all her own and completely unique, not to mention, natural; it was breathtaking. Feeling that she was being stared at, she met his eyes again. \"Take a picture, it lasts longer,\" she said. Nikko laughed. \"Sorry…Anyways, I think I'll have a simple omelet. What about you?\" \"That sounds good…I think I'll have the same,\" Courtney agreed and held up her hand to signal that she was ready to order. When the waiter came over, she quickly told him exactly what she wanted in her omelet. She did this with complete attention to detail; Nikko found it hilarious that, even in food, Courtney still liked things folded neatly in a box, not even touching the corners, as Janet had said. When the waiter finished taking Courtney's order, he glanced at Nikko. \"And what would you like in your omelet, sir?\" he said. Nikko smirked. \"Surprise me,\" he said, and Courtney kicked him under the table, letting him know that she got the joke. The waiter smiled, asked if they needed anything else and then took the menus away. \"Ow, what'd you have to kick me for?\" Nikko said, trying to sound scandalized but managing to sound amused instead. \"Nikko Alexander, I can tell when I'm being made fun of! Are you going to tell me that now I have to be spontaneous when I'm eating, too?\" she said jokingly. He shrugged. \"It couldn't hurt,\" he said, and she kicked him again before both of them settled down to wait for their food to arrive. ~*****~ Stavros sighed; his stomach was killing him, so he had decided that it was time for a trip to the store to get some Pepto Bismol. He also decided to get a few groceries so he could make Courtney's favorite food for dinner; she had called and asked if she could eat with them that night and Stavros loved cooking for people, so he had immediately agreed. Now seemed as good a time as any to get all of the ingredients he needed. Unfortunately, he hadn't counted on having such a hard time finding the perfect spinach for his much-loved Spanakopita. \"Oh!\" an exclamation behind him caused Stavros to turn around, his curiosity immediately taking over. His dark eyes came to rest on two women, one was older, with a pale blonde bob; she looked to be in her late 40s, early 50s. Something about the woman triggered something, but he hadn't quite figured out what it was when the woman suddenly moved towards him. The younger woman, who Stavros figured was a nurse of some kind, tried to grab hold of her. \"Zoë! Please, you're confusing the poor gentleman,\" she cried. Stavros immediately dropped everything he was holding and stared at the older woman. No…it couldn't be…it was impossible. She couldn't be… \"Stavros!\" Zoë cried, wrapping two arms that looked like they were made of nothing but bone around him. \"I'm terribly sorry, sir; you see, she thinks that you're her son. The poor woman's mind has been ruined by drugs, and she doesn't really know what she's doing, so please forgive her,\" the nurse said, trying to pull Zoë off of him. \"M-mom?\" he whispered, ignoring the nurse and holding the blonde woman out at arm's length. She looked terrible; her dark eyes were sunken and her hair looked like it hadn't been brushed in a long while. At the corners of her eyes, pronounced crow's feet marked the passage of time. She wasn't wearing decent clothes; just a fluffy pink bathrobe. Even though only twelve years had passed since she had walked out on her family, Zoë Alexander looked like it had been thirty instead; age had not treated her well. And yet…yet, Stavros knew it was her. There was a kind of recognition in her eyes. \"What happened to you?\" he said, his voice cracking as he took her in. \"Um…excuse me, but are you saying that you really are her son?\" the woman said. Stavros looked up at her and only managed to nod. The nurse heaved a sigh. \"Oh, thank god! We've been trying to find her family for ages---ever since she stumbled into our sanitarium five years ago, in fact. Oh, my name's Quinn…Quinn McCarthy,\" the woman said, holding out her hand. Only now did Stavros allow himself to actually look at the younger woman; she was quite beautiful, with long, wavy red hair, grey eyes and a dusting of freckles across her pale cheeks. \"I…um…my name is Stavros; Stavros Alexander,\" he said, taking the proffered hand and shaking it, mechanically. His day had become incredibly confused. \"Did you say…that her mind has been ruined by drugs?\" he said, meaning, of course, Zoë. To himself, he thought, 'How far have you fallen, mom, since you left us?' A sad look crossed Quinn's face and she nodded. \"When she came, she was hugely addicted to heroine and crack. We managed to get her to quit, but by then, her mind had already been broken so we decided it was safer for her to stay with us. We tried to find her family, but she never told us her last name. Just said that her name was Zoë and that she needed to find her boys. It's really…well, incredible, that we actually found you. This wasn't the first time that she claimed a stranger was one of her sons; I never expected that you would actually be him,\" Quinn stated. Stavros felt his heart break at her words and he looked at his long-lost mother, who was gingerly picking around in the produce isle, completely oblivious to the fact that he and Quinn were talking about her. \"How the hell did this happen?\" he muttered, rubbing his face. He then looked at his watch. Nikko was bound to be home soon. He wondered how he was going to explain all of this to him. Stavros knew that Nikko still held a grudge against their mother for leaving them; he didn't understand the sort of pain their mother had gone through, or how hard it had been for her to leave them as she had done…this was made painfully evident by the addictions she had fallen to. Quinn suddenly looked at her own watch and a look of alarm passed over her face. \"Oh, no! I'm sorry, but we have to go. If you want to see your mother, just come by the Western State Sanitarium, in Tacoma. Ask for me at the reception's desk and I'll lead you to your mother,\" Quinn said and then took his mother by the arm and pulled her gently away from the food. She protested weakly and tried to latch onto Stavros. \"I'll come see you, Mom,\" he assured her, then planted a kiss on her sallow cheek. Quinn smiled at him, then looked at his mother. \"Come on, Zoe. We have to get back to the hospital now. Don't you want to see Ginger and Trevor?\" Quinn coaxed, pulling her down the isle towards the door. Stavros watched her go, then picked up his basket and went about the process of finding the rest of his ingredients, his stomach ache all but forgotten now. ~*****~ A/N: That's it for this chapter. Thanks for reading and I look forward to any reviews I can get! ^_^[Chapter 3] A/N:nAnd…another! Please review, especially all you fabulous people thatnfavorite and alert my story! I like to hear from you, too, you know!nSo don't be shy. ^_^ Oh,nand I'd like to apologize for not replying individually to all ofnyour reviews. When I got them, the website wouldn't let me log in,nso I decided I'd give you one big thank you on here! Thanks to eachnand every one of your for all of your great reviews and I hope thisnchapter isn't a disappointment! ChapternTwo: Unwanted Reminder Nikkonreturned just in time for dinner, hand in hand with Courtney; fornStavros, the 4 hours that had passed since his strange encounter withnhis mother had seemed like forever. He wanted to tell Nikko, but fornthe life of him, he didn't know how he was supposed to go aboutndoing that, especially with Courtney staying for a while. He hadnthought that Nikko would return immediately after his breakfast withnCourtney and that he would have time to talk to him before dinner,nbut that hadn't been the case. \"Hey,nbro,\" Stavros greeted, nodding in Nikko's direction, \"And you,ntoo, Court. The Spanakopita is almost done.\" \"Thanks,nStavros!\" Courtney said. Stavros really liked Nikko's girlfriend;nshe was polite and bubbly, and he figured that she was just what hisntroubled brother needed in his life to calm him down some. \"Anyntime. Um…Nikko, do you have a minute? I…uh, need to talk to you.\"nStavros said, glancing at Courtney. Getting the hint, Courtneynglanced between them and offered a smile. \"I'll just go up to thenroof and relax for a while,\" she said, quickly retreating. Nikkonknew it was serious if Stavros wanted to talk to him in private.n\"What is it?\" he said. Fear was making Nikko's heart pound; hendidn't even know what he was afraid of, just that the look onnStavros's face meant bad news. \"There'snno really easy way to say this but, Nikko…I…mom, I saw herntoday,\" Stavros said, figuring that the best way to say what henneeded to say was just outright saying it. Itnfelt to Nikko as if all the air in his lungs was being punched out ofnhim. Mom? Stavros had seen her? He looked around, as if he expectednher to pop out from behind the couch. \"I…are you serious?\" hensaid. He wasn't afraid now; just angry. Who did she think she was,npopping back into their lives all of a sudden? She had no place withnthem any more. \"Yeah,nNikko. She's…she's really badly off; the nurse, Quinn, saidnthat she was addicted to drugs, and that she lost her mind because ofnthem and she's now stuck in some hospital where they're doingnGod-only-knows-what to her. We have to get her out of there, bro. Wenowe her that,\" Stavros said, his voice and eyes pleading with hisnlittle brother to understand exactly what he was trying to say. Nikkonfelt his jaw drop. \"What the hell do we owe her for, Stavros!?nAbandoning us to that drunken bastard? Don't you remember what hendid to us? Let me remind you; he nearly killed us on a near-dailynbasis! Stavros, that bitch is not our mother. Leave her to the nursesnand her damn drugs; she deserves nothing from us!\" The outburstnstartled even Nikko; he hadn't known just how much anger he hadnbottled up about her. \"Nikko,ndo you have any idea what you're saying? Dad beat her, too! Don'tnyou remember how often we heard her screams and they kept us up atnnight? Dad never even touched us when she was there because shenprotected us---\" \"Exactly.nShe knew she was protecting us, and abandoned us anyways! Whyncouldn't she have just taken us away with her? What happened to ourn'happily ever after!?' She lied to us, and she apparentlynbrain-washed you; I don't know how you can pretend that she lovednus. I'm sorry, Stavros, but that woman is dead to me. If you bringnher here, I swear to god, I'm leaving,\" Nikko said, his jaw setnand his eyes a fierce glare. Stavrosnhated how much Nikko took after their father without even knowing it;nevery time Nikko glared like that, Stavros remembered the glares ofntheir father as he beat them. \"You won't leave, Nikko. You neednme. You'd be lost on your own,\" Stavros said, trying to remainnthe voice of reason, as he was so often forced to do. \"Inwon't leave? Stavros, you know me too well to think that I'd gonback on my word,\" Nikko said. Stavrosnrubbed his temples; Nikko was right. He wouldn't go back on hisnword. \"So, you'd rather I abandon someone knowingly? Just let hernwaste away in some hospital? Sometimes, it scares me how uncaring younare---almost as bad as dad was,\" Stavros said without thinking. Nikkonmoved faster than Stavros would have ever thought possible, andnbefore he knew it, Nikko had him by the shirt, breathing heavily; hisnface was a dark shade of red. \"I. Am. Nothing. Like. Him.\" Nikkonlet go and shoved his brother back onto the couch and turned away,nrunning his hand through is hair; it was one of the few ways he knewnof calming himself down. As he turned, however, he saw Courtneynstaring down at him from the stairs that lead to the roof. \"Is…somethingnwrong?\" she asked uncertainly, looking between the two brothers. Stavrosncoughed awkwardly and stood, placing an arm stiffly around hisnbrother's shoulders. \"Of course. We're fine,\" Stavros said,npatting Nikko who just gave him a sidelong glare, then turned back tonhis girlfriend. \"Comenon, Court. Let's go to my room and listen to that demo I told younabout earlier,\" he said, taking her by the arm. He shot one morenglare at his brother before leading a very confused Courtney into hisnroom and closing the door soundly behind them. Stavrosnstared at the door for a minute, took a deep breath, and tried tonfigure out where his loyalties should lie; with his ailing mother, ornhis troubled and needy brother. ~*****~ \"Nikko,\"nCourtney began when they were alone, \"You know you can talk to me,nright?\" Nikkonglanced at her from where he sat on his bed. \"Of course. And youncan talk to me, too.\" \"No,nI mean, right now. It's clear something big is going on and youndon't know how to deal with it, so just…just talk to me. Tell menwhat you feel, what the situation is. I can't pretend that I'llnknow exactly what to do about it, but I've always felt that it'snalways best to get something off of your chest when you're undernpressure, you know?\" Courtney said, taking a seat beside him andngrabbing one of his hands, pulling it to her and nuzzling it with herncheek. Nikkonwanted to talk to her. He wanted to tell her everything; just breakndown and give in. But he couldn't. His family life was tooncomplicated to explain to someone like Courtney, who had a reallynloving mother and had once had a loving father; she probably thoughtnthat all parents took their children bowling, or comforted them whennthey were sad. He couldn't ruin her innocence with all the crazynstuff he'd witnessed, the horrors a parent could inflict on theirnwife and children without even blinking. So,ninstead of telling her what was wrong, he pulled her face closer tonhis and kissed her tenderly. She melted into his arms and Nikko feltna hole he hadn't known existed fill with love for her. He didn'tnhave to remember any of those things. He could just revel in what henhad now, what he was lucky to have found at such a young age; truenlove. Whennthey parted, he rested his forehead against hers. \"There'snnothing to tell, Court. It's just some things that Stavros and Inhave to deal with. Everything will be okay.\" Courtneynshook her head against his. \"I don't believe you, Nikko, but I'mngoing to pretend that I do, just for this moment,\" she replied. Nikkonkissed her one more time, then stood, flashing a diversionary smilenin her direction and reaching into his closet to grab a shoe box thatnwas filled with CD's. \"Now, you still haven't heard this hellanawesome demo that Nels and Flux came up with, back in the old days. Inthink it would make a great show-song and I thought I'd get yournopinion on it,\" he said and took his seat again, rifling throughnthe box. Asnhe did this, Courtney let herself laugh. \"Hella?\" she asked. \"Hey,na member of one of my favorite bands uses that phrase and it'snrubbed off on me!\" Nikko defended before continuing his search. Finally,nhe pulled out an unmarked CD that he placed in the CD player. Momentsnlater, the music began blaring and Nikko sat back. Courtney joinednhim and cuddled into his side to settle in for the wait until dinner. ~*****~ Stavrosnstill hadn't figured out what he was going to do about hisnsituation, so he decided to busy himself with dinner preparations. Henwas just checking the Spanakopita when the phone began ringing. Henquickly put the Spanakopita back in the oven and then rushed over tonthe side-table on which the phone rested. He picked it up. \"Hello?\" \"Stavros?nStavros Alexander?\" came a feminine voice that Stavros wasn'tnfamiliar with. \"Um…Yes?\"nhe replied. \"Hey,nthis is Quinn….Um…is this a bad time?\" \"I'mnabout to have dinner with my family, but I have a while before thenmeal is ready. Is something wrong? Did something happen to my mom?\"nStavros asked, worry making his heart pound thickly in his chest. \"No,nno! Zoë is fine. It's just…well…I was wondering if, Gosh, thisnis awkward, but maybe….we could have lunch tomorrow? Just me andnyou?\" Stavrosnwas confused. \"Um…I guess so, but…how did you get my number?\"nhe asked. \"Heh…well,nI looked it up in the phonebook. I know, I seem kind of like anstalker, but I just…I saw how gentle you were with your mother,neven though you hadn't seen her in God only knows how long, and itnsort of struck me and I decided…what did I have to lose, you know?nSo, are we on for lunch?\" Quinn's voice said. \"I…uh…sure,nyeah. What time and where?\" \"Maybenwe could go to the Pacific Grill? It's one of my favorite places. nAbout…1 o'clock?\" \"Alright…okay…Yeah,nI'll see you there.\" They hung up then and Stavros leaned backnagainst the table. Had he just been asked out on a date? By annalmost complete stranger? Stavros decided that the day couldn't getnany stranger or more complicated and shook his head. It was aboutntime to eat. ~*****~ A/N:nAlright, there's the next chapter! I discovered, ironically, thatnLincoln High School (which is where Nikko and Courtney go to school)nin Washington is in Tacoma, WA, which was exactly where I randomlyndecided to put the hospital, so I thought that was kind of cool.nHehe…anyways, please review and tell me what you think! ^_^[Chapter 4] A/N: Here's the next chapter. I'm a little under the weather so I don't know how great it will be, but I think it's alright. Please post a review so I can see what you think! Thanks! ^_^ Chapter Three: Sitting on the Rooftop After they had all finished their meals, Nikko and Courtney excused themselves from the table and decided to sit up on the roof and just talk. Courtney's mom didn't expect her home until 11 o'clock, so she had plenty of time to kill. Nikko had brought an extra blanket up from the linen closet downstairs and the two of them sat side-by-side on it, looking up at the sky and just thinking. Courtney sighed contentedly and lay herself down on her back, so that she was looking directly up at the night sky. She couldn't see all the stars due to the fact that she was in the city, but one star in particular showed right through the smog in the sky; in fact, it was if the smog couldn't even come close to blocking out the star. \"Look, Nikko! That star…it kind of reminds me of you,\" Courtney admitted shyly. Nikko glanced down at her, his eyes narrowed in thought, which she found very cute about him. \"Really? How so?\" he asked, somewhat perplexed. \"Well, you're obsessed with standing out, and you refuse to let anything get in the way of that,\" Courtney explained, as if she were talking to a three-year-old; to her, it was obvious how he embodied all of the attributes of the persevering star. \"Heh, well, that's true, I guess….but the same can be said of you, too, Court. Even though nobody thought Spectacular would amount to anything, you refused to give up and kept on going and going. You never gave up, not even once,\" Nikko replied. Courtney smiled up at him. \"Thanks. It's nice being compared to a star…even if I had to compare you to one first!\" she teased. Nikko laughed and laid down next to her. \"I'll compare you to a star any day; in fact, just say the word and I'll compose an entire song about how your light shines through any kind of darkness,\" Nikko stated, and he was surprised to note that he meant every single word. \"Do it, then,\" Courtney said light-heartedly, \"But only because you want to, and not because I 'said the word.' Honestly, I would rather you do something without me having to ask for it.\" \"What, surprise you?\" Nikko said, reminding her of their inside joke. \"Yeah. Surprise me,\" Courtney replied. \"That won't be a problem,\" he said, and before Courtney had time to think about what he'd said, he moved and was hovering above her, a hand on either side of her head. Courtney thought he was going to kiss her, and sat up on her elbows so that she could more easily receive the kiss. She already had her eyes closed and everything, just waiting to enjoy it, but instead of kissing her, Nikko suddenly began tickling her. She screeched in laughter, and tried to squirm away, but he kept her where she was until she accidentally kicked out and caught him just inside his leg, very close to the most painful place to be kicked for a guy. Realizing the danger, Nikko quickly retreated, both of them laughing. After that they both settled down, and Nikko did kiss Courtney then. Just a light kiss, but it said everything that needed to be said between them. It was perfect. \"Ah,\" Courtney said once they parted, returning to her previous position of lying on her back. Nikko did the same and then Courtney continued, \"I haven't been tickled like that in ages. Not since my dad…\" she trailed off then, but Nikko's curiosity had been piqued. \"Court…what exactly happened to your dad?\" he asked softly, trying not to seem like he was trying to pry, but also attempting to make his tone sincere. \"It was a little while ago,\" she said, and Nikko thought she was trying to dismiss the subject, but he remained silent and expectant, hoping that she would continue. \"We--that is, my mom, dad and myself--were coming back from the beach; he was driving, and mom was in the front seat. I was about thirteen years old at the time, and I was sitting in the backseat, listening to my favorite Broadway musical CD, so I never even saw it coming. Another car just plowed right into my dad's side of the car. It killed him instantly, but my mom and me got out relatively unharmed; just a few cuts and bruises, and an emotional scar bigger than the ocean. It was hard, you know? Your father is, like, a hero. Nothing can hurt him, and he'll always be there. But, right before my very eyes, he was gone. He disappeared just like that, and my mom and I were left alone and had nothing to fill this huge void in our hearts,\" Courtney said. Towards the end, her voice cracked and she sat up, trying to wipe away her tears. Nikko reached over and began rubbing soothing circles on her back. \"I'm sorry, Court…I can tell it was rough,\" Nikko said softly, his own eyes watering a little as he thought of what that would be like. What would he have done if he had had a father like Courtney's, one who actually cared about him and Stavros? And then it took him a minute to realize that Stavros was sort of like that, sort of a father figure. What would he do if something happened to Stavros? He suddenly felt really guilty about the way he had acted towards Stavros earlier that evening, and resolved to himself that he would apologize for acting so irrational. Even if he still hated the thought of their mom coming to live with them again, Stavros hadn't deserved such a violent reaction; not in the least. \"Sometimes, I feel like he's still there. Like, he's just out of eye-sight but definitely there, and when I turn around, there's nobody around and the feeling just disappears. I feel so silly…I can't believe I'm unloading all this on you.\" Courtney was still trying to get rid of her tears, but she tried to laugh anyways. \"I don't mind at all. I mean, I am the one who asked. The point is, Courtney, I want you to tell me things. I want you to feel like you can trust me enough to tell me about your past, about your feelings. It's perfectly understandable that you're upset…I'm just glad you feel comfortable enough to tell me this stuff,\" Nikko said. Courtney sniffled and wiped her nose on her shirt sleeve, since there were no handkerchiefs or napkins or tissues or anything else with which to do so. \"But what about you, Nikko? You don't have a father, either. What happened? And where's your mom?\" Nikko felt his throat close. He didn't want to remember any of that, but he did owe it to Courtney to tell her something. \"My dad…he's in jail. He wasn't a very nice person,\" Nikko said, putting things as lightly as possible. \"As for my mom…she left us. When I was little.\" \"Oh, Nikko, I'm so sorry!\" Courtney sounded genuinely appalled and Nikko stifled a bitter laugh; if only she knew the things that made his father not such a nice person, or why their mom had left in the first place, but he couldn't tell her that. He just couldn't bear it. \"Don't be. I don't really think about them much. Or, well, I try not to. Sometimes, like today, I can't help it,\" Nikko admitted truthfully. \"What happened today?\" Courtney asked. \"Stavros saw her today. Mom, I mean,\" Nikko said quietly. \"Aren't you relieved that she's okay?\" Nikko did laugh then, and Courtney shot him a questioning look. \"Relieved? Quite the opposite, actually. I know it's horrible of me, but, well, she left us, Court. She abandoned my brother and me and now, all of a sudden, she's back and expecting to have a place with us again? It's not right. Not in the least.\" Nikko felt bitter tears try and force themselves out but he pushed them back down; he hadn't cried about his mom since he was little and he wasn't about to start now. Especially not in front of the woman he loved. Courtney didn't know what to say. What could she say? That he was, in fact, wrong to feel that way and that he should be happy? No, she couldn't say that. And she couldn't act like she understood that kind of bitterness and felt that it was okay. She didn't know anything about this kind of stuff. \"Nikko…\" she began, but he held up a hand. \"Don't worry about it. I'm over it. Let's just talk about something else, okay?\" Courtney chewed her bottom lip. She didn't think he was over it at all, but she didn't want to push the envelope. She was lucky he had told her this much. Sighing, and feeling like she had been defeated, Courtney looked up at him and said, \"Okay; but promise me, you won't let this eat you up, okay? If you feel like you need someone, I'm here for you and I want you to know that.\" \"Yeah, thanks, Court. And I do know that. I really just don't want to even think about my parents right now if I can help it,\" Nikko said, and then he pulled Courtney into his arms, and they just enjoyed each other's support. Moments later, Courtney piped up with one last question. \"What was her name?\" \"My mom?\" Nikko asked, perplexed. \"Yeah.\" \"Zoë. Her name was Zoë.\" \"Well, Zoë was crazy for leaving you; if I could, I'd never spend a minute away,\" Courtney replied, and Nikko was thankful to hear that, even if he didn't say so out loud. ~*****~ A/N: It's kind of a short chapter, but I DID promise one of my readers more Nikko/Courtney, and this felt like a good stopping point. Lol. Anyways, please review! I look forward to hearing all of your thoughts and the like. Thanks in advance! ^_^ PS: The title was loosely based on the Lost Prophets song, but the words aren't perfect, so, yeah…My attempt at being clever. Lol.[Chapter 5] A/N:nI'm sorry it took a while! My overall busy schedule combined with annasty bout of writer's block held me up, but hopefully, I will benback to writing speed in no time. ChapternFour: Where I'm Meant to Be Nikkonkissed Courtney good night and closed the door behind her, thennturned around and leaned back against it; he missed her already, andnnow he had the tough job of apologizing to Stavros. Anyone who knewnNikko knew that apologizing for him was not an easy thing. At all. Steelingnhimself, Nikko walked over to the door to his brother's room, tookna deep breath, and knocked lightly on the wood paneling. \"Come in,\"ncame a voice from inside, and Nikko pushed the door open a crack. Stavrosnwas sitting against the headboard of his bed, a book in his hands andnreading glasses on his face. \"Hey, bro, is this a good time?\"nNikko asked. Stavrosntook off his glasses and motioned to the spot next to him on the bed.n\"Sure, come on in,\" he said. Nikkondid so, closed the door behind him and made his way slowly to thenbed. He perched himself awkwardly on the side. \"Look, I'm reallynsorry,\" Nikko said, looking anywhere but at his brother. \"Indidn't mean to, you know, explode like that. But…well, it'snjust…she abandoned us. I've hated her for so long because ofnthat, and I can't just…turn off the hatred, or whatever. It'snnot easy for me.\" Ansoft touch on his shoulder finally caused Nikko to turn and look hisnbrother in the face. Stavros was smiling. \"I can't believe I justnheard an apology out of you, Nikko,\" he said to lighten the mood.nHe patted Nikko's shoulder twice and then took his hand back, notnwanting to push the whole 'touchy-feely-brother' thing. Nikkonlaughed lightly. \"Yeah, well, I was talking to Courtney and shenmade me think. She's really good at that…making me think, Inmean.\" \"Heh,nI've noticed. She's got you on a leash, bro,\" Stavros said. Nikkonlightly punched him on the shoulder and got himself more situated onnthe bed. \"Shut up. Anyways, what about you? Anyone been trying tonget you on a leash lately?\" Nikko asked, waggling his eyebrowsnsuggestively. Stavrosnlaughed, and a slight blush crept onto his cheeks. Nikko caught thenlook and knew instantly that something was up. \"Oh, my god! Therenreally is. Tell me about it!\" Nikko said, feeling slightly sillyn(this was usually what girls did and Nikko found it a littlenembarrassing that he was doing it with his brother, but he wasngenuinely curious). \"Well…she'sna nurse. I met her today, when, well, you know,\" Stavros said. \"Andnher name is…?\" Nikko prodded. \"Quinn.nHer name is Quinn. She asked me on a date for tomorrow.\" \"Really?nWhoa…she moves fast! It took me forever to get the guts to asknCourtney out. Of course, that might have been due to the fact that wenwere too busy butting heads about the whole show-choir thing, butnstill…She's a forward girl, this Quinn,\" Nikko said in anslightly teasing manner. \"Yeah,nwell, she's a red-head, so I guess it comes with the territory. Inwas pretty shocked…I haven't been on a date in quite a while,\"nStavros admitted. \"I'vennoticed,\" Nikko said, and Stavros punched him in the arm once more. \"Anyways,nyou've got practice tomorrow, don't you? You might want to get tonbed soon. Courtney will have your head if you fall asleep duringnrehearsal,\" Stavros said. \"Yeah,nyeah, I know when I'm being kicked out,\" Nikko said, standing upnand stretching. He had pulled a pillow up with him and tossed it backndown at his brother before skipping out of the room and closing thendoor behind him, so that when Stavros tried to retaliate, the pillownhit the closed door of the bedroom instead of its intended target. \"Littlenbrothers,\" Stavros said with a sigh, and then he set his book andnglasses on the bed-side table and flicked the lamp off, then turnednover to go to sleep. ~*****~ Stavrosnarrived at the restaurant first, and was nervously picking at hisnclothes and obsessively checking his hair in whatever reflectivensurfaces happened to be available to him at that time. Henhadn't been on a date in ages, and couldn't even remember thenproper way one was supposed to act on dates so as not to seem weirdnor over-the-top in any way. Should he act casual? Or should he actnformal, to show he was a gentleman? Finally,nQuinn made her way over to his table. \"Stavros, hey! Sorry I'm anlittle late. It took a while for my relief to show up at work,\"nQuinn explained. Stavros hopped up and pulled the chair out for her,ndeciding that he should at least be a little bit formal, at the risknof seeming rude otherwise. \"Notnat all. Don't worry about it. How are you?\" Stavros asked. He wasnvaguely aware that he was talking a little quick, a product of hisnnervousness. Quinnnsmirked; she knew that he was nervous around her. She found it quitenadorable. \"I'm fine. And yourself?\" she asked, picking up anmenu. \"Good…great.nI mean, fantastic, even…hehehe!\" Stavros replied. He blushednagain and looked away. God, he was making a mess of things. Hensounded like a total creeper. Quinnnsighed, reached over the table and took Stavros's hand. \"Couldnyou stop trying to be someone you're not and just be yourself?\"nshe asked. Stavrosnglanced down at her hand on his, a warm blush flooding his face. Thennhe glanced up at her and smiled. \"I'm just nervous,\" henadmitted. Quinnnretracted her hand. \"I figured,\" she muttered. \"Hey!\"nhe protested, and she laughed at him. Thus, Stavros let go of all henhad been fretting over and was finally himself, leaving it up to Godnwhether or not this relationship would work, or if it were doomed tonfailure; after all, he could only do his best, and if that wasn'tnenough, then nothing would be. ~*****~ Mondayncame before Nikko was ready. He didn't feel like waking up andngoing to class. After all, it was his senior year and it was almostnover. There was nothing new being taught, and yet they were requirednto attend. It was ridiculous. Nevertheless,nNikko rolled out of bed and got dressed, yawning as he did so, andnthen stepped out of his room. What he hadn't counted on, however,nwas someone being there already. \"Nikko!\" Nikkonfelt his blood freeze and stared in front of him; it was Zoë. Shenwas giving him a vacant smile. Without saying a word, he walked overnto Stavros's room and stepped inside without knocking. Stavros wasnnot dressed. In fact, he was in the process of getting dressed whennNikko came in and nearly fell over when his angry younger brothernstormed in. Withoutnpreamble, Nikko glared. \"What is she doing here?\" he asked, hisnvoice low with anger. Stavros,nafter recovering from his shock, finished pulling on his pants.n\"Don't worry. She's not staying. I'm taking her out aroundntown with Quinn,\" Stavros said. Nikkonfelt some of his anger, although not all of it, begin to fade. \"Why?\" \"BecausenI care for her, Nikko, despite what you think. She deserves to spendntime with at least one of her sons,\" Stavros said. Nikkonfolded his arms and leaned back against the wall next to the door.n\"You said Quinn was going with you. I didn't see her. Where isnshe?\" \"Probablynin the bathroom,\" Stavros said, adjusting his tie in thenfull-length mirror next to his closet. \"Younsure got close to her in a short period of time. Wasn't your firstndate just yesterday?\" \"Yes,nbut it was a good first-date, and I wanted to spend more time withnher. She had work today, so I told her we could walk around town withnMom and then, when she got off, she could come over and have dinnernwith us. Do you think Courtney would want to come tonight, as well?\"nStavros glanced at him from across the room. Nikkonshrugged. \"Probably…but Mom isn't going to be there, is she?\"nNikko said. Stavrosnsighed and rolled his eyes. \"No. She's not allowed out of thenhospital after 5 PM. Why would it have mattered?\" \"Indon't want Courtney to know that I have a cracked-up mother that'snholed up in an asylum,\" Nikko growled, pushing off of the wall.n\"Anyways, I have to go to school. See you.\" Withnthat, Nikko swept out of the room. Zoë glanced up at him when henwalked out, and for an instant, he thought he saw a little bit of thenmother he had known when he was a child in her eyes…but then it wasngone, and Nikko didn't stay to talk to her. She was dead to him. ~*****~ Thenday moved swiftly, despite Nikko's dread earlier that morning.nBefore he even realized what was going on, he was at lunch andnCourtney was beside him. Janet, Caspian and Tajid were sitting therenas well; the other 'Taccies had different lunch periods. Thenschool was serving chicken tenders today and Nikko had a tray of themnin front of him, but he was barely touching his food. Courtneynglanced at him. \"Somethingnwrong?\" she asked. Nikkonstarted, as if he were just being woken from a particularly badndream. \"No, I'm fine. Just tired,\" he said, using the firstnconvenient excuse that came up. He didn't want Courtney to worry. Sheneyed him, as if she could sense the lie in him, but he just starednsteadily at her. Finally, she smiled lightly at him. \"If you saynso,\" she stated, which was her way of saying she thought he wasnlying but wasn't going to pry. Nikko was grateful. Courtneynthen turned a grin to everyone. \"Alright, so I was listening to onenof Nikko's old demos yesterday, and I think we have a great ideanfor the next Spectacular hit! I thought I'd run it by all of you,nsee what you thought,\" Courtney said. Janetnperked up. \"Oh, really!?\" she asked excitedly. \"I can't waitnto hear it!\" Tajidnand Caspian nodded beside her. \"Do you have it on you?\" Tajidnasked. \"Ofncourse!\" Courtney said, reaching back behind her to grab her bag.nShe quickly pulled it into her lap and rifled through it. Severalnsheets of paper were sticking up out of it and Courtney carelesslynmoved them aside on her quest to find the CD in question. \"Wow,nCourt! What a mess,\" Nikko teased, trying to dispel any lingeringnworry. He took the bag away from her and then he began taking outnsome of the stray papers and stacking them on the table next to hisntray. \"Do you need all of this junk?\" he asked her. Courtneynsniffed. \"Some of it might possibly come in handy!\" she defended. \"Oh,nright. Like, a paper on how music defined certain eras that you wrotenwhen you were a freshman will really be useful,\" he said. Courtneynshrugged and chose not to answer. \"Andnwhat's this?\" Nikko pulled out a book with a flowery design onnits bindings. Several stray sheets were sticking out, but the booknitself was latched closed. It was clearly a diary and the year on thenfront was from when they were all in the eighth grade. \"When wasnthe last time you even opened this diary? Most of this crap should bentossed. Face it Court, you're a packrat!\" Courtneyngrabbed her diary and her bag, her face a slight shade of red. \"Thatndiary is important to me, Nikko,\" she said. Nikkonfelt rotten all of a sudden. He hadn't meant anything offensive. Inmean, hey, at least he hadn't opened it and read it out loud. Hendidn't understand why Courtney was so upset, but he didn't likenmaking her unhappy. \"Hendidn't mean anything bad by it, Court,\" Janet said, lookingnbetween them. \"Right, Nikko?\" \"Ofncourse not!\" he said. \"Hey, look, I'm sorry, okay?\" Henreached over and placed his arm around Courtney's shoulders andnkissed her head affectionately. She smiled at him. \"Inknow you didn't mean anything bad by it,\" she admitted softly,nthen reached into her bag once more. \"Here it is!\" she said,nfinally pulling out 3 copies of the CD. She passed it out to each ofnthem just in time, before the bell rang. \"I'll give copies to thenother 'Taccies after you 3 have gone over it and approved.\" Theynall rose from their table and picked up their trays to carry over tonthe washing window, talking excitedly about what their next hit wasngoing to be like. Courtney and Nikko held back from the group a bit. \"Courtney--\" \"Nikko---\"nthey began at the same time. Both of them stopped and then burst outnlaughing. \"Okay,nyou first,\" Courtney said. \"Injust wanted to say I was sorry again, for the diary. I didn't knownit meant so much to you,\" Nikko explained. \"Inknow…It's just…it was the last year my dad was alive, and itnhas all of my memories of him in it. That's why I've kept it,\"nCourtney said, sadness creeping into her usually chipper voice. Shenthen quickly smiled. \"But it's okay. No worries.\" Nikkonlightly smiled back. \"I love you,\" he blurted out. While he hadnknown for some time that what he felt for her was love, he had nevernactually voiced it out loud to her and it took them both by surprisenwhen he did. Shenshot him a glance. She was almost speechless, but it didn't takenlong to recover and Courtney gave him the brightest smile she hadnever given him, one that completely touched her eyes and showed innall of her face. \"I love you, too, Nikko,\" she answered. Nikkonsuddenly remembered something. \"Oh, Courtney, what were you goingnto say before?\" \"Nothing.nIt's not important. I'm just happy, that's all,\" Courtneynsaid, and then the two of them separated to go to their classes,nNikko giving her a quick peck on the lips. The two of them werenpossibly the happiest couple at Lincoln High School. No, they were the happiest couple at Lincoln High School, hands down. Who knew thatntheir love would be challenged by various situations that arose fromntheir pasts? ~*****~ A/N:nAlright, here is the chapter! Please review! ^_^[Chapter 6] A/N: Okay, so, I'm sitting in my room, and it's rainy, and so I decided…Why not write a chapter? And so, I shall. Lol. I hope you enjoy! Chapter Five: What Was I Supposed to Do? Stavros returned home shortly before dinner. He had a lot on his mind. Today had been great; he got to spend time with both Quinn and his mother, and Quinn was actually going to stay. It saddened him, however, to think of his mother stuck in the hospital eating whatever the cafeteria provided while he and his friends enjoyed a great meal. It saddened him even more that his brother didn't seem to care at all. Nikko was sitting on the couch, some music video show playing on the television. He seemed to have fallen asleep, his head lolling against the back of the sofa, and Stavros smirked. Quinn came up behind him, carrying some groceries for the pasta that she was going to help him make tonight. \"Something the matter?\" she asked, noticing that Stavros had stopped. Then she spotted his little brother and a smile found its way onto her face. \"He looks cute.\" \"Yeah. Guess it was a long day for him,\" Stavros said. He walked over to the kitchen and set what he was carrying onto the counter, then turned and took the load out of Quinn's arms as well. Then he sighed. \"Too bad I have to wake him up,\" he said. Stavros made his way over to his brother and reached over, attempting to lay a hand on his shoulder to shake him awake. He had scarcely reached the shoulder when Nikko shot awake, grunting and moving out of the way, promptly falling onto the floor. Stavros held in his laughter. \"A pretty intense dream, huh?\" he teased lightly. Nikko glared up at him from the rug and stood, dusting himself off. \"Shut up,\" he muttered grumpily. Quinn came over. \"Hi, I'm Quinn,\" she said, holding out her hand. Nikko looked momentarily surprised and decidedly embarrassed before he reached out and took her hand; he had to admit, Quinn was a pretty girl. \"Sorry you had to see me take a spill there. Stavros's face just scared me so bad that I couldn't help it,\" Nikko said, sending a smirk towards his brother. Nikko one, Stavros one…they were tied. Stavros, for his part, took the jibe with much grace and smiled. \"Touché, little brother,\" he said and all of them lightly laughed. A knock on the door got their attention and Nikko bounded down the stairs. \"Probably Courtney,\" he said, flinging open the door. He came up short as he saw that it was not actually Courtney, but somebody he hadn't seen before. \"Uh…can I help you?\" Nikko asked. \"Hi, I'm Dr. John Dresden. I'm the attending physician of your mother,\" the man explained, smiling tightly and offering his hand. His smile didn't really reach his eyes and Nikko was instantly wary of this man. \"Stavros, it's for you,\" Nikko said, ignoring the proffered hand and treading up to his room. Stavros watched Nikko go and shook his head, then turned to their visitor. \"Can I help you?\" Stavros asked. For the life of him, he couldn't figure out why this man would show up at their home. \"Is it alright if I come inside?\" the doctor said. \"Yes, yes, of course,\" Stavros said, and the doctor came in, closing the door softly behind him. The doctor glanced around the home and spotted Quinn for the first time. \"Oh…Miss McCarthy. I hadn't realized you'd be here,\" he said, truly surprised by her presence. Quinn smiled at him. \"Well, I am,\" she said. The doctor laughed. \"So it appears. Anyways,\" at this, Dr. Dresden looked back at Stavros. \"You're probably wondering what the heck I'm doing here.\" \"The thought had crossed my mind, yes,\" Stavros said. \"It's about your mother.\" \"I figured as much. I'm sorry to be rude, but could you please just tell me what it is you want to talk to me about? Is she getting worse or something?\" \"Quite the contrary,\" the doctor said. \"She seems to be recovering quite remarkably. Which was why I came to you today. You see, she no longer feels like she needs to stay at the hospital and has told me, point blank, that she will no longer take her medication. She wants to stay here.\" Stavros blinked. \"Stay here?\" Dr. Dresden just nodded, not sure what else to say. \"And you think she's well enough to leave?\" Quinn asked. \"I'm not really sure. You see, she is still plainly…disturbed. But she is more aware than she has been in ages, which leads me to believe that finding her family has given her the willpower to fight against the muck in her brain. It's amazing, really. This morning, she was barely responsive. Tonight, she was arguing with me,\" the doctor explained. \"She has improved that much? In one day?\" Stavros asked. \"Yes. And that's why I figured I'd leave it up to you as to whether she remain in the hospital or not,\" Dr. Dresden stated. Stavros was torn. He definitely wanted to bring her home, but Nikko…Stavros glanced at the door to his brother's room. Loud music was playing (as usual) and Stavros imagined that Nikko was trying to drown out whatever pain he was feeling with the sudden re-emergence of his estranged mother. It occurred to Stavros then that maybe taking Nikko out of his comfort zone was exactly what he needed to finally face the demons of his past. Perhaps their mother wouldn't be the only one that would recover if she were brought home. It would be tough…Nikko would probably hate him forever. But he doubted very seriously that Nikko would permanently leave. It was cold world out there, and even if Nikko did leave for a while, he would probably get over it soon enough. \"Doctor,\" Stavros began, \"I have to think about it. My brother…he has issues about our mom that he needs to face. Is there any way that I can get in contact with you?\" \"Of course, Mr. Alexander.\" The doctor reached into his white coat pocket and pulled out a little business card. \"Just call that number when you've reached a decision. Good evening to both of you.\" With that, Dr. Dresden turned and left the home and Stavros was left with a very difficult decision. He would definitely be talking to his brother tonight, and he didn't know how that was going to go. ~*****~ Courtney had arrived for dinner just moments after the doctor's departure and all of them enjoyed a good meal. Quinn had offered to drive Courtney home, since it had started to rain and Courtney had reluctantly accepted; after all, she really didn't enjoy walking in the rain. This meant that Stavros and Nikko were alone at last and Stavros still didn't know how he was going to talk to Nikko about this. \"Stavros, man, you're looking at me strangely,\" Nikko stated, eyeing his brother suspiciously. \"Just say what I know you want to say and get it over with.\" Stavros took a deep breath. \"I want to bring Mom home.\" Anger flashed warningly in Nikko's green eyes. \"We already talked about that. You know what I'm going to do if you bring that woman back here.\" \"You said you'd leave, but where the hell would you go, Nikko?\" \"I have friends.\" \"And they'd just accept you, without a second thought, and allow you to live with them? Reality check, bro. Your friends may care about you, but that doesn't mean that their families would be willing to take on another mouth to feed,\" Stavros said, arching an eyebrow questioningly. \"You don't know them; of course they'd take me in. They would never leave me out to rot, unlike my older brother,\" Nikko said, sounding somewhat petulant. \"Don't even play that card, Nikko! You're the one that's threatening to leave. I'm not forcing you into doing anything,\" Stavros said. \"You may as well be! You know how I feel about her and yet you want to bring her home? Well, fine. She can come home, but I'll be out of here.\" \"Listen to me. You are being selfish. Completely and utterly selfish. Yes, she left us, Nikko. That was wrong of her. But are you going to let her rule your life like this forever?\" \"Rule my life? What the hell are you talking about?\" Nikko said, sounding genuinely perplexed. \"You are letting her very presence be enough to force you out of your own home; you're giving her more strength than she actually has, Nikko. You know what I think? I think you're afraid. Afraid that you might actually love her, because you've hated her for so long and it would be too strange to suddenly care for her. You want to blame her for every bad thing in the world, because that's the convenient thing to do; but it's hard to blame her when she's right in front of you, isn't it? Hard to make everything her fault when you see she barely even recognizes her own children,\" Stavros said, a lot harsher than he had intended to be. But sometimes, harsh was the only thing that worked. What else was he supposed to do? Nikko stared at him for a long moment. \"You don't know me,\" he said, and turned away from him, locking himself in his room and drowning the world out through his loud music. The only thing it did was prove that Stavros did, in fact, know Nikko; he only knew him too well. ~*****~ A/N: Alright, I'm gonna drop it off there. I shall update again as soon as possible. And please review! ^_^ ","Summary":" Author: Tinkerbella Title: Tear Me Down Rating: T for some language and more mature themes. Summary"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"LUNA DE SANGRE","Author":"Tavata","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6945550","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Antes de empezar… La tranquilidad de la noche fue interrumpida por un grito desesperado, el grito desgarrador de una joven mujer hizo que todos los pájaros se levantaran en loco vuelo pese a la hora que era, a la distancia una manada de lobos contestó con un fúnebre aullido. Correr y escapar era lo único que pensaba la pobre doncella que huía por el nevado bosque sin importarle lo congelados que tenía los pies, lo roto de su vestido, huir era en lo único que pensaba, no importaba la sangre que corría por su mejilla producto de los arañazos que cruelmente le habían causado las ramas de los arboles cual largos y afilados dedos de manos cadavéricas. Parecía que podría escapar, parecía que estaba a punto de lograrlo cuando para su terror tropezó con un hoyo escondido entre la nieve, alguna madriguera que no había tenido oportunidad de ver y para su infortunio le había roto el tobillo, el dolor fue insoportable y las lágrimas corrían por sus ensangrentadas mejillas, no, no había forma de que escapara… tan cerca y tan lejos… No había tenido oportunidad de cruzar el río, no había tenido oportunidad de pedir ayuda, sabía que el final había llegado y el mensajero de la muerte estaba de pie detrás de ella, había escuchado el ruido que intencionalmente había hecho al romper una pequeña rama justo a su derecha. La pobre mujer apenas había tenido tiempo de girar su aterrado rostro para ver a su ángel ejecutor cuando éste se abalanzó contra ella… El grito de la mujer se entrelazó en una melodía macabra con el aullido de los lobos en la lejanía, ¿testigos? Solamente el bosque y en lo alto del firmamento la luna teñida de sangre… Continuara…[Chapter 2] Había una vez… Las viejas leyendas siempre encierran algo de verdad, los cuentos que las abuelas nos contaban para dormir o para asustarnos si nos portábamos mal tenían encerrados en lo más profundo de ellos la verdad que se oculta de la luz, la verdad que corre salvaje por las noches… Gwen Conliffe lo sabía, lo había vivido en carne propia, no solo había perdido a Ben Talbot por culpa de una de esas criaturas que viven en los cuentos y en las pesadillas sino que también casi pierde a Lawrence Talbot… El heredero de Talbot Hall había descubierto que su familia tenía un terrible secreto, su padre Sir John tenía en sus manos la sangre de su madre y la de su hermano Ben… Su padre era un condenado por la luna, era un hombre lobo. Al enfrentarle Lawrence también había sido maldecido por la bestia, parecía que su fin había llegado si no hubiera sido por la ayuda de Gwen, cierto que ella era la prometida de su hermano, pero al tratarla no había podido evitar caer profundamente enamorado de la noble dama inglesa. Si no hubiera sido por ella la chusma del pueblo o el mismo inspector Aberline lo hubieran asesinado… La señorita Conliffe le había disparado, el mismo Lawrence sintió que había muerto, que se había liberado de la maldición pero… el amor de Gwen no le había permitido finalmente hacer lo que Máleva le había ordenado, no, no se había atrevido a utilizar las balas de plata para matar al hombre lobo, solamente utilizó una bala con la punta de plata, lo que provocó que la transformación terminara y todos dieran por muerto a Lawrence. Después de que la muchedumbre se alejó el único que se quedó fue Aberline quien entendió el plan de la señorita Conliffe pero, pese a haberlo perseguido hasta ese punto no acabo con Lawrence, tal vez porque ahora él también estaba maldito… Al contrario, ayudo a la joven inglesa a llevar a Lawrence a la cripta de la familia ya que la mansión se había quemado. Por poco la bala hubiera matado realmente a Lawrence por lo cerca que estuvo de tocar su corazón, pero afortunadamente el descanso haría que se recuperara. ¿Quedarse en Talbot Hall? No, no lo pensaron, se alejaron de ahí de regreso a Londres, a la tienda de antigüedades de Gwen, ya después pensarían que hacer ¿Y Aberline? Desapareció una noche iniciando el invierno… … Los periódicos de todo el Imperio no dejaron pasar la nota, lo anunciaban como \"La bestia del bosque\" como \"El destripador del campo\" por lo brutal de sus ataques. Las víctimas siempre eran mujeres jóvenes de los pueblos del norte, los aldeanos tenían miedo de salir sobretodo en las noches de luna llena… y más aun ahora que la luna se teñía de rojo como sangre. El terror se sentía en el aire. Lawrence dejó el periódico sobre la mesa. Desde que leyera la primera nota al respecto comenzó a sospechar que se tratara de un hombre lobo, tal vez algún joven recién transformado que no supiera controlarse, él mismo a pesar del tiempo que había pasado aun tenía miedo de alguna noche en que la luna se mostrara como señora del firmamento él perdiera el control y atacara a Gwen. Esa era su única pesadilla, el no tener a Gwen a su lado… El heredero Talbot se levantó de su silla y caminó hacia la ventana, su joven esposa trabajaba en el jardín de la casa entre las viejas estatuas de mármol que adornaban el lugar y que eran demasiado grandes para estar dentro de la tienda de antigüedades. Lawrence apoyo su frente contra el frío cristal, preferiría la muerte antes de dañar a Gwen… pero, no tenía el valor de abandonarla, sabía que ella correría inmediatamente detrás de él. La señorita Conliffe ahora señora Talbot levantó la vista del cuidado de sus flores para toparse con la mirada preocupada de Lawrence en el piso de arriba de su casa. Ella le sonrió para tranquilizarlo, sabía que esa mirada solo la mostraba cuando pensaba en la maldición, ella sabía el peligro pero también sabía que Lawrence nunca la dañaría. Había sido suficiente, Gwen se levantó sacudiendo su vestido, era momento de entrar a casa. … ¿En qué piensas?- preguntó Gwen. Lawrence fue tomado por sorpresa y no pudo pensar en alguna mentira, además siempre era descubierto por Gwen. En los ataques en el norte- confesó Lawrence- ¿y si es una bestia? Gwen se acercó al sillón que ocupaba Lawrence para besarlo en la mejilla. Es en el norte, no vendrá hasta aquí- trató de tranquilizarlo. Talbot no se veía muy convencido. ¿Y si lo hiciera? ¿Y si yo…?- no pudo terminar la frase. Gwen se sentó en sus piernas mientras lo abrazaba tiernamente por el cuello. Shhh, shhhh, tranquilo, no eres tú, nunca serás tú…- musitó antes de que sus labios se tocaran suavemente. Antes de que Lawrence pudiera contestar alguien llamó con insistencia a la puerta. ¿Quién podrá ser a esta hora?- se preguntó Talbot. … ¿Sí?- Lawrence se adelantó a la puerta. ¿El señor Talbot?- preguntó un oficial. Soy yo- contestó algo tenso el señor de la casa. Era la primera vez en todo este tiempo que un policía le buscaba ¿qué quería de él? El inspector Francis Aberline me solicitó le buscará- informó el policía- acompáñeme, ha pedido verle. ¿Aberline?- se sorprendió Lawrence. Desde la noche en que se enfrentaron a sir John, Aberline había desaparecido de su vida. Sí señor, si me permite es urgente- dijo en un tono muy serio el oficial. ¿Y dónde está?- Lawrence seguía dudando si ir o no ir. En el hospital… - contestó el oficial sorprendiendo aun más a Lawrence- señor, no hay tiempo que perder… podría ser muy tarde… Continuara…[Chapter 3] El lobo herido El carruaje de la policía se detuvo enfrente de la puerta principal del hospital. Era un imponente edificio flanqueado por rejas oxidadas, la pintura blanca de sus paredes ponían extrañamente nervioso a Lawrence. El heredero Talbot caminó detrás del oficial del policía hasta el recibidor seguido por la señora Talbot, Gwen se sujeto al fuerte brazo de Lawrence para inspirarle confianza. ¿En qué se habría metido Aberline para terminar en el hospital? Una enfermera los llevó hasta el cuarto piso, la cama del inspector estaba ubicada en la esquina izquierda de esa habitación justo a la orilla que daba a la ventana. Por Dios… Aberline- musitó Lawrence llegar al lado de la cama. El inspector Francis Aberline se encontraba recostado entre las sábanas de la cama del hospital, lucía agotado y mucho más delgado de lo que Lawrence o Gwen lo recordaban. Unas profundas ojeras enmarcaban sus cansados ojos, su respiración era lenta y pesada, como si le costara trabajo respirar. En un débil movimiento el inspector se destapo hasta la altura del pecho dejando ver unos vendajes recién cambiados ya con una ligera mancha de carmín que iba en aumento. ¿Qué le paso?- preguntó Lawrence viendo la sangre. Lo encontraron herido- ahora fue el policía quien hablo- en la estación de trenes, no sabemos de dónde venía, deliraba cuando llegué para traerlo al hospital. Creemos que alguien intento robarle y él al resistirse resulto gravemente herido. El oficial hizo una pausa, el lugar estaba en absoluto silencio, solo se escuchaba el cansado respirar de Aberline. En su delirio- continuó el oficial- solamente pedía, mejor dicho, ordenaba que quería ver a Lawrence Talbot, por eso le busqué, señor. ¿Y cómo se encuentra?- intervino la señora Talbot. Perdió mucha sangre- la enfermera volvió a cobijar al inspector- pero logramos detener la hemorragia, ahora lo tenemos sedado para que descanse y su cuerpo pueda recuperarse. … El oficial se retiró después de que Lawrence firmara algunos papeles para el hospital, ya que Aberline estaba solo y no tenía a nadie al menos en Londres, El señor y la señora Talbot firmaron como responsables para estar a su cuidado durante su convalecencia además Lawrence deseaba saber por qué Aberline estaba en este estado. La tarde avanzó y dio paso a la noche sin que el inspector reaccionara, en ocasiones se movía un poco entre las sábanas, pero la dosis para sedarlo había sido tan fuerte que dudaban despertará hasta la mañana siguiente. Gwen se quedó dormida en el sillón pegado a un viejo armario mientras Lawrence comenzaba a cabecear por el sueño en una desvencijada silla entre la ventana y la cama de Aberline. ¿Por qué preocuparse por él? ¿Acaso no había intentado matarlo cuando supo que era un hombre lobo? No, no podía, las palabras de Máleva vinieron a su mente \"Es pecado matar a un hombre…\" Aberline era un hombre, ¿bueno, malo? ¡Quién podía saberlo! Además, finalmente él también tenía ahora la maldición de la bestia, y eso aunque Lawrence no quisiera verlo de esa forma, era en parte su propia responsabilidad… … La enfermera había venido a revisar al inspector en la ronda nocturna, de eso ya pasarían unas dos o tres horas, Gwen seguía completamente dormida. Pobre Gwen, últimamente se veía cansada aunque seguía siendo una mujer imparable, la mujer que más amaba Lawrence… De pronto, un débil gemido lo hizo despertar. El inspector de Scotland Yard se removía un poco más en la cama. ¿Aberline?- llamó débilmente Lawrence. Francis Aberline abrió muy lentamente los ojos, en verdad se veía agotado cuando su mirada azul se poso en el rostro de Lawrence al principio sin reconocerlo por el efecto del sedante, después parecía recordar de quien se trataba. Sed…- musitó con voz apagada. Lawrence caminó a una mesilla de noche donde llenó un vaso de agua. Regresó a la derecha de la cama y ayudó a Aberline a levantar un poco su cabeza para que pudiera beber, el líquido escapó un poco entre sus labios mientras él bebía con avidez, el agua chorreo hasta los vendajes empapados un poco más con la sangre del inspector. Tranquilo, no queremos que se ahogue- ironizó Lawrence cuando retiró el vaso vacío- ¿Cómo se encuentra? El inspector dejó caer su mareada cabeza sobre la almohada sin decir nada más, solamente mantuvo la vista fija en el techo. Lawrence entendió que no hablaría más, tal vez estaba tan drogado por el medicamente que ni siquiera recordaba dónde estaba. Después de unos minutos sin tener contestación regresó a su silla para seguir velando por el inspector. … -Talbot… Lawrence despertó de golpe, no recordaba en qué momento se había quedado dormido. ¿Quién? ¿Cuándo? ¿Dónde? Ah, cierto, estaba en el hospital con Aberline y Gwen. Su esposa seguía dormida en el sillón, entonces había sido Aberline quién le había hablado. El inspector seguía en la misma posición como había quedado después de beber el agua, aun seguía mirando el techo ¿acaso no había vuelto a dormir? Talbot…- volvió a llamar en un susurro el inspector. Aquí estoy ¿necesita algo? ¿se siente mal?- preguntó Lawrence acercándose un poco más a la cama para escucharlo. Aberline hizo una mueca de dolor antes de volver a llamar a Lawrence, éste se acercó aun más a la cama hasta acercar su oreja al rostro de Aberline para escucharlo. La voz del inspector sonaba tan apagada que era difícil entenderle. Hay… más…- susurró Aberline. Lawrence lo entendió al momento, Francis Aberline se refería a más hombres lobo ¿tendría relación con las notas en los periódicos? ¿Cómo nosotros?- preguntó Lawrence para corroborar. Sí- musitó Aberline respirando cansadamente. El hijo de sir John sabía que debía dejar descansar a Aberline, pero ahora que estaba despierto no podía dejar pasar la oportunidad de continuar preguntando. Tranquilo- comentó Lawrence solo ver que Aberline se agitaba un poco, al parecer él también quería explicar algo- solo contesté sí o no ¿Entendió? -Sí… -¿Ellos le hicieron esto? -Sí… -¿Son muchos? -No… -¿Son más fuertes que usted o yo? -Sí… -¿Están cerca? Esa era la pregunta que más temía Lawrence. -Sí… ¿Sí? Sí estaban cerca, ¿qué tan cerca? No, no era bueno alterar a Aberline, no mientras estaba así de débil. Además, el inspector una vez más había cerrado los ojos quedando inconsciente. Esa sería una noche muy larga… Continuara…[Chapter 4] ¡Feliz Navidad y año Nuevo! Muchísimas gracias por haberme acompañado a lo largo de este año en mi amado fanfiction así como mil y un gracias a todos los que escriben por las historias que nos han regalado y con las cuales he pasado tantos momentos de felicidad leyendo al filo del asiento así como esperando sus actualizaciones. Lo mejor en este año 2012 que está a unas cuantas horas (tiempo de México) de llegar, que todas sus metas y propósitos se logren que sé así será. La siguiente frase no es mía pero siempre me tener una sonrisa así que espero sea de su agrado: \"Sueña y apunta a la luna aun si fallas siempre acertarás a las estrellas\" ¡Nos leemos el próximo año chics! Tavata ","Summary":" Antes de empezar… La tranquilidad de la noche fue interrumpida por un grito desesperado, el grito d"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"The Road To Blackmoor","Author":"ActionFantasyLuver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6849938","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Road To Blackmoor She was regal and quite lovely as she sat on the tan blanket, meters away from the Talbot family mausoleum, bathed in the light of the full moon. Her hair was prematurely white, had been since she was twenty eight, and - if one looked close - there were small lines of suffering on the skin close to her green eyes. Three full moons had passed since the first time her husband changed and although she had come to accept the growls and howling that came from within the structure, the transformation and what it did to her beloved still made the woman heartsick. If only they could find a cure. She would never forget that first gruesome morning when her husband came home early, bruised and stained but not from his own blood, his clothing torn and his expression - that of a man who had witnessed the horrors of hell. \"She was right.\" Francis Aberline had gasped as he collapsed into her arms, sobbing like a child, something Mrs. Emma Aberline had never witnessed before from her husband. Their children had not yet awakened, thank God above, and their housekeeper, Mrs. Thornson, would be arriving very shortly. She took him upstairs where he could wash, change clothes, and sleep. He would not go into work today, Scotland Yard could do without him for awhile. She would send a boy later to tell his superiors he had grown ill, perhaps an on-going problem from the injury he had sustained weeks ago in Blackmoor. This could be the only explanation for not showing after the carnage witnessed by so many the evening before. Every officer at the station would be vying for the case. Normally the well decorated Inspector Aberline would be the first to be approached … but not lately. There were too many deaths around him - to many cases where life was inexplicibly lost. Many on the force thought Aberline was unstable, his mere presence a bad omen, despite his distinguished service record. That wolf creature had returned, killed six people during the night, and it would be said - days later - that the authorities were at a loss. They had no idea who or what it was. And, of course, all eyes would fall on Aberline. Lawrence Talbot had died a month before this. He had been blamed for the deaths in both Blackmoor and London although no one exactly knew why or how a single man could cause such chaos. Inspector Aberline had been so sure Talbot was some kind of psychotic monster … and eventually the very idea that a man had changed into some kind of wolf creature had been dismissed by the newspapers. They called it \"mass hysteria\". The killer was a mere madman, like Jack the Ripper before him. The difference was that this fiend was powerful, psychotic and allowed himself to be seen. And now he was dead. The populace had believed it for weeks …. Yet, here he was again. Obviously Lawrence Talbot was not the predator everyone thought he was, poor man. His name was posthumously cleared by most … at the expense of Aberline's reputation. Miss Conliffe understood, even if she did not want to believe it, and now the Aberlines truly understood the curse and its effects. She had come to the Aberline household in London just weeks after both Lawrence and his father, John Talbot, had been put to rest. Of course, there was not much of Sir John to bury, the man having burned to death when his estate went up in flames. But Lawrence was forever at rest, interred in the family crypt … along with Ben and their mother … … where Francis was currently running rampant … Poor Lawrence, dead from a gunshot wound, a silver bullet to his chest, killed by the woman who loved him. And how Gwen had tried to make Francis Aberline understand that he too was now cursed. She owed it to Lawrence … and Ben … No more should die from this terrible curse. Aberline would become a monster at the next full moon … and only then would he believe her. He should have believed her at once. After everything he had witnessed he should have believed every word she said. Yet, Miss Conliffe could not say \"I told you so.\" to this man. She felt responsible for what had happened to him. If she had allowed Aberline to shoot Lawrence when he had the chance he never would have been bitten. It was possibly the most selfish thing Gwen had ever done in her life. It was her fault and she would regret it until the day she died. Almost . At least she was able to hold Lawrence one last time in her arms ... and hear him speak her name. Was that worth the lives that would be taken by Aberline when he changed? No - of course it wasn't. But at the time she was at peace ... just hearing Lawrence say: \"Thank you.\" and touching her hand was enough to get her through the tragedy. Even now she prayed to God for forgiveness. If she hadn't been so stubborn, so sure she could save Lawrence, no one else might have been hurt or killed. Mrs Aberline watched as Gwen approached, her heavy dark cloak shielding her from the cool night air. In her hands she held the key that locked the gates within the crypt. They would wait until morning, when he was back to himself, to let the Inspector out. Lawrence had told her of this place, how Sir John had locked himself in, and it was all she could think of to do. Lives saved, hours on a train from London, to lock him in at the first indication of night and a full moon. Then they would return to London, life would go on, and they would continue to try and find a cure. So far there was no gypsy who could help them. They tried to approach it methodically but any professor or man of science they approached spouted theory but no real cure for the affliction. Some laughed outright at their questions. Eventually, they hoped someone would help them. Meanwhile, Gwen sat on the blanket next to Emma Aberline and took a deep breath. The night was brisk but the stench from the mausoleum made the fresh air welcome. Mrs. Aberline brought some apples and, more important, a flask of plum wine to keep out the cold - and to numb their minds against the screams from the cell. She pulled them from her cloth bag and silently offered a portion to her companion. Gwen took an apple but raised her hand against the spirit, \"Thank you, no.\" Mrs Aberline shrugged mildly and took a sip. She then gently smiled at the younger woman, \"You are kind to do this with us. You don't need to really. I could take care of Francis myself, you know.\" \"You shouldn't have to. Not in this circumstance. \" Gwen replied and looked over to the mausoleum, \"Besides, it gives me an excuse to visit.\" Of course . Mrs Aberline should have thought of that. Gwen was visiting the final resting place of her beloved, Ben Talbot. And perhaps even Lawrence Talbot. Francis had said the younger Talbot brother and Gwen had grown close. She was still grieving for them both. Perhaps she always would. Gwen stretched a bit and laid back on her elbows, her cloak falling away. In the bright moonlight she was clearly revealed. Emma Aberline, the mother of two children*, knew what she was seeing, \"Miss Conliffe, are you expecting a child?\" Gwen started and quickly tossed the cloak over the swell of her mid section. She then sat up and sighed, \"Yes.\" She watched as the woman silently counted the months and weeks in her head. She would save her the trouble. \"It belongs to Lawrence Talbot.\" Gwen said and closed her eyes. One night together. A beautiful, lovely encounter that she would never forget ... or regret. xxxxxxx *Note - The real Inspector Fredrick \"Francis\" Aberline and his wife, Emma, never had children . TO BE CONTINUED.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 The women sat together without speaking for a long while. Mrs. Aberline fingered the trim on her purple shawl as she listened to the growls from inside the mausoleum. She also looked up at the moon, what some called The Goddess of the Hunt, and wondered if she was laughing this evening; amused by the sight of two women waiting on a monster and being very awkward with one another in the process. \"What you must think of me.\" Gwen murmured, resting on the blanket, her hands tucked behind her head. She had dispensed with her dark bonnet, laying it beside them on the blanket, and had allowed the cloak to fall free once again. Her swollen stomach was revealed once again under the heavy skirt she wore. \"It's none of my business.\" Mrs. Aberline said, clearing her throat. \"But if you would like to unburden yourself …\" she offered. Gwen almost laughed. The woman was dying of curiosity but wanted so much to appear dispassionate. She sighed and hesitated. Perhaps someone else should know. If, for no other reason, the story needed to be told to a person of intelligence who would not sensationalize it. One day the story might have to be disclosed to others and Gwen felt she could trust Emma Aberline to tell it well. \"You already know most of it. How Lawrence was attacked and how he, as the werewolf, bit your husband.\" Miss Conliffe lay a hand on her own stomach, \"But this happened on the road to Blackmoor ...\" Mrs. Aberline folded her hands and listened. xxxx She road like the wind, or the devil possessed, the horse's stride as desperate as her own thoughts. He had left her there, in the antique shop, without a word. Earlier, she had given him some of her father's clothes, the ones he kept in the shop when he took a full weekend to tidy the place from top to bottom. They were clean from their last washing and had plenty of wear. There were also some more dressy street clothes, left by Ben during his visits to London, and she hesitated only a moment before giving them to Lawrence. She did not know why she didn't throw them away after Ben died ... But was grateful Lawrence never asked where they came from. Perhaps he already knew. In retrospect, he never really agreed to stay in the shop, to hide from view as she asked. Silently, he held her for a moment longer. Lawrence then pulled back and looked into her eyes with so much regret she nearly wept. At the time Gwen thought he was merely sorry he had put her in harms way. Or perhaps he regretted that they had thrown caution to the wind and kissed as if their lives depended on it. Gwen should have known right away that he was going to depart - but she turned and answered the insistent banging on the shop's backdoor anyway. Damn that Aberline. Lawrence was going to his father's estate to stop him any way he could. Gwen was not so naïve that she could not understand what that meant - and it made her more frightened then ever. If Sir John was what Lawrence said he was, that he had murdered both Ben and their mother, Lawrence could find himself in more danger then even he could imagine. And knowing Lawrence Talbot's threshold of guilt, dealing with old and new emotional ordeals, including the killing of ones own father, it would not surprise Gwen or anyone else if he attempted to take his own life. Oh, dear Lord, she had to hurry! She had to find that gypsy and get her to help him. Maleva was the key. She had to be the one with the answers! xxx He walked practically none stop for a week, only taking time to eat and sleep for a few hours each evening. He could not stay in one place for very long for fear of being seen. Lawrence was also on a deadline. He wasn't entirely sure how long it would take him to walk from London to Blackmoor. Yet tonight, with the dark clouds coming in threatening rain, in this small shack on the side of the road, he felt safe. He hadn't seen anyone for days and that was a relief. - but he only had one more week before the moon was full again. If Lawrence's calculations were correct that should give him exactly a one day grace period to get to Talbot Hall before the change would over-come he and his father. One day … to kill Sir John then himself. One day to save so many more lives. The Talbot name would crumble into dust, as it should. Singh could finally go home and live the life that was taken from him during his servitude with Sir John. And maybe, just maybe, if he acted quickly enough his soul would be saved. Lawrence gulped. His only regret was Gwen. He prayed she would find someone new to love, a man of quality, and he would be good to her, allowing her to forget him - and Ben - and the tragedy that was the Talbot curse. A flash cut across the darkening sky followed by thunder. The rumble seemed to continue for a long stretch of time. Lawrence looked into the small shack, at the blanket he had found and tossed onto some hay. It made an adequate bed. He knew herders would often take days to trek with their cattle over these lands. Perhaps the building had been built for them. A place they could rest their weary bodies while their animals fed on the fresh clover about the structure. There was even a small stall for one or two horses. Again, the thunder rumbled. But no. It wasn't thunder. It was the beat of horse hooves against the ground. Someone was coming down the dirt path at a rapid rate of speed. Perhaps they were trying to get home before it rained. Lawrence ducked into the building and watched through a slat as the white mare approached. The rider was female and familiar. His eyes narrowed. It was difficult to see because it was growing darker as the storm clouds approached. A panic suddenly struck Lawrence. What if she stopped here and found him? She might report having seen him to the villagers and they would no doubt be on the attack, especially after the deaths of so many of their own. But she wasn't stopping. She wasn't even slowing down. Lawrence's eyes widened when he saw who it was. \"Gwen!\" he shouted without realizing he had done so. She rode past the shack just as he called her name and she instantly slowed down. He knew he shouldn't but Lawrence could not help stepping from the building and calling to her again. Gwen heard him and turned the horse. \"Lawrence?\" she called in reply and rode back. By the time she came to him and slid off the horse into his awaiting arms, the rain had come. Lawrence rushed both she and the horse into the building. He took the mare to the stall and tied her. He went outside again to pull some clover and tossed it in the feeding bin. He then turned to Miss Conliffe, who was standing inside the doorway, looking out at the rain but also at him. Her hair was down and in the softness of twilight, despite the rain, she was even more beautiful then usual, if that was possible. \"Where were you going?\" he asked, resisting the urge to run to her and take the woman in his arms again. He found a candle in his nap-sack and lit it as she spoke. \"The gypsies are a two day ride from here. Maybe there is something they can do.\" He placed the candle in a sconce near the stall, \"Gwen, no one can help me.\" \"I have to try!\" she unexpectedly cried. Anger, frustration and affection bubbled to the surface in a heart broken sob. Lawrence was there, holding her, so sorry for the grief he had caused. \"I love you!\" Gwen moan once again, her tone impulsive as her body pressed against his. \"You can't love me … you can't …\" Lawrence murmured, stroking her hair. \"Please Gwen, listen to me …\" She looked up at him, her face very close to his, close enough to feel her warm breath against his cheek. \"Lawrence if you can honestly say you feel nothing for me, that what we shared back at the antique shop was not real, I will believe you. But you can't tell me how I should feel . I do love you … and I always will.\" How could he lie and tell her no? He was not that good an actor. His body could not stop itself from reacting to her touch and his lips suddenly pulled at hers, at first tenderly, memories of the antique shop not long out of either of their minds. Then, with a fiery, frantic passion, which spoke of not just need but also anguish. \"Gwen … oh, Gwen …\" he murmured between kisses. He pulled at the laces and clasps of her blouse and skirt. She fumbled with the buttons of his shirt. Slowly, deliberately they made their way to the hay and blanket as the rain poured, the thunder sounded and the lightening flashed across the sky. Xxxx \"It shouldn't be like this.\" He murmured in the dark, holding her close, marveling at the supple texture of her bare skin against his own. Self-reproach shown in his eyes despite the incredible ecstasy they just shared. Outside it was still raining but not with the force it had an hour earlier. Their little shelter had held, no leaks, and Gwen's mare was quiet and content. They had covered themselves with her wide cloak, against the chill, enjoying the warmth of each other's body. \"Don't think that, Lawrence,\" She raised her head, one hand lay across his chest, positioning herself to look into his eyes, \"Ben would understand. He would never begrudge either of us a moments bliss, especially now, during all this dreadfulness.\" She did not say it would be an entirely different matter if he was alive but Lawrence understood. Even as a boy his brother was very understanding. \"It's not that. I've made my peace with Ben.\" His eyes, caught by the candlelight, looked past her. A hand raised to touch her loose and lovely hair. \"It's this.\" Lawrence picked a stray piece of straw from a lock and flicked it away, \"You are an exquisite, respectable young woman. This time together should have came while resting in a large bed with silk sheets, perfume, and an ice bucket with champagne - with the one you love.\" Again, he looked past her, the smile fading. \"Not a monster who could never bring you anything but unhappiness.\" \"Stop that.\" Her tone was firm, \"Right now I am as far from being unhappy as I could ever be.\" Gwen's gentle touch moved from his chest, her finger tips resting on his firm chin and mouth. \"You are not a monster. This happened to you through no fault of your own, Lawrence. I heard what happened. You ran after that gypsy boy, trying to save his life. Then you were attacked. But more then even that you were avenging Ben. You were trying stop your brother's killer. And besides,\" she added quickly before he could raise any form of an objection, \"who is to say that what you've described is my vision of perfect romance?\" Lawrence could not stop the lop-sided smile, a brief moment of merriment, at her words. \"Then what is your vision of ideal romance?\" he asked, taking pleasure in their intimate game. She returned his warmth, kissing him lightly on the lips, whispering - \"Oh, something a bit more … rural . And yes, with the man I love …\" But even as she spoke Gwen could not disguise what they both knew as reality. She felt it too. Guilt that she could feel for Lawrence what she thought she felt for Ben. Honestly, she did love Ben, had loved him enough to agree to be his wife. He had been secure and kind to her. And if the marriage had happened they might have been very happy. But Lawrence … Her adoration for Lawrence, his brother, was passionate, forbidden and all consuming. She was so confused by their attraction to one another. It was improper yet perfect. In the confusion were moments of faultless clarity. The way he held her now, how their bodies had fit together so flawlessly, eliciting passions she never thought possible … And still, she knew. There was no future for the two of them together. The best they could hope for was this , a magnificent night together, filled with love and delight ... Away from the prying eyes of those who could never understand what they meant to one another. NO. Gwen refused to believe it. There had to be a way. Lawrence needed her help and no matter what he said she would give it to him. \"I have to ask you something.\" Lawrence began, his hand moving from her hair to gently run down the softness of her bare back, \"Did I take …? Was this your …? You felt …\" and he realized he couldn't ask her. Yet, that male part of him, the descendent of knights and conquerors, perhaps even that age-old need for any man to know that a woman was truly his, made him curious. \"I was a virgin.\" She said with an astonishing boldness, smiling and meeting his green eyes once again, \"And thank you for being gentle and so very considerate. You are a wonderful lover, Lawrence.\" More guilt. Once again, he had taken what should have been his brother's. Yet, how could he apologize for it? She was the woman of his dreams. \"You're okay?\" he asked her, seriously. Honestly, Lawrence could not even remember taking a virgin in all his thirty five years. His first was an experienced woman from a brothel, an arrangement made possible by his slightly older American cousin. That was when he turned eighteen and was eager to know what all the fuss was about. He was not disappointed. Then, when he became an actor, the circles he associated himself with were not exactly noted for their purity and propriety. As a matter of fact he recalled one eventful evening, a year or two back, when the actresses that played Ophelia and Gertrude invited him for an evening of pleasure - together. He had a bit too much to drink that evening and agreed without hesitation. Looking back, it probably wasn't one of his best decisions. The company had to eventually find another Gertrude when the actress, in a fit of jealousy over who had been the better partner, tripped Ophelia on stage during her flower soliloquy. \"So you are wondering what a nice girl like me is doing in a place like this - proper English girl that I am …?\" Gwen smile was contagious, \"And I am.\" she chuckled faintly. \"You are.\" Lawrence could not deny it any longer, \"I do love you, Miss Conliffe.\" Once again, Gwen leaned forward and placed her mouth on his, savoring the contact as his arms embraced her. Slowly, he turned her over and they lead one another, once again, into a world of desire and pleasure but, more then this, an absolute love - unlike either had ever experience before in their lives. And its as yet unknown consequences. xxxx xxxx TO BE CONTINUED.[Chapter 3] CHAPTER 3 XXXXX \"He seduced you.\" A snarl came from within the mausoleum, as if the unseen wolfman was also accusing Lawrence Talbot of being a cad. Gwen looked steadily at Mrs. Aberline, sitting beside her on the blanket, the full moon slowly ascending to the west. She spoke with no apology. \"A mutual seduction, I think.\" Gwen now half smiled with memory and sadness. \"We both fought it, our feelings for one another, but in the end fate brought us together. And this ,\" Gwen contentedly and affectionately tapped her belly, \"was the result. I'd like to think of it as God's way of giving Lawrence a second chance. Me too for that matter. An heir.\" \"An illegitimate child.\" Emma Aberline could not hide the disapproval in her tone. Gwen had made a mistake in thinking the woman would take in her tale with an open mind. If anything, Mrs. Aberline hadn't listened at all. Or, if she did, she was too old to understand a true blessing when it was presented. Still, she was not the only one. When Gwen had told her father she was with child his expression shown not only shown shock but a deep disappointment. She could almost hear him say: \"I thought I brought you up better then this …\" \"This baby,\" Gwen spoke slow and clear, as if to an obtuse child who refused to understand something substantially uncomplicated. \"was the result of two people being in love. If Lawrence hadn't died we would have had a future together. I know it. And he would have been a wonderful father.\" Gwen's voice shook as she spoke. \"We would have been a family.\" Emma's expression softened slightly, not entirely believing the younger woman - perhaps thinking her a bit gullible - but sorry for her own discourtesy. Her tone was not unkind as she asked, \"What are you going to do?\" With a sigh, appreciating her companion's attempt at civility, Gwen looked over to where the great Talbot estate once stood. It was now nothing more then burnt stone and timber. In the moonlight she could almost see the shadows of all those who came before. It was sad to behold but, in its own way, also a relief. \"Except for my father and yourself no one knows about my condition. I've been staying away from the antique store, making it easier for me to come here to be with you and Inspector Aberline.\" she explained, \"Father wants me to go away for awhile, have the baby, then come back. He said we can tell friends and family that we took in a foundling from an orphanage. He knows people, he said, and they can arrange the paperwork.\" \"Is that what you want to do?\" \"I wouldn't care if it was myself alone. I would announce it proudly to the heavens and the world. But for my father's and this child's sake I'm willing to go along with the pretense.\" Mrs. Aberline looked at Gwen, pensive but sympathetic. This day and age, she thought, what else was there to do? \"Very wise ...\" \"But I want our baby to know who his father was. Some day I'll tell him or her … some day.\" But even as Gwen said this she wondered how she would tell her child the truth, of the lunacy that surrounded its birth, and not scar him or her for life. Emma nodded, unsure if anything she said might be misconstrued as judgmental. To soften the blow of her earlier comments she asked, \"How did you and Lawrence part? It was amicable?\" Gwen smiled, comprehending her curiosity. XXXX She was laying on her side and awoke to the smell of straw, damp air and the sound of birds chirping. Miss Conliffe's bare back was curiously cool. She smiled remembering his warmth covering her, his ardent and urgent kisses on her spine and neck, his loving words in her ear. Gwen turned over and was disappointed to see Lawrence gone. She sat up and saw her own clothing, skirt, blouse, camisole and other under garments, laying at the foot of her cloak-cover - but his clothes were missing. For the briefest of moments Gwen panicked, thinking he had abandoned her, had started off to Talbot Hall without so much as a goodbye. But then she heard him outside with her mare. Lawrence had brought her out of the stall to graze. \"Good girl. Don't go far.\" Gwen heard him speaking soothingly to the mare and she smiled. It was a cool morning but the rain had stopped and she quickly pulled on her under garments and boots. Gwen picked up her skirt and was preparing to step into it when Lawrence came in through the shack's open entrance. They smiled gently and a little self consciously at one another. Lawrence came over to Gwen and silently helped her dress. Gently, he closed the clasps on the back of her blouse as she buttoned the skirt together. When he was finished he put his hands on her shoulders and asked, \"Breakfast?\" into her ear. She smiled and turned to him, \"What are you offering?\" \"I brought bread and cheese.\" he said with a slight grimace, \"I've been chewing on both since I left London.\" She nodded, \"I have some dried meat and fruit in my saddlebags. We'll do a little exchange.\" Gwen watched as he picked up the cloak from his … their bed. He shook it out and slid it over her shoulders. \"Come.\" he said. They walked outside, his arm draped around her shoulders. Her mare had already been prepared for its morning ride. Gwen was a bit saddened by this but it was inevitable. She and Lawrence had to part. He took a couple apples from her pack as well as some beef and replaced them with some bread and cheese. He stuffed his share into his own sack and softly laid it on the ground beside them. Thoughtfully, almost reluctantly, knowing what it would signify, Lawrence gently took her by the arms and pulled her to him for a hug. He was pleased when she wrapped her own arms around him and laid her head on his shoulder. \"I need to ask you something. I need you to promise me you will do something, Gwen.\" \"What?\" \"If you are ever in a situation where someone asks how you feel or felt about me … you mustn't tell them that we are in love.\" She pulled back and looked into his eyes, puzzled. \"Why? I feel no shame, do you?\" \"It could go badly for you. Gwen, it wasn't that long ago that you loved and were engaged to my brother. If others found out about this - I could not bear it if they hurt you or shunned you.\" \"Lawrence, that wouldn't matter to me.\" \"It would matter to me, Gwen. My own reputation means nothing anymore but you … it's much different for a woman.\" Gwen did understand why he was asking this from her. A woman's status was a delicate thing in 1891 London, England. Being invited to all the right parties and being known by the right people not only spoke well for the woman but her family name as well. Halfhearted, she nodded, adhering to his wishes. \" I have something to ask you.\" At his nod she said, \"I want you to promise me that after you do what you feel you must at Talbot Hall … you will not kill yourself.\" His eyes widened a little, stunned that she had guessed that he had, indeed, planned to kill himself. 'Gwen …\" \"There is a chance I'll find a way of stopping this terrible thing that has happened to you, Lawrence. I might be able to save you. I've read books and did research … Please promise me there will be no suicide attempts. No shooting yourself of throwing yourself over the waterfall … Nothing like that.\" \"Gwen, I can't turn into that monster again. I just can't. The things it does …\" \"In that case lock yourself up. In the mausoleum as your father did before you. I'll find the key to let you out in the morning and we will stop this. I know we can, Lawrence. Please promise me.\" He stared at her, wanting so badly to tell her it was impossible- but he could deny her nothing, especially with those beautiful, nearly tearful, eyes looking up at him, beseeching. \"I promise.\" Lawrence said. They clung to one another for a few minutes more then he helped Gwen onto her horse. \"Goodbye, my love.\" Gwen said, her hand holding his, their fingers slowly sliding away from one another. \"I do love you.\" he repeated the words he had so passionately said to her last night. Lawrence watched as she and the mare move away. The next time they saw one another, fully conscious of each other's presence, was just before he died, killed by the silver bullet from a gun held by the love of his life. XXX (coming soon) TO CONCLUSION:[Chapter 4] CHAPTER 4 - CONCLUSION XXXXX She gasped, blotted her eyes then blew her nose. \"Oh, you poor dears\" Mrs. Aberline whimpered softly, straightening her back and breathing in deeply. \"You are so right, Gwen. You could have had such a lovely life together. And now …\" she reached over to gently touch the young woman's stomach, \"Your child will never know its father.\" \"One way or another it will.\" Gwen reassured, softly. She put her hand on Emma's and smiled mildly, appreciating the woman's sympathy, yet also understanding it may be somewhat misplaced, \"This baby will be loved and brought up well, even if it will only be by its mother and Grandfather. Which, when you think about it, is more then some families can offer with both a mother and father present.\" Her tone was more self assured then Gwen really was. \"You are so brave.\" Emma Aberline said. Getting control of herself she slipped the handkerchief into her sleeve, \"You will always have a part of Lawrence here to remind you of the deep but brief love you shared with one another.\" Miss Conliffe's smile widened. This coming from a women who, only a few hours ago, called the man a cad. Gwen felt much better now, having told the story and divested herself with another who, for the most part, listened with a patient and compassionate ear. The sun was beginning to rise in the east. Birds chirped around them and a visible mist now arose from the apron around the forest off in the distance. The women stood as they heard a call from the mausoleum. It was human and eager to be set free. Gwen lifted her hand and gave the key to Emma, \"Go,\" she said, \"He will want to see you first and will need your help to dress. I'll follow shortly, pay my respects to the dead, and we'll leave.\" Mrs. Aberline nodded thankfully. It had been a long night. She move away, anxious to rejoin her husband. Unexpectedly, Gwen saw something out of the corner of her eye and she looked over to the woods. It was an animal of some kind. It darted from between the trees, in and out of the fog, and looked as if it was searching for something. Gwen nearly gasped. It was Samson. After all these months Sir John's hound still lived. Somehow it must have escaped the great house before the fire. \"Samson!\" she called, excited. He represented a sort of innocence, a beast never knowing the true evil that was its master's household. Or maybe - just maybe Samson did understand but, like Singh before him, felt obligated to stay; to let the drama play out until the very end, whatever the consequences. The dog's ears lifted and it looked directly at Gwen. It slowly moved forward, hesitant after all these months without human company, living off the land as its ancestors had thousands of years before the hound was born. \"Come on, boy!\" she called. Samson did come then stopped and sat attentively, staring at Gwen, twenty paces before her. His expression was one of recognition but not necessarily warmth. When she reached forward to pet him he backed up a bit. \"They're all gone, boy.\" she told him. Gwen couldn't help the sudden sob which escaped her. Sir John, Salona, Ben and Lawrence … all gone. She had loved them all, including the memory of Salona. Lawrence and Ben's beautiful mother. Again, her eyes traveled to the burnt out estate. She hated Blackmoor, disliked its people, but she had loved the old Hall, regardless of its disrepair … or maybe because of it. The dog's head turned from side to side, quizzically, as if trying to understand her grief. \"Do you want to come home with me?\" Gwen asked. \"I could use a good friend …\" she started but heard a howl off in the distance. Both Gwen and Samson turned to the forest. Samson panted and got up on all fours. He then howled back. Gwen saw two or three dogs trotting back and fourth on the apron, watching them. \"You have friends, I see.\" Gwen gently smiled at Samson, \"A female in there for you?\" He looked back at her. \"Go then, my friend. You've found a new family. Be happy, dear Samson.\" she clapped her hands and watched as the hound ran off to be with his pack. She was glad for him. But she also felt very lonely. With a sigh Gwen began to pick wild flowers. The Talbots may have been cursed - but they were not unloved. She would put a small bouquet on each stone incased coffin before they left Blackmoor. And she would pray … particularly for the soul of her beloved Lawrence. He believed he was damned. 'No,' Gwen thought, 'not while I live and breathe.' XXXXX They had their own compartment on the train. Inspector Aberline, pale and exhausted from his ordeal, fell asleep in his padded bench-chair the moment they boarded. He said very little to either women, other then he wanted to go home and see his children. Gwen thought it rather sweet from the usually surly lawman. Apparently, his current situation had made Aberline introspective and, possibly, he felt his life might be over soon. He wanted his progeny to remember him as a good, kind, courageous man - and a father to be proud of. After a few hours he awoke and told Emma he was hungry. He glanced twice at his wolfs head cane, once belonging to Lawrence Talbot. He kept it. He felt he should. No one ever questioned him and he was grateful. Mrs. Aberline asked Gwen if she would like to go with them to the dining car. \"No, I'm not really hungry.\" she said, \"I think I'll take a nap now.\" They left, closing the door behind them. Miss Conliffe was grateful to be alone, to stretch and look sleepily out the window, to dream and wish he were here …. She closed her eyes, the steady clack of the railroad car's wheels against the track lulling her to sleep. \"Gwen.\" Her eyes instantly opened, recognizing the voice. He was sitting across from her. \"Lawrence.\" He was dressed as they had buried him, with a well tailored suit - and he looked very handsome, his expression completely devoid of the stress and sorrow it had displayed too often while he visited Blackmoor, back when he was simply trying to find the fiend who murdered his brother. A visible glow surrounded Lawrence's body, the only indication that he was not of this world. \"I'm dreaming.\" Gwen said, disappointed. \"Yes, but that doesn't mean I'm not here.\" \" Why are you here?' she asked, lowly. Gwen supposed she should be pleased - absolutely thrilled out of her mind - to see him again. But, somehow it seemed a little cruel. He leaned forward and laced his fingers together. \"Because you need me. You've been so brave for so long, Gwen.\" \"I miss you.\" she whispered, trying to hold back tears, \"It's so unfair, Lawrence.\" \"We will be together again some day.\" he assured. \"Forgive me for being selfish but I want you here now .\" \"I know. Me too. But at least we can speak before I have to go back and take my place in The Order.\" \" Order ?\" \"It's too complicated. One day you will understand.\" He chuckled, gently. Then, a bit more seriously: \"I'm so sorry, Gwen, leaving you at a time like this.\" He looked to her abdomen, \"My son.\" he whispered, nearly in awe. \"Or daughter.\" \"No, it's a boy.\" \"You're so sure.\" \"Yes, I am.\" Tears finally fell … Of course he was sure . \"I will always be with you both. You will feel me in your hearts and in the air around you. You will know I'm watching over you, protecting you from harm …\" \"And the Talbot curse?\" \"It will not follow you - ever.\" \"Oh Lawrence, I wish I could hold you.\" He lifted a hand to her, \"Touch me.\" he said. She looked at him for a moment. Could she? Was it really allowed? He said nothing but she could hear him in her mind. No, it was not allowed but an exception will be made. This time . 'I need to touch you too.' Slowly, Gwen lifted her hand to his and touched, feeling warmth and love. If this was a dream how could this touch be so vivid? How could …? The glow transferred from his fingers to her own. It was incredible. She had never felt such softness, such utter contentment. But even this was not enough. Their eyes met. They both stood at the same time and enfolded one another, kissing and feeling an exquisite joy and passion that would have to carry Gwen Conliffe forward for the rest of her life. He would never be able to return to her again. At least not in a form like this, that she could recognize, and they both knew it. This was a blessing, a gifted time, and it would not go unacknowledged. \"Our baby will know you.\" Gwen whispered between kisses, \"He will know you.\" \"And I will be waiting for you both.\" Lawrence pulled back with great difficulty, yet continued to hold her hands. \"That won't be for a long time. But time is irrelevant where I exist. Be patient, Gwen - My Love.\" He smiled once again, backing away, and allowed his fingers to slowly slide from hers. Their eyes met once again and they continued to look at each other until he faded slowly from sight. She heard his disembodied voice say: \"I love you … forever .\" Gwen awoke and found she was still alone, the train continued to travel rapidly along its track. She lifted her hands and thought, for just a moment, she saw a glow to them, as if there had been a residual effect from what most certainly was a mere dream. Miss Conliffe felt suddenly very hungry and decided to join the Aberline's. After all, she was eating for two now. She stood and opened the door to their compartment. Her eye caught something odd. The wolfs-head cane was laying directly across from where she had been seated. Hadn't the Inspector taken it with him? Gwen nearly reached for it but decided it was not her place. She closed the door behind her and walked down the small hall. The cane dissolve away. XXX THE END April 2011 XXXX (I hope you enjoyed this THE WOLFMAN fiction. Please let me know what you thought. All my best!) ","Summary":" The Road To Blackmoor She was regal and quite lovely as she sat on the tan blanket, meters away fro"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"Another Life","Author":"ActionFantasyLuver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6749081","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another Life (Lawrence fell in love with Gwen, as she did him, but tragically it was not to be. If only he had known her in another life ….) -note: some scenes described are from the extended edition of The Wolfman- XXXXXXXXXX He would never forgive himself if anything ever happened to her. Oh, but even before this he knew he was falling in love. At first sight, perhaps, when she so boldly came to him backstage at The Theatre Royale in London. She sought help when her beloved Ben disappeared. Her demeanor was direct, her temperament in check, and Lawrence knew she was an extraordinary young woman. He sensed it, admired it, and nearly begrudged her the obvious worry and care for her missing fiancé. Poor Benjamin. He was Lawrence's even tempered fair-skinned brother, who the actor hadn't seen face to face in years. There had been a photograph, a small oval-shaped print Ben mailed to Lawrence a few years ago - and my, how Ben looked like their Father - but they would write to one another only occasionally. Lawrence wondered if Father knew about their correspondence - and if he would care if he did know? And did he know of Miss Conliffe's visit? Last year Ben mentioned in a hastily written missive that he was seeing a Miss Gwendolyn Conliffe, the daughter of a successful antique dealer, but Lawrence did not know how far the relationship had progressed. Perhaps Ben had wanted to keep her under wraps, to protect her from the tragedy that was his brother's life ... And he had completely failed to mention that Gwen was an exceptionally beautiful woman. Lawrence refused to help at first, thinking Ben had cold feet and simply ran out on his obligation. However, the look in her eyes, Gwen's desperate words and determination, had shaken his stubbornness. There was something there, a near challenge that stirred his blood. And, in retrospect, Ben would have had to been out of his mind to abandon someone like Gwen Conliffe. Even during that brief introduction and exchange he saw she was so unlike the other women he knew; the brazen actresses and admirers from the theatre. All Lawrence had to do was snap his fingers and any one of the striking young ladies would be his companion for the night. Popularity, Lawrence flipantly told friends, often has its rewards. But it also had its demands - And, in all honesty, he was a very lonely man, despite the attention. Miss Conliffe, he reasoned, was respectable and genteel. She might possibly even a bit of an autocrat if given the right circumstances. Yet, she also had a warm, loving heart and - he reflected - a passionate feistiness that might seem unladylike to some who did not know better ... but it captivated Lawrence - and Ben too.. No, she was not a phony and Lawrence could see how his brother, an honest man of few words and a less than worldly nature, had managed to impress and woo a woman like Gwen Conliffe. At least, Lawrence thought he understood. Ben was simple and uncomplicated. He was trustworthy and secure. He was also well-liked in Blackmoor. Any woman would be happy calling him her husband. Lawrence and Gwen never really got around to talking about she and Ben during their brief talks near the falls, the lake, or even when he was recovering, unknowing of his fate, and she sat there by his bedside. It was just too painful. Shamefaced, Lawrence found himself wondering if he came back to Blackmoor for Ben or to further find himself in Gwen's company. He felt further guilt when his father informed him that Ben was no longer just missing but dead, mauled by a madman or creature of unknown orgins. Then, when he was attacked himself and she was there, by his bedside, watching over him, caring for him and his most unnatural wound - how could he not love her? Lawrence would open his eyes during the night, the glow of a bright half-moon filtering through the heavy curtains and she would be sitting there, eyes closed, resting or asleep, an open book oftentimes clasped to her lovely bosom. Groggy and half asleep himself he had wished he was that book, to be so close to such perfection. But then he would fall asleep again and the dreams he had - awful violent nightmares - would over-shadow the gentleness of the lovely, calming vision that was his late brother's fiancé … the woman Lawrence had grown to not just desire but revere. Oh, but it was so wrong. Such guilt he felt every time she came close and he yearned to touch her, smell the delicate perfume she wore, and look deeply into the stunning depths of her eyes. And how he wanted to hold her, kiss away her pain, hoping she might take away some of his own heartache in return. Lawrence decided could live very happily for the rest of his life with a woman like Gwen Conliffe by his side. It was so wrong to think such things, his brother barely cold in his grave, but it also seemed so right. When they spoke with one another there was such a connection, a chemistry, and when they touched, when he taught her the rock-skipping trick, there was laughter and an all too brief joy. It was as if she were his soul-mate …. Silly nonsense, of course, but there were times when he would look into her eyes and see the same longing, the identical need, even if neither of them said it aloud. His father, Gwen had said, resented her because she reminded him of Lawrence's mother … a lovely woman of Spanish, possibly even a mixture of bloods, who Lawrence resembled. Perhaps that was a part of the puzzle. Despite her heritage, a dark skin color, and an uncertain pedigree, Mother was a bright light in their large dreary home - as was Gwen. That must have been a terrible conflict for Father; to have loved Mother so much, to have had her taken away by her own hand, then to have Ben bring Gwen into their lives - a terrible reminder of what Father once had and lost. Lawrence too had loved his mother. She would often read to he and Ben, as they sat at her feet, and oftentimes his head would rest on her knees, the cool silk of her gowns soothing under his cheek and she would stroke his hair. She had told her children stories of strong Persian heroes, English Knights, giants and dragons … but never monsters. Perhaps she had an intuition that such evil would come to her family soon enough … and all innocence would be lost forever. And it was. The nightmare was never ending. Only death would bring it to a satisfying conclusion. And, if God, or whoever was in ultimate control of mans destiny, was kind it would be quick and merciful - and come at the hands of someone who loved him. He was a monster. His father was a monster. Oh, Gwen … Her kiss. Her touch. Her kindness. Her love. \"I'm sorry.\" she whispered, holding him, tears running freely down her exquisite cheeks. They were near the falls. She was tenderly stroking his hair and face. And there was pain, life ebbing, but not as agonizing as one might think. There was silver in that bullet, he thought briefly. Perhaps that made the difference …. The last thing Lawrence remembered was confronting his father in the great-room. Sir John Talbot had killed Lawrence's Mother … no suicide … and poor Ben … and so many others. Father had confessed to it all. He was a werewolf. Like father, like son. Lycanthropy. Sir John was the demon that had made Lawrence the way he was. He ruined his childhood and adult life. He had taken everything from him. But, despite this, Lawrence hoped God was forgiving. His father had gone mad. It took twenty-five years to truly manifest itself but it was madness just the same. Lawrence could forgive him now … \"It had to be this way.\" Lawrence tried to reassure Gwen. The misery on her face was almost too much for him to bear. But even this was fading. Darkness was over-coming Lawrence. \"Thank you.\" he breathed out heavily. My darling …. Gwen. Yes, thank you for ending this. You are truly the one genuinely good thing that has happened to me. If only he had known her in another life … Gwen. If only. XXXXXXX (Go to Chapter 2)[Chapter 2] 2010 They sat together in a small café and coffee shop on Branson Street. It was an \"up and coming\" neighborhood, the British realtors would say, but others might call it run down and dingy, in bad need of a good street cleaning and out-door decorator. Still, this shop served the best hot drinks on the east side. \"You'll like him. He's an actor. Mostly theatre but he's done some American TV too.\" Gwen Townsend rolled her eyes. How often had she heard this from her friend. Another set-up. \"He's an American, you say?\" she asked, as if to clarify. Actually, Gwen had heard of Lawrence Sandoval, even seen him years ago when she had been in New York. He was doing Hamlet off Broadway at the time. And he was good. She was surprised by how much she enjoyed watching him perform on stage. She was never a true Shakespeare fan but the ticket was free, sent to her anomalously, and she had a couple hours to kill. But she had known a few actors in her lifetime and they always came across as arrogant. She found most of them distasteful. \"He's ruggedly handsome.\" Pearl spoke enthusiastically, her auburn ponytail bobbing, \"They say his Father was a famous bullfighter in Spain - and his Mother is an American politician of some kind. They divorced when he was a boy and she brought him up …\" Gwen nodded, only half interested as she sipped her latte. Her friend, Pearl, was dating the manager of the now ancient The Theatre Royale near Piccadilly, where Lawrence Sandoval and his theatre group were currently engaged. It was a world tour of some kind. His Richard the 3 rd was getting wonderful revues from the local critics. \"He could be the one, Gwen.\" \"The one, what?\" \"Mr. Right, of course.\" \"OR Mr. Right- now .\" she smiled blithely, amused by her joke. \"Gwen, you are such a cynic.\" Pearl giggled, \"He was very interested when Peter, through me, suggested you two meet. You should feel very flattered. He could see any woman he wants while here and he chose you.\" \"I'm just not ready for anything serious. And dating is such a waste of time.\" John had left her with a broken-heart. At least, she kept telling herself it was broken even thoguh she felt numbness more then pain. Pearl studied her friend sympathetically. \"It's been nearly a year.\" she said, \"That dolt leaving you for Emily was the best thing that could ever have happened. He didn't deserve you.\" Spoken like a true friend. Gwen nearly smiled. \"And it is only a date. You're in control. If you don't like him you don't need to see him again. Besides, he's probably going back to the States soon.\" \"Fine.\" Gwen gave in, \"When do we get together?\" \"Here.\" Pearl pulled a theatre ticket out of her blouse pocket and slid it over the small round table to Gwen, \"Tonight. You'll watch the performance then go see him after in his dressing room.\" \"How romantic.\" Gwen quipped. \"He's going to take you to dinner, silly.\" \"Well …\" The ticket was for 3rd row center. Not bad, really. \"I suppose. The tall, dark and ruggedly handsome type isn't really my style but I guess I can make an exception.\" Pearl laughed as Gwen slid the ticket into her own purse. XXXXXXXXX The performance was superb and Lawrence Sandoval made his curtain call to a standing ovation. Gwen was impressed although, anyone watching her might have thought she was merely satisfied. She stood and applauded with a little less enthusiasm then most, gauging how the actor bowed then clasped hands with the man and woman on his right and left and they all bowed together. He had a wonderfully powerful stage presence. His Richard was nearly beastly . The Bard would have been proud of him. Briefly, during his bows, he made eye contact with her, and Gwen wondered if he knew she was his date. Pearl said nothing of showing him a photograph of her so Gwen didn't think he knew. But certainly Peter had described her to the actor. Perhaps he had over-sold her. Was that why she saw a sudden pensive look in his eyes?. Gwen shivered a little. There was something vaguely familiar … but of course, she saw him in New York. Why was she over-analyzing his expression? She probably had nothing to do with it. Gwen wore a simple black dress, hem above the knee, as was the fashion, and she allowed her wavy almond colored hair to fall free, framing a face of minimal make-up. No smoky eyes for the evening. She wasn't in the mood. Some might call her attractive, others might even call her beautiful. Right now she just hoped she was presentable. And Gwen disliked that it mattered to her what the man thought of her looks. She didn't even like actors … As the curtain closed Gwen had a sudden urge to run out of the theatre and call for a Minicab. Why was she doing this? Why was she so afraid?. Right now she just wanted to go home to her cat, a pint of chocolate swirl ice cream, turn the TV on and watch an old Benny Hill rerun. Still, something pushed her forward. She wasn't quite sure what it was but a small voice in her head told her if she didn't move onward with this encounter she would regret it for the rest of her life. She winced. The voice in her head sounded desperate. That was a sad commentary on her love life right now. It's only a date. (to be continued ...)[Chapter 3] \"My name is Gwen Townsend.\" she said to the backstage doorman. \"Mr. Sandoval is expecting me.\" The man seemed to eye her with a suspicious expression, scratching the dark stubble of his chin, but nodded. He disappeared behind the door for a few moments, then returned, opening the door wide for her to enter. \"Third door on the right.\" he said, with a slight cockney edge to his tone. \"Knock.\" he added gruffly, as if he didn't think she would have the good sense to do otherwise. Gwen found the door imprinted with a yellow star, painted to make one all aware that he was, indeed, the main attraction of the production. She hesitated and listened for a moment. It was curiously quiet. Gwen expected throngs of actors and fans making there way in and out of the room. Taking a quick gulp of breath, Gwen lifted a hand and knocked. \"Come in.\" she heard him call. It was a good, strong voice. The dressing room was nice. It was not overly big but it could hold a group of six or seven comfortably. There were various theatrical necessities present, a mirrored table and a few props in the corner. There was also a cream colored sofa which was a bit too close to the door. She nearly walked into it. Across the room the star's wardrobe was closed but the costume he wore on stage, including a foam-fake back hump, was on a hook. It was hung on a hanger, ready to be cleaned. Lawrence Sandoval was nowhere to be seen and she might have thought it a practical joke had she not seen the movement of a shadow behind a curtained screen near the lavatory. \"Excuse me. I'm taking off my stage makeup. Having trouble with the eyeliner. 'fraid the makeup man got a little carried away. Might make for a bad first impression.\" Gwen chuckled. At least he had a sense of humor. \"I'm surprised there are not more people back here.\" \"The cast and crew are in the local pub. Doesn't take long when the producer tells everyone the drinks are on him.\" Gwen laughed, gently. \"Did you like the play?\" the voice asked. \"Very much.\" Gwen replied, 'The production values are amazing.\" \"I wanted to take Othello overseas but I was voted down by the rest of the company. I guess Richard has its moments.\" \"Well , I was impressed if that means anything.\" she tried to keep her voice light. \"So, Mr. Sandoval, where are we going?\" \"Call me Lawrence or Larry. Hope you like Italian,\" he called, \"There is this great restaurant on Proctor Court. I went there a couple days ago.\" \" Rizzoli' s. I know it. A good choice.\" He came around the screen, wearing blue jeans, a clean white shirt and pulling on a black jacket, sans make-up. He smiled at her, small and gentle, his eyes approving and somewhat downcast, unpredictably bashful. Yet, Gwen sensed something more then shyness. There seemed almost a familiarity about him, but she put the thought aside. \"Nice to meet you.\" she said. With a small clear of her throat Gwen lifted a hand and tried to not look too nervous or overly appreciative. He was even better looking then she remembered him from New York. He hesitated before lifting his own hand for the gentle handshake. \"I saw you in the audience and could not believe my good fortune ….\" Contact. Soft and warm - and ghastly. Suddenly, she felt the breath knocked out of her. Gwen's legs gave away and she felt strong yet tender arms holding her, lifting her, and she was laying on softness ... Image upon terrifying images assailed her. A monster slashed its way through the countryside, killing men, women and children. Blood. So much blood but there was also a drama of another kind. The betrayal by a father, sympathy from a near stranger, and she was falling in love. Dear God, she was in love with his brother! How could this have happened? His touch was soothing but the look in his eyes - tortured, in need of sympathy, someone to care and hold him. She loved him. Oh, yes she did - and she needed to save him. But to do that she had to be the one to end his life. The gypsy told her but … But no, he was there in her arms . And she did save him … and he was dying and grateful ….NO! \"Gwen … Gwen …\" Her eyes flickered open and she was looking up at a handsome, concerned face. She found herself laying on the sofa she nearly walked into when entering the dressing room. \"Are you all right?\" he asked. He gently stroked her cheek and hair. \"Something happened. I saw …\" she allowed the sentance hang for a moment. \"Wh … what did you see?\" he suddenly seemed afraid. It was coming back to her. She looked up and met his eyes, \" Lawrence ?\" \"You're remembering.\" he said in a low voice, both amazed and understanding. \"I thought it might happen but not so soon. Not like this.\" Gwen sat up and stared at him. \"I killed you …\" Her words were barely heard. She lifted a finger to touch his cheek and lips. \"But no,\" She turned away and dropped her hand, \"It's not possible.\" \"Just like turning into a werewolf is impossible.\" Their eyes met again. \"I've lived every life fallowing my death in1892 looking for you. Three lifetimes. I was a painter, a soldier and now, once again, an actor. My curse is remembering but it's also a blessing because I am allowed to remember you - and to search for you. And now I've finally found you, Gwen.\" \"You've been following me?\" she asked, not truly afraid but curious. \"I had to wait for the right moment. I sent you a ticket a couple years ago in New York for my play …\" \"I always wondered where it came from.\" she nearly gasped. \"But the timing was all wrong. You left the theatre and I had no idea where to find you. Then I knew. I needed to come back to England. I needed to go back to Talbot Hall, back to the scene of my crimes.\" Her tone grew protective, \"But Lawrence, you could not help it …\" \"I know. But fate is a fickle bastard. I had to come back - to find myself, you, and reclaim my life.\" She knew what he said was true. It might not make sense in this incredulous, conventional world but it was true. Just as werewolves are real. Perhaps not today but at the turn of the twentieth century they lived as they had centuries before. Still, she was puzzled, \"Why couldn't I remember until …\" \"… you touched me?\" He smiled and shook his head, saddened. It was a gesture she remembered from a lifetime or two ago and it went to her heart, \"Maybe that is the way it was to be as well?\" He smiled and took her hand, \"Why should you suffer when you've never been anything more than kind and good?\" \"Not always so kind.\" she smiled at him, a bit awkward, and was pleased when he did the same. \"But you were a good man too … but cursed.\" \"I could never forget you, not after all these years, and one day I wanted to be able to tell you how much I loved you.\" \"Oh, Lawrence.\" she said quickly, and raised her hands to his shoulders, \"I'm not certain about my past lives but I know in this one I've not been able to find one single man I could see myself spending the rest of my life with. But when we were together, in such a brief time, I knew - knew it was you. Even while poor Ben lay in his grave …\" She gulped. \"I know.\" Lawrence looked into her eyes. Such lovely eyes. \"I felt the same way. Always guilt - but I did not lie when I told you I would give all I owned to know you in another life.\" \"And here we are.\" she whispered, her lips drawing close to his. \"I can't believe this is happening.\" he whispered, almost afraid now that everything he ever wanted was in his grasp. \"Believe it.\" she said, quickly. \"I may not remember my past lives like you but my spirit is at least as old as yours. And I want you back.\" He turned away ever so slightly, still afraid. He remembered a saying: He who tries to grasps too much may end by holding nothing. \"Lawrence, look at me.\" she said. He did. \"I love you. I always have.\" She drew him to her. \"Kiss me.\" He needed no further persuasion. Lawrence's arms slid gently around her and their lips met in a sweetly passionate contact. Her hands caressed his neck and hair and when it was time to part for air, they held one another, savoring the moment. \"I love you too.\" he whispered in her ear wwwww (continue to conclusion)[Chapter 4] He stayed in London long after the play closed and his theatre company left for the United States. Weeks later he and Gwen were engaged, their wedding planned for early Summer. Her friend, Pearl, was giddy with happiness. \"I knew it! I just knew it!\" she gushed, pleased that she not only pulled Gwen from her funk but successfully proved herself a great matchmaker. One evening while they lay in bed together, her head resting comfortably on his shoulder, Lawrence told Gwen it was important they return. She understood the need for closure. Not just for him but herself. He and Gwen traveled to Blackmoor together. They took a bus part of the way, then travelled by train, then they rented a car that took them as far as the forest and standing stones. Lawrence eyed them with distain. His nightmare started with those stones, when the creature launched itself at him, nearly killing him. At the time Lawrence wished it had. Especially later when he learned it was his own father who attacked him. \"Lawrence!\" He turned to look at Gwen who had climbed the hill and was looking out at the horizon. Lawrence followed her and when standing side by side he placed his arm around her shoulders. It was a chilly day that threatened rain and both had worn only light jackets. They looked out at the ruins of Talbot Hall. Nearly nothing was left but charred brick and a few slabs of wood. \"I'm surprised no one ever bought the land and built on it.\" Gwen said. \"They will. One day.\" he replied. \"It's been over a hundred years.\" \"A hundred years of peace. How the villagers must have danced when the last of the Talbot's died.\" \"No, not really.\" Gwen recalled, \"The Inspector was bitten and there was a fresh terror that he had been cursed as well.\" \"I bit the Aberline?\" Lawrence suddenly appeared ashen. \"What happened?\" \"I don't know if he ever changed. He returned to London and at the first full moon of the following month I waited for word but nothing ever came. I can only assumed he found a cure, he locked himself up for the rest of his life, or he never changed at all.\" Neither spoke for a moment, thinking their own thoughts. \"I learned later that Inspector Aberline had a wife and children but nothing more.\" Gwen sighed, \"Perhaps I didn't want to know.\" She leaned into Lawrence. Gwen Conliffe had died an old maid back then. She had been emotionally damaged by the wretched deaths of the two men she had loved. She was never able to open her heart again and when her father died she took over the antique store and ran the business quite successfully until her dying day. She left the shop and any other wealth she had accumulated to her sister and her children. Lawrence kissed Gwen's forehead. This wasn't easy for either of them. \"Let's go to the village, order a warm supper, and eat it with gusto. Then we'll go to an Inn, close ourselves away in a nice cozy room together and ….\" \"… sleep in a nice comfy bed together?\" She smiled gently and looked up at him. \"Yes.\" As they moved away Lawrence paused, turning to look into the dark woods to their right. He could have sworn he saw movement. Then he heard the howl of a beast. A wolf. Gwen did not seem to notice. Quickly, he followed her to the car. wwww THE END. www ( Please review this, my first THE WOLFMAN fiction. Appreciate it!:) ) ","Summary":" Another Life (Lawrence fell in love with Gwen, as she did him, but tragically it was not to be. If "},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Fire v Ice","Author":"GallifreyenCultOfSkaro","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7675198","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Fire v Ice Author: FanFiction: GallifreyenCultOfSkaro. LiveJournal: whoniverse_geek Rating: Not sure...will probably vary a bit... Characters/Pairings: I'm not that good at writing Jimmy/Chazz, so I won't try and do it (yet). However, you want to see what I write as –mild- slash, you do that. Summary: Jimmy and Chazz get the chance of a lifetime; to compete in the Olympic Games. However, there's just one catch. They'll be competing against each other. Dedication: To tripperfunster, for being the first person to reply to me on LJ, giving me hope that this forum still lives! Additional Notes: This would probably never happen in real life. Call it artistic licence. And I'm sorry it's so short; later chapters should be longer. And also please excuse the title. I'm not too pleased with it. The loud, sharp ringing noise cut through the still, silent air. It ripped and tore at sleep until the cabin's two occupants had no choice but to acknowledge it. Chazz Michael Michaels stuck his head out from under the covers, his hair messed up from sleep, and threw a pillow at the man lying on the bunk below him. \"Hey, MacElroy!\" A fluffy blonde head belonging to a certain Jimmy MacElroy appeared, peering up at him blearily. \"What was that for?\" \"Phone's ringing.\" Chazz told him. Jimmy looked confused. \"So?\" \"So, answer it.\" Sighing, Jimmy climbed out of bed, absent-mindedly running his fingers through his hair as he did so. Chazz saw him exit into the kitchen, and lay back down to go to sleep. After two minutes, however, he was re-awoken by Jimmy's shout of \"Oh my Gosh!\" Deciding he now had no choice but to also get up, Chazz got out of his bed and walked into the kitchen. \"What's going on?\" he asked. \"And who's on the phone? 'Cause whoever it is, should be waiting for a decent time to call. Like noon, maybe.\" Into the phone, Jimmy said \"We'll call you back.\" And then he hung up. \"So, who was it?\" Chazz demanded impatiently, taking a gulp of strong black coffee. Jimmy took a seat opposite him. \"It was a guy from...well, he's on the Planning Council for the Olympics. They want us to compete.\" Even though he was trying to smile and sound upbeat, he wasn't fooling his friend. \"And...? C'mon, why do you look so depressed? We're going to the Olympics !\" Jimmy shook his head. \"No, we're not. Well, I mean, we are going to the Olympics, but we aren't...\" He trailed off, suddenly finding the floor extremely interesting. This time, it was Chazz's turn to be confused. \"Huh?\" \"I mean, I'll be going, and you'll be going, but not... together .\" Jimmy sighed, and looked up from examining the floor. \"They want us to compete separately.\" \"But we're-\" \"Banned, I know. We'd still be skating together, but getting individual scores. At the end of the day, we'd be against each other. I- I'm not sure if I...I mean, we've been skating together so long...it just feels...I don't know...wrong.\" he finished lamely, lowering his eyes to stare at the floor again. \"That sounded really stupid, didn't it?\" Chazz thought. \"Yeah, kinda. But if you don't wanna enter separately, we'll just phone them up and say we'll enter as a team, or not at all.\" Jimmy was not convinced. \"What if they say 'Not at all'?\" \"Relax.\" Chazz told him. \"They'll say yes.\" \"Absolutely not.\" In the end, Jimmy, Chazz, and Coach had arranged a meeting with the man who'd phoned them, a Mr James. Mr James was currently sat opposite them, in a very posh restaurant that the man had insisted on paying for. Jimmy couldn't help wondering if he was trying to bribe them into competing separately. Well, if he was, then it wasn't working. \"There is absolutely no way on Earth I am letting you two enter as a team.\" Mr James repeated, as if for clarification. \"Why not?\" Coach demanded, giving him a don't-mess-around-with-me look. Mr James sat back, stretching, obviously at total ease. \"Because, for a start, we already have a maximum amount of pairs teams signed up. And I know you guys want to compete in the Olympics, yeah? And believe you me, I had to fight long and hard for you guys to be allowed to do this. I argued that you'd still be skating in the pairs division, just getting different scores. I had to collect endless evidence to answer all these stupid 'But are they good enough?' questions, and I was almost ready to say 'What the hell' and quit. But I didn't, and I kept on fighting, and you know how hard it is to get into the Olympics. Turn me down now, boys, and you may never have this chance again. Ever.\" A silence descended over the table. Coach looked like he had a lot of things to say, but had thought the better of saying them, at least in public. Jimmy looked anxious, and Chazz just looked like he usually did, cool and at ease. Finally, Mr James broke the silence. \"Look, if you guys would rather stay a team, that's fine. I'm not forcing you into anything. But seriously, you really won't get a much better offer than this. Just...think about it. Okay?\" With that, he got up and left, handing a cheque to a waiter as he went. Coach glared at him until he was out of sight, then turned his attention to Chazz and Jimmy. \"So...the Olympics, huh? You know, this could be a really good opportunity for you guys.\" Jimmy looked shocked. \"But we're a team !\" he insisted. \"We skate together .\" He looked to his skating partner for support, but to his amazement, Chazz looked like he was actually considering the offer. \" Chazz !\" \"What?\" \"You're not seriously considering this, are you?\" Chazz shrugged. \"Why not? I mean, c'mon, we're practically being handed gold medals on a plate.\" \"But we'd be against each other.\" Jimmy pointed out. \"We couldn't both win gold.\" \"Unless we tied.\" \"Because we all know how that turned out last time.\" Before it could escalate into a full-blown argument, Coach slammed his fist down on the table, causing both men to jump and look up. \"I'm only giving my opinion,\" he said, \"but I think, if you guys were to take this opportunity, it would be a really good thing for you.\" \"Chazz is my partner!\" Jimmy told him stubbornly. \"We've been skating together for a year. You can't just split us up and say 'Off you go, win a gold medal, act like it's all totally normal'. I don't think I want to skate on my own again. I kinda like being a team.\" All of a sudden, Chazz realised exactly what Jimmy was saying and what his problem was. \"Hey, we're still a team!\" he said. \"Michaels and MacElroy. Okay, not for this one competition, but we'll still be a team afterwards. And if one of us wins, that's still a win for Team Michaels and MacElroy, even if only one of us takes home a gold medal. It's just like when one of us messes up and the other –usually me, by the way- has to save the performance. Obviously that would mean I did better than you, but either way, if we win, we win.\" Jimmy and Coach stared at him. \"I think,\" Coach said slowly, \"Chazz may actually have said something that makes sense.\" He turned to Jimmy. \"What do you think?\" Jimmy nodded. \"Okay, I'll do it.\" Coach sat back in his chair, looking as though he'd just won a million dollars. \"Well boys, we'd better start training. Chazz Michael Michaels and Jimmy MacElroy are going to the Onympics!\"[Chapter 2] Author's Note: I am so sorry for not updating sooner. Please do not kill me. Or you won't know what happens next... Fire v Ice: Part II As it turned out, Jimmy and Chazz had been given very little notice about their sudden enrolment in the Games; the first round was in 2 months. They started training, at Coach's insistence, as soon as they left the restaurant, stopping off at the cabin only to change into training gear and grab their skates. Upon arrival at the rink, Coach demanded all the other skaters exit the rink so Jimmy and Chazz could practice. Neither of them had ever seen him like that before, a sign that he was taking it all very, very seriously. \"If either of you want to win gold this year, you need a routine that will out-shine anything you've ever done.\" \"What if we did something with the Iron Lotus?\" Jimmy suggested. Coach shook his head. \"It has to be better than the Lotus.\" \"Whoa, whoa, wait a minute.\" Chazz said, stepping forward. \"We learn a move that can end with one of us headless, then pull it off flawlessly after being kidnapped by the psycho-twins, me breaking my ankle, and having to switch places, not to mention, we still win the gold. And you want us to outshine that?\" \"Look, I know it sounds really bad, but the Olympics is a serious event, only very talented people will ever compete there. The sort of things they need to pull off...\" \"Coach, who has ever pulled off an Iron Lotus before?\" Jimmy asked, then amended his sentence, \"Apart from us, I mean.\" \"No one. But once you pull off one trick like that, people start expecting another. And another. And another. You are the guys who brought the Lotus to life; that's a serious kind of reputation.\" \"The Iron Lotus is our best move, we're the only pair in the world that can do it!\" Jimmy exclaimed, at the same time Chazz said, \"If the Lotus made our reputation, won't fans be expecting to see it? Hell, they'll buy tickets just to see it!\" Robert sighed and took a seat. \"We'll see, okay? Right now, waltz position. We're going to put together a completely gold medal-worthy routine, and you'll do it until you can't possibly do it any better, and then some!\" The first time Coach said that, they thought he was kidding. However, after the first couple of hours, it became clear that he was very serious. From 7 in the morning to 5 in the afternoon, they practiced, only stopping to take a drink or grab a bite to eat. Food. That was another thing. Coach had always been strict about what food they ate -they couldn't skate if they weren't in good shape- but he'd never been this strict before. He locked away anything and everything alcoholic, and carried the key around with him just to make sure Chazz didn't get hold of it. Skittles, too, were another thing he took away, despite all Jimmy's protests, which, in turn, were followed by Chazz's protests that he couldn't get any peace because Jimmy was complaining all the time. In short, by the end of the first week, if the three of them were in the same room for more than 10 minutes, it would be wise to have a psychiatrist on standby. And an ambulance. They thought, when Saturday finally rolled around, they would be able to rest. Saturday was their day off. Coach never let them take Sunday off. Mondays, for some reason, always seemed full of long press conferences, and even longer training sessions. Lots of things seemed to happen on Mondays, and Coach said if they trained on Sundays, they'd be more prepared for the coming Mondays. It didn't make any sort of sense to either Jimmy or Chazz, but they found that if they simply went along with it and didn't argue, they didn't need to understand it. And, either way, they still got a day off. Or so they thought. Much like the phone had the previous week, the alarm clock started screaming at 6 am until Jimmy was forced to get up and turn it off. He was about to decide they'd simply set it by habit the previous night and go back to sleep, but that beautiful thought was shattered by Coach opening the door and saying, \"Michaels, get that fat ass of yours out of bed. Jimmy, what are you standing there for? We need to be at the rink for 7.30!\" Jimmy just stared at him. \"It's Saturday.\" he said stupidly, thinking Coach must simply have gotten confused. \"You're training today.\" Robert told him. \"It's the Olympics in 2 months; you wanna win gold, you are going to train like you mean it. By the end of today, I want that Throw Triple Axel perfect , you hear me? And then we'll see about the Lotus.\" With that, he turned and walked out. \"That's not fair.\" Jimmy called after him, to little avail. Protesting was useless, anyway. They were at the rink an hour later. They started off with a few simple jumps and spins to warm up, but quickly progressed on to more advanced stuff. They practiced their Throw Triple Axel for most of the morning, stopping to take a break at 11. \"How was that, Coach?\" Jimmy asked, popping a few stolen Skittles into his mouth. Coach gave him an encouraging smile. They'd done so well that morning that he decided to ignore the Skittles. \"Not bad. Tell ya what, why don't we take a break from the Axel this afternoon and see what we can do with the Iron Lotus?\" His suggestion was met with much enthusiasm from the two skaters, who had had enough Throw-Triple-Axel-ing to last them a lifetime. The three of them sat by the side of the ice-rink for a while, sipping coffee, or, in Chazz's case, a bottle of ice-cold beer, and discussing new techniques for the routine, when Jimmy's phone started ringing. Coach frowned at him. \"Jimmy, you know damn well that cell phone should be switched off.\" Jimmy didn't answer it. He'd removed that particular number from his phone a good four and a half years ago, but he'd recognise the number anywhere. He wanted to deny the call, block the number, then smash his phone into a million little pieces with his skate, but found himself unable to do anything more than stare at it. Irritated by Jimmy's lack of response, Coach reached past Chazz and grabbed the phone out of his hand, all set to turn it off and hide it for the remainder of the session, when he too recognised the number. He pressed the 'Answer' button. At once, a voice buzzed up the line. It was hard to tell what it was saying, but Jimmy could recognise the voice. The voice that he still head in his head, in his dreams...in his nightmares. Darren MacElroy. The man he had once called 'Dad'. He heard Coach speaking into the phone...\"Darren, what the hell are you playing at? No, I'm not letting you speak to him! Well, if you could see him now, Darren, you'd understand why!\" Before Darren could make reply, Coach pressed 'End Call' and shoved the phone angrily into his jacket pocket. \"Damn that man.\" he muttered, or words to that effect. \"You okay, Jimmy?\" Jimmy looked up at him, the first sign of life he'd shown since the phone rang. \"What did he want?\" he asked quietly. \"To speak to you.\" Coach told him. \"Of course I told him no and hung up.\" Jimmy nodded. \"Good. Thanks. Uh...I'm gonna get some fresh air. I'll be back in a few minutes.\" He stood and walked away, not even bothering to take off his skates. Once outside, the cold air bit at his face and arms, making him wish he'd brought a jacket with him. Not many people were out, so at least he had a bit of space to think. Why had his dad called? After all this time? Was it because he'd made it to the Olympics? And as grateful as he was to Coach for taking control of the situation, he sort of wished he had spoken to his dad...even though the thought terrified him. He knew he ought to get back inside. He knew Chazz and Coach would be waiting for him, waiting to practice. He didn't want to keep them waiting, but if he went back inside, there would be questions. Questions he didn't feel ready to answer. Eventually, however, the cold forced him back inside. He couldn't skate with frostbite, after all. When he got back to the rink, Chazz was already on the ice, waiting for him. \"You okay, brotherman?\" he asked as Jimmy skated over to him. \"What? Yeah, I'm fine...are we doing the Lotus?\" Jimmy turned to Coach, eager to forget all about the past half-hour. Coach shrugged then nodded. \"I guess, if you feel ready for it. I mean, you haven't done this in a while, so take it easy, okay?\" \" 'Kay.\" Jimmy replied, already skating into position. They had already agreed that they would keep doing it the way they had in the World Winter Sports Games, with Chazz doing the flip instead of Jimmy. Not that it really mattered, anyway; they both knew the Iron Lotus inside out, no matter who was doing what. Jimmy had never really messed up in a routine before. Sure, there was that time at Nationals where he fell coming out of that Throw Triple Axel, but even Chazz had later admitted he hadn't thrown him quite right. He'd swapped places with Chazz for the Iron Lotus during the competition and still pulled it off, without killing his partner. Of course they could do it again. Easy. No problem. It would go fine. And it did. Until the jump. Normally, Jimmy's mind would be focused on the right angle, the right timing, on not cutting Chazz's head off. But today, his mind just wasn't focused enough. The last thing he was aware of before hitting the ice was Chazz yelling in pain and Coach rushing out onto the ice. Ignoring the pain in his side, Jimmy pushed himself up and took a look at what was happening around him. Coach was helping Chazz off of the ice rink, and Chazz was holding a cloth to the side of his face. He felt terror flood through him; what if Chazz was seriously hurt? None the less, he forced himself to stand and skate to the edge of the rink. Immediately, Coach turned away from Chazz and started on Jimmy. \"Jimmy, what the hell do you think you're doing? You could have gotten Chazz killed!\" Chazz, thankfully, had not been killed, or even severely injured. His left cheek had been cut by the blade of Jimmy's skate, but it wasn't very deep. Jimmy, however, couldn't see how deep the cut was, only that he'd cut him, and he was suddenly overcome with fear and remorse. The Iron Lotus was dangerous; fatal, even, to anyone who got it wrong. Jimmy had nearly killed Chazz. Chazz, not only his partner, but his friend . \"I'm sorry,\" he whispered, blinking back tears that had suddenly threatened to take over. \"I guess I just lost focus for a minute.\" \"Well, you shouldn't!\" Coach told him sharply, then noticed the look in Jimmy's face. \"Hey, I didn't mean to snap at you. It's not your fault, I know today hasn't exactly been easy on you. It's like you said, you just lost concentration. We've probably had enough for today, anyway. Go and get changed and I'll get the two of you a Chinese on the way back.\" In another city, in a lavishly decorated room in a large mansion, Darren MacElroy tossed his phone from hand to hand. A red-haired girl in skating clothes stood at the door. \"Well? Father, what did he say?\" The girl sounded German. \"Sorry, Al, it looks like you're going solo for the Games. Not that it'll matter much. All you gotta do is make sure it's you against Jimmy in the finals, and win. After all, if he won't be the MacElroy winner, someone has to...\" ","Summary":" Title: Fire v Ice Author: FanFiction: GallifreyenCultOfSkaro. LiveJournal: whoniverse_geek Rating: "},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Addicted","Author":"youcantseeus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3836950","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Addicted \"Hello, Chazz,\" hisnsex addicts counselor, Taylor sighed as Chazz entered his office. nChazz, being a hopeless sex addict and a man whose work required himnto travel a lot, knew most of the sex addicts counselors in everynmajor city throughout the northern United States and Canada, butnTaylor was one of his favorites. He seemed to take the jobnseriously, at least. \"Hey,\" Chazz said,nflicking his hand in Taylor's general direction in what couldnpossibly be construed as a wave. He slouched down in the chair innfront of Taylor's desk without being asked. \"So, what have younbeen up to lately?\" Taylor asked. Chazz grinned. n\"Winning. Skating competitions. Enjoying the sweet taste ofnvictory.\" Taylor put awaynwhatever he had been writing and gave Chazz his full attention. n\"Right. I … um … heard. And how have you been handling yournaddiction, what with this new fame?\" \"Hey. I have beennfamous for years,\" Chazz saw fit to remind him. \"Everyone knowsnChazz Michael Michaels.\" Taylor rolled his eyes, but motioned fornChazz to continue. \"I haven't been handling the addiction partnso well lately,\" he admitted, becoming more serious and looking atnTaylor, desperately, as though pleading for help. \"I just can'tnseem to tame the beast. And by the beast, I mean my --\" \"I get it, Chazz,\"nTaylor cut in, wincing. Chazz shrugged. You'd think, being a sexnaddicts counselor, that he would be used to this sort of talk. \"Inhave to say that I'm a bit surprised you requested an individualnsession. Usually, you have no problem saying what you need tonsay in group.\" \"Yeah,\" Chazz said.n In reality, he didn't want to say anything that he was about tontell Taylor in group. \"Even the Chazz, gets a little shy from timento time.\" He belched loudly. \"Tacos for breakfast,\" henexplained. \"Right. Now, whyndon't you tell me what sorts of problems you've been having withnyour sex addiction.\" Chazz thought thatnshould be obvious. \"I've been having sex. Lots and lots of sex.n I haven't been practicing … restraint.\" Taylor nodded andnwaited for Chazz to continue. \"See, Coach decidednthat Jimmy and I needed a few weeks in seclusion to really focus onnour skating for the next round of competitions. I thought that wasnlame, but MacElroy was all for it, so what could I do? Anyways, thisnplace was so far away from the real world that we hardly saw anyone –nespecially not any women. Do you have any idea how hard that was forna sex addict? Plus, Coach found out about all those times I used hisnphone for phone sex and he cut me off.\" \"I see. That mustnhave been … difficult for you.\" \"You have no idea,\"nChazz sighed. \"So I just had sex with my partner instead,\" hensaid it quickly. \"Your part-- you meannJimmy MacElroy?\" Taylor burst out and then clasped his hand overnhis mouth. \"Never mind. I shouldn't have asked you the name.\" Chazz ignored hisndismay. \"That's right, Jimmy MacElroy\" he said, leaning backnand putting his hands behind his head. \"Did I just blow your mind?n Chazz Michael Michaels, the ultimate lady's man, every woman'snfantasy, did it with a dude.\" He waited for Taylor's shockednreaction, but the other man merely raised an eyebrow at him. \"Younaren't surprised?\" Chazz asked, sitting up, a little. \"Well, it's not thenfirst time, is it?\" Taylor asked. \"Yes! Well, thenfirst time when I was sober. I'll do anything drunk, anything . Remember that.\" \"So you weren'tndrunk this time?\" Taylor asked. \"No,\" Chazznadmitted, a bit reluctantly. \"It was right after one of ournworkouts. I was all sweaty and MacElroy couldn't take his eyes offnmy body,\" Chazz began to warm up to the subject. Might as wellnmake the story sound hot, even if it was incredibly gay. \"I toldnhim that if he didn't stop staring at me, then I might just thinknhe was hungry for some Chazz meat. He said that maybe he was, but Indon't think he realized what that meant at first because the nextnsecond he blushed as bright as a school girl. An innocent, virginnlittle Catholic school girl tempting me with her cute little ass andnher big, blue eyes…\" \"Chazz!\" Taylornsaid, drawing Chazz out of his fantasy. \"Sorry, what? Oh,nyeah, MacElroy. I told him that if he was going to look at me likenthat, then he had to return the favor and take his shirt off so thatnI could ogle him too. He's a big girl, so he whined and blushednand called me a pervert, but I gave him my patented \"take off yournclothes\" look and of course he couldn't resist.\" \"You know, you reallyndon't have to go into this much detail if you're notncomfortable.\" \"He was giving menthat look that just says, 'Touch me, Chazz. Kiss me, Chazz. Fucknme, Chazz.' I kissed him. Hard. With tongue. Then I licked mynhands and touched his nipples.\" \"Chazz, I really don't need this level of detail. Just the end result.\" Chazz smirked. \"Thenend result is that I rocked MacElroy's world. With my wiener,\"nhe added, in case there was any confusion on that point. He didn'tntell Taylor that at first it had been a struggle for power betweennthem or that Jimmy had become scared halfway through and Chazz hadnwent really slow to make sure he was comfortable. He didn't tellnhow tender Jimmy's kisses had been afterwards or how he had heldnJimmy close for far too long. Those didn't seem to be verynChazz-like details. \"And this was yournfirst sexual encounter with Mr. MacElroy?\" \"Yeah. Well, I hadnalready given him some kissing lessons. It was to help him get it onnwith his lady!\" he said when Taylor gave him a look. \"ButnMacElroy broke it off with her ages ago.\" \"Do you always callnhim by his last name?\" Chazz smilednarrogantly. \"Sometimes I call him MacElroy. Sometimes I call himnJimmy. Sometimes I call him \"princess\". Sometimes I just callnhim my bitch.\" Okay, so those last twonweren't strictly all that true. At least, when he tried them,nJimmy tended to get angry which could lead to Jimmy cutting off thensex. Chazz didn't like having the sex cut off, so he kept some ofnhis more colorful names for Jimmy to himself. There was no need fornTaylor to know that, though. \"So you've had sexnwith him since then?\" \"Oh, yeah. nConstantly. Everyday.\" \"I see. And how manynother partners have you had since then?\" \"Well … none,\"nChazz said, realizing for the first time that it had been months since he had slept with a woman. What was wrong with him? Taylor blinked. n\" None ?\" he asked, amazed. \"Well, that shows unusualnrestraint, Chazz. You seem to actually be making progress.\" \"No, you don'tnunderstand, Taylor. This is not progress. I can't controlnmyself when I'm around MacElroy. I try to recite the SerenitynPrayer, to tell myself that having sex with my partner and friendnwould be a big mistake, but it never works. I've never had so muchntrouble resisting anyone.\" Taylor cocked anneyebrow. \"I mean I was actually trying this time,\" Chazznclarified. \"Trying really hard. I don't want to keep having sexnwith a dude. But I can't control my lumbago.\" \"Libido,\" Taylorncorrected. \"I think we've donenit in every possible corner of the apartment,\" Chazz went on. \"Hisnbed, my bed, the nightstand, the shower, the bathroom floor, thenliving room floor, the couch, the recliner, the kitchen table … ofncourse now Jimmy refuses to eat off the table. Or the counter. Ornthe coffee table in the living room. In fact, we just eat out mostnnights. Only not at the second booth from the back at the Mushu PorknPalace.\" \"Wait a minute, backnup,\" Taylor said. \"You're living together?\" \"Well, yeah. We'rensharing an apartment, anyway. Jimmy thought that it would helpnmaking rent easier on the both of us.\" \"I see. How longnhave you been sharing an apartment?\" \"Almost six months, Inguess,\" Chazz said, after thinking for a second. \"And have you had thenopportunity to have sex with other partners in that time?\" \"Are you kidding? nThe ladies can't keep their hands off Chazz and I've never beennmore famous.\" \"So why didn'tnyou?\" Taylor leaned forward as if truly interested. \"Hey,\" Chazznobjected. \"I thought the goal of sex addicts meetings was to have less sex.\" \"I wasn'tnobjecting. I was merely wondering. I know how hard it is for a sexnaddict like you to resist the advances of beautiful women. Why didnyou do it?\" Chazz gave a long,nsomewhat annoyed sigh. \"I don't know. I knew that MacElroynwould probably get mad if I started having sex with a bunch of women.n He's such a girl. Besides,\" here he grinned, \"I always knewnthat that MacElroy would be waiting back at the apartment, willing tonhave all the hot, crazy sex that I wanted.\" \"So you don't wantnto risk your current relationship? You are satisfied withnyour current relationship?\" \"No!\" Chazznobjected loudly. \"I am never satisfied.\" \"I don't believenthis,\" Taylor exclaimed, ignoring him. \"Chazz! You are in whatnappears to be a healthy monogamous relationship. I have to admitnthat I sometimes wondered if it would ever happen. Yours is one ofnthe worst cases of sex addiction that I have ever seen.\" \"Hey, there isnnothing healthy about my relationship with MacElroy. It's hot andnwild and uncontrollable.\" \"A relationship cannbe passionate and still be healthy,\" Taylor sounded happy, as if henhad somehow cured Chazz. \"What is important is that you arenshowing commitment. You know, I've heard of sex addicts who hadnsex with lots of people always looking for something – then one daynthey realized that the something was a partner of the same gender.\" Chazz didn't likenwhere this was going. \"The Chazz is not a homosexicle,\" he said.n He knew that the word was \"homosexual\", of course. Chazz knewnevery word with \"sex\" in it, including sexagon, which was a shapenwith six sides. But \"homosexicle\" sounded so much morenprovocative. Like a popsicle, only with sex. He would have to tellnJimmy that – Jimmy liked popsicles. \"The Chazz is all man,\" henwent on. \"I've been with hundreds of women. Besides,nhave you ever met MacElroy? He practically is a woman. Sleepingnwith him does not make me gay.\" \"Okay, so you aren'tngay. But you obviously care enough about your relationship to notnlet your sex addiction destroy it,\" Taylor said. \"You don'tnunderstand! I may not be having sex with a ton of women, but I'mnstill addicted. Addicted to MacElroy.\" Chazz paused after sayingnthis. Was he really addicted to Jimmy MacElroy? \"Have you evernconsidered that you might be in love,\" Taylor said, quietly. \"In – in love?\"nChazz asked. He honestly hadn't considered it. Love was a wordnthat women sometimes wanted to hear from him, but Jimmy had neverngiven any indication that he did. Chazz had always said it to womennin the past reluctantly, grudgingly because he had never felt lovednin return. \"Chazz?\" Taylornasked, when he was quiet for a long while. \"Oh. Sorry,\" Chazznsaid, realizing that he had been thinking for quite some time. \"Mynmind is just bottled. If I were in love – and I'm probably not. nIn fact, I almost definitely am not. But if I were, would that meannthat I was cured of my sex addiction?\" Taylor gave him a look.n \"Chazz, you know as well as I do that sex addicts can be in love. nAnd you will probably never totally stop being a sex addict. Butnthis relationship … it seems to be a step in the right direction.\" \"Oh. I've, um, gotnto go now. I need to think about all of this, I guess,\" Chazz wasnnot used to doing a lot of thinking. \"I'm almost out ofntime, anyway,\" Taylor said. \"You should talk to Jimmy. Figurenout where both of you stand.\" \"I'll talk to him …nwith my penis,\" Chazz said. All this talk about Jimmy had made himna little bit horny. Okay, really horny. \"Chazz,\" Taylornsaid in warning. \"I'll talk to himnfor real,\" Chazz said before Taylor could go all angry on him. nSuddenly, he was less eager to get home to Jimmy than he had been anmoment before. \"I'm proud of you,nChazz,\" Taylor said. \"This is a good thing, it really is.\" \"Yeah,\" Chazz said,nhalf believing him.[Chapter 2] AN: Okay, so I wrote a second part to this story. I thought about posting it as a seperate story, but thought that it would work well as a second chapter as well. Hope it is enjoyed. Addicted Too \"… and I just told him 'Hey, I don't give a damn if you've finished your mushu pork or not. I want some lovin and I want it now.' And that's when I climbed on top of him.\" Taylor, Chazz's sex addiction counselor put his hand to his forehead. \"There's really no need for you to tell me all of this, Chazz,\" he said. Taylor always expected him to talk about sex without giving details, but Chazz didn't have that sort of subtlety. \"It was so hot,\" he groaned. Just remembering was making Chazz crave sex. But just then there was a knock at the door. \"Come in,\" Taylor said, sounding grateful. Jimmy stuck his head in the room. \"Uh, sorry to interrupt,\" he said. \"But weren't we supposed to meet fifteen minutes ago, Chazz?\" \"No. We were supposed to meet at two o'clock.\" \"You said one.\" \"No, I said--\" Chazz began, but Taylor interrupted him. \"You're Jimmy, aren't you?\" he asked. \"Why don't you come in and talk with us for a little while?\" \"Um, I don't know,\" Jimmy said, uncertainly. Chazz was relieved. He hadn't quite told Jimmy that he had been talking to Taylor so much about their sexual escapades. \"Come on,\" Taylor said, encouragingly. \"I've been meaning to ask Chazz to bring you to an addicts meeting or a counseling session. It often helps the partners of sex addicts to come to meetings and get an understanding of what sex addiction is and the ways in which it can impact their relationship.\" \"Well,\" Jimmy said, reluctantly. \"I guess I could come in for a minute.\" Chazz knew that Jimmy half-believed that sex addiction was all a bunch of crap. He also knew that Jimmy was too polite to say so in front of Taylor. Jimmy walked into the office and sat down in a chair beside Chazz. Chazz was trying not to look at him. This could get ugly. \"Now Jimmy,\" Taylor said, after introducing himself and making small talk, \"I've been very impressed with the progress Chazz has been making in dealing with his addiction since he started seeing you.\" Jimmy gave Chazz a surprised glance. \"You have?\" he asked. \"Yeah,\" Chazz said, before Taylor could reply. \"He thinks me having a lot of hot, gay sex with you is better than me having sex with a gerzillion women.\" \"You'll certainly be less likely to get diseases,\" Jimmy muttered. He then sat up straight. \"Wait a minute. Chazz! What exactly have you been telling this guy?\" Uh-oh. \"He's my sex addicts counselor. I have to tell him shit. He's not allowed to tell anyone or I'll sue his ass. No offense, Taylor,\" he said, looking at his counselor. Jimmy was now blushing and hiding his head. He looked kind of hot. Chazz kept trying to catch his eye. \"What I would really like to know from you, Jimmy\" Taylor went on, \"is how Chazz's sex addiction has affected your relationship.\" Jimmy shifted uncomfortably. \"I don't know,\" he looked over at Chazz and Chazz made flickering motion with his tongue at him. \"Stop that,\" Jimmy mouthed. Chazz didn't stop, but he did start caressing his own chest. \"Chazz,\" Taylor said in warning and then turned back to Jimmy. \"Do you find Chazz's libido hard to keep up with?\" he asked. \"Do you find him overly demanding?\" \"He's asking if the Chazz too much man for you,\" Chazz clarified. \"Well, you are afraid of my chest hair. Admit it, MacElroy.\" \"Chazz, please,\" Taylor said, looking slightly disgusted. \"Let Jimmy answer.\" Jimmy bit his lip, still seemingly embarrassed. \"I guess … I mean we have a lot of sex, but I don't mind or anything. I like it.\" \"He's hornier than me half the time,\" Chazz put in, ignoring Jimmy glaring at him. \"I tend to have that effect on people. I'm not just an addict, I'm a dealer. Once they get a taste of Chazz, they know they've got to have some more.\" \"I don't like how Chazz is always talking about it, though,\" Jimmy burst out. \"He always makes everything sound so – so--\" \"Hot?\" Chazz suggested. \"Sexy? Mind bottling?\" \"Dirty,\" Jimmy completed. Chazz crossed his arms. To him, dirty sounded good. In fact, it sounded really good right about now. But he knew that Jimmy didn't mean it that way. \"Well, Chazz and I have discussed his problems with not understanding when it is appropriate to talk about sex. It's a common symptom of sex addiction. But there is no reason why you should feel uncomfortable talking about it when you two are alone.\" \"That's right, MacElroy,\" Chazz said, triumphantly, glad that Taylor seemed to be taking his side for once. \"I guess I'm just not used to it,\" Jimmy contemplated. \"I hadn't had sex with very many people before I met Chazz.\" \"By 'not very many', he means none, by the way,\" Chazz said, a little more seriously. \"Shut up,\" Jimmy muttered. \"I took his maidenhood.\" \"I would have to be a girl to have a maidenhood, dumbass.\" \"I know,\" Chazz smirked. \"Okay,\" Taylor said, before the situation could get out of control. \"Are you saying that you were a virgin before you met Chazz? That seems like a very odd match-up. A sex addict and someone who had never had sex.\" \"He was a slutty virgin though,\" Chazz said, casually. \"Was not. How can someone be a slutty virgin?\" Jimmy asked. \"By having the Chazz hypnotize them with his erotic powers of seduction until I bring out their inner slut.\" \"That is disgusting. And not true.\" \"Jimmy, what was it about Chazz that initially attracted you to him?\" Taylor asked. \"Tell him it was my enormous phylum,\" Chazz said in a loud whisper. \"I am not going to say that,\" Jimmy whispered back. \"Why not?\" \"Because it is not true and I'm pretty sure that the word you mean is 'phallus' anyway. Not phylum.\" \"I mean my wiener.\" \"I got that,\" Jimmy said. At that moment they both simultaneously realized that Taylor could hear every word that they were saying despite the fact that they were technically whispering and they both stopped talking. Jimmy shook himself. \"I'm sorry, what was the question? Chazz keeps distracting me.\" \"I was just asking what did find attractive about Chazz.\" \"Oh. I wasn't attracted to him at first, I guess,\" Jimmy said, after thinking about it a bit. \"You were in denial,\" Chazz insisted. Jimmy rolled his eyes. \"I hated him. Even after we had been working together on a routine for weeks, I didn't really like him. But then … I don't know, we went through so much together and Chazz was always there for me. He helped me with problems that he wouldn't have had to help me with. Things that had nothing to do with skating. He's not like anyone I've ever met before – he always says and does what he feels.\" Chazz felt his own face heat up. \"Very good,\" Taylor said to Jimmy. \"Chazz, do you want to tell me what you like about Jimmy.\" \"His ass,\" Chazz declared. Jimmy glared at him. Okay, so maybe it wasn't the best thing to say after Jimmy had just bared his soul and all, but if he started spouting off love poetry to the guy, things could get really gay. Chazz had decided that having sex with Jimmy didn't make him gay, but getting all mushy might. Besides, MacElroy's ass was one of the things that Chazz found physically attractive about him. That and his hair, which was soft and smelled good. Oh, and his big, blue eyes. And his moist lips … Chazz decided that this was a bad train of thought. \"I told you before, Taylor,\" he said. \"I am not a homosexicle.\" \"Homosexicle,\" Jimmy mouthed silently as if unable to believe what he was hearing. \"You want to know why I changed it to 'homosexicle', Jimmy?\" he asked, remembering that he had wanted to tell him. Jimmy closed his eyes and made a face as if imagining all of the reasons that Chazz could have changed it. \"Because it sounds like testicle?\" he asked. \"It sounds like – no! Jesus. Get your mind out of the gutter, MacElroy. You see what I meant about him being a slut?\" he asked Taylor. \"I was thinking that it sounded like popsicle before you polluted my pure little mind by being so – what is it you always say – disgusting?\" \"I was just trying to think like you! Jimmy objected. \"I think that we are getting off track once again,\" Taylor said. \"Chazz, you were just about to tell me, seriously , what you find attractive about Jimmy. You've told me before that you find him more … irresistible than other partners you've had. What makes him special?\" \"Um,\" Chazz said, dumbly. Jimmy was wrong when he said that Chazz always said whatever he felt. And anyway, Chazz was no good at understanding why he felt the things he felt. He only knew that he always felt bad whenever Jimmy wasn't around. He wanted to be with the guy twenty-four hours a day. He had never felt like that about someone before. Chazz realized that he had been quiet for quite some time. \"I don't know,\" he said. \"I can't explain it. I just … always want to be with him. And not just for the sex either, although the sex is freaking awesome. It's like I told you before … I'm addicted to him.\" \"You're … addicted to me?\" Jimmy asked softly. From the way his partner was looking at him, Chazz would have thought he'd just declared unending love. Jimmy was silent for a moment before he spoke again. \"I'm addicted to you too, I think,\" he said, awkwardly. \"Really,\" Chazz said, brightening a bit. \"And which part of my … body do you find most addicting, Jimmy?\" Unlike Chazz's previous tries at getting Jimmy hot, this one actually seemed to work as Jimmy bit his lip and gave Chazz a long look up and down. Chazz thought that Jimmy had practically forgotten that Taylor was in the room. All the better. \"I -- I don't know,\" Jimmy answered him, but Chazz could tell by the expression on his face that he was into this. \"Damn it, Chazz, not again!\" Taylor said loudly, jarring Chazz only slightly from the thoughts that were running through his mind. Well, Chazz did have a habit for making sex addicts meetings a little too sexy. \"Sorry Taylor,\" he said. He closed his eyes and took several deep breaths. It didn't work. He looked back over at Jimmy and saw, to his surprise, that he seemed to be even less phased by Taylor than Chazz himself was. Jimmy's mouth was hanging open and his cheeks were slightly flushed. \"I – I think we need to go now, Taylor,\" Chazz said, urgently. \"Your session isn't over yet,\" Taylor said, his voice very commanding. \"I … um … think we need to go too,\" Jimmy said, looking at the floor. They definitely needed to get back to the apartment as quickly as possible. Okay, so maybe Chazz couldn't make it to the apartment – Jimmy's car then. Or that empty room that Chazz passed down the hall. Yeah, that would be hot. \"This isn't good, Chazz!\" Taylor called after him, as he dragged Jimmy out the door. \"You can't allow your libido to control your life like this!\" But Chazz wasn't listening and he didn't think Jimmy was either. ","Summary":" Addicted \"Hello, Chazz,\" hisnsex addicts counselor, Taylor sighed as Chazz entered his office. nC"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"The She Wolf","Author":"TealRose320","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6795329","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello everyone! So, I studied theatre in college, and one of the things that always fascinated me was the role of gender in plays and such. I even once did an experimental project where I explored if some of the stories we love the most would still have their power if the genders of the main characters were reversed. So, this is my take on the story if Lawrence Talbot were Lauren Talbot, Ben was Beth, and Gwen was Greg. Hope you all enjoy! Please don't be afraid to R&R;! Do you think the story can still work? I'd love to know what you think. '' Even a woman who is pure of heart, and says her prayers by night may become a wolf, when the wolf's bane blooms and the autumn moon is bright.'' The full moon shined down on Blackmoor like an enormous eerie spotlight with an ominous glow. To say the least, it provided a cold, distant sense of foreboding, positively terrifying. And, was that a wolf's howl? No, it simply must have been a figment of Bethany Talbot's imagination - for the fourth time this evening. She shook her head in an attempt to get rid of the thought, blinking quickly. Although she was trying hard not to, her heart was beating more rapidly by the second, and fear was reigning supreme on her face. She turned away from her fiance, Gregory Conliffe, who had attempted to plant another sweet kiss on her cheek. The moment was punctuated by the shrill, blood curdling sound of a wolf's howl. At the sound of it, Bethany clung tightly to Gregory, throwing her hands around his neck. Though he knew it wasn't right, Gregory couldn't stop himself from letting out a small chuckle. ''There now! Surely you heard that one!'' She looked straight into his eyes, which at this moment, instead of holding empathy and love, held only sheer amusement. ''Gregory please! I'm begging you, let's get out of here - please?'' His smile only increased. He held Bethany tighter in his arms and pressed a reassuring kiss to her hairline. ''Bethany, there's nothing to be afraid of, my darling. Nothing at all.'' He rocked her gently as they sat alone together with their horses, just them in their own little corner of the woods they had been occupying for an hour. ''It's just your imagination.'' he said soothingly. Bethany turned sharply to him, the fear in her eyes temporarily replaced with anger. ''It is NOT my imagination! There really IS something out there! I can hear it! When I was a girl, my father told me-'' ''Ah, your father,'' Gregory laughed. ''Now we're getting somewhere. Bethany darling, your father filled your head with a lot of nonsense and silly stories -none of them true. Now come,'' and he tried one last time to pull her in for another kiss. Bethany however, was having none of it. She put a hand on his chest to keep him from advancing any further. ''No listen, do you hear that?'' Another shrill howl, this one seemingly much closer. Bethany gasped and jumped backwards. The hair on the back of her neck stood up straight. Yes, there was no use even trying to hide her fear now. ''Gregory, I don't like this. I don't like this one bit. Let's get out of here.'' Still for some reason, seeing how frightened she was amused him - to seemingly no end. ''You can't be serious? Surely you're not afraid of your father's ''forest devil man'' story?'' ''Of course not!'' Bethany snapped, almost too quickly. ''But there is something out there, and I want to go -NOW!'' She turned on him with an angry gaze, but still, fueled by fear. Gregory sighed heavily and released Bethany from his grasp. With this level of determination in her, he knew he was getting nowhere fast. With that, he got up, a rather large frown on his face, and prepared the horses to leave. Bethany stood and planted herself against a tree, looking every which way, but otherwise, not moving a muscle. Even though her wait for Gregory was only a few seconds, it seemed like an eternity to her. She began shaking and breathing hard, and every fiber of her being succumbing to her fear. Well, her father's forest devil man may not be out there -but something was. And she didn't like it. ''Gregory,'' she called, but it was barely audible. He was still saddling Heather, so named for her grey color. Heather was Bethany's horse, but it had once belonged to her mother, and for that reason, Bethany cherished her so. Looking at Heather and Gregory, Bethany's breathing slowed, and for a few glistening seconds, she almost believed that she was in the clear. That is, until she heard what sounded like a low growl coming from just behind her. At this point, the lump in her throat returned one hundred fold, as did the heavy breathing. ''Gregory,'' she whispered. No answer. No response. Nothing there. Nothing but the sound of her own heavy breathing. With this, she ever so slowly started to turn around. ''Are the horses ready?'' she asked, again, barely audible, for fear if she spoke too loudly, someone would hear her - or something. Still no sign from her beloved. This caused her alarm rate to go up even more when she didn't see him by the horses. She took a step forward, her eyes searching everywhere for him, but her body staying planted in the ground. ''Gregory! Gregory! Gre-'' and before she could utter another sound, her mouth was covered by a strong hand, pulling her backwards toward the tree. Another powerful arm wrapped itself around her waist, keeping a tight grip on her. Bethany struggled with all her might to free herself from this creature, but the more she struggled, the tighter the creature held on, grasping her tighter and tighter. Her screams were muffled and so were her movements, but she tried all the same. Finally she shifted herself in such a position to where she could see the creature's face. Much to her chagrin, she discovered the creature - was no creature at all, but Gregory, laughing his fool head off at her. ''Gregory! You- you moron!'' She pushed him backwards for emphasis. Immediately, his smile faded. ''Violence, my darling? That's not very ladylike.'' ''Well, was it gentlemanly to scare me in such a way?'' Bethany parried. ''You know I don't like these woods. Too many demons reside here.'' Again, Gregory's smile returned. Demons. How he would love to know one day just what kind of rubbish her father filled her head with. Absolute poppycock, he thought. ''You're right,'' he said finally. ''That was unacceptable behavior. When we get back to Talbot Hall, I shall make it up to you.'' He said so with a devilish smile. ''Gregory Conliffe, don't you sport with me,'' Bethany tried her best to feign a serious tone, but to little avail. He saw right through it, and placed a sweet kiss on her forehead. ''All right. I'm sorry. I truly am.'' He put a protective arm around her waist, guiding her back to the horses. ''Shall we go, then?'' ''Yes,'' Bethany said, all too quickly. The moment she let herself be guided from the trees, a pair of glowing yellow eyes emerged, and another low growl was emitted. This time, Bethany was so relieved to be getting out of there that she didn't notice. If only she had. Gregory helped Bethany onto her horse, and mounted his own, when he noticed Bethany gripping the reigns of Heather so tightly her knuckles were turning white. At least for the moment, Gregory thought that his flirtations had calmed her -but then again, maybe not. She looked at him in a cold, eerie way. ''Can we go now? Please?'' ''Yes, yes.'' Gregory said, clearly disappointed. He sighed as he watched Heather and Bethany take off in front of him at a slow walking pace. Silly superstitions. Always spouting them to anyone who will listen. Forest devil man, ridiculous. As Gregory was lost in his own world of complaints, he didn't notice the glowing eyes present themselves once more. Nor did he take the third beastly growl seriously when he heard it - he simply assumed it was one of the horses whinnying. It wasn't until something a bit more extreme happened that he was brought out of his pouty sulking attitude. The glowing eyes allowed themselves to come out of the shadows, and a set of razor like teeth came out, coming straight toward Heather, letting out a defeaning roar. Before the creature could get the chance to attack, Heather whinnied and stood on two legs. This caused the creature to back up slightly, but Heather took off like a speeding bullet once she hit the ground again. Bethany screamed and flew into a panic as Heather ran at a sprint. Gregory stared in terror as Heather took off with Bethany, and he noticed that just as quickly as the mysterious creature had come, it had left - for now. All there was now was silence. A terrifying silence that Gregory did not like. ''Bethany! Bethany!'' He cried out in horror, willing his horse to follow where she had gone. Let it be said that now HE was the one scared senseless. Perhaps her father's forest devil man wasn't such poppycock after all. Heather ran faster and faster, showing no signs of stopping any time soon, and not even attempting to listen to any of Bethany's commands to stop or slow down. Bethany's heart was beating so quickly, she thought it might leap out of her chest at any given moment. Heather's speed, along with the sight of that creature -what was that? Bethany had never seen anything like that before in her life - but she would most certainly see it again. Those teeth -how sharp and razor like they were! And those eyes, those evil, piercing eyes - they froze her blood and filled her heart with fear. Just then, Heather stopped abruptly, but only because she had to stop. They were now at a dead end between the woods and, of all places, a tomb. And not just any tomb, but the Talbot family tomb. She yelped as she saw this, and tried to keep her tears from flowing. She tried her best to compose herself, but sweat was mingling with the tears threatening to fall from her eyes, and it seemed to get her started all over again. Now able to get control of Heather's reigns, she pulled on them gently but firmly, attempting to calm her down as well. Bethany took in several deep breaths, letting the cool night air caress her face. It was enough to give her hope that the creature was gone, and she was safe and could go back to find Gregory. This was false hope. Bethany dismounted Heather, again taking another deep breath. She wiped her face quickly, trying so desperately to tell herself all would be well, and she would be back in Gregory's arms soon. She placed one hand on Heather's saddle, and one hand on her stomach as she continued to breathe and try not to cry. It was when she took that last breath that she heard it. The growls, the growls getting louder and closer, turning into howls. Seemingly, out of nowhere, there appeared a strange creature, standing on two legs, covered in thick black fur from top to bottom, long knife-like claws, and a set of teeth that didn't look like they were for eating vegetables. Bethany gasped at the sight of it, trying her best to subtly back up and get back on her horse, but she let her fears get the best of her. Instead, she ran towards the tomb, in the hopes that she could find shelter inside. She screamed in sheer terror as she ran, but the beast was too fast for her. To gain speed, the beast ran on all fours, jumping in the air, and pouncing on top of Bethany just as she reached the doors of the tomb. Its claws were fixated around her neck, and its teeth protruded from its already bloody mouth. ''No, no please, no,'' was all that Bethany could manage to say, over and over and over. The creature fixated its gaze on her, either not understanding her desperate pleas, or otherwise not caring. It tilted its head backwards ever so slightly, and went in for the killing blow to her neck. Years later, ask anyone and they will tell you, the one thing Bethany Talbot would always be remembered for, was the look of sheer terror on her face as she had been eaten alive. And Heather, poor Heather never stood a chance either. ''Bethany! My darling, where are you? Bethany? BETHANY!''[Chapter 2] Hey Everyone! Ok, brief theatre history lesson: 1.) Charlotte Cushman was the very first actress - she was well known for playing male roles, and her most notable role was Romeo, opposite her sister as Juliet. 2.) When Charles II was restored to the throne in 1660, he made a decree allowing female actors. So, there we have it, enjoy! J London, about two weeks later ''Alas, poor Yorick!'' Lauren Talbot held up a skull made of plastic, and looked on it sadly as she recited the famous speech. The young Miss Talbot had become quite the successful actress in her time, in fact, she had been hailed the toast of Europe. Further, some critics even called her the next Charlotte Cushman. Since the restoration of Charles II in England, women were legally allowed to take the stage as performers. Since then, the power struggle and battle of the sexes had taken quite the reversal; now women were seen in men's roles. Such was Lauren's good fortune. As a young teen, she played a dashing, romantic, heart-wrenching Romeo in New York. Night after night, Lauren left not a dry eye in the house after her ''death'' scene. From there, her acting career really took off; she got to play in most of America and abroad, but somehow, her travels always brought her back to England, her homeland. How she hated being there - far too many demons to battle. The only good things that the demons did was to help fuel her success, in their own way. Summoning such darkness proved to serve her well, as they helped to add a darker element to her characters. From Romeo, Lauren went on to play many roles that any actor would kill for, both male and female, however, Shakespeare seemed to be her forte. Benedick of Much Ado About Nothing, Katarina of The Taming of The Shrew, Cleopatra, and Macbeth were her favorite roles so far, but now she was cast in her most noteworthy and challenging role of all: Hamlet. Although there was much trepidation at first about casting a woman as the indecisive Prince, the director had taken an immediate liking to Lauren since she auditioned. He said that there was a certain look to her - one of sadness, of anger, of determination, of self-loathing, all simultaneously in one glance. He had never found that in the eyes of any male actor he had ever seen. Besides, he had said that Lauren brought a certain sense of compassion to Hamlet, one that he always felt the Prince had, but had never been brought out by any man. So, Lauren got the part, but not without apprehensions of her own. Since taking on men's parts, Lauren often questioned the motivations of her male audience: she wondered whether they were coming to see a fine performance, or to see if a woman was actually capable of playing Hamlet, or - simply so they could see her legs in those breeches. From the ever growing amount of roses thrown at her and male admirers, Lauren always suspected it was closer to the latter. She was never without her critics, however, there were still the conservatives out there who would write to her telling her she ought to be ashamed of herself, pretending to be a man. Truth to be told though, Lauren liked living in the world of a man; there was a certain amount of freedom there, and she loved it. Lauren herself often joked that she was better known in the world as a man than as a woman -and she was. ''I knew him Horatio, a fellow of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy.'' Tonight, as Laruen recited this line, her thoughts drove themselves back to her sister, Beth. Lauren had always thought that she had a great sense of humor. She and Beth had been separated some years ago, but they remained close and kept in touch through letters. But Lauren hadn't received one from Beth in weeks, that is, until she received one from one Mr. Gregory Conliffe. It described in a panicked tone that her younger sister Bethany had disappeared. Mr. Conliffe was in hopes that Lauren could provide some help. His letter also said that he was coming to see her personally in Hamlet and wished to speak to her there. The letter seemed so frightened, and she tried her level best to hide her own worry as she performed, but Beth was heavy on her mind. Little did Lauren know, the young Mr. Conliffe was sitting up in the balcony watching the performance. He was a rather handsome gentleman, with short, chestnut hair, cyan blue eyes, and a chiseled cleft chin. He lifted up a pair of binoculars to get a better look, smiling just a little as he did. There, he spied a woman, pale in complexion, with the perfect appearance of a man, down to the all black doublet and hose, sword at her right side (another thing that made Lauren different - she was left handed) and a boys' wig atop her flowing raven hair. ''Wow.'' Gregory whispered. He felt more than a little abashed and ashamed to think that she was quite beautiful, even dressed as a man. ''He hath borne me on his back a thousand times, and now, how abhorred in my imagination it is! My gorge rises at it…..'' Later…. The dressing room backstage bustled with activity. Actors were undressing for the night, removing their makeup, drinking, laughing, flirting, parading. But there was no one doing any heavier flirting than one Julius James, the Horatio to Lauren's Hamlet, or if he would have his way, the Romeo to her Juliet. He placed a single rose behind his back and came behind Lauren. Julius covered Lauren's eyes with a single hand, and presented the rose to her. Lauren irritably lifted his hand from her face, and saw yet another red rose for her. Lauren looked rather unimpressed. She nearly snatched the rose from him, and placed it on her dressing table - next to the dozens of other roses from other admirers. Lauren looked up at Julius from her mirror, a look of warning on her face. But, Julius wasn't giving up that easily. He bent down next to her, placing eager, and unwanted kisses on her neck and cheek. ''Julius, please.'' She gently pushed him away, and Julius finally took the hint. He went away, a broken hearted look on his face. Lauren sighed. Then, to her relief, she heard a knock on the door. ''Oh good, another distraction,'' she muttered to herself. An older gentleman answered the door, and through taking off her wig and makeup, she could hear the voice of another gentleman. Then, to her chagrin, Lauren heard the younger gentleman say her name. Lauren sighed heavily and tossed her head to the side. ''What is it now?'' She demanded. ''Please, if it's another admirer, just - send him away.'' The younger gentleman stepped into the room, just as all the other actors were stepping out - that is, all except Julius. The young man smiled at Lauren nervously. ''My name is Gregory Conliffe, I am engaged to your sister, Bethany.'' At the sound of her sister's name, Lauren's eyes lit up. She leapt out of her chair, and grabbed each of Gregory's shoulders, trying to hide a smile. ''Is Beth here? Did you find her?'' ''I'm afraid not, on both accounts, milady.'' Gregory looked down at the ground in shame. Instantly, Lauren's smile disappeared. ''I want you to te-'' before Lauren could finish her sentence she was interrupted once more by Julius. He placed the rose he had offered in her hand, as well as a kiss on her cheek, while all the while looking at Gregory. Lauren closed her eyes in annoyance as he left, ever giving Greg the look of death. Gregory, however, turned around, amused. ''Your lover?'' he said through a sly smile. Lauren twisted the rose in her hands, trying to hold her patience. She looked up at him. ''In his mind only,'' and she threw the rose violently on her desk. She looked back up at Gregory, seeing that they were getting off on the wrong foot. ''I'm sorry. It's nice to finally put a face to the name. My sister mentioned you often in her letters.'' At this, Gregory took a step toward her, catching her attempt to be nice. ''Bethany mentioned you often as well. But she never mentioned how great of an actress you were.'' Lauren smiled, nearly in sarcasm. ''She's never seen me on stage.'' Her face grew more serious now. ''Mr. Conliffe,'' she started. ''Greg, please.'' he offered. However, Lauren was having none of it. She didn't even know this clown. ''Mr. Conliffe,'' she said stubbornly. ''I do trust you've come here for a better reason than cheap flattery?'' 'Spitfire,' thought Gregory. ''Indeed, I have. I'm afraid Bethany is still missing from Blackmoor. On the night she went missing, two villagers were killed. I fear the worst for her. '' At the sound of this, Lauren took a seat, and invited Gregory to do the same. ''I want you to tell me what happened. When was the last time you saw her?'' ''Just over two weeks ago,'' he said sadly. ''We were on a midnight ride with our horses in the forest, when we heard a strange animal. Bethany was convinced it was some sort of monster,'' he stopped briefly to chuckle a little, but when he saw Lauren wasn't laughing, he continued. '' Well, we were preparing to leave, when her horse, just, I don't know, went out of control,. It took her off somewhere in the woods, and we haven't seen her or the horse since.'' Lauren cleared her throat, her jaw shaking. She was quiet for a moment, but then her head came up slowly, her eyes fixated on Gregory. ''I see. So, it your fault.'' Gregory's jaw dropped slightly. He shook his head, knowing that he didn't like where this was going. ''No, milady, you misunderstand me.'' ''No, I understand perfectly,'' Lauren spat. She stood up from her chair angrily peering at him. ''You led my sister out into the woods, knowing full well she fears them! And now, God knows what's happened to her! And for what? All because you can't seem to control your carnal desires…'' At hearing this accusation, Gregory stood as well. '' Excuse me, Miss Talbot, but you have gone too far.'' ''Have I?'' she parried. ''Come now, '' Gregory demanded, his anger rising, ''how could you possibly know that this is my fault?'' ''You prayed on her fears,'' Lauren came very close to his face at this point. She knew she was crossing the line here, but with her sister's safety at stake, the last thing she cared about was the status quo. ''After all these years, she still fears the woods, I know it. We're sisters. We grew up in the same house, have the same forest for a back yard….have the same father..'' ''Speaking of him,'' Gregory interrupted, ''If this is about your father, I do understand.'' Lauren's head snapped, like someone had slapped her. ''How could you possibly?'' Her fiery gaze peered into him once more. ''Miss Talbot, we need your help to find Bethany. I can assure your protection from your father, if you'll just return to Blackmoor with me. '' Lauren's smug half smile faded. She backed away from him noticeably. ''You have no idea what you're promising. My father's tactics are nothing you can protect me from. No one can.'' By now, Gregory was growing tired of Lauren's stubbornness. ''You must come back and help us, you have a familiar duty, Miss Talbot.'' ''I will sleep on it!'' she spat, ''But don't you dare talk to me about familiar duty, Mr. Conliffe. You are engaged to my sister, which makes you part of our family. As Beth's future husband, you were supposed to protect her - and you didn't.'' Now you tell me -'' again, she came closer to Gregory, jut inches away from his face. ''who has the greater failure?'' Gregory narrowed his blue eyes at her, impressed by her gumption, but not her tactics. Still though, he played her game. ''Maybe the one who hasn't seen her own sister in twenty-five years?'' he said, calmly. At this, Lauren reached her boiling point. ''How dare you?'' she screamed. This shocked Gregory into taking a step back, and for fear of the walls having ears, Lauren shut her eyes in an attempt to calm her temper. As she did so, she opened to door to the dressing room, leaving it wide open. ''That will be quite enough,'' she declared. ''Get out.'' Immediately, a look of fear was placed on Gregory's face, and he realized he had pushed her too far. ''Miss Talbot,'' he began, ''I am terribly sorry, please accept my deepest apology.'' ''You have misjudged me, and you have offended me. Now I want you out.'' She beckoned for him to leave. Gregory sighed, taking the hint. He got about halfway out the door, when he turned around. ''But, we need your help. Surely you're not going to punish Beth because of me?'' Oh, how Lauren wished she could just…box his ears! Who did he think he was? Still, as much as she hated to admit it, he did have a point. Beth needed her. ''No,'' she said after another deep sigh. ''Someone has to fix the mess that you made, I'm just sorry it has to be me. Despite your apparent idiocy, my sister is the issue here. '' An angry scowl was on Lauren's face, but a bit of a smile seemed to be on Gregory's. ''Then a heart does reside somewhere in that icy demeanor of yours.'' This time, Lauren opened up the door just a little wider. ''Good night,'' she said, as sweetly as possible. Gregory, still half smiling, stepped completely out of the doorway. ''Very well. Goodnight, Sweet Prince,'' he said with a sarcastic bow as he finally left the room. Lauren all but slammed the door behind him. Of all the pompous, uncouth, jackanapes! She threw her back against the door, heaving another heavy sigh. She ran a hand through her long flowing hair, wondering how her sister could have found her way into the arms of such a man. Well, she thought, Beth always was more of the girly one between us, always the one who wanted a knight in shining armor…rubbish. THAT was no knight, that was a dragon. She let her eyes travel to her make-up desk now. She walked over and sat at it, studying herself in the mirror. What had she just agreed to? What did she get herself into? Was she even coming for Beth, or simply to spite ''Prince Charming?'' The answer wasn't clear to her. What was clear to her was what she needed to do now. She took a deep breath and shook her head to clear her mind. As she did so, she picked up a pen to write a letter to her father, of all people. The letter was simply instructing him to expect her before the week was out. Still, she gave one last head shake as she saw her reflection in the mirror again. How she wished the woman looking back at her weren't so jaded…so, destroyed in every way. She sighed one last time as she began writing. 'I must be out of my mind.''[Chapter 3] Ok, everyone, here's the scoop. I'm sorry if this chapter seems like a lot of explaining and not a lot of dialogue, but the things I explain are the things that the readers need to know. Also, for the non-Spanish speakers out there, the name of the dog is Lobo in this story, which is the Spanish word for wolf. Ok, 'nuff of that. Enjoy! Two days later, Lauren found herself on a train headed for Blackmoor. By anyone's estimation, she had settled her affairs pretty quickly. In her director's opinion, she had committed ''career suicide'' by giving her part in Hamlet to the teenage Emily Bronson, who was only too eager to have it. Lauren also felt the smallest pang of guilt for leaving behind a very heartbroken Julius. She felt bad that he was sad though, and not because she felt anything for him. Still though, she didn't like to see anyone sad, especially because of her. But faced with the thoughts of what was awaiting her next, she quickly shook the thought. Now here she was this early morning, nestled comfortably in her seat. In her lap sat a medium sized blue box. The box contained all the letters that Bethany had written to Lauren over the past twenty five years - she had saved every single one. Whenever Lauren needed strength or courage, or simply wanted something to smile about, she perused those letters. Most of them brought absolute joy to her, but a few of them brought back memories so painful she didn't even like to read them. These letters described absolute fear and unspeakable pain Bethany suffered at the hands of their father. Before Lauren left for America years ago, she herself suffered a similar kind of pain. Of course, their sisterly friendship and love bound them together, but Lauren had always thought that it was the pain they shared that really made them one. Overall though, Bethany's letters made Lauren feel warm inside, and a small smile escaped her lips. After everything she had been through in her life, it was so good to know that there was always someone who was there for her, someone who cared, someone who loved her. What amazed Lauren all the more was that even though they hadn't seen each other in 25 years, in her letters, it felt like not a day had gone by. She felt like she was a girl again. She got even more comfortable as she read aloud one of her favorite letters from Beth: '' July 3, 1869 Dear Big Sister, It's my birthday today, and I'm ten. Father is letting me have a tea party this year, with a real birthday cake! All of my friends will be coming, but I just wish you could come instead. Everyone asks about you - can you come back for my birthday? I will save a piece of birthday cake for you. Your Loving Sister, Beth'' This one made Lauren smile. She later came to find out that Beth wasn't kidding. After all her friends left, she sat by the front door of their estate in a small chair. She had a smile on her face as she held the last piece of her cake on a plate. Beth had even left a candle in it, so Lauren would have something to blow out. She waited and waited, until finally, she fell asleep in the chair. Finally, Singh, their father's manservant, carried her off to bed. He didn't have the heart to explain that Lauren would never come back. Lauren daintily placed that letter back in its envelope and pulled out another one. This one she loved because of the interest Beth took in her life. She read it aloud: '' April 24, 1875 Dear Lauren, Well, today was my last day of finishing school, and I have passed all my courses. Father and Singh came to the commencement ceremony, but Father left as soon as it was over. He said that I have turned into a real lady, and it reminded him too much of Mother. I miss her so much - and you too, Lauren. I wish I could see you again, I bet you are so pretty! How are things in France? I hear it's wonderful this time of year. Did you get the part of Romeo? I bet you did, and I know you will be the best there ever was. Please write back soon. Your Loving Sister, Beth.'' Lauren sighed. ''Beth, always so full of kindness.'' She now picked up a third letter - this one describing a certain young man she had met. '' December 5, 1888 Dear Lauren, So you did get the part of Cleopatra! That's simply wonderful! I am so happy for you, Lauren! You mentioned that your play will be touring -do you think your travels will take you anywhere near Blackmoor? I would love to see your play, and you too of course, sister. I too have some news - I am being courted by a young gentleman by the name of Gregory Conliffe. How I wish you could meet him, sister. He's so handsome! He is a proper Christian gentleman, and I know you would just love him. Singh seemed a little protective at first, but I think he trusts my judgment. Father however, doesn't seem to like him at all, thought I don't understand why. Your Loving Sister, Beth'' Lauren frowned as she put that letter away. ''Clearly, we are not talking about the same man. Proper Christian gentleman indeed!'' Now, slowly, she picked up the last letter. This one written to her only a few months ago. To Lauren, it still echoed her voice, spirit and presence in it. '' September 18, 1891 Dear Lauren, Truly, you will not believe this! Mr. Conliffe proposed to me tonight! For a time, I thought he never would. I'm so happy, Lauren, in my heart I knew he was the one for me! Sister, you simply must come back to Blackmoor for the wedding - I want you to be the Matron of Honour. The wedding is set for next spring. Please, please say you'll come? Your Loving Sister, Beth'' Lauren nearly cried at this. This was Beth's last letter, and she never answered it. The thought of coming back home proved to be too much for her. Guilt conquered her thoughts now, though. How could she do that? Her only sister? Though Lauren grew up to be a very successful actress and had many fans and admirers, at the end of the day, she never felt like anyone truly loved her. Not even Julius. He loved her for what she was, not who she was, and loving her for the wrong reasons, she thought, was not loving her at all. Her mother loved her of course, but she died when Lauren was a little girl. Afterwards, her father, Sir John Talbot, did his best to compensate for a mother's love and affection, but somehow, he gave affection in the wrong way. As a result, Lauren began to act out, and Sir John sent her to live with his sister-in-law Abigail in America. That was the last time Lauren ever saw her sister, the one who really loved her. The idea of seeing Sir John again upset her. She crossed herself and prayed that God would deliver her from the evils she had suffered in childhood. Lauren had been so scared of him when she was a girl, and she was no more able to protect herself from him now than she was then. Miraculously though, Lauren was able to close her eyes, and shut out the world. When she awoke, the train was coming to a stop, and out the window she could see a green sign reading BLACKMOOR in white letters. '' Home sweet home,'' she muttered. She quickly gathered her belongings off the train, and made her way to the family carriage, which was waiting to take her the rest of the way home. She smiled politely at the driver, but inwardly, she cringed. Somehow, the rest of the ride to Talbot Hall, her father's estate, seemed a lot shorter than when she was a child. In fact, before Lauren even really had time to make herself comfortable in the carriage, they had arrived. Lauren thanked the driver as he removed her luggage from the carriage, and in what seemed like a frightened haste, the driver left, and Lauren was alone again. '' Wow,'' Lauren whispered. She looked around her as she stood in a walkway she hadn't seen in many, many years. The garden by the walkway was filled with bushes Singh had carved into animals long ago. The walkway was filled with dead leaves and debris, and the walls of the house were caked in dirt. '' Surely, this is not the house I once lived in,'' she said to no one in particular. Truly, if Lauren didn't know better, she'd say no one lived here at all. Everything was dead, the leaves under her feet, the bush animals, all the beautiful trees around the house -they were all quite dead. Lauren closed her eyes in an attempt to keep her wits about her. Reflectively, she wrapped her coat tighter around her as she made her way down the walkway to her childhood house of horrors. She place a hand on the door, almost as if to feel if there was anyone about. When she didn't feel anything, she pushed the door inward, making her way inside. '' This is it, no going back now, Lauren.'' The inside of the house was filled as well with dead leaves covering the marble floor. It looked like no one had swept in months, and immediately Lauren's thought traveled to their old faithful manservant. '' Hello? Singh? Is anyone here? Hello?'' Lauren waited, no response. She stepped fully inside, and got a load of the house as it looked now. At the top of the walls sat her father's ''hunting trophies,'' the heads of the most vicious and wild beasts one could think of. The mark of a true huntsmen. The grand staircase in the middle of the room was covered with crimson carpet and spider webs abound. This was certainly not how it looked when she left. Ok, Lauren thought, this must be some kind of joke -this is not my house. '' Hello? Singh? Anyone? Helloooooo?'' Just then, Lauren did hear something, but it certainly wasn't footsteps. Rather, they were paw prints. At that moment, a large black haired hound appeared, almost out of nowhere. The dog growled at the intruder, starting her down with its dark eyes. Lauren instinctively took a step back. '' Nice dog,'' she tried to sooth. ''Good dog.'' Fine job she was doing, her voice was so shaky, one could hardly tell she was speaking at all. The dog wasn't going for it, he started coming at her at a running pace, his growls growing ever louder. Lauren let out a startled scream and backed up into the staircase, tripping backwards on it. She placed her arms over her face in defense, when she heard a thunderously loud voice. '' Lobo! No!'' the voice roared. Immediately, the dog stopped, and sat on his haunches. All the while though, his eyes were fixated on Lauren. ' Lobo?' Lauren thought. THIS was Lobo? The sweet little puppy dog Bethany told her about? This adorable little thing who just tried to eat her? Agh! She allowed herself to slowly turn around on the staircase to see who this voice belonged to. Lauren feared though, that she already knew the answer. The voice belonged to a man standing at the top of the staircase, who poked his face out of the darkness to get a good look at this lady stranger. He was an older gentleman, with hair as white as snow, and many wrinkles on his face. His mouth was like stone; it looked like he hadn't smiled in years. Most of all, he had piercing blue eyes, too devilish to be real. He peered at the lady, recognizing her immediately. '' Lauren?'' Lauren looked back at the old man, a deep frown on her face, yet she still bowed her head a little in respect. '' Hello, Father.''[Chapter 4] Lauren stared at her father as if she were looking at a ghost. Well, in a way, she was. As Sir John's piercing eyes peered into her for the first time in years, she felt fear and the smallest bit of loathing come rushing back to her. She moved instinctually as Sir John took another step down the staircase. ''And lo,'' he said in his baritone voice. ''After all these years, there she is at last -my little lost sheep. I hope you're not expecting me to carry you on my shoulders.'' That remark made Lauren smile the smallest bit, and a half smile formed on her face. She held on to the banister of the stairs as she lifted herself up. ''You seem well.'' ''I am well,'' Sir John said, releasing an unpleasant smile. Seeing it set Lauren even more on edge. ''You know, seeing you like this, for a moment I thought your mother had come back to me.'' A certain sadness came over both Lauren's and Sir John's eyes as he said this. When Lauren was a child, she was often told she looked just like her mother, and she could only imagine the pain it must have inflicted for her father to see her all grown up like this. Sir John stared at her, and lifted a hand to stroke a few escaped tendrils of hair on the side of Lauren's face. ''I've often wondered what you looked like -just as beautiful as your mother.'' He removed his hand from her face and winked at her. ''Just glorious.'' Lauren said nothing. She stared at him blankly as he made his way down the remainder of the stairs. Lauren kept a safe distance behind him, lifting the bottom of her dress as she descended over each step. She also couldn't help but notice that the room seemed smaller somehow now -smaller, and , well, darker. Also, she couldn't help but see how Lobo was still looking at her like a hungry lion who had been starved for months. ''Lobo, stay,'' Sir John warned. As he had descended the stairs, Lobo tried to follow, if for nothing else than to keep an eye on this new woman. He obeyed, but his glare of death was still on Lauren. By now, Sir John had led Lauren to the doorway outside the kitchen, next to all of his..trophies. Lauren took a second look at them, noting how each and every one of them just looked so - sad. Her thought was broken however by her father's voice. ''Come about your sister, have you?'' She stared at him for a second. What else would I be here for, she thought, a holiday? She passed in front of Lobo carefully and quietly, while he continued to growl at her. ''Lobo,'' Sir John again warned. Once past him, Lauren answered. ''Yes. Mr. - Conliffe had recently sent me a letter saying Beth had disappeared, and he paid me a visit after my performance of Hamlet. So, I'm here to offer my help.'' Sir John stood in the doorway of the kitchen, preventing Lauren from going any further. A rather disappointed look was on his face. ''A splendid idea Lauren, splendid, but unfortunately, just like you, it's come too late. Your sister's body was found yesterday.'' Sir John's words hit her like a ton of bricks. Her worst fear had come true. She had prayed all the way here that she wouldn't hear this; now that she did, she didn't know what to feel, or rather what to feel first. Shock, disappointment, grief, anger, loss, all rolled into one in the form of a lump in Lauren's throat, and she tried her level best not to cry at that very moment, though some mist in her eyes did escape. ''What? W-where?'' she stuttered. ''In a ditch by the priory road,'' Sir John stated, rather nonchalantly, actually. He said it almost like he was saying it for the hundredth time, and the words had lost their meaning. Perhaps they had. Lauren hand flew to her mouth and she closed her eyes tightly, while her father continued. ''She looked just awful when we found her, her body had been torn to pieces.'' Suddenly, he looked up at Lauren, a somewhat more cheerful look on his face. ''I assume you have something to wear to the funeral.'' He said this in an attempt to poke fun at Lauren's dress, which was already raven black. Lauren however, was not amused, and instead focused on an older gentleman as he emerged from the kitchen. He had olive skin, a long grey beard, and a turban atop his head. His face was care-worn, but a soft smile was still in his eyes. Surely this could not be Singh? The man she had always wished was her real father? ''Sir John, your tea is ready.'' He made a bow of his head towards him, and when he looked back up, his eyes met Lauren's, who was ever so slightly smiling at him. He looked at her with a great affection and tenderness -surely this girl was familiar to him. The little girl he had cared for so many years ago, the little girl he had nicknamed little raven for her black hair and dark eyes, the little girl who, along with her sister, he considered daughters -the little girl he had once called - Small Lady. Sir John saw the recognition in both of their eyes and smiled a wicked smile. ''Ah, so I take it you remember my daughter, Lauren,'' he said. Singh took a look at Sir John, then back at Lauren, twenty-five years older, all grown up. ''How could I not remember her? The sweetest little girl in all the land. '' He placed both his hands together and bowed his head, which Lauren returned. He then came toward her with hands outstretched, giving her a look as if to say, ''May I?'' Her responding look said, ''you may.'' At that, Singh crossed to her, placing a hand on each side of her face. ''Lady Lauren?'' he said, almost as if he couldn't believe it was true. ''My small lady?'' Lauren smiled and placed her hands about her hips, feigning independence. ''Not so small anymore, thank you kindly!'' They both laughed, and Singh picked her up, swinging her around in a circle, making Lauren giggle. Sir John caught sight of this. His oldest daughter, now his only living child, bonding more closely with a man who was not her father than with him. A tiny tear stood in his eye as he made his way to the kitchen to fetch his tea, calling Lobo after him. ''So I see,'' Singh said happily. ''Not small at all. It's good that you are here.'' ''Yes, well I wish I could say it's good to be back here,'' Lauren said, her smile fading. She caught Sir John just as he was escaping from her vantage point. Growing serious, she turned back to her father's faithful manservant. '' Has Mr. Conliffe been notified?'' ''Yes,'' Singh said, growing just as serious. ''He's come to stay with us for a time. Right now, he's out riding with the horses.'' ''Splendid,'' Lauren muttered to herself. She thought to herself, surely this is a test of endurance from God. Singh bowed his head in respect once more to her, and offered to take his leave so she could get settled in, but first asked if there was anything she needed. ''Yes,'' she said, somewhat hesitantly. ''Please, where are they keeping Beth's body?'' A half an hour's trip later, Lauren found herself with the local butcher, escorted by Singh. He had been instructed by Sir John to keep Bethany's body in the freezer until the funeral. She straightened her dress and sighed as she stepped out of the family carriage. This was definitely not the way she had planned to see her sister again. With a tortured look on her face, she made her way to the entrance of the freezer, with Singh right behind her. When she discovered his shadow though, Lauren turned on her heel, smiling at Singh, and placing a warm hand on his shoulder. ''Singh, please, could you stand off a little? I just need a moment alone with Beth.'' Reluctantly, he agreed. ''As you wish, Lady Lauren. But please- take this with you.'' Lauren looked down at Singh's hand to see he was offering her a handkerchief -his own handkerchief. Gladly she took it, whispering her thanks as she continued on alone. The butcher seemed rather ho-hum about having a dead body in his freezer, especially one of a young woman. However, he was not without a heart. Although Sir John had been instructed to bury the belongings she had on her with her, the butcher gave them to Lauren without a second thought. ''Seems a shame,'' he said, a heavy Irish accent in his voice. Lauren tipped her head and thanked him, now lifting Singh's handkerchief to her nose. Her focus shifted into the corner of the room, where a massive white sheet was covering a figure. Lauren pointed. ''Is this her?'' The butcher simply nodded his head. As she took a step closer, the butcher gently placed a hand on her arm. ''I wouldn't - uh -,'' he started, staring at the body. ''I mean, it's not something a young lady like you needs to see.'' A dark look came across Lauren's face -one that expressed a certain immunity to the dark things life has to give. ''Believe me, '' she said, a strict monotone in her voice. ''I've seen a lot of things in my life. I'll be fine, but thank you.'' She looked at the butcher's hand as he removed it from her arm, and gave her a look as if to say, 'As you wish.' Lauren walked to the table with Bethany's body on it, swallowing hard. She wondered for one shining moment if she should have taken the butcher's advice. But no, she had to see Bethany one last time, if for nothing else than to have some closure in knowing she was indeed dead. After hesitating a little, she steadied her hand and lifted the top of the sheet covering Bethany's face. Oh, how she wished she hadn't. The right side of her face was marred with claw marks, deep and gushing, running over to the left side. The skin on the left side of her face was practically non-existent, it was pretty much just down to the bone. Much of her upper body was been scratch and wounded as well, with much of the skin torn off completely and down to the bone as well. The most shocking thing, was Bethany's mouth -it had been left wide open, like she had died screaming. Overall, her body was so broken and bloodied, one could hardly tell it was once a person. Lauren gasped, dropping the handkerchief, and backing herself into the nearest wall. Her bottom lip shook with fear as she studied the horrendous sight. ''Beth,'' she whispered. Lauren knew her sister's body had been destroyed, but never in her wildest imaginings did she think it would look like this. Claw marks torn through her dress, body parts mauled, dislocated, and shredded, a look of complete horror on her face. No indeed, this was not the way she had imagined seeing her sister again. 'Oh my God,' Lauren thought, 'What happened to you?' ","Summary":" Hello everyone! So, I studied theatre in college, and one of the things that always fascinated me w"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"The Ghosts in the Fog","Author":"Petite09","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5774524","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ~*Author's Note*~ Writing and posting 'Under the Harvest Moon' has made me a little bold, and I'm not sure if that's a good thing. I went to see 'The Wolf Man' with my parents for my birthday and prior to leaving for South Beach I had this urge to write something. I will continue writing my other story but I want to build a new tale and I hope you all will enjoy it and will want to see more. This is a slow trial to build up to what I could write if there's enough interest. I love old horror movies, I love the Universal Monsters and Lon Chaney Jr. was a remarkable actor with or without the fur and so I have a soft spot for the remake though it was panned by almost everyone. Maybe this story will get better reviews, who knows. Without further adieu, I present 'Ghosts in the Fog' ***** From the pictures and the stories she had always known this place and yet had never physically set eyes on it, until now. She was aware of the eyes on her back gauging any reactions she would form, some laced with concern. But her duties dictated that she must make the trek and see what had haunted her dreams for so many years. The reconstruction of the west wing was progressing nicely even though she had never seen such destruction. What remained of the manor was absolutely inhabitable; however that end was under repair as well. She only blinked when the horse snorted, and when she turned a weathered face toward her, with haunted eyes. \"Your father is a coward to send a child to survey his cursed property for him,\" \"But someday it'll be mine so I should take the opportunity,\" The old woman twisted her deeply wrinkled face up into a tortured grimace, but suppressed the urge to argue. As her father said, old Mary Tillingham was just like the estate she despised—old, ruined and full of mystery that no one asked for. But she had always guided and protected her from the time of her birth, to when her mother was locked away until this present moment. There were speculations that Mary was as mad as a hatter yet none could deny how her devotion and wisdom had served to raise a remarkable young woman. However she had never managed to break Violet's unbelievable loyalty to her yellow-backed father, which greatly troubled the old nurse. Violet desired to rectify the blunders of her mother by yielding to her father's whims that proved incredibly outputting. Sending her at barely eighteen years old to act as a proxy on his venture was one of several occasions where he neglected his responsibilities. None of this ever offended Violet for she knew the horrors the man had suffered, how his wife had tormented him during her illness and gave no qualms about her dedication. As she lifted her skirt away from the gravel driveway and approached the front door, she felt something heavy clinging to her as if hands were grasping her arms and invisibly guiding her forward. The smell of earth and new stone mingling with the old foundation assaulted her nostrils. So familiar, she mused, this place that drew her like a moth to a flame; so much so she thought her hand would feel heat when she grasped the large iron handle. Only then did she notice the slight trembling in her fingers, but they stilled the moment she pushed the door back, letting it swing away and reveal a dark front parlor. The only illumination available was from the newly restored glass window further along the vestibule. Talbot Hall. \"You needn't do this child, you can leave this unholy land now and we can continue on as planned. Remember?\" Violet ignored the matronly plea and took her first bold steps over the threshold and turned to look back at the coach. A small smile crept over her lips as she sought to reassure her elderly companion of well-being. Nothing to worry about was the silent mantra that she silently chanted as she pulled off her kidskin gloves and twirled around to take in this part of the house, but remained aware that she could not venture too far. There was more to see of the grounds, more to examine and enjoy all the pleasantries a district called Blackmoor could offer. Blackmoor had become an even more isolated enclave in Llanwelly than the last time Mary had dared tramp through its foggy plains. But for Violet this would be more than a discarded errand pressed upon her by her father. No, she was determined to have an adventure, the one that had beckoned to her for as long as she could remember. Her tutor, Mr. Harris had explained, despite a quiet unease that stinted his voice, that she was a distant relative of the Talbots. This gave the legal property rights to fall to her father and ultimately to her. Someday she would own the biggest estate in the area and would profit greatly from its livestock or if she wished its sale. That thought left a coppery taste in her mouth, as if to speak it was an evil let alone think it. The door which led to the piano room was left ajar and she quickly slipped inside before Mary could forbade her. The room, as Mr. Harris had conveyed had been horribly damaged due to a fire that spread to engulf much of the house. But the room felt so right to her as if she belonged within its walls and when she looked to the oversized hearth, her disappointment at not seeing anything over the mantelpiece was baffling. Something should be there but she couldn't decide what; perhaps a coat of arms or maybe a prized sword. She took a few closer steps and placed a dainty hand to the marble and yet her eyes never left that empty space. A cold sweat broke out across her brow and she felt her throat dry suddenly, all simultaneous with her racing heart beat. Alarmed she stepped back before a flash of light struck across her eyes, blinding her in seconds but still her mind conjured the image of a frame. As soon as the light came it left her and stole her breath away. The ornate picture frame was on fire and she could feel the heat on her skin, smell the burning canvas and the smoke choked her. \"Dear God, child! The air in here is stale, come with me.\" Mary was upon her before she could react and she gave no protest when the old woman began dragging her back into the vestibule and out into the open air. \"How could the air be stale? They had long since opened the house and begun repairing it,\" Mr. Harris leapt down from his position next to the driver to inquire about his charge. He was at her side within seconds and pulled her away from Mary long enough to help her into the cabin of the coach and then assisted the governess. Violet's coughing had subsided and yet that didn't stop her distressed chaperones from taking a seat beside her. \"I just don't understand—\" \"Harris, you must know that a few open doors and windows will not purify the air in that house. The air here, the air in Blackmoor carries putrid particles like the death angel in Egypt.\" Mary retorted as she blotted Violet's moist forehead with her handkerchief. \"We will continue on to our rooms at the inn and get settled,\" Mr. Harris determined as he tapped the roof of the coach to signal the driver. \"I believe that is quite enough excitement for one day, yes?\" ******** Mary sipped her ale slowly, taking the bitter taste in and tried to discern whether or not she enjoyed it or not. With that same crooked grimace she set the tin cup down and looked to the plate adjacent to her own and found it barely touched. The grimace curled as she snapped two gnarled fingers, drawing the young woman's attention. Violet gave a blush and an apologetic smile before snatching up her fork and began to slowly consume the local cuisine. Much recovered from her episode her appetite had fallen second to her abundant curiosity. Harris had gone to secure their luggage was promptly delivered to the Howling Man inn and was meandering about, to get a feel of the community. They were scheduled to remain in Blackmoor for two weeks and then take a train to the coast and sail west. Violet had initially thought relocating to America for a three month visit would be the highlight of her spring, but this damp rural topography interested her far more. While Mary resumed her drink she found nothing inviting about the place, especially in a dark tavern. The curious and suspicious eyes put her on alert but Violet found everything quaint and picturesque, so different from the animated and teeming streets of London. She was oblivious of the whispers and the movements of the men and women gathered, but Mary's eyes blared back into her possible opponents with the same intensity. She noticed how the bar wench had grudgingly taken their order and served with a cold stare, and to Mary their behavior was simply un-Christian. \" God-damn Talbots, cur-sed murderin' lot! \" Violet blinked her gray eyes and lowered her fork to her beans and turned her head in the direction of the voice. In a distant corner where the swinging candle chandelier make only one leg visible, the voice croaked and slurred again. \"The last fuckin' thing that Blackmoor needs is more damn bloody Talbots! \" Mary was already to her feet, like a boxer prepared to throw the first punch when another man rose and ordered silence from the offending man. With a scoff the man in the corner extended his arm and grasped a crutch and struggled to stand only to stumble forward and smash against the floor boards. Violet instinctively hurried over to assist only to have that same filthy arm lash out at her, barely missing her as the crippled man roared to be left alone. Lying on his belly he thrashed about before two other gentlemen visiting the tavern gathered up the drunk and pulled him away. Only then did she understand that alcohol had not alone hindered him and his disabilities far more extensive than she realized. A war veteran she assumed for how else could a man have but one arm and one leg? Her nurse pulled her away and began directing her toward the exit when a woman blocked their path. The bar wench that had acted so distant when serving their meals, was standing with her hands on her bony hips. Her eyes looked large and her face sunken which exaggerated her stare, with thin lips pulled into a tight line that caused Violet to wonder for a moment if she would speak at all. \"You're to blame for what happened to that man,\" the woman accused through clenched rotted teeth, \"Eighteen years ago he was a promising barrister and now he's become nothing but a shell of a human being.\" \"What has a child to do with the tragedies of a man she'd never set eyes on in her life?\" Mary inquired as she placed two hands on either of her charge's shoulders. \"Talbots were and are responsible for every miserable occurrence in Blackmoor, the worse being nearly two decades ago.\" A few heads nodded and people mumbled their agreement. \"I'm not a Talbot , I'm a Pierce and I've never been here before,\" Violet interjected as she took a step forward. The bar wench raised her chin higher at the challenge and grunted as she reiterated her claims and announced that the name itself meant nothing, not when Violet had Talbot blood running through her veins. Confused Violet began to question her accuser as to what role a relative of hers would play in severing a man's limbs. The very idea was preposterous and if so many people didn't believe it, she would also say laughable; she pondered as to what other misfortunes and atrocities had been attached to the Talbot family by these backward villagers. Before she could ask Mary was bidding everyone a terse goodnight and hastily pushing her inquisitive woman-child around the bar wench and out into the street. \"What rubbish these people eat with their evening meal,\" Violet exclaimed as they settled into a walk. \"Can you believe those yokels would say and believe such ridiculous claims? Honestly people like that will bring down the Empire.\" Mary did not respond and led her charge to the inn with the intentions of informing Mr. Harris what had happened; not only that there were other more pressing situations that required their undivided attention. She made a mental note to see Violet tucked away in her bed before she met with the tutor. They would meet out of earshot of everyone and therefore the tavern was not possible when all eyes of the community were upon them. She was sure the tutor would either dispel her words as trite and fantastical or he would absorb them and help convince Violet that Talbot Hall was no place for a lovely young woman. The young woman in question was still seething under the weight of the accusations that had been unjustly launched at her. She assumed Mary would shrug off what had just transpired as just the ravings of frightened, prejudiced and ignorant people who had never travelled beyond the town limits. Violet was prepared for her to quill all the shadows that could spark oddity or cause her young mind to be filled with nonsense. But she was jolted from her thoughts when the familiar whine of a house sounded behind them. Mr. Harris rode up alone with the coach sporting a strained countenance, one that matched her governess. He offered no greetings when the horses halted and wordlessly their eyes met, confirming that he had also received a cold welcome. Moments later they were back in the interior and the horses were at full gallop, the direction they took was clearly toward Talbot Hall and she felt a usual calm settling over her, as if she were heading home. She rationalized it as a welcome reprieve from the narrow-minded residents that frequented the town. The words of the bar wench had uttered were laced with passion and hatred and the looks of disdain on the patrons alarmed her. Naturally she wished to know what would cause so many people to fear her arrival or a singular family. What had happened nearly twenty years ago had obviously rocked Blackmoor to its core and left all who survived either physically or mentally scarred. \"We will spend the night in Talbot Hall and I'm afraid it will be the first of many nights and days until we can contact your father and find better lodging.\" \"Better lodging?\" Violet asked, one soft dark brow raised. \"Talbot hall is nearly complete and quite inhabitable. The bedrooms are newly furnished and the beds are mad and there is food stored. In fact the whole point of coming here was to reside at the estate, not go—\" \" This place is not safe for anyone! \" Mary screeched. \"Where we are going seems to be the lesser of two evils, at the moment and the security that the estate provides will keep the local lunatics out. But what lurks within…\" The elderly woman's voice dropped to a low whisper with the last statement and she looked away to gaze out the window of the coach, signaling that no more was to be said on the subject. Though anxiety to question her further boiled in her veins, Violet respected the silence that stretched between them. She silently swore an oath to herself that she would uncover all that this town and that estate was hiding, whether her guardians cared or not. Nearly thirty minutes passed before Mary decided to speak and when she did she used a tone that required nothing but quiet acceptance from Violet. \"Tomorrow I will interview new members of the staff, including a cook, scullery maids, a butler and the like. They will remain here even when we have made a return to one of your father's homes in Bath or London. You are to not interrupt these proceedings unless necessary and Mr. Harris will be assisting me. I suggest either the gardens or better yet the library as suitable locations for you to occupy.\" Violet made no move to protest and again the women resumed their silence. The rising stone crests of Talbot Hall were within sight and the young women felt the tug of a smile on her lips and flutter in her chest. As if eager to see a loved one that drew her thoughts at every turn that caused her great pain to be separated. She wanted to leap from the carriage entirely and sprint the rest of the distance into its foggy embrace. Never having the benefit of male companionship on intimate levels she had little to personally compare this sensation, yet this didn't change these urges to curl into the belly of this house and find the solace that had long eluded her. Only when she felt the cool temperature of the glass window did she see her breath clouding and her forehead was pressed against it. If Mary had said anything she was truly oblivious and when she thought her chest would explode under the pressure of her heart beat, the softest of airs flowed across her ear, like someone whispering to her. Though she was sure a started response would be appropriate, the effect was quite different for she settled back into the seat and gave a great sigh of what felt remarkably like relief. There was something more than curses and bad air swirling around Talbot Hall and she did not believe it meant her harm. On the contrary she felt very welcome. ***** I don't own the Wolf Man story, neither '41 nor '10, thank you![Chapter 2] ~*Author's Note*~ I want to thank everyone one for the abundance of support that has been shown for this story to continue. I haven't gotten many reviews which is disappointing but understandable since people may want to see where I'm going with this until reviewing. But there have been favorites and story alerts and it just keeps me excited. I'm collaborating with my brother on how to carry out the story line and he's keeping things fresh and exciting for me so I hope you all will enjoy the end result. ***** The library had sustained damage from the fire and subsequent neglect from years of abandonment but now new volumes lined the new shelves, many having accumulated in her father's private study. But the majority of the books had never been read but was merely to give the illusion of an erudite mind with a thirst for varied genres and subjects. Roland Pierce was relieved to be rid of such literary clutter to make room for more because he always had to appear to be abreast of the newest compositions. Usually after dinner Violet would sit at her father's knee on a small cushion like a lap dog and read aloud from the books and he would regurgitate what he had heard when amongst his peers. Obviously this was wrong but it gave Violet access to all sorts of stories and studies that otherwise would be prohibited to a girl her age. Indeed reading about the virtues of motherhood was rather humdrum next to one of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's latest publications or a scholarly journal provided by the Royal Society of Science. But none of this held nearly as much allure as that mausoleum. She had no access to family records and she was sure that a trip to the town notary was out of the question. Her anxiety was building to explore it up close but Mary wouldn't hesitate to box her ears if she slipped away in the middle of the day. The interest for employment had brought about ten people to their door for varying positions and she doubted any would be turned away. An estate the size of Talbot Hall required an extensive staff to turn into a thriving and profitable investment. Still Violet actually wished fewer people had come for that would free her guardians sooner. And though the grounds were nearly complete the gardens was nothing but weeds and overgrown shrubbery. So the library was her only option and she felt like she was suffocating. Usually she cradled the books in her possession with the utmost care but her nerves caused her to toss aside her copy of Cicero and pace the imported rug. Despite the significance of having the trust of her father to take on such responsibility she was still looked upon as a child, incapable of mature thinking or solitude with some supervision. Secretly she resented all of it, even requiring Mary's assistance lacing up her undergarments and putting on her shoes. No doubt at least two maids would be assigned to constantly bath, feed and clothe her as if she were an infant. \"I have every right to survey these grounds if I so wish.\" With that she was grabbing the white lace shawl lying across the arm of one antique high back chair and drew it on about her shoulders. Beyond the remains of the garden was a long reflecting pool and further back the mausoleum. The shade of the vegetation would provide excellent cover should anyone look from the door or window. Furthermore she had no intentions to try and pry her way into the sealed tomb, not even she was that bold. In her dark blue cotton day dress with fewer ruffles than her more upscale garments, she didn't feel the chill of the air that plagued this area and soon she was closing the double doors behind her and trotting down the flat stone path that led down a small hill. \"This will probably be a grand place to have a picnic one they hire a proper gardener,\" Violet mused aloud as she took in the ruined beauty of the oxidized fountain. The water had long since stopped spurting from the Grecian statuary and the pool was filled with dead leaves. As she knelt down with a careful arrangement of her skirts and ran her fingers along the edge of the stone. In a second a wind lifted up from the west and pushed against her with a force that sent her huddling to the fountain. Seeds from the clusters of weeds flew into the air, captured and twirled around her even as she swatted them away. When a normal breeze would have ebbed, this one pressed her relentlessly and only when she cried out did it gradually being to dissipate. Her chest rose and fell like that of a rabbit and when she looked up from her folded arms, a gasp tore from her lips. The garden had been transformed from a desolate and bleak space to a colorful and vibrant haven. The box hedges were full and neatly clipped and the flowers sprang out proudly with fresh blooms and heady perfume. As her eyes surveyed the miracle, she leapt away from the fountain. The statues glinted a brilliant gold as nymphs poured small cascades from stone jars into a working pool. With a tremor she crawled to the pool's edge and saw her own reflection staring back at her, as if the leaves had never been there at all. This place looked as if no one had ever abandoned this place but had lovingly tended to the garden to cultivate a wonderland of a sanctuary. But this was definitely a dream for she had just seen the sadness that punctuated every nook and cranny, yet with a quick wipe at her eyes she couldn't dismiss the hallucination. Uncertain of what could cause such an apparition, she thrust her index finger into the pool and snatched it out, her pupils dilating as she found clear moisture on the tip. \"Impossible,\" she whispered in astonishment. Again she reached into the water and with more boldness, she swirled her hand in the cool liquid, sending ripples through it and it glistened in the sun as if jewels sat at the bottom. Violet couldn't suppress the smile that had lurked under the surface, this place was truly breathtaking and the evidence of his validity was drying on her hand. Her first thought was to find Mary and Mr. Harris and bring them to this magical place and let them stand witness. But as she rose to leave, intending to return immediately yet was struck to stillness as two small boys with their chins resting on their arms as they meet her gaze with amused expressions. They looked like angels dressed in white shirts and their dark eyes sparkled beneath their black wind-swept hair. Above them stood a woman with a countenance that matched the boys, presumably their mother. Dressed in a white dress with wide sleeves and a round hoop skirt, the raven-haired beauty appeared regal, yet personable. Her red lips curled in a smile, as if she knew something—something Violet should now. \" Violet! \" Her head snapped away and turned to the double doors and found Mary standing at the perch of the stair. \"Mary, oh, I'm so glad you came out here!\" Violet exclaimed as she jumped to her feet. \"Look at how beautiful—\" Violet turned back to the fountain and felt the air hitch in her throat and a hand flew to her chest. The glorious garden with lush fruits of spring and a serene-working fountain had reverted back to a dismal lot. She turned about in disbelief and dropped to her knees by the pool and again found it dry and covered in rotting foliage. Mary looked on with a scrunched face as the girl rushed about as if she'd lost something of great importance. Violet mumbled and ran her fingers through her loose tresses with the most distressed appearance. \"Child what has gotten into you?\" \" The garden! It's…Mary if you had seen how much it looked like a—\" \"A nursery for crabgrass and weeds?\" Mary interjected, crossing her arms. \"No, no, no. There were flowers and the lawns were manicured, the fountain worked and glittered. And then there was a woman and two small boys, they were just here Mary, I swear to you it was all here!\" Mary blinked and swallowed hard as the young woman attempted in vain to recount what she had seen. She listened and stepped forward and all tried to appear sympathetic and believing when internally she felt a sense of eerie foreboding and fear was coiling in her stomach. Fresh tears were rising in those gray eyes that she knew so well and when she embraced her charge, she swore an oath to see Violet safely back in London as soon as their two weeks had ended. She shushed the girl down and swayed with her against her chest as she'd done so many times before. \"You believe me don't you? I saw it all Mary, you know I wouldn't lie about this sort of thing.\" \"I believe you, child, but you must know that fretting won't help. You should come lie down for a while Mr. Harris concludes the last of the interviews. This place is full of questions with no answers and it had too many memories. That and Mr. Harris has been offering you sweet meats without having a proper meal…\" Wiping her eyes, Violet looked away from her governess as she chastised her while offering a comforting shoulder to cry on. Only Mary, she thought and allowed the old woman to lead her away with great reluctance. She continued to steal glances back at the garden as if willing the miracle to return. So engulfed was she in trying to summon the impossible she did not see the deeply strained look that contorted Mary's weathered features. As she guided the distraught girl back through the corridors and up the stairs, the governess pondered the frantic but sincere words her charge had said and felt that sense of dread, the one that had sprouted when she first learned of their coming here, expand. The descriptions were strangely similar to the memories that she had thought long banished. But Talbot Hall didn't want to forget its history no matter how unfortunate, and Violet, already overly sensitive was acting as a gateway. Mary swore quietly under her breath as she thought of how many days remained before they could leave. She honestly would rather subject Violet to the trials of the Season in London than to have the unknown toy with an innocent in her care. \"There, there child, you should lie down and place these troubled thoughts aside and rest before lunch. It's almost time for your noonday nap anyway.\" \"But the garden—\" \"Is off limits until they fix it up,\" Mary chirped with an authoritative tone. \"And tomorrow I will have a doctor sent to examine you to make sure you are not coming down with anything.\" \" I'm not sick, Mary! There was woman and two small boys and they disappeared. The woman I've seen before but I can't place her or her name. This is all so frustrating.\" Mary's response was to gently force the girl onto the settee of her sitting room adjacent to her suite and softly demanded silence and slumber. The threat in the old nurse's eyes quelled the argument and a defeated Violet snuggled into the cream colored cushions and pillows as a blanket was drafted over her. This conversation would have continued had that look and a powerful yawn not stifled her. Her normal routine and the excitement were overwhelming, but her resolve to investigate the mausoleum and the garden were undeterred. ***** By the way, the mystery woman has a dress from the 1860s, the Wolfman actually takes place in the late 1880s, early 1890s and since this takes place approximately eighteen years later, my story happens in the 1910s probably 1911 or 1912. So picture the fashions of the characters in this order by way of these characters: Scarlett O'Hara (1860s), Mina Harker (Winona Ryder) in Dracula (1880s-90s) and for Violet's clothes think Rose Dewitt Bukater (Kate Winslet) in Titanic (1910s). I just want to give a good reference point for when you're imagining my characters. XOXO[Chapter 3] ~*Author's Note*~ This chapter will not have a lot of action but you will meet new characters that will have an impact on the story. I've never written mystery-oriented stories with suspense until this year and I'm still flexing my muscles with this genre. I will write the next chapter that will have actual action IF I get at least five reviews. I can't give away what Violet will encounter at the mausoleum but I assure you that there will be no room for disappointment. *wink* The next three days had been a blur of orchestrated distractions to keep her away from her adventure, that was undeniable and despicable in Violet's eyes. A flurry of activity had burst into the house with new staff acquainting themselves with the property, rules and their tasks. She had only a few moments to receive their thanks and her acknowledgements before the doctor arrived. Mary gave a carefully abridged version of events and the physician, who usually attended nothing but country bumpkins, determined the ailment derived from too much literary indulgence. Violet had fought not to rip the man's bushy eyebrows from his forehead as he berated her on the waste of scholarly periodicals on those of the fairer sex. From there the new butler, a Mr. A.L Hermann had ordered only feminine magazines be permitted into her suites until recovery. Violet had tossed them aside and scoffed at the articles, all written by men on the virtues and anatomical responsibilities of the women. \"Our monarch is a queen— a woman yet these charlatans insult us left and right. This one claims that reading too much will draw blood from a lady's reproductive organs. More blood to the brain leads to barren wombs and 'the end of our God-given civilization'.\" Sally, the mousy young woman with the tendency to shuffle between her feet when nervous, dodged the flimsy magazine that acted as an unintentional projectile. Within seconds the new maid assigned specifically to Violet was scurrying about the floor, collecting the scattered papers and attempted to sort the mess. Her limp pale brown hair was matted to her head as she perspired in the itchy woven gray dress she wore. Though considerably excited to find employment, Sally was finding her mistress far different from the stuffy matrons she normally assisted. Violet had an energy in her eyes and spirit that was both refreshing and alarming, and the twenty year old woman prayed for the strength to keep up with her new responsibilities. The entire morning had revolved around the bouts of a continuous shouting match between the irate Miss Pierce and the head of staff, Mr. Hermann. He had barred Violet from the library and demanded she remain sequestered for a week, to her chagrin. \" Pure rubbish! I'm no invalid but a vivacious woman ready to take on the world yet I don't have free reign of my own house. Mary and Mr. Harris dared to leave that ogre in charge while they flee to London. Meanwhile I am left in a house full of strangers—no offense Sally.\" \"None taken, mum.\" replied Sally as she stuck her head up from behind the settee. \"Oh don't call me that, at least not when we're alone. Violet is fine.\" A small impish smile surfaced on the servant's face and she gave a nod, fighting the urge to take full liberty of the invitation and embrace her employer. Her last position had led to her being beaten with a riding crop for breaking a saucer; Violet didn't carry herself with a haughty air. \"We shall be friends, Sally, you needn't worry about that. But we can expedite the process by you burning all of that tawdry trash and never let my eyes settle on any of it again.\" Sally's watery blue eyes sparkled with humor as the two erupted in laughter. While Violet buried her face in her pillows, Sally, having just neatly stacked the mass of paper gave into her mistress' spontaneity and threw them into the air with a vibrant fit of giggles. Instantly the two girls were locked in heated combat, throwing papers at one another as the sound of their merrymaking echoed down the corridor. Not since she was a child living in the northern counties had the maid had the opportunity to give into her inhibitions, so engrossed was she in her duties of servitude. Violet was simply happy to have a companion of kindred spirits and age; though her love for Mary was boundless, her nurse couldn't keep up with her at times. But a knock at the door stilled their childish banter and before Violet could permit the intruder, the door open and the wide-bellied butler stepped forward. Sally instinctively withdrew into herself and wrung her hands as his round mouth expelled orders and demanded respectable behavior expected of a young woman. The barb was not lost on Violet and a fire rose from her gut and lit up her brilliant gray eyes. \"How dare you enter my chamber without my say and scold my maid without cause or provocation?\" \"She is under my supervision and has chores to complete,\" he snarled back, showing his yellowed teeth. A ghost of herself, Sally gave a quick curtsey and slipped from the room as if she'd never entered. The change had occurred so fast that it startled Violet to see the life practically drained by a single word. Hermann lifted one white brow at Violet's disheveled appearance with her ebony tresses falling wildly around her, her face flushed and her nightgown and robe wrinkled. Her response was to lift her chin and narrow her cat-like eyes to counter the butler's bravado. \"Remember sir, you are under my employment and you will not look upon me with disdain when it is I who control your position here at Talbot Hall.\" \"Yes, madam you have a great deal of sway, but it is not you who is my employer—but your father.\" With that the fat balding oaf that barged into her suite unannounced left under the same fashion. Violet bit her bottom lip until she feared she'd draw blood and suppressed a growl. But his words were undeniable and she had hours to wait before she could report Hermann's insubordination to Mary and Mr. Harris. Their mission to implore her father to recall her was futile, Violet knew and they were wasting time trying to persuade him. They're main point of argument surrounded her health and safety, something she vehemently denied was a real issue. What she had seen was not the product of too much reading or bad air, despite her nurse's opinion. In one motion she leapt from the bed and rushed to the window and took in the sight of the mausoleum, the one that had beckoned her from the moment she first laid eyes upon it. She had adhered to Mary's prohibition of the outer grounds due to possible hazards of an unkempt lawn, and the crumbling stone pathways and statuaries. But with the voice of authority, one of the only two she actually obeyed, being not within miles led to a mischievous grin lifting the side of her mouth. Gazing over her shoulder at the antique clock sitting on the mantelpiece, she saw the hour was nearing three. The lessons Mr. Harris had left for her to complete for the day were finished and at six she would sup alone in her room. Afterwards she would be dressed for bed and was expected to retire to for the night. The household would settle into their quarters and that would give her the prime opportunity to slip out under the cover of darkness. Violet licked her lips that had suddenly gone dry and pushed herself away from the window and clasped her necklace in a silent prayer. She had no desire to enter the tomb, but wished to surround herself with the 'aura' of her distant relatives, something her mother had always advocated. How else would the house accept her if she did not offer gifts and libations to the previous owners? In that moment she wished her mother was at her side, not rotting away in bedlam, surely she would have ventured out with her. But her heretical ways had lost their novelty in her father's eyes and he saw his exotic wife more of an embarrassment and liability than an asset. For whatever reason her father had not thought his daughter deserved the same fate, and Mary speculated it was the likelihood of a pairing with a wealthy man that kept her safe. \"What a strange thing family is,\" she whispered as she squeezed the purple charm. \"Tonight my curiosity will be quenched.\" ***** One eye remained closed as she endured the incessant tugging at invisible knots and tangles in her hair, but she didn't have the heart to snatch the ornate silver brush from Sally's hand. The maid's tongue stuck to the side of her mouth as she moved through the thick silken locks, hoping to do her task properly. Only when the brush was safely back on the marble top of the vanity did Violet breathe a sigh of relief, and made a silent oath to have only Mary attend her toilet and hairstyling. The shuffling resumed and Violet knew she would have to provide the maid with constant positive reinforcement, or resort to committing Sally to the same asylum where her mother was kept. \"Excellent work, Sally, but I think Mary should continue this particular job,\" Violet assured as she took a trembling hand into her own. \"Mustn't offend the old goat by having her see your expertise, she's sensitive that way.\" A quick smile and a wink extracted a great sigh from the maid and Violet looked heavenward with inaudible thanks. Sally, dressed in a generic cotton gown and her long hair swept in a large braid over her shoulder, prepared her mistress for bed though she found her position more ceremonial than practical. Violet was not opposed to laying out her own clothes, making her own tea and a myriad of other little chores assigned to the hired help. Increasingly Sally found within a matter of days that she admired a woman unafraid to lower herself to earth and pull her own weight. But if she didn't prove her usefulness she would find herself penniless on the streets wishing Violet would let her put on her shoes. \"Mark my words I will see Mr. Hermann on the road away from this place. He's such a beastly man, a true monster,\" \"Can you really do that? No one on the staff seems to care for him and he won't let us make pleasant conversation at meals or while performing our duties.\" Sally exclaimed, her small mouth twisting up in disgust. \"I hope I can, or I'll get a big dog and sic him on that big bullfrog.\" As always they giggled together and mused on how peaceful and comfortable life at Talbot Hall would be with certain people no longer frequenting it. Their antics continued unabated until something caught Sally's eyes and she froze with a pillow in hand. She was only brought from her waking coma when a larger feather pillow crashed against her face. Caught off guard she fell onto the armchair as continued to stare in the direction of the window. Violet grabbed another pillow, of which she had five more to utilize as a weapon and prepared to launch them when she noticed the peculiar expression on the maid's face. \"What's got you captivated? Don't pretend to be not paying attention and then try to hit me, I'm too smart for—\" \"Mistress! I-I mean, Violet… look there !\" Furrowing her brow she saw her friend lift a finger and pulled her pillow with her as she approached, and followed Sally's line of sight. Narrowing her eyes and drawing closer to the glass she dropped the fluffy item and grasped her necklace. From beyond the garden amongst the swirling gray mists, she could see the clear glow of several lanterns gliding in fast procession. Like large fireflies dancing in the tall grass she watched them, instantly knowing where these trespassers were heading. \"W-who are they?\" Sally squeaked as she clasped her mistress' arm. \"I don't know but they are drawing closer to the mausoleum,\" \"What? Who would go there in the dead of night?\" Violet smiled inwardly at the question as she toyed with her charm and saw the dome of the tomb bathed in bright moonlight, making the structure look even more foreboding. The full moon gave the intruders visually more access to their destination but enough darkness permeated to conceal them in the midst; but the lanterns would draw the attention of anyone looking. Mentally Violet scoffed at the security of the estate and swore to have better protection for the grounds. \"Do you think they're grave robbers? Body snatchers? I've heard of how people steal the dead and sell them for awful experimentations. Ungodly it all is.\" \"It's possible they are after something like that, but I sure will not stand by when people desecrate sacred ground and dare cross on my land!\" Sally blinked as she registered what her brazen companion had just declared, and when she blinked again, Violet was already tying the sash on her robe. \"You can't go out there at this hour, practically naked to confront ghouls and miscreants,\" Sally cried as she surveyed Violet's flowing entire that covered her arms and descended passed her ankles. \"You could be killed and I won't have that.\" Violet gave the maid a stern look as she pulled on her satin slippers, but her face softened when she saw the tears welling up in the maid's eyes. The two had become somewhat close in the short time they found themselves in each other's company, and the genuine concern touched her. But she had already intended to take a bottle of wine and her prayer book to give a proper salutation to the deceased. Now she was about to engage in something far more exhilarating, something adventurous and tears would not act as a barrier to her ambitions. \"Listen Sally, I will not draw attention to myself and if these men are intending something devious then they'll have me to contend with,\" Her words only drove Sally's face into her hands and sobbed anew. With a heavy sigh the lionheart and the mouse embraced and Violet asked for ten minutes, twenty at the maximum once she reached the stairs of the mausoleum. Should she not return in that time Sally was to alert the men and have them come after her. Only when Sally whimpered a promise did Violet press a kiss to her friend's forehead and swore that no harm would come and no tears were necessary. \"Remember, twenty minutes at the most and when you see how I've whipped those scoundrels and sent them running like scolded dogs, you'll have a good laugh.\" Another kiss found Sally's cheek and soon all the frightened woman saw was the air captured in Violet's ghostly sheer shirts. Tremors racked the poor wretch and she rushed to the vanity and seized the brush and mumbled a prayer in a shrunken voice. Sally worried her lip as she returned to the window just in time to see Violet's slight form glide out, disturbing the thick mists. With her free hand she gave her tear-drenched eyes a good rubbing but she ultimately decided it was a mere trick of the light. The mists were not enveloping Violet like long silvery fingers and arms to curl around her like a loved one's hold—no it was just the moon. ***** Special thanks to TalbotWolf, The Song of Luthien, Purrrrfectpixie, LittleMargarita, Dramatic Ballerina and BlackBaccaraRose for your reviews they give me such joy to read them. The next chapter will be dedicated to you all and it will give you something you can really sink your teeth into…insert evil maniacal laughter here.[Chapter 4] ~*Author's Note*~ I'm posting after what has been a rough year with the lost of the matriarch of my family who peacefully passed away at the age of 90. Now that I have a career and I've dealt with my loss I want to find the time to enjoy my life and continue with my compositions. I mean if I'm anything like her I'll have a long time to share but that's no reason to keep you waiting! Warning there are some graphic scenes but I know you'll enjoy! The damp wind wiped around her and the dew-drenched grass soaked the hemline of her gown and robe, but she continued on. Her loose ebony locks fanned out behind her and she could see her breath puff and vanish before her face. A distinct chill seeped under the thin fabric of her clothes but it was a relief to her heated flesh. With each step she drew closer to the line of lanterns that was clustering at the stone steps. There was the mumble of voices and the clanking of iron, the sound of desperation resounded amid the whispers. These men were clearly trying to break into the inner chamber where the deceased members of the Talbot family lay withered and decayed in their eternal slumber. Violet hoped these men were rational enough to heed her warning to abandon their plans and to vacate the premises. Otherwise she wished they had sense enough to not harm a lady. Her pace slowed as she began to draw closer to the mausoleum and took in what she might actually encounter. These strange men may be anxious, unbalanced and obviously had little to no respect for the dead. Sally may have had good reason to be afraid she thought but she was already closing in on the large overgrown box hedges. She knelt down beside them and extracted the charm from around her breast and kissed it. Inside the purple stone was a miniature silver cross and thought of her mother as she uttered a prayer for strength—and survival. \"This is my land, I'll not see madmen desecrate what is to be held in reverence.\" Violet whispered as she peered through the hedge and took a closer look. One man with a cap low over his forehead with a short coat and filthy trousers was trying to pry apart the double doors with a crowbar. Another man stood to the side of him, of similar dress but held a lantern up to give the first man light. Four men, two with rifles and the others with pistols meandered around to keep guard; Violet noted their locations carefully and was wearied to startle them. But the rest, being about three or four sat on the stone steps drinking and rolling cigarettes in a most casual fashion. \"Eh, hold the light still , will ya?\" \"Sorry, Mason, sorry.\" The man wielding the crowbar, Mason, was of a strong and brawny build and as he cast of his coat he revealed large round arms barely contained in his dingy white shirt. He appeared the leader of this motley crew of ghouls for he shouted orders to the others, demanding they stay sharp and seize a slimmer iron instrument. From Violet's position she saw how they had broken the large padlock that held the doors but they remained sealed. \"Why won't it open?\" \"The fucking thing is cursed , the whole fucking place is fucking cursed . The fucking ghosts don't fucking want us fucking with it ,\" Violet's ears stung under the weight of the scoundrel's obscenities but he was soon overpowered by the draw of the rim of a brown glass bottle to his lips. These men were easily the best and finest Blackmoor had to offer the Empire, the ale-guzzling monstrosities who were probably the product of inbreeding and paranoia, and they found their amusement in grave robbing. She assumed that the lack of cranial prowess gave way to physical strength, hence why Mason was still prying at the doors. He grunted and swore until he gave a triumphant gasp and suddenly the men were animated and all gathered about the door. They blocked her view but soon parted to help Mason pull the heavy doors apart. The stone doors groaned and scraped until there was enough room for the ringleader to get his broad shoulders through but all were met with a rush of air. Mason gave an annoyed glance over his shoulder at the sound of their coughing and ordered they seize the lanterns. He did not wait to see if they obeyed, for it was given that they would and with a crowbar still in hand he crossed the threshold. Some of the men eagerly followed him while others argued over the formalities of who would enter first, daring one another and testing one another's masculinity. Only when two were left outside and they realized they were alone in the eerie darkness did they hurry along. Violet had easily lost track of the minutes and she was sure that Sally was raising a small battalion to rush in to her rescue. Common sense would dictate, nay demand she slip back while out of danger of being seen, then tell the men to come straight away and send one to summon the closest available constable. But the urge to see what these men were truly up to was far more seductive. Clutching handfuls of her gown and robe, she moved around the hedges and crept up to the side of the stairs. From there she saw nothing, no lights and it occurred to her that the mausoleum was far larger than she'd previously thought. The dampness of her clothes was growing cold with the fabric tangling around her ankles and her slippers were ruined. She was actually more afraid of the consequences of when Ms. Tillingham discovered her soiled garments and footwear than confronting a band of ruffians in the middle of the night. Looking over her shoulder where the full moon hung luminous and almost foreboding but she couldn't resist the temptation to proceed. If she succeeded she could resign herself to the dismal prison of marriage and child-rearing, she should at least have the opportunity to taste danger and not spit it out. If men could live this freely and foolishly then why could she not have a sliver of that experience this once? However every fiber of her being screamed and demanded that she backtrack now before she was discovered but she summoned her courage, or the residue thereof and crawled away from her spot and slipped across the cold stone until she entered the inner sanctuary of the crypt. Mementos and shrines were sitting in dusty archways carved from the walls and spiders and rodents had claimed most of the space including the ancient coffins that resided there. In the center of the room was a sarcophagus; licking her lips that had gone dry, she rose to her feet and took in the delicately fashioned effigy of a woman lying on her side, her unseeing pupils bore into Violet's. But not a particle of dirt clung to this woman's final resting place. The lovely effigy, though made of marble, almost appeared breathing and none of the buffoons dared touch her, their reverence was surprising yet understandable. Above the dome of the tomb was opened to silver moonlight that bathed the woman in its glow and Violet took a step back as she sucked in air roughly, realizing that she had already made this woman's acquaintance. Her mind flashed to the burning portrait over the restored mantle and the apparition in the garden. This woman's beauty had haunted her and now Violet took into herself the reality that something was desperately wrong with Talbot Hall. \"What happened to you that you would leave such an impression on this estate? Who were you?\" She knelt down and peered at the etching in the stone and discovered the name, 'Olivia Talbot'. \" Beloved wife, devoted mother and mistress of Talbot Hall ,\" Violet read aloud in a whisper. As she pondered all of this in the background she could hear the men's carousing further along until it erupted with the sound of drunken victory and the clang of iron against iron. She brushed her fingertips across the lady's name in reverence and then pressed them to her lips. This was her family and she'd simply come too far. Beyond the antechamber was a stone stairwell that wound down to a second level. She assumed generations of the Talbot family were resting here and yet these men seemed hell-bent on locating one in particular. Violet pressed herself against the stone wall and bit her lip as if that would prevent her from making a sound. She found a good vantage point where she could look over her shoulder but remain unseen. From there she was the strangest of sights—a large but worn leather chair with a smug-faced Mason lounging while someone attempted to break open a black iron coffin. The oblong shape and length meant that this coffin belonged to a large person, most likely a man and there seemed to be no adornments to be seen. No one had cared for the occupant, no elevated stone platform or archway to hold the person's memory in honor. Just cast on the filthy floor, an after-thought to the ages to all but the men rallying around it. Unable to contain himself Mason leapt to his feet and gladly seized his crowbar from one of his minions and slammed it beneath the face board. The whine of the nails and the old metal rippled into Violet, as if she lay inside the decayed box, as if she knew the deceased and this abhorrent act repulsed her all the more. Yet the wave of cowardice that washed over her was worse and just as Violet's brain proclaimed victory over her heart, her fortunes abandoned and betrayed her. \" Get the fucking lid off , I wanna see the bastard's rotting face before we—\" \"Hey, Mason! Look what I got!\" The drunkard was upon her before she had time to react, grabbing her robe and gown about the shoulder and like a land-walking octopus, he hoisted her up for all to see. Immediately all eyes were on her, their eyes grabbing where they soon hoped to place their hands, grins and snickers, whistles and lustful groans filled Violet with dread and she was completely at a disadvantage. Her tiny fingernails and pitiful kicks did nothing but to further enliven the rowdy bunch and with no weapon she was completely defenseless. \"You know who this is? It's that Talbot bitch! Come to have her a little family reunion she did!\" Violet screeched as she fought him, only to have resounding laughter echo in her face. \"What should we do with her?\" someone asked. \"I know exactly what to do with the little trollop,\" another man answered, smirking as Violet sputtered. But the laughter died with the last of Violet's resolve as Mason stepped through his companions and all fell quiet as he demanded she be brought to witness the unveiling of her true family. The lid was ripped open and she was thrust into the waiting arms of the ringleader and the arrogant look on his face caused a fresh burst of color to bloom in her cheeks. He smelled strongly of cheap cigarettes and alcohol and the stale air did nothing to alleviate him of the stench of perspiration. His body felt hard like he came from the same quarry that the stone that the crypt was constructed from. His grip wasn't tight but it wasn't welcome either and his expression was filled with the promise of something ungodly before he turned his attention to the opened coffin. As the lid was removed and the men's curiosity was heightened everyone made a collective gasp. Violet felt the prickle of tears behind her eyes as Mason bade her to look upon her 'most beloved relative'. The flesh was not completely gone but was black, shriveled like burnt parchment. The mouth was gaping in a wide grotesque silent scream, the hands curled and gnarled. This man had suffered greatly before he drew his last breath, and yet these men had hoped to cause him more. Violet inwardly scolded herself for her failure to protect a man she'd never met, whom she'd never known existed but the tears fell nonetheless. The smell of decomposition didn't rise from the corpse as one might expect, instead there was the subtle aroma of something Violet hadn't encountered in ages. Wolfsbane. \"Look there girl, look at the one who destroyed Blackmoor, that destroyed our grandfathers, fathers and uncles. He is the one that maimed and killed good man and drank their blood and gorged upon flesh. He ruined our lives and now we will exact our revenge!\" Violet heard the strain in Mason's voice, the sound belonged to a man hell bent on a crusade and he believed this would end the pain and vanquish the demons he'd always lived with, but she knew that was ridiculous and would only serve as a short term solution. No matter what this dead man had allegedly done in life would not reattach limbs or resurrect the dead. Yet Blackmoor was obviously a town steeped in a never-ending cloud of grief that probably comprised the heavy fog that swirled around the town. \"What you men are doing is wrong and there is no way you will avoid punishment if you continue. You have trespassed on my father's land, broken into a tomb and violated the resting place of a—\" \" Of a fucking monster !\" She saw the mirth leave the men's faces and her stomach plummeted to her feet. They didn't want to hear logic and she created a new, warm and living vessel to press their frustrations and rage upon and Mason was the first to instigate. \"Violation is what we come here to do and since this place has plenty of room, what say you men to some fun before we throw this Talbot bitch in with the rest?\" Cheers rose up and before Violet could utter a word, Mason took her by the throat and dragged her gown to her knees. She choked and sobbed as he squeezed to the point her skin bruised and her eyes rolled and struggled pathetically as he pressed her over the coffin, pressed her over the body while drinking in the intoxication of his dominance. \"Go on, you fucking whore! Kiss him and in a short while you'll join him!\" Mason bellowed. Violet shrieked and scratched to free herself from the drunken behemoth's clutches and colors and lights danced before her eyes. When she thought the bones in her neck would break he released her just long enough to strip her of her robe and tossed it aside. Violet drew in air as her body burned for it and it didn't register that she was lying on the skeletal torso that her flesh and hair was mixing with his. Her labored coughs racked her body but these men weren't going to just have a little round of their so-called fun and let her go. They intended to kill her and pretend they know nothing of her fate. \" Please…someone…help! \" she whimpered. No one would hear or care. Sally hadn't followed her and no help had come, she was at the mercy of this gaggle of vigilantes and because she somehow was related to the Talbots they had absolutely no mercy for her. With a hand that shook she clasped the charm of her necklace and murmured to the Heavens for a quick and painless demise but rough hands were upon her within seconds, so fast that her necklace tangled in the corpse's fingers, breaking it as she was wrenched to the floor and unceremoniously dragged off. The men reared in laughter as Mason pulled her by her arm across the stone floor and up the stairs. She cried as she hit the granite structures and the rest of the men took hold of her feet. \"Bet this pretty bitch never had a nice cock in her,\" \"Fresh cunt for everyone!\" \"I'm going stretch that—\" \" No! \" None of them seemed to hear her and soon they were at the mouth of the mausoleum and Mason looked over his shoulder to declare Violet his to use first before he dumped her onto the steps. She rolled until she hit the cobbled walkway below and spat blood; crawling was all she could do and yet that proved futile. Like a pack of wild animals they circled her and blocked every avenue of escape. Blood trickled down her face, her hands and her arms and legs were scratched but her torment had just begun. She was reduced to a weak and sniveling creature, prey to be devoured as she heard his heavy footsteps on the granite. The self-satisfied grin spread across his face as he descended, both hands undoing his trousers. He barked for the men to restrain her and Violet cried out again for someone to rescue her as steel-hard hands pulled her aching arms down and forced her legs apart. The men licked their lips in anticipation, urged their leader on so they could partake. Mason responded in kind by leaping on top of Violet crushing her with his weight and inhaling the sweet scent of her. For a moment he hesitated and saw the fear shining her eyes but he would finish what he started for this would vindicate his people, right or wrong. The Talbots had savagely taken from him and he would return the blessing and relish every minute of it. \"Please sir, I've done nothing, please let me go ,\" Violet pleaded hoarsely. Her voice draw him from the fog in his mind and with a sneer he grasped the collar her nightgown and tore the fabric down, exposing her completely to the cold autumn air and her molesters' gaze. Violet was prostrate, the effort to fight was gone as was her pride and dignity as soon her honor with them. Wordlessly she turned her face to concentrate on the moon that had been silver before but when a cloud slipped over it and glided away it had turned to a blood red orb that hung in the sky, the same that her mother had always loved, that always comforted her whenever she suffered a horrible nightmare. Violet knew the one she was living now would be her worst and her last. She would at least be reunited with her mother and with that thought she could bear feeling his sex press against her thigh. She prayed that her heart would give out before he plunged in. His hot deplorable breath was in her face and just when she thought the bastard would take his conquest, a sound that chilled everyone into silence and seemed to freeze the blood in their veins launched from the entrance of the mausoleum. Mason jerked up from Violet and leapt to his feet, the alcohol disappeared from their stomachs and the zest from their loins. Trepidation thickened the air and no one dared to move as a cloud crossed the moon and cast them into darkness. Mason soon commanded everyone to ready their weapons and Violet was left forgotten on the ground. Someone asked if perhaps it was an animal like a dog while others made the sign of the cross. \"Do you think?\" \" Mother of God ,\" \" What have we done ?\" Violet heard all of this but the searing pain in her chest distracted her from fearing as the men were; she otherwise would have been immensely thankful for the reprieve. \"Oh, it's nothing just the damn whisky playing tricks on all of yous,\" one of the shamblers shouted. \"Look I'll show you scared little rabbits it's nothing.\" The one named Colin brushed aside his shoulders who attempted to stop him, calling them cowards as he swayed, took one of their lamps and bounded up the stairs and disappeared into the catacombs. His friends stared worriedly at one another as they listened to Colin whistle a tune they all sung at the tavern called the 'Ladies of Dover'. They watched the glow of his lamp shrink into the dark depths and slowly tried to summon some of the brass their colleague displayed. They were all still tense and clutching their weapons before the sound of Colin's raspy voice called out to them. \"All you bawling babies can relax, ain't nothing happening down here.\" The collective sigh of relief went up as Colin appeared at the entrance, his yellowed smile visible next to the lamp. He held up Violet's necklace and croaked that he found it at the bottom of the lady's memorial. Instantly Violent felt a jolt of her energy and her brain whirled. There was no way the necklace could have fallen there; it was wrenched from her neck when Mason pulled her from the corpse. Despite the damp hair in her face and her blurred vision she could see the charm sparkling from the chain in the ruffian's hand. Everyone around her was laughing but Violet's anxiety spiked, a force that only she seemed to feel and it repelled her. Like an invisible warning to take the chance and flee for her life. On limbs that resisted she slowly backed toward the hedges but her eyes remained fixed on the charm. \"I'll wear it as a trophy while I sink my cock into— aagghh !\" Colin lurched forward and stopped, his body suspended on the edge of the step. His fingers lost their grip and the charm and lamp slipped, the lamp smashing to a thousand pieces. The ribcage was splintered and shards of bone pierced every organ as the arm, wrists and claws displaced and rearranged the chest cavity. Colin's eyes were wide with disbelief as he stared down at the bloody arm that wasn't there before, and darkness overran his eyes. From behind him the snarl crescendoed into an all out howl that sent shudders through everyone and caused almost every trouser to moisten. The cloud slid away and the moon's glow illuminated every inch of the mausoleum until it seemed the stone was bleeding. And then the monster revealed itself, the enormous canines gleaming, the yellow eyes focused and the ebony mane shining. The beast stared down at the gang and no one dared to breathe. Violet hadn't stopped however and just as she reached the hedge she heard the roar echo again. The beast dropped his jaw, dropped the dead man and leapt from the stairs. Every man rushed and stumbled back and headed off in every direction. This was what she was told to run from and the adrenaline began to surge within, determination drove her to her sore feet and the panic set in. She could hear the hollers of the men behind and beside her as they fled, many screams dissolving into strangled cries. Whatever had killed Colin was deathly fast and she hurried toward Talbot Hall; she could see even from that distance that there were several lights now on in the windows, meaning someone was awake and perhaps aware of a disturbance. Maybe Sally had managed to rustle together help, but before she could gather hope, Violet tripped and smashed hard on the slick lawn. For a moment she was disoriented and thought she had clumsily stumbled upon a raised tree root or the torn remnant of her gown but her eyes bulged when she looked over her shoulder. \" Oh God, oh God, oh God ,\" the man rambled with bloody lips. Violet watched the man they called Benny tremble and reach weakly, pulling at his trousers. He was crying pitifully as he tried in vain to reattach his legs to the rest of his torso. His intestines spilled out everywhere from where he had been severed in half. Violet crawled away and pressed a hand to her mouth to keep the bile from rising, fresh tears sprang from her eyes as the terror engulfed her and forced her back to her feet to sprint on. Her ears rung with the wails of the wounded and dying and the moon was bright enough to lighten her path as well as showing her the horrendous carnage falling all around her. Arms and legs ripped from bodies, fingers still sentient and digging into the blood-drenched earth. Gunshots blasted in the shadows, bursts of fire that ended in curses and gurgling where blood rushed from sliced throats. The mass confusion permeated and friends attacked friend fearing the other was the beast that prowled with supernatural speed. Violet dodged the remains of Blackmoor's sons and tried to keep low enough should a stray bullet came whizzing by that seemed to come from all directions. But in the malay she had traveled further from the manor and found herself at a small creek that wound its way through the grounds. Behind her the deafening howl sounded and men, a few still alive shouted to retreat back into the town, their comrades abandoned in pieces and strewn about like broken dolls. Dirt and foliage clung to destroyed gown and her slippers had disintegrated over the rocks and dead logs that littered the ground. She couldn't wait for the men from the house to come and she couldn't wait for the monster to discover her either leaving her only one option and that was to leap into the torrent and hope that she could maneuver toward safety. Her father had forbade she learn to swim and she didn't know the depth of the water, whether the current would suck her under. Death was on all sides and her search for adventure was taking a dismal turn and as she placed her foot on the bank, Violet decided to take another risk. \"Father God, forgive me should I die and preserve me should you care to let me live,\" she whispered. The moon shined over the rapid moving stream and she inhaled sharply and closed her eyes. \"Do it, Violet, jump in,\" she chided herself but hesitated. Her throat constricted and her hands clenched, her feet rooted to their spot. The wind enveloped her and brought with it the smell of gun smoke and putrid odors that she couldn't recognize and then the hairs on Violet's neck stood up. She turned and saw a man stumbling toward her, his pallor ghostly white and his hair matted to his head. He couldn't have been more than thirty years old and as he reached out a weak hand, in that moment Violet forgot her own welfare and went to him. \" We have awakened the beast,\" the man muttered, not looking at Violet but still grasping her arm with his waning strength. \"How? What is this beast and was he in the tomb this whole time?\" Violet asked as she took on his weight. \"He killed our people twenty years ago and now he's back and we angered him. We are all cursed to die, Miss, he'll kill us all! \" \"That monster,\" \" Talbot… \" the man's voice dropped to a whisper and his glistening eyes gazed into hers. \"He was cursed and became the beast that killed every time the moon was full and he died and now he's back. It's all our fault, all our fault .\" \"The men from the house are coming so just hold on a little longer, sir.\" Violet pleaded with tears rushing to her own eyes. \"Miss, please forgive us for the terror we unleashed on the world. He was killed once before and only a person pure of heart can put things right!\" Violet couldn't comprehend the man's incessant babblings and hoped to steady him by placing a hand to his back, only to recoil when something warm and wet coated her palm and fingers. When she slowly withdrew it her bottom lip began to quiver and again their eyes locked; the brown orbs began to glaze and when she took a step back he fell to his knees and slumped over. The back of his shirt, jacket and trousers had been stripped off, the flesh flailed from his body and blood puddle around his feet and ankles. The back of his head and neck were gone, the brain and spinal cord exposed to the night air and Violet felt a numbness steal into her. Consternation circled around her but she wouldn't focus on the warning as two glowing yellow eyes blazed in the black woods, boring into hers as the beast of any child's nightmare materialized and crept toward her on all fours, the size of a large bear or lion. The thickness of his fur was so sleek that Violet nearly reached out to touch it had she not felt the urge to run. The creek was to her back and to her front something else was stirring, something that sent a small yet growing electric pulse that traveled through the atmosphere, something she was sure the monster sensed as well. The damp black nostrils flared wide and in time with Violet's erratic breathing. Saliva dripped from the monster's open mouth, revealing white fanged teeth that were stained with crimson. Those powerful jaws had locked around throats and crushed down on bones, severed vocal cords to suppress the preys' screams and the blood flow was relentless. It coated his muzzle and even though this massive creature epitomized brute force and gruesome tidings, Violet didn't take a step back. The monster had caught her scent and instead of lurching forward and tearing her apart, he stalked up out of the wood line and closer to the bank. It disregarded the corpse lying on the ground but rounded it and approached on sturdy legs, the muscles visibly rippling in each leg, the paws so large that they were easily capable of pounding her into the dirt with little effort. This beast was taking its time, something it had not done with all its other victims and still Violet didn't turn to flee. Instead she bit her lip and sunk into her knees in a show of surrender and her heart ceased its rapid tattoo and resumed a normal one. The air puffed and vanished before her face but this time was joined by another low growl that reverberated through her and again she disturbingly felt no fear. Their eyes locked and time began to slow as the beast seemed to be examining her face, her entire being and suddenly the dead man's words came roaring into her mind. Blinking she leant in so only a few millimeters separated her nose from his snout. \" T-Talbot? \" Without warning all breathing stopped and the beast reared back and dug its claws into the dirt and rocks, ears perked and his spine went rigid in a predatory stance. Tendons and muscles shifted and before she could inhale the beast charged his jaws opened to unleash a growl so furious, so intense that the ground beneath them shuddered and the last thing Violet saw was the bright glint of those saffron eyes as he descended upon her. Still with me? Was that fun? I'm learning how to write suspense better and I think that I'm growing. I'm just as excited to see what happens next as you are![Chapter 5] ~*Author's Note*~ First I would like to thank everyone for their condolences on the loss of my Grandmother. You are all very kind and I am happy to report that my family is doing well. I've been piecing together the next few parts of the story rather slowly because I really want to work on a sequel to 'Under the Harvest Moon'. But I love this story as well and it's time to update it. So I hope you all enjoy it! Screams. Her ear drums were exploding under the magnitude of the unbearable screams. Severed limbs crawling and grabbing at her feet as she fled the screams, bloody hands tore at the hem of her ruined gown, threatening to pull her down. She could hear the heavy thud of something or someone who followed her at a break neck speed. Sweat blossomed across her body as she sprinted through the dark woods that seemed endless. There was no place to hide and she could hear the growl behind her, only a few paces back. The hot breath was on her nape and she dared to not look over her shoulder because then the terror would be real. And all the while the screams would not stop, just would not stop. \" Violet! Violet! \" The beast growled and when she looked back she saw the yellow eyes blazing, the teeth bared. \" No! \" \" Violet! Wake up! Violet, wake up! \" Still she continued to run and the beast vocalized her name, causing a fresh spring of fear to burst in her stomach. And then just when she thought she had placed some distance between herself and the blood-thirsty monster its jaws clamped down on her shoulder, wrenching her back and shaking her with such vigor that she realized that they were all her own. With a sharp intake of breath Violet sat up, her arms and legs flailing until two strong hands gripped her shoulders and forced her down onto something soft but she could not catch her breath, could not comprehend where she was or where the beast was. Her eyes darted about and there was a haze in front of her eyes but even in her panic she quickly recognized her tutor and her governess. If they were here then she was no longer in the woods and if they showed no anxiety then all was well. Indeed she was in her bedroom, sitting on her plush mattress and clad in another night gown. The only expression either employee presented was deep concern. But she had been asleep and she was alive—so was it all a nightmare? \"Violet, darling, it's all right now, you're safe sweetheart.\" Mary said soothingly. Mr. Harris brought a tea cup to her lips and at first she resisted until he pressed her and this time she took a few sips until he was satisfied. Behind Mary she saw a timid Sally wringing out a damp cloth in a basin and stepped forward to wipe the perspiration from Violet's neck, cheeks and brow. All three had held vigil over her for some time hoping she would rouse herself and then the trauma encompassed her and yet she was awake, much to their relief. Now they had to reorient her and keep her calm until the doctor could be summoned again. The elderly country doctor had sent word to three neighboring hamlets begging assistance to help tend to the wounded, furthermore the local constable was overwhelmed. The only survivors were unable to speak, struck dumb by what they had seen. Violet had been discovered unconscious by the water, suffering only minor scratches and bruises and a lump on her head. Her robe and gown were in tatters but she was otherwise untouched. Sally had been nearly inconsolable when her companion was brought in from the woods pale and perhaps dead. The housekeeper called for the doctor and the authorities and once alerted in London within a few hours a frantic Mary and an enraged Mr. Harris were practically breaking down the doors in order to get to their charge. Neither had said anything about Mr. Pierce and Sally decided that was a matter for a different time. Violet's well-being was paramount and her true guardians were at her side and that was all that was required. In the meantime she wanted to help Violet by making her comfortable, plucked twigs and grass from her hair, cloth-washed the mud and debris from her feet and legs, and trying to maintain level breathing as she cringed at the reddish brown color that filled the basin. Another servant had needed to bring a fresh one with clean water twice and but now that Violet was awake the paranoid maid could breathe a sigh of relief. \"T-the monster…is…is it d-dead?\" Violet croaked, her eyes moist and her threat constricted and burning. \"The constable has said that he would conduct interviews but he told us that whatever creature did this was still on the loose.\" Mr. Harris informed before refilling her tea cup. Sally had added plenty of honey to the chamomile and Violet was thankful for it. \"Are any of our men injured or—\" \"No, all are well and accounted for. They found you and brought you here but while they heard a howl they didn't find anything. With two search parties they did a thorough sweep but found only evidence of something large having been there. The men also helped retrieve victims and carried them into town. You've been unconscious but breathing for an entire day. The doctor said that it's common for people to lapse into a deep sleep, just the body's way of recovering from some major shock…\" Violet was trying to process all that had occurred but she was glad none of her employees had been hurt and she herself was alive. But this was not a bad dream and her friends were confirming that something still lurked and prowled and others had seen the brutality. She had only hoped to protect her family's land and prevent burglars from pillaging the mausoleum only to fail. She was almost raped and killed and as far as she was concerned she had had enough adventure to last a lifetime. The risk was too frightening and too great and now she understood why so many residents of Blackmoor lived in constant fear of anything unfamiliar; because it could mean uncontrollable, unstoppable death and destruction. \"What did you think you were doing out there in the dead of the night ?\" Mary exclaimed, causing Violet to wince at the older woman's word choice. Violet opened her mouth and then closed it; there was no sense in explaining. Instead she turned her face away and the tears began to brim in her eyes. Mr. Harris gave the governess a deep scowl, silently warning her to not give the girl grief. He produced a handkerchief and dabbed her face and gave her an assuring smile. But it was lost on her because if she were to explain nothing would make a difference. Parts of what she'd experienced simply did not make any sense and she feared that if she shared it would disturb her loved ones further. \"The poor child could have died but God preserved her and for that we should be abundantly thankful. Though I wished Violet had not gone out last night, should have sent for the men of the household to investigate, but I commend her bravery for there are some who would have done less. We raised her thusly Mrs. Tillingham.\" More tears fell from her eyes and she gladly allowed him to envelop her in the reassuring warmth and familiarity of his arms, cradled there as when she was a child. Mary's face grew sour and long, thoroughly chastised and yet it was done out of love. They were a true family unit that was not forged by employment and contract but through a deep connection. So when the messenger brought word to London and the governess and tutor learned that a great accident had befallen their charge a maternal and paternal instinct sparked to life and they hurried back to Talbot Hall. At Mr. Harris' behest they took turns sitting at Violet's bedside and promised to alert the household should her condition change. As Violet clung to her tutor she never thought to ask of her father's whereabouts and she was sure the man partially responsible for her conception could not comfort her like the man holding her could. \"I'll tell the cook to prepare some broth, something to restore your strength.\" Mrs. Tillingham muttered and rose to slip from the room. Violet cuddled closer to her mentor and buried her face into his crisp white shirt and inhaled his unique scent. He smelled of old paper and autumn even during the summer months. She could not recall such closeness from her father. \"I'm proud of you that you stood your ground and tried to depend your father's interest and attempted to protect the dead, but promise me you won't do anything so risky again.\" \"You asked me that same thing the day we traveled to the sea shore and it was low tide. You claimed that that was far 'too risky' as well,\" Violet retorted with a sniffle. \"Yes that is true but this time I really mean it. Now I want you to remain inside unless if you have two armed men with you. Not until the authorities can make sense of all of this and until that beast is either captured or killed and especially not until the fervor in Blackmoor dies down.\" \"Fervor?\" Sally squeaked. Mr. Harris settled Violet back over the pillows and Sally, with a nod of approval took a chair and dried her hands on her apron. He took another handkerchief to blot his moist upper lip and brow before explaining cautiously that Blackmoor was in an uproar over the scourge that was unleashed the previous night. The town had suffered an almost exact trauma nearly twenty years prior and a mass hysteria had already settled in. The reports from the men returning after the rescue mission stated that many of the townspeople had started taking measures to defend themselves, some of which they considered 'bizarre' and 'sacrilegious'. \"How so?\" Sally interjected. Mr. Harris fiddled with one of his shirt sleeves before describing accounts of men and women melting any and all silver materials, even silver crucifixes in order to create blades and bullets. Some of the poor fools, as he called them, had learned some of their prized possessions were more nickel and therefore could not secure the necessary element for their protection. The two girls exchanged puzzled expressions and again the genteel scholar fidgeted nervously. \"Violet these people are a superstitious folk, who have never known the world beyond their established borders. Anything they don't understand, anything foreign is treated like a plague. You've seen how they reacted to our arrival that first evening—they were cold and stand offish to a disrespectful degree. Now a real threat has come to their doorstep and they believe it's the equivalent of the Angel of Death of the Old Testament.\" \"I saw the beast responsible and it was definitely not an angel,\" Violet muttered, \"and I don't see how silver bullets could stop this creature when regular bullets didn't.\" \"Are you certain the creature was shot? Perhaps the men missed.\" Sally asked with her knuckles white from clutching her apron. \"Oh they shot it alright but it didn't faze it at all. Even the most inebriated amongst them could have easily grazed it to potentially slow it down but instead it made the beast angrier and it never stopped.\" Sally and Mr. Harris shuddered visibly while Violet appeared lost in her own thoughts. The beast had stared into her eyes and looked into her and yet when she fainted it did not tear her to pieces. Perhaps because she was unarmed and therefore was not perceived as a threat or maybe its appetite was sate by that point. \"How many men survived?\" Sally's question drew Violet out of her head and she looked for her tutor's answer. \"Only eight are alive out of the alleged fourteen that we know of who came here. Only five are well…whole shall we say.\" \" Whole? \" the girls said in unison. \"Physically whole I mean,\" Mr. Harris continued. \"The five I'm referring to did not lose any arms, legs or heads. Only three are able to openly speak about what occurred and that's a very recent development. The constable who arrived this afternoon was able to convey that much.\" \"Constable?\" Violet asked and Sally explained that the authorities had wanted to take down her mistress' statement but she was still unconscious at the time. \"Mrs. Tillingham had been adamant that you be left to rest and while the man did leave he was of a stubborn sort and he will definitely be back again.\" Violet wasn't sure what to make of these circumstances but she felt more at ease when they reassured her that she was in no trouble. Apparently none of the men had made claims that she had committed any criminal acts, but at the same time she wondered what had these men admitted to; did they explain the reasons why they were near Talbot Hall? She was positive that when this constable returned he would demand answers and she would do likewise. \"Violet I'm sorry I didn't come after you when you went out, I—\" \"No, no don't apologize. I'm glad you didn't Sally. Those men were intoxicated and out of their wits before the beast even appeared. I'd be lost if something happened to you…\" Her voice trailed off and soon the two were in each other's arms, sobbing and the color in Mr. Harris' face rose. \"Violet did any of those men try to manhandle you?\" At first she couldn't speak or even make eye contact but reluctantly she managed to nod and when pressed she explained that they had failed, ultimately because the beast materialized. The irony of how it had not only spared her life but also thwarted her would be rapists hung in the air. Mr. Harris instructed her to mention this to the constable but to not dwell on it considering the frantic ambiance surrounding Blackmoor. Violet understood and the three swore to keep it a secret from Mrs. Tillingham for the time being. \"Lord knows she's on pins and needles already,\" Mr. Harris mumbled under his breath. \"Who are the men who were able to speak? The ones who have not gone insane?\" Violet asked after a long pause. \"That we don't know, or rather the constable did not say openly because there is a budding investigation but I'm sure the names will surface soon due to the small size of Blackmoor. Everyone will want to know and secrets are impossible to keep when people live in such a place.\" Mr. Harris surmised, hinting at his own curiosity. \"I understand that,\" Sally began in a sheepish tone. \"My hometown is located further south of here and people always know each other's business. But it must have been some sort of wild animal or maybe it escaped from a zoo or circus.\" \"Maybe, it wasn't a lion because it was all black and it didn't look like a bear really either. As far as I'm concerned it could have been a—\" \" It was a werewolf! \" The cold creek water was refreshing and sweet just what he longed for. Without thinking and acting on the natural impulse to quench a burning thirst, he dunked his head into the swirling clear water. The soreness of his throat and the dryness of his tongue vanished with each long slurp he inhaled. Breathing was an afterthought but his body told him to withdraw long enough to fill his lungs with the crisp cool air before submerging his face again. Earlier that morning the twinkling light through the trees had awakened him and suddenly an insatiable hunger tore through his stomach and paralyzed him. It rose up to punch him squarely in the gut, holding on with an iron force and urged him to end the torment immediately. Soaking wet he pulled away from the water's edge and watched the area for prey—any prey to devour and make the pain end. With nostrils flared and drawing in any available scent, whatever potential meal came wafting by. In seconds he detected something fresh and bleeding and with a suppressed growl he darted in the direction of his would be target. Dead leaves disintegrated into damp dust under the power of his feet. Twigs, decomposing logs all crunched and whined as he passed, moving faster than the breeze that swept along. And then he came upon the object of his desire and sniffed the unmistakable scent of decaying flesh. His eyes were blurred by the haze that clouded around him, but his other senses lead him and soon he was gnawing on the bruised flesh, the sinews and viscera filling his mouth so quickly that he groaned inwardly when he'd stripped the bone. However he sensed there was more and followed the incessant buzz of flies and soon he was gorging again and tasted the slime and maggots without a care. The ravenous hunger was alleviated and the haze began to depart from his eyes. It was midday and the trees were mostly bald and swaying lazily. Last night they had seen the carnage and yet nature seemed unaffected and until now they had concealed the horrid scene in a thick shade but now anyone unfortunate enough would find the remains of this tragedy. His eyes adjusted to the point where he was able to truly see the scene around him, the rotting entrails in his mouth nearly choked him as he swallowed. The man had already been in pieces and now he was almost entirely obliterated after fingernails and canine teeth tore through him. Scraps of fabric of what used to be the dead man's clothes littered the ground, dyed a dark brown from all of dried blood. His face told anyone who gazed upon it that his final moments had been nothing less than sheer terror. His stomach cavity was torn apart with a ferocious slash that cut the skin to ribbons. Apparently something had begun to eat the soft tissue. But not just any typical animal like a vulture but something larger. Undoubtedly the very same animal that had killed the man and left him to suffer until the pain and blood loss forced him to succumb. And out of nowhere he felt a rude stab of reality, of hard truth resounding through him. Looking down at his hands, that appeared initially normal yet coated in blood. He was stark naked and as a wave of bile rose up in his throat, he understood now he had come to be there, how all of this had happened. Disregarding the half eaten corpse, he turned back toward the creek. Hesitation only slowed him when he fell to his hands and knees and stared at his reflection, taunting him with a sobering realization. \"I-I'm…alive!\" I hope you all enjoyed this latest installment. I want to dedicate this chapter to nightchildx. I am deeply sorry for your loss and my prayers are with you and your family. Again thank you all who have sent me messages and favored this story I hope I didn't let you down. But I need your help…How should I introduce Violet to man inside the beast? What should I do to Mason? Let me hear your thoughts! ' Til next time! XOXO ","Summary":" ~*Author's Note*~ Writing and posting 'Under the Harvest Moon' has made me a little bold, and I'm n"},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Nikko To The Rescue!","Author":"LovelessLady17","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4876352","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Blood. It was everywhere. If you turned a corner, there was three more gallons of it, all over the floor. I couldn't help, but let tears fall. He abandoned me, leaving me to die in this hell hole. Around my neck was the necklace, heart-shaped, that he gave me. Before I could think anything else, gunshots were heard all around the window that was to my left. Then…nothing. My body snapped forward as I heard beeping from my side. I was in my room, sweating out of fear. The beeping from my alarm switched from that to the radio, having me listen to, once again, Nikko Alexander. He was singing \"Don't Tell Me\". Selfish, Caring Bastard. I snorted lightly at my sudden name calling. It was sorta funny. But every time I heard him sing, I wished I was there next to him, singing, too. BEEP!!! BEEP!!!! Damn alarm…smacking the switch, I stood and got ready for school, sighing at the thought of working with, ugh, Nikko . (At Practice) Wincing, I rubbed the new bruise I had received this morning. One little question, and dad goes ballistic. Why did he hit me so much? I wish that someone would stop this abuse I was receiving. I entered the auditorium, only to be met with many laughing dancers. Friends. Well, friends and Nikko. He was singing and dancing goofily as others laughed with him. But the song shattered my heart. It was meant as a joke, for he sang it before, but the song always reminded of my dad. How he killed my mom and how no one knew except me! Why don't you break my heart Make it hurt so bad Come on give it your best None the less, I insist, just like that Why don't you break my heart It sounds good to me Do it over again, again, again You're just what I need Why don't you break my heart Yeah, break it Stare me down, intimidate me Baby please you'll never break me Bring it on, cause I can take it You're so cool, the way you play it Oh, you can do whatever you like It's alright with me Nikko froze as I stared blankly at him, the glint in my eyes gone. No more happiness, just…pain. Pain and sadness. The stinging on my cheek was stronger, overcoming my body. Shutting my eyes tightly, I grabbed my cheek and held it in pain, suppressing the urge to scream out in pain. I could hear many footsteps come towards me, but the voice was less than expected. It was Nikko, not Brittany (I have NO idea what her best friends name is so if ya wanna you can send it to me, but I think it was Brittany). His hand was on my shoulder and he was talking, I think. It was jumbled. \"Courtney! What's wrong?!\" That was a mix of both Brittany and Nikko, but Nikko was louder. It was like this before, I was hurt, Nikko cared, I went home, came back with twice as many bruises or a broken bone. But it was different too. This time, Nikko was the last thing I heard before I passed out into his welcoming arms, my head gently hitting his chest. The last words I heard were, \"Wake Up!\" And they were from, of course, Nikko. That's IT!!! Sorry for such a short chapter, but it's my first Spectacular! Story so I wanted it to be different but writer's block got in the way! I'll try to write longer stories![Chapter 2] Blinking twice, I sat up as I looked at my surroundings. I was in a bright red and white room with black sheets and black curtains. To my left, Nikko was sitting, staring out the window. He looked so serene, happy and worried at the same time. But, as I stepped out of the bed, it snapped him out of his trance. Dashing over to me, he tried to make me look at him, but I couldn't. And I didn't know why but I felt like I would hurt him if I did. \"Come on, Court. Look at me.\" Biting my lip, I slowly turned my head to see a heart-breaking sight. His eyes were red as though he had been crying and his face was pale, like if he hadn't eaten anything. Tears were burning my eyes as I realized that there was a small scratch on his cheek. I gave him that, and I regret it ever since. Flashback Nikko ran to me as I sat on the chair far from the stage. He gripped my arm, begging for an explanation and forgiveness for his lie. But it was too late. My hand went flying as I slapped him, leaving a scratch from my nails. Darting past his shocked form, I let the tears pour out as he called my name. End of flashback Sobs racked my body as I fell onto the bed, praying that the black darkness would pull me into the abyss of hell. But nothing happened. The only sound was the scream of silence. It yelled at me to cry and to hug and pray for forgives from Nikko, but my conscious to wait, that he already forgave her. \"Courtney,\" Nikko whispered as he sat next to me, stroking my cheek, \"its okay.\" Shaking my head, I gripped his shirt and hid me face in the cloth, screaming and sobbing as loud as I could, \"I'M SORRY!! I'M SO SORRY!\" The tears stung my bruised cheek, but I didn't care, all I wanted was forgiveness. Feeling his arms wrap around my weeping body, Nikko mumbled soothing words, trying to get me to calm down. \"No it's okay Court,\" he said tenderly, kissing my forehead gently. But that didn't work. The tears weren't just for the pain I gave him, but the pain I will receive when I get home, for being late. Pulling back, the tears slowed as I saw his eyes. They shined with unshed tears and he looked so desperate to keep them from falling. Leaning up, I kissed the scratch, leaving a trail of kisses as I found my destination. His lips. Kissing him softly, I felt Nikko tighten his arms around me as I wrapped my arms around his neck. All tears stopped and were replaced with little moans of pleasure as he deepened the kiss, licking my lips and inside my mouth. A tongue war began as my tongue joined and we began laughing a little as I won, but he came back playfully. Air became a necessity as we pulled apart, panting and laughing lightly. Kissing my cheek, I giggled as he kissed down my neck, and I could tell he enjoyed this, too. I stopped as he pushed me onto the bed, continuing as he went back up to my lips, savoring his time there. \"Nikko,\" I whispered in between his sweet kisses. But that didn't grab him away, all he did was say a little \"hmm?\". \"Nikko,\" I pulled his head away to look him in the eye. Kissing his cheek, I pushed him back slightly as I realized what time it was. Dashing for the door, I could tell that he was near me. Wrapping his arms around my waist, he prevented me from making anymore movements. \"Don't go,\" he pleaded as he kissed my head. Stuttering, I couldn't tell him about my dad, fearing that he would not like me anymore, or that he would get hurt too. \"I have to. My d-dad will get mad if I'm more late that normal.\" Nodding, Nikko turned me around and kissed my lips lovingly, lingering for about ten seconds. \"I,\" I muttered as he walked me to the door, holding my hand, slightly swinging them. As we approached the door, I kissed his scratch and whispered in his ear, \"I love you, Nikko.\" And with that, I left. But not before he whispered, \"I love you, too, Courtney.\" Giggling that he used my name, I left. But not without leaving a hint of fear with Nikko, giving him more suspicions than he needed. Entering my house, I tiptoed towards the stairs. But my eyes widened as I heard a drunk, angry voice behind me. \"Where the fuck have you been?\" Dad. Hey, hoped ya liked it! I left ya with a cliffy!!!! This gives you something to wait for!!!!!! REVIEW!!!!!! THE COUPLE'S NAME IS NIKKY!!!!!![Chapter 3] (Previously) \" Wherenthe fuck have you been?\" Dad. (Now) \"Dad, I,\" I didn'tnget to finish as his hand connected with my bruised cheek. A screechnof pain echoed from my mouth as he whipped his foot into my stomach.nAnd as I stared I realized that he was holding a half empty bottle ofnbeer. I couldn't see much after as he continuously kicked andnslapping my face. Raising the bottle, he brought it slamming downnonto my head, causing it to shatter and scratch up my head. Oncendone, he turned to the door and left, whispering in low menacingnvoice, \"This will teach youna lesson.\" And with that he left, slamming the door behind him. Inheard his car start and him drive off before I stood up, not evennbothering to wipe the blood from my forehead. A bruise, dark purplenand bigger than before, was forming on my cheek and blood wasnslipping from a cut I received from the beer bottle. My hair reekednof alcohol. Opening the door, I grabbed a white scarf and held it tonmy head as I trudged to Nikko's house, hoping that he would helpnme. As I approached hisnhouse, my mind was dizzy from the loss of blood. With every step Intook, there was a puddle of blood there. It followed me as I knockednon his door. But, I didn't expect to see who answered. Tammi. Shocked and scared ofnthe blood, she let out a loud shriek and slammed the door in my face.nOn the other side, I could hear Nikko and bro asking at the samentime. But as the door opened to reveal Nikko, I began to walk away,nmy back turned towards him so that he couldn't see the tears thatnwere falling. He was just using me. He didn't love me. He lovednTammi. I heard no footstepsnbehind me, only the slam of the door. And I knew he wouldn't comenafter me. Who would? I have an abusive dad, and a high chance ofndieing if I didn't find help. But, I didn't care, 'cause I hadnnothing. Wrapping the scarf around my head, I went into a store andnfound a pad of paper, envelopes, and a fuzzy black pen. Paying, Inleft before anyone could tell I was dieing. Sitting on a bench inna deserted park near Nikko's house, I wrote each and every letternto everyone, slowly slipping in and out of consciousness. In thenletters, I explained everything, with words of praise at all thenthings they did and thank yous to all they had done. Then, I came tonNikko's letter. I made sure to get it special, with a blacknbackground and his name in red. Like his outfit for Show Choir. Once done with hisnletter, I sat them all on a pile next to me, finally allowing deathnto grow on me. Blood had accidentally speckled onto his letter as Insat it on top, but I didn't care. It would give him one last thingnto remember. My pain. Lying on the ground,nmy eyes were shut gently as rain began to poor. Removing thenblood-soaked bandana, I rapped it around the letters, trying tonprevent them from getting wet. A puddle of blood formed around me,nshocking me that I lasted this long. And as if by a miracle, I died,nhappy and free, yet sad and lonely. It felt good, but horrible at thensame time. There was no smell besides my blood and there was no soundnexcept the rain. It all just…vanished. It was a silent and horridndeath. The only wish I left on my heart was that I would be reborn,nmaybe as a bird or a wild horse. No, I would give all the freedom Inwould get out of that, just to be reborn a Courtney. The girl whoncould bend a rose without breaking it, and the girl who gave morenthan was given. I want to be THAT girl. As I breathed my lastnbreath, I faded away, the only word I heard was, \"COURTNEY!\"nNikko…I love you.[Chapter 4] ( Previously) \"COURTNEY!\"nNikko…I love you. (Now: Nikko'snP.O.V.) No! Dashing over tonher dead body, tears fell from my eyes. Blood was covering the groundnand as I cried silently, I noticed a stack of letters on the bench.nStepping over to them, I lifted the first one that had the words, Nikko Alexander , on it. It was black with my name in brightnred. Just like my Show Choir outfit, black and red. Opening it, Inread her neat hand writing, tears pouring harder at every word. Dear Nikko, I have never metnanyone more caring and fun than you. I can still remember the momentsnthat we kissed and hugged and cried and laughed. Those memories willnforever be engraved in my heart. Before I breathed my last breath, Inhad made a wish. I wanted to be reborn, as a bird or cat, but Indecided. I would give up all my freedom, all my skills, all my gifts,njust to be born as Courtney, the girl who could bend any rose withoutnbreaking it. I will forever remember you and your silly dances andnamazing voice. I wish I could hear it in heaven instead of angels,njust to listen to you. And I always want you t remember, I love you, now andnforever. Love, Courtney No! I threw thenletter on the bench and ran over to her body, cradling it in my arms.nI didn't care that I was getting bloody. All I wanted was her tonembrace me back, tell me she loved me and kiss away the tears that Inshed. But she couldn't. Holding her corpse, Inscreamed as loud as I could, \"PLEASE! COMEnBACK!!! YOU CAN LEAVE ME!!!\" I didn't care who heard, but I keptnrepeating it over and over. Then an idea struck my mind. Sing. Andnthat's what I did. Sometimes, its hardnto see, What's been therenall along. Sometimes we'rensure of everything, Till we find outnthat we're all wrong. Now we'renstanding here, Face to face, Nothing feels thensame. For the first time, I realized, Something I didn'tnsee before (Unknown tonNikko, there was a light glowing around him and Courtney) For the first time, Looking in you eyes Suddenly, there'snso much more. Something we bothnfeel inside, For the first time. And then itnhappened. I noticed a bright light glowing around us, light godngranting my wish. Then it hit me. Folding my hands together, I feltnthe wind picked up around me. Please god, let menbe with Courtney! And that'snexactly what god granted. The light grew stronger and brighter as Infelt apart of myself be torn from me and into Courtney. Like half ofnmy life was drained. As the light dimmed down, a miracle happened.nCourtney stirred, awakening from her death. Sitting up, she blinked ancouple times before realizing she was alive. Gasping at the sight ofnme, I embraced her tightly but gently, thanking god as many times asnI could. \"Nikko,\" Courtneynbegan, but stopped as a shining figure began to form in front of us.nGod. He smiled as he saw us hugging, tears of joy in our eyes. \"Nikko, Courtney,\"nhe paused as he blinked a couple times, then continued, \"Nikko,nyour life has been cut in half, and given to this girl. Younoriginally would have lived to be the oldest man on earth, but thatnwas cut in half. Now, you each have eighty-four years. It's likenyour were born at the same time, so you'll die at the same time.nTogether.\" And with that he vanished. Content with my choice, Intenderly kissed Courtney's forehead as we stood. All the blood andnrain vanished, in its place were the petals of roses, many differentncolors. It was like one long dream. \"Courtney,\" Shenlooked startled to hear my name, but nodded for me to continue, \"Inlove you, now and forever.\" I whispered, repeating her words shenwrote in he letter. Tears formed in her eyes, but I knew they werentears of joy. Hugging me close, Courtney whispered in my ear, \"I love you, too.\"n Smiling, I kissed her softly on the lips, savoring the taste.nPulling back, I began to sing. For the first time, I realized, Something I didn'tnsee before Grinning lovingly,nCourtney joined in. For the first time, Looking in you eyes Suddenly, there'snso much more. Something we bothnfeel inside, For the first time. \"I guess mynwish did come true,\" whispered Courtney, embracing happily as shencontinued, \"I got to be reborn, as the girl who can bend the rosenwithout breaking it, and also the girl who loves Nikko.\" Smiling, Inkissed her gently, holding her close that I was almost sure she wouldnnever be taken away again. Never will I allow it.[Chapter 5] AUTHOR'SnNOTE!!!!!! THEREnIS A REASON THAT I BROUGHT COURTNEY BACK TO LIFE!!!!!!!! REMEMBERnTHREE THINGS!!!!!! HERnDAD IS STILL OUT THERE, LOOKING FOR HER (REMEMBER HE ABUSE HER!) TAMMInIS STILL OUT FOR NIKKO (BECAUSE SHE WANTS/NEEDS HIM FOR SHOW CHOIR!) THEYnSTILL NEED TO DO SHOW CHOIR!!!! Anyway,nthat's all I need to remind you guys. Some probably think the wholengod thing was like Death Note (an anime), but it wasn't intendednto. I just thought it was kinda romantic how Nikko's love and godnbrought her back to life and that they will die together, happy. I'LLnUPDATE AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!!!!! MEANWHILE, VOTE ON MY POLE IF InSHOULD DO AN M OR STICK WITH T OR WHATEVER!!![Chapter 6] (Previously) \" Inguess my wish did come true,\" whispered Courtney, embracing happilynas she continued, \"I got to be reborn, as the girl who can bend thenrose without breaking it, and also the girl who loves Nikko.\"nSmiling, I kissed her gently, holding her close that I was almostnsure she would never be taken away again. Never will I allow it. (NownCourtney's P.O.V) Infelt like a million dollars had been dumped all over me. Not once didnI think of my father, or of Tammi, or of show choir. Everything wasnperfect. Well almost everything. I mean, I just got reborn (if yanthink about it that way), but I still felt like I was missingnsomething. Something…important. Thannit came to me. Nikko.nHe was here but a part of him wasn't. He was there when I was back,nand when he kissed me, but he has suddenly been avoiding me. Insentenced those thoughts away when Janet approached me at the doorsnto school, not even daring to ask about some of the scars I havenrevealing. And I was grateful for that. Even though I didn't see mynso called 'father', doesn't mean he still wasn't out there.nOut there, searching for me. Janetngiggled as I rolled my eyes at the sudden appearance of Nikko, doingna weird dance move as he came over to me. He grabbed my hand tightlynin his, and then I noticed it. There was a smudge of something red innthe corner of his mouth. Something like lipstick. \"Nikko,\"nI began, but paused so I could wide the traces off of him. Yep,ndefinitely lipstick, \"Who have you been kissing?\" I saw him tensenthen run away. Just like that. Janet, who knew about ournrelationship, was mumbling under her breathe, like as though she wasncussing at Nikko. \"Damn,nNikko,\" I heard, \"Wait until she's gone before doing that.\"nThen my suspicions increased. Who was this person? What was Nikkondoing anyway? What did Janet know? (LaternOn: Still Courtney's P.O.V.) \"Okaynguys! Lets practice!\" I shouted, happy to do something I love. Thennhe came in. Nikko rushed up to the stage, his clothes slightly messednup. His hair was scattered everywhere and there was traces ofnlipstick on his neck. Now, I was pissed. \"Nikko!\"nI hollered at him, startling him out of his state. He was obviouslynscared because his eyes widened and his feet immediately froze. \"So,nNikko,\" I paused when I heard everyone behind me whispering to eachnother. I heard what I heard when Janet did it. 'Nikko! You couldn'tnwait!' and 'Damn, is Nikko crazy!'. Mynanger flared. Everyone. Everyonenknew about him. They knew everything he was doing. They all werenhiding this from me. But WHAT were they hiding?! Continuingnmy question, I bellowed at Nikko, \"So, who were you with?\" I feltnbetrayal in my veins. It was horrible. \"Nonone!\" He hollered back, nervous. Wait, nervous? Nikko, what are younhiding? \"Thennhow did you get covered in lipstick?!\" I felt every word seep withnvenom. He felt it too. I know it. \"Nikko!\" Hendidn't answer. He only ran. Out the room, hopefully out the school.nAnd I did the most stupidest thing ever. I ran after him. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX WhennI caught up to him, I stood back as he approached a car. Hiding innthe nearby bush, I watched as someone stepped out. The one. Thenone who was kissing him. The one who was loving him, feeling him,ntouching him. Was Tammi! Everynbone in my body ached. Every scar my 'father' gave me wasnstarting to sting. He was really doing this. I made a loud rustle innthe bushes to tell them I was there. They both snapped and faced me.nNikko, shocked, and Tammi, satisfied. I despise them. I despise themnboth. \"Courtney?nWhat…?\" Nikko stared in aw as I cried. I let the tears flow andnlet him see that I was mad. Not mad, well mad, but I was actuallynsad. \"Stop!\"nI yelled, running up to him and slapping him across the face twice,ncontinuing, \"I seriously fell for it didn't I? Well I guess thenjokes on me, huh? You had your fun. Now I want something in return.\"nAt his confused stare, I smirked behind my tears. I raised my leg andnstomped on his foot, then kicked him where no one should ever hurt. \"Ow!!\"nHe shouted, bending over to hold his now throbbing area. Laughing, Inslapped him then ran, leaving him with his whore. \"Goodbye,nNikko.\" Wellnthat's it!!! I can't believe I came up with this, but I did warnnyou! Anyway, Review! I'm sorry I didn't write sooner. Writersnblock was eating me alive. But don't worry! I have many new ideasnfor Spectacular! Byenfor Now!!!![Chapter 7] \"How could Nikkoncheat on me?!\" I wondered as I ran home. And so filled with rage, Indidn't bother to think about the trouble I am in and will be in.nActually, all I thought about was anger. Towards Nikko and towardsnthe world. I remember what my mother once told me. Sometimes, there'snjust no one to count on. Sometimes, you're just all alone. \"Bitch!\" My fathernhollered at me as I approached the dark house. He stood by the door,nbeer in hand. I couldn't feel his glare though. It was like whennNikko sat there holding his privates (LOL!!!) and I walked away. Itnwas like I left my heart or soul with him. I was now just an emptynshell. Walking past mynfather, he made no attempt to stop me, considering his wobbly feetndidn't let him go far. As I stomped up the steps, I heard dadnsitting himself on the old sofa, drinking as much as he could. As I entered my room,ndisgust filled my gut as I saw all of them . All the picturesnof my so called \" friends \". They were smiling and Nikko hadnhis arms around me as I kissed his cheek. Anger and betrayal wasnall I felt threw my veins. He lied to me…HE FUCKIN LIED TO ME!!! Infelt so used and betrayed that I did something I knew I was toonfrozen to forget. I grabbed every picture and chucked them.nLiterally. At the wall, making the frames shatter into millions ofnglass pieces, allowing them to cut the pictures. All but one. Nikkonwas kissing me and I was so happy. That moment I couldn't shatter.nNot even if I wanted to. As I opened my eyes tonwhat I had done, tears began to surface. Tears for me, for my mother,nfor Nikko, for the pictures, and for mostly my life. How didneverything turn out so bad ? I can still picture the days whennmy father actually smiled and my mother was alive. Nikko wasnthe perfect rock star boyfriend and everyone envied me. Even Tammi.nShe would've done anything to be as amazingly perfect as possible.nEven steal my boy. I sobbed as I crawlednover to the pictures. Some had tears near the faces and edges mostly.nGathering up as much as I could of the pictures, I attempted to putnthe frames back together, making me sob harder as the just fell apartnall over again. \"I'm sorry,\" Inwhimpered out over and over again. And I was. For hurting Nikko, forndieing, for living, for everything. It was like I had nothing to benproud of. I can't do show choir anymore, and I couldn't donanything else. And I even wondered if it was in vain. When I wasnreborn, was I fated to be alone. Should I miss use god's gift andnlive even though I'm not with Nikko? Or should I kill myself, givensomeone else the gift of life. Maybe a butterfly or a lion. Somethingnstrong and beautiful, with a soft edge to its personality. But thennit would repeat itself. I would fall in love, die, reborn, betrayed,ndie, and then repeat it. Over and over again until something newnhappened. Maybe one of the new lives would live. Choose to live andnbe happy. This angered me more than the thought of everythingnrepeating. How come?! How come I'm the one who suffers?! What did Indo?! Live. That's what I did. I was born. The hell girl. Who cannbend a rose without breaking it I heard my mother's voicenwhisper. Then I knew what I would do. I would do what I love andnforget what I hate. I will run. I willnsing. I will dance. I will LIVE .[Chapter 8] Packing all that Inowned (which was not much) I slid open the window and hopped out,nglad that the upstairs wasn't high off the ground. Grabbing my bag,nI took in the fresh air happily and darted across the back yard, andnover the fence. I was doing it. I was running away. And I was NOTncoming back. Nearing Nikko'snhome, I pondered on telling him goodbye, but I shortly realized hisncar wasn't there. It was his brother's. Sitting the bag down on anbench, I jogged up to the door and took out a piece of paper out ofnmy pocket. All I wrote was GOODBYE . Not a sincerely or mynname. Just goodbye. And I felt some weight slam into my chest as Inslid under the door and into the house. Guilt. I hate it. It was anhorrible feeling I had, but I ignored it, because I knew he wouldn'tncare that I was gone. He had Tammi. Running as fast as Incould, I retrieved my bag and darted down the street, not evennlooking back. Because I knew if I did, I wouldn't leave. I wouldn'tnbe able to. As I made it about two miles away from his house, I camento a busy intersection. Cars were rushing by in a blink of an eye. Incouldn't pass this way. Tears filled my eyes as I realized this isnas far as I could get. I couldn't leave. I was stuck. That was whatnI thought. Until I heard a loud screech coming down the road. A carnin the shade of red squirmed as I spun out and came towards me. My head screamed andnhollered at me to move, but I couldn't. I realized it was my onlynescape. Death. My legs were glued to the ground as I closed my eyesntight, waiting for the impact. But I felt…nothing. Wait! WasnI…flying? Opening my eyes, I again shut them as I slammed into thenground, hearing a sharp cracking noise from leg. I looked down at itnto see it badly bleeding and a piece of the bone sticking out. It wasnbent in a weird direction. Frozen. I couldn'tnmove my body at all as people stopped their cars to run to me. Thenfirst people that I ever saw that had concern for me. And one ofnthem…was Nikko. \"Courtney!\" Thatnwas the last thing I heard as I slipped more into my darkness. It wasnmy blanket, and I loved it. It was isolated from everything, exceptnhis voice. \"Courtney! Please!\"nI felt Nikko shake my shoulders, begging me to be alive, \"OPEN YOURnEYES!\" He hollered fearfully as I went limp. I couldn't feel hisnwords. I didn't feel them sink in. They just flew around my body,nnot connecting into my ears or brain. \"No…!\" Inwhispered with what strength I had left. \"What?\" Nikkonwouldn't leave. He wouldn't let me die. Opening my eyes, I pushednhim away (not far with the little strength I had), and bellowed atnthe top of my lungs before I fainted. \"I WANNA LIVE!!!\" ","Summary":" Blood. It was everywhere. If you turned a corner, there was three more gallons of it, all over the "},{"Movie":"Spectacular!","Title":"Insufficiently Spectacular!","Author":"Kate-Emma","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5430333","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Spectacular! But I have met Tammin Sursok, back when she was on Home and Away . Nice girl! A/N: Okay, so where did this come from? Well; a few areas really. 1. My fave Spectacular! character is Janet. I love her faith and naivety. She believes in yetis and the Loch Ness Monster! She's adorable. 2. My crush on Simon Curtis. He's sooo hot. *claws* and 3. The scene from 'Something to Believe In' during Janet's chorus where Royce is enjoying it all just a little too much. So now you know how my brain works (and just how closely I've been re-watching Spectacular! since it aired here a few weeks ago), I give you… - Insufficiently Spectacular! Summary: Royce bargains his way back into Spectacular!, but is the backstabber really in for the long haul, or is he playing games? (Love Square - Janet/Royce/Courtney/Nikko) - \"Roll call tachies!\" Courtney's voice carried over the empty auditorium as she walked in, clutching her clipboard under her arm. It had been eight weeks since they'd been brutally disqualified from the Nationals and since then Courtney had started dating Nikko, Robin had broken her ankle twice and fallen down a flight of stairs, Nikko had toured five states (including their own – Washington) and Flux's album had sold over 500,000 copies. In such a short space of time great things had happened for almost everyone in the group, rising from the Nationals until they had reached new heights. Now, even though they hadn't won the Nationals search, they had been handed a Wild Card into a Kentucky-based competition. It was this good news that came clipped to Courtney's clipboard that afternoon. \"Are we all here?\" \"All minus one.\" Caspian said from the front of the stage where he sat, one leg curled beneath him. \"Still no sign of lover girl.\" It had been Spectacular!-wide knowledge for a fortnight now that Janet had a new boyfriend. Being her best friend, Courtney had known for a lot longer than that, but still the identity of the mystery beau remained, well, a mystery. \"Well, that's okay, I can tell her later. I have great news!\" Courtney withdrew the poster and held it up for the others to read. \"What is it?\" \"We're playing guessing games now?\" Tajid grinned as he looked up from his computer. \"'Kentucky Show Choir Championships.' Read it tachies. Read it and feel inspired!\" She handed it to Lara, the girl nearest to her. \"Pass it around and remember: this is our Nationals people. No obsessive judges, no numbers limit and, most importantly, no Tada!\" \"Kentucky Championships? You have to be a Nationals winner to get into this.\" Robin said, passing the note on as she leant all her weight on her one good leg. \"Or a Wild Card.\" Courtney grinned. \"Guess who's a Wild Card?\" She withdrew from her clipboard another slip of paper. \"Wild Card 2 of 3: Spectacular!, Washington State. Get excited! We're going to Kentucky!\" The group before Courtney got very excited, but it was Caspian's reality check that brought them back. \"Wait, Kentucky is in eight weeks. Nikko's on tour for the next three months.\" Courtney sighed. \"I know, he says he's going to come back for it. He promised.\" \"Or you could give the lead role to someone else.\" Came a voice from the doorway. They all looked up to see Janet had finally arrived, covered in a large waterproof jacket that Courtney recognised but couldn't figure out why. \"Hey, sorry I'm late.\" \"It's fine. I've got some good news. We got a Wild Card to Kentucky Championships.\" Janet's eyes went as wide as saucers. \"That's why you want Nikko back? Wow, that's awesome. I thought you meant another performance, sorry.\" She gave a small grin. \"This is so cool Court. We're going to Kentucky!\" \"Wait a minute again…\" Caspian spoke again. \"You said 'no Tada'. They should be there after winning Nationals.\" \"Apparently Royce has gone AWOL. No news on what's happened to him.\" \"Uh, I might have an answer to that.\" Janet spoke up from just behind Courtney where she had stood reading the Wild Card news off the clipboard. All eyes turned in her direction. \"Tammi kicked him out of Tada after they won Nationals. She obviously forgot the Kentucky Championships were on this year.\" Courtney failed to hide a smile. \"I knew she was a fraud. Everybody knows what years the Kentucky Championships are held. Every five years since 1994.\" She stopped the grinning and looked at her best friend. \"Wait, why do you know so much about Royce Du Luc's fall out with Tada? It wasn't in the Show Choir News.\" Janet got nervous, twisting her toe into the carpeted auditorium floor. \"Long story.\" \"Then shorten it.\" Courtney returned, uneasiness appearing in her voice. \"I might just show you.\" Hurrying back to the auditorium doors, Janet pulled them open and waved to someone outside. The group inside watched on in silence as their ex-member and one-time enemy walked back inside. Royce gave them all a half-hearted wave as he took Janet's hand. \"That mystery guy?\" Janet tried not to look too guilty, but she failed under the glare she was receiving from Courtney. A look as cold as ice. - Next chapter: What's Royce's story? Will Spectacular! welcome him back after everything he's done? And what news does Nikko have that will hurt Courtney's dream?[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don't own Spectacular! A/N: A big thanks to JustOneBreath who has Story Alerted this piece and Skyski who has Favourited, Alerted and Reviwed! Cheers for the support. But, gee I would love some more reviews… hint hint. Am I being subtle enough? Just a line or two. Please. Say yes! - Insufficiently Spectacular! - Summary: Royce bargains his way back into Spectacular!, but is the backstabber really in for the long haul, or is he playing games? (Love Square - Janet/Royce/Courtney/Nikko) Previously: Spectacular! were handed a second chance to shine, but it's one they may have to do without their enigmatic lead male singer. Meanwhile the identity of Janet's new mystery beau is revealed to be none other than Royce Du Luc… - \"Say something Court.\" Janet's face failed to hide the disappointment etched across it. She had never been very good at hiding her emotions, especially not from her best friend of many years, but this time it was obvious to even the most oblivious individual. Guilt. The look on Courtney's face had only heightened that. Courtney wasn't happy at all. \"Please Court.\" \"What do you want me to say Janet? That this is fantastic? The best thing to happen to Spectacular! since the invention of glitter?\" Janet's head hung at Courtney's out of character sarcasm. \"Royce is banned from this auditorium!\" \"Courtney, don't over react…\" Royce made to intervene but Courtney's cold look shot him down. He fell silent, turning his gaze to the floor. \"Janet, this thing is a charlatan, a mountebank, a back-stabber.\" Caspian spoke up, spitting the word 'thing' in reference to Royce with the venom it so rightly deserved. \"How can you even think about giving him a chance?\" \"You don't know the whole story.\" Janet protested. But Courtney was having none of it. \"I know enough of the story, I know enough about him and I know enough about you. You're naïve Janet. You believe in Bigfoot, the Loch Ness Monster and poltergeist. They're not real Janet and whatever he's told you is just the same.\" She grabbed her bag. \"But I'm not going to stand here and argue with you about this. If you really are my best friend, then you'll know why this…\" she danced one accusatory finger between Janet and Royce, \"is never going to be acceptable.\" Stalking past them she shoved open the auditorium doors and left without another word. The rest of Spectacular!, leaving their cold glares directed at the couple in the doorway, went back to their private conversations. Janet just sighed. She hadn't expected a resounding welcome or acceptance, but she hadn't expected this either. \"Maybe you should go talk to her in private. This obviously is a big shock for her.\" Janet sighed. \"You know Courtney. You know that won't be enough.\" She sighed. \"Maybe she's right.\" Royce's hand dropped hers. \"I'm sorry, what?\" \"She's my best friend and I've gone behind her back.\" Royce folded his arms. \"Okay. Look, you clearly have a decision to make so maybe I'll just let you do it.\" Then, turning his back on her, Royce left as well. With a sigh Janet leant on the chair behind her fighting back the tears prickling in her eyes, threatening to spill over. 'Well done Janet,' she scolded herself, 'stuffed up again.' * Courtney trudged up the stairs of Nikko's apartment, too immersed in her own self-pity to notice she was about to walk right into Stavros. He caught her by the shoulders and stopped her. \"Woah.\" Courtney looked up with a sigh. \"Hey, are you alright?\" Courtney shrugged. \"Yeah? Is Nikko here?\" \"Rooftop, go right through.\" Stavros pointed her inside and she slid past him, pushing open the doors and stepping out onto the roof. Joey Rome (or whom Courtney still called Mr. Romano despite knowing it wasn't his real name) and the rest of Flux stood with him. They seemed to be discussing something hurriedly, Nils and Eric seemingly disagreeing with Nico and Mr. Romano. Nils spotted her watching on first and waved her over. \"Hey,\" Nikko left the group and came to her, dropping a kiss on the side of her head. As he pulled away he noticed Courtney's downtrodden expression. \"What's wrong?\" \"Three words: Royce. Du. Luc.\" She counted the words off on her fingers. \"Seemingly leaving and taking our Nationals with him just wasn't enough.\" \"What has that preppy little garden gnome done now?\" Nikko growled, still keen to finish off the cardboard cutout. \"He's managed to convince Janet that he deserves a second chance.\" Nikko looked confused but Courtney just held up a hand. \"It's a long story, I'll tell you later when my first desire isn't to throttle him.\" Nikko chuckled. \"Anyway, I have good news. Spectacular! just got invited to perform in Kentucky at the Show Choir Championships. It's not exactly the AFJC Nationals but it's a chance.\" Nikko grinned, happy for her. \"How awesome is that?\" \"Well, I have some good news too. We've just been invited to tour Canada!\" \"What?\" Courtney squealed and Nikko grinned. \"That's even more awesome!\" She gave Nikko a hug, proud of him. \"Looks like both our dreams are coming true.\" \"We deserve it.\" Courtney nodded, quickly forgetting the whole Royce and Janet business. Nikko continued. \"Tour starts in October.\" \"Wait, what?\" Courtney pulled away from him with a frown. \"The Championships are on October 24th and 25th.\" Nikko sighed. \"We'll be in Vancouver.\" Courtney put her face in her hands, unable to believe her bad luck. It was all weighing down on her and right now all she wanted to do was cry, but in the end she put on a brave face. \"It'll be okay, we'll, uh, we'll sort something out, right?\" Nikko played along, seeing she was hurting. \"Of course we will.\" Then he hugged her again, neither keen to face the reality before them. They couldn't achieve both dreams together. They had to choose. It was one or the other… * Royce's headache burned the back of his eyes. Popping two paracetamol and rubbing at his temples, he tried to forget about the disaster that had been that day. He didn't know what he'd expected when he'd turned up at Spectacular!'s rehearsals. Forgiveness seemed ridiculously far-fetched, but it had been Janet's persistence that had driven him to attempt a return. Her naivety had been refreshing to him, a welcome change to Tammi and her Ta-Da army who had come equipped with enough paranoia to sink a ship. Every one of them had caused him enough stress to last him a lifetime. The creative freedom he'd lived with during his time at Spectacular! had been snuffed out by Tammi's naturally controlling tendencies. Every lame dance step, every boring song choice and every bad decision had been down to Tammi. Despite losing the trophy he'd given up friends, freedom and most importantly Courtney Lane for, he couldn't help but be thankful he was free of Tammi's reign of terror. When he'd seen Spectacular!'s performance that night at the Nationals something had taken over, something that was awoken when Tammi had strutted off trophy in hand – they were having fun. Some time ago he'd given up fun for success. Given up why he'd joined show choir in the first place. Somewhere along the line this had become work instead. So when Janet found him in the Nationals green room frowning at the wall and wondering what he'd do now he was between groups, his guard had been down. And her words had been a breath of fresh air. 'It's not the end of the world,' she smiled in her usual happy-go-lucky tone. 'At least you're not endangered, like the Yowie.' He'd grinned then, despite being aware that Janet did genuinely believe Yowies were real. He'd surprised himself then with a compliment. 'I didn't know you could sing like that.' She'd shrugged. 'Well, you sounded amazing.' She'd given her shy smile then. 'You weren't so bad yourself.' After that the Indian guy Tajid had turned up and led her away, surprising himself again as he realised he'd wanted her to stay. After that going after her hadn't been questionable. She'd gotten under his skin. No one did that without a fight. But now he seemed to be responsible for her fall-out with Courtney and after everything Royce had put his ex through over the past year (leaving Spectacular!, joining Ta-Da, various moves that seemed planned to inflict the ultimate insult on the preppy brunette), he couldn't rip apart her friendship with Janet. Even if it meant a throbbing headache and a whole lot of regrets. The thumping in his head was eventually echoed in his ears by tapping on the front door. His stomach lurching in the hope it was Janet come to give him good news, he hastened down the hall and pulled it open, frowning at the brunette grinning back at him. \"What are you doing here?\" \"I can't come visit an old friend?\" Tammi Dyson just beamed and slid past him, inviting herself inside. \"We need to talk.\" - Next chapter: Royce refuses to take 'no' for an answer, Courtney tries to convince Nikko to stick with Spectacular! and the vote goes up for Spectacular!'s lead male soloist: Nikko or Royce?[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I still don't own Spectacular! butnI've been told Royce Du Luc is in the mail… hee hee. Music by VannMorrison. A/N: Song lyrics are in italics . - Insufficiently Spectacular! - Summary: Royce bargains his way back intonSpectacular!, but is the backstabber really in for the long haul, ornis he playing games? (Love Square - Janet/Royce/Courtney/Nikko) Previously: Courtney took the news of Royce andnJanet as well as can be expected, Nikko came with good and bad newsnof a tour in Canada for Flux and Royce was visited by bad news of hisnown – Tammi Dyson. - Janet'snlounge room was a mess. Her mother was always at work paying off thenmortgage, her father spent all free hours working on his new noveln(he was an adequately successful crime writer with two novels undernhis belt) so it was down to Janet to clean up. Polishing and takingnher anger out on the coffee table that afternoon, Janet's thoughtsndrifted back to the day after the Nationals, the day Royce had firstnturned up at her house. He'd been waiting for her on her porch whennshe'd come home from an afternoon out with Courtney (an afternoonnthat had been led by a discussion about Courtney's kiss with ancertain rockstar-in-training). She'd frowned at the sight of him. \"Royce?nWhat are you doing here?\" She'd assumed only one thing. \"Courtneynisn't here.\" \"Inknow.\" He'd stood then, sticking his hands in his pocketsnsurprisingly nervous. \"I hoped to find someone to talk to and Inthought of you.\" Janetnhad just pulled out her door keys. \"And why do you think I'dnlisten?\" But she'd already known then that she would, it was justnthe kind of person she was. \"After everything you've done tonSpectacular! you don't really deserve my time.\" \"You'renright, I don't, but I can ask can't I?\" Afternthat she'd left him there on the doorstep for a few minutes, eagernto see if he was as keen as he made out. When she re-emerged fivenminutes later with two glasses of iced tea he was still there.nFunnily enough conversation came easily. After that things had stayedneasy. They didn't talk about him leaving Spectacular! or the manynthings he'd done to hurt them all. They just talked about thenthings they had in common, which was actually quite a lot of things.nIt was just better that way. Not that avoiding the issue made it gonaway. The Courtney spat that afternoon had assured her of that. Nownshe was left with a mess on her hands that she knew she'd have tonclean up – much like the living room before her. \"Dad,nyou left your sandwich down here!\" She called upstairs, grabbingnthe plate off the couch and going to the bottom of the stairs. \"Dad!\" \"I'llnbe down in a minute. I had a shot of inspiration,\" her fatherncalled back. Janet just smiled. \"I'llnbring it up t…\" she stopped as the front doorbell rang. \"Let menjust get that.\" Dumping the sandwich on the table by the door,nJanet pulled it open and frowned at the figure on the doorstep.n\"Royce?\" He gave a small smile. \"What are you doing here?\" \"Anpeace offering.\" He held up a bag of what looked to be Thai food,nJanet's favourite. \"Plus I know it's your night to cook.\" Henwas right, but then as the only child of two workaholics, almostnEVERY night was her night to cook. Janet frowned, unsure whether tongive in. Of course she wanted to let him in, but at the same timenhe'd said he'd give her space to decide what to do about the feudnwith Courtney. This wasn't exactly giving her space. Royce seemednto read the expression. \"I won't stay, this is just for you.\"nHe handed it over and Janet glanced inside. \"Thanknyou.\" He gave a silent shrug. \"Whonis it darling?\" Janet's dad yelled from upstairs. \"Thendelivery boy!\" Janet called back with a grin. She frowned at thenfood again then thumbed back behind her. \"There's a lot here.nMaybe you should stay.\" Roycensmiled. \"I was hoping you'd say that.\" Then he followed herninside, pushing the front door closed behind him. * \"Youncan push it back!\" Courtney sighed into her phone as she enterednthe auditorium the next day, frowning at the group before her.nEveryone was there, including Janet, but there was (thankfully) nonsign of Royce. Janet stood as Courtney entered and she hoped it hadnsomething to do with Janet's admission that Courtney was right andnRoyce was bad news. Of course, right now, her issue was with Nikkonand his Canada trip. Kentucky registration was in a fortnight. If shendidn't register their song and troupe names, they could face thensame problems as Nationals – disqualified for performing withnunregistered members. Not to mention a lack of practice. It was andisaster. \"We'rentrying to get dates changed now. Look, we're mid practice, let mencall you back Court.\" Then Nikko hung up. Snapping her phone shutnCourtney knew she had to tell the rest what was going on. It wasnunfair to leave them out of it. \"Alrightneveryone, gather around, we need a chat.\" \"Court,ncan I talk to you?\" Janet said, hastening to Courtney's side asnsoon as the brunette put away her cell. \"Later,nI have some news first.\" The rest of Spectacular! gathered around.n\"Nikko just got some good, no, great news. Flux is touring Canada!\"nThe group cheered and clapped for their friend. Courtney hushed themnwith a hand. \"The problem is, it's in October. He may not be ablento make it to Kentucky.\" \"What!\"nCaspian gasped. \"We can't do this without him.\" \"Henmight make it, and he'll make most of the practices, but it's allnon a wing and a prayer.\" Courtney sighed. \"I just thought younshould know.\" \"Sonmaybe we need a new male vocalist?\" Janet spoke up, all eyesnturning in her direction. \"Someone who isn't weighed down by thenrestraints of touring and other projects.\" \"Whondo you have in mind?\" Tajid asked, glancing at Caspian in thenassumption she meant him. \"Royce.\" \"Notnan option.\" Courtney snapped, closing down Janet's suggestionnquickly. \"Why?nHe wants back in. He's prepared to give it his all.\" \"Notnan option.\" Courtney repeated, putting her things down on a chairnthree rows back from the stage and sitting down. \"Anyway, if he'snso keen to prove himself, where is he?\" \"He'snoutside, waiting for me to clear his return with you.\" \"Wencan do this with Nikko, we can. Come on guys; remember how we werenbefore he joined? We were a mess. We can't do this without him.\" \"Andnwe can't do this without a lead male vocalist either.\" Janetnadded. Courtneynsighed. \"I'd rather risk a few bad practices with Nikko then anwhole lot of worse practices with…\" she paused as Royce enterednthe auditorium. \"With him.\" Courtney turned away from the doorsnand looked back at Janet. \"Wellnthen why don't we put it to a vote?\" \"There'snnothing to vote for!\" Janetnshook her head. \"You're all for free speech for us, as long as itnmeans we agree with you and your boyfriend.\" \"Inthink I speak on behalf of everyone when I say Spectacular! would benbetter off with me and my boyfriend then you and your backstabbingnone.\" Courtney returned just as coldly, Janet turning away as thengroup started to wander away to their own positions around thenauditorium, embarrassed by the sudden fighting between the bestnfriends. Their moves woke Courtney to reality. She had promised longnago she would stop being so controlling. It was time she acted onnthat promise. \"Okay, let's put it to the vote.\" She stood,nwalking up to the stage and gathering everyone's eyes. \"It'snsimple: Nikko – our saviour, hero, the guy who has never let usndown before or Royce.\" Janetnjoined her on the stage, keen to stand up for her cause. \"Royce –nvoted one of the best soloists in show choir history. A fannfavourite. A…\" Janet failed under Courtney's cold look. Roycenjoined Janet on the stage and smiled at her. \"Let me.\" He turnednto the group. \"I don't have to tell you why you should let mensing for you. I can just show you.\" He withdrew from his pocket ansmall white MP3 player and passed it back to Tajid who was standingnnear the docking station. \"Van Morrison, it should be up already.\"nTajid nodded and plugged it in. Royce looked back at the audience.n\"Plus I have no plans for October 24th.nEven if you don't let me sing for you, I'll still be therencheering on Janet.\" Janet blushed from beside him and hung her headna little in embarrassment. Having just made her way back to her seatnin the audience, Courtney scowled. 'Here comes the charm', shenthought. Royce continued. \"So you may as well use me.\" Courtneyntook a moment to speak up, realising the charm was working betternthan she'd first feared. The line was dangerously threatening, butnenough at first. \"Oh, and if you decide to bring in a new malenvocalist, you can start looking for a new female one too.\" Shenleant back then, crossing her arms over her chest and watching allneyes turn on her. Roycenstepped to thenfront of the stage, looking down at Spectacular!'s once bossy but nownsilent leader. \"You refuse to sing with me?\" Courtneynnodded, making it obvious to the others that she would never worknwith Royce ever again if it were humanly possible. \"Okay.\"nHe glanced back at Tajid. \"Domino, track 5.\" Janetngasped and stepped toward him. \"Don't do this. We can't losenCourtney.\" \"Shenwon't leave, she loves Spectacular! too much. Anyway, it'snsomeone else's time to shine and I know just the person.\" He gavenher a smile before he stepped forward and started to sing. \" Don'tnwant to discuss it. I think it's time for a change. You may getndisgusted, start thinking that I'm strange .\"nRoyce started down the stairs and towards the audience. Courtneynlistened on in silent anger. The choice of song was enough tonconvince her that Royce would not let up until he was in charge ofnSpectacular!, but this didn't surprise her one bit. What hurt thenmost was that Janet looked happy to sit back and let it happen. \" Innthat case I'll go underground, get some heavy rest. Never have tonworry about what is worst and what is best .\"nCourtney turned her gaze to Janet, the small part-Asian girl gettingninto the whole thing, grinning and dancing in one spot. \" Ohndomino, roll me over Romeo, there you go... ooooohhhh, domino. \"nAs the chorus finished Royce managed an impromptu few dance steps innthe aisle, gathering Spectacular's back-up dancer Gigi into the move.nAs she re-took her seat and Royce moved on to verse two to continuensweeping her show choir off their feet, Gigi grinned back atnCourtney. The look fell as soon as her eyes met Courtney's. It wasnalso at that exact moment that she realized - she and Nikko werendone. Janet and Royce owned Spectacular! now. \" There'snno need for arguments, there's no arguments at all. And if younnever hear from him, that just means he didn't call .\"nHe'd reached Janet now and Courtney could see in his eyes he wasnsilently asking her to step in. She wasn't surprised at all whennJanet did just that. \" Ornvice versa, that depends on wherever you're at. And if you nevernhear from me that just means I would rather not, no… \"nCourtney sighed at the look on Janet's face. She was enjoying thisnfar too much now. She'd had a taste of lead female vocalist and itnwasn't the kind of addiction you could break easily. \" Ohndomino, call me over Romeo, there you go .\"nRoyce spun and dipped her and Janet laughed her little giggle, anlaugh that Courtney had liked before but now was irritated by. No onenwould ever call Janet the smartest fish in the fish tank, but to fallnfor the games of a guy like Royce Du Luc? That wasn't just stupid, itnwas also being a bad friend. Royce was her ex! There was an unspokenncode amongst friends - don't date the ex. Even if he's JakenGyllenhaal and he's begging on one knee, you don't date your bestnfriend's ex! As Royce finished up the group burst into applause.nCourtney stood with a sigh. \"Congratulations,\"nshe startednover the group's clapping. Janet looked away from Royce and metnCourtney's eye with a frown. \"I think the decision isnunanimous.\" She dropped her clipboard to the seat beside her.n\"They're all yours now Royce.\" Then, grabbing hernbelongings, Courtney stalked from the auditorium. - Nextnchapter: WillnCourtney really leave Spectacular! for good? Can Janet save theirnfriendship? And why has Tammi returned for Royce?[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I still don't own Spectacular! If Indid, Ta-Da wouldn't have won; Janet would've cos I love her! A/N: I have a challenge for you. Roll onnover to Youtube, find Simon Curtis' (aka Royce) page and check outndeets on his new song Delusional. It's pop-tastic and I love it cosnA: it's Simon and B: it sounds like Darren Hayes and I LURVE DarrennHayes. So yeah. Oh and do what the man says so we get free downloads.nK, link is… watch?v=IcgaCu2wiAI. Stick that behind the Youtubenusual and enjoy pop greatness! Oh, and Ghostbusters. And heck-lariousnfootage of Simon mouthing along to this own song. Hee hee. Anyways,nenough from me… Shout-outnto everyone who has this on Story Alert. Cheers peeps. Review? - Insufficiently Spectacular! - Summary: Royce bargains his way back intonSpectacular!, but is the backstabber really in for the long haul, ornis he playing games? (Love Square - Janet/Royce/Courtney/Nikko) Previously: Royce did something nice for Janet,nbut was there a motive behind it? Courtney realised she would have tonface Kentucky without Nikko, and Royce sang and danced his way notnonly back into Spectacular! but back into control as well… - \"Courtney!\"nJanet's voiced bridged the distance between them as Courtneynstormed from the auditorium and out into the school's halls. Peoplenstopped and looked at the commotion as Janet's voice rose again,nemotion cracking. \"Court, please, stop.\" Courtney did just that,nbut she didn't turn to face her best friend. \"Please, can wentalk?\" Janet's voice lowered as she came closer. \"Please.\" Hernpleading eventually got the better of Courtney. \"What do you havento say Janet? Because I don't really want to talk right now. All Inreally want to do is sit in a corner with my stuffed rabbit andnwonder what I did to deserve being stabbed in the back like this bynmy best friend.\" Janetnsighed. \"Court please, I didn't mean for this to happen.\" \"Thennwhat was meant to happen? I'd suddenly forget everything he did andnwe'd go back to how it was before he left us to perform with Ta-Da?nAll happy and forgotten?\" Janet's head sunk and Courtney realisednshe hadn't really thought this through. \"I just have one questionnJanet. Why? Why him?\" \"Indon't know, it just kinda happened.\" Janet shrugged. \"I didn'tnthink, I'm sorry. But please, we can work through this right? Youndon't have to leave Spectacular!\" \"Incan't perform with him Janet, I won't.\" \"Well,nthen, maybe…\" Janet shuffled nervously, dropping eye contact.n\"Maybe you could stay and just let me sing lead female soloist?\"nShe looked up with a look like she expected Courtney to slap her andnwalk away. \"I mean, I know I'm not as good as you but…\" Courtneyncut her off. \"Are you kidding? Janet, your voice is amazing and I'mnsorry we never found out before.\" Janet gave a shy smile andnCourtney knew what she had to do. \"You really want me to stay?\" \"Court,nit won't be the same without you. Plus I don't want to do itnwithout you. You're my best friend Court, have been since we werensix. I signed up to Spectacular! because you did. If you leave, I'mnleaving too.\" Courtneynsmiled. \"Okay, okay, enough dramatic speeches, you're going tonmake me teary.\" Janet grinned then, before Courtney could saynanything else, Janet was hugging her. She hugged her friend back. \"Inguess I'm staying then?\" Janetngrinned as she pulled away. \"Thank you. And I promise to side withnyou in any arguments.\" ButnCourtney shook her head. \"No favourites Janet. If you think I'mnwrong, tell me, okay?\" Janet nodded with a grin. Courtney sighed.n\"But you'll have to go a few days without me.\" Janetnfrowned. \"Why? What's wrong?\" \"Oh,nnothing's wrong. My grandfather is retiring and we're headed tonPortland for five days for his big retirement do. I told you thisnthree weeks ago,\" she tapped her friend's head. \"You have thenmemory of a goldfish sometimes.\" \"Whatndid you say?\" Thenfriends laughed before Courtney turned serious, glancing back at thenauditorium. \"You really like Royce?\" Janet looked guilty again.n\"No, I want to know what you see that nobody before you has.\" Janetnshrugged with a smile. \"I don't know, just little things. Like henremembers what nights I have to cook and comes with dinner prepared,nhas these insanely long and complex conversations with my dad that henloves and I don't understand at all. Publishing stuff I think. Henjust says and does the right things when they need to be done.\" \"Henhas a lot of charm.\" Courtney muttered, failing to hide the disgustnin her voice. \"Butnthat's not it. It's genuine, I can tell.\" Janet read Courtney'snlook correctly. \"I know I'm probably being naïve, stupid even,nbut I really do believe him. I know the things you said about him arenthere, somewhere, but he doesn't show them. He shows a side of himnthat I don't think anyone else sees.\" Courtneynwas taken in by the faith and honesty in Janet's tone and smiled.n\"You really like him.\" Janet shrugged. \"You do, admit it.\" Janetnchuckled nervously. \"Yeah, I do.\" Courtneynnodded. \"Okay.\" Janet glanced up at her. \"If you tell me thatnunderneath all that arrogant is a human being, I'll believe you.nBut he hurts you Janet, if he's playing on your sweet faith innhumanity…\" she slammed her fist in her open palm, \"I'll crushnhim like a bug.\" \"Onlynif I don't first!\" Janet laughed. Courtney grinned and droppednher arm around her friend's shoulder. Janet glanced at her. \"So,nthe song for Kentucky?\" Courtneynfrowned. \"What makes you think I've already thought of a song?\"nJanet simply raised an eyebrow. \"Fine, I have, but really it'snbeen costume. Now, how do you feel about plaid?\" Janet feignednbeing sick. \"Really? I thought it sounded like a good idea.\" \"OkaynCourt, whatever you think.\" Then, with a grin, the friends strodenfrom the hall and out into the afternoon sunshine. * \"Royce,nyou have a visitor.\" His mother's voice hit Royce's ears as henpushed open the front door and stepped inside his house. His thoughtsnstuck on the day's events, he didn't hear her at first. He wasncaught up in the reality that he was in charge of Spectacular!, a jobnhe hadn't had exclusively before. Last time he and Courtney hadnbeen the unspoken leaders of Spectacular! despite not being theneldest in the jazz choir. Now he owned the team, something he'dnwanted since he'd joined. Well,nin reality he wasn't sole leader, it went unsaid that Janet wouldnhelp. Janet. He frowned at the reality of them. Janet and Royce. Itneven sounded weird. She was so unlike anyone he'd ever known, sonunlike all his previous girlfriends, but there was something aboutnher that drew him in. Something that he'd never thought to look fornin a girl before. She was sweet, naïve, caring and in no way keen tonbe in control. She was the exact opposite of… \"Tammi?\"nRoyce frowned at the figure standing before him in the sitting room.nShe gave a bright smile, but it didn't reach her eyes. Her smilesnnever reached her eyes. \"What do you want? I told you to leave menalone.\" Tamminsmiled. \"I heard you had good news. You regained control ofnSpectacular!\" Roycennarrowed his eyes. \"How do you know this?\" He dumped his bag atnthe foot of the lounge and motioned for her to follow him backnoutside. She did so slowly. \"It'snmy job to know. To keep tabs on the competition… if you could callnthem that.\" Tammi's airs and graces didn't deter Royce from thenpoint at hand. He was used to it. He'd endured a lot from Tammi,neven a stage where she spoke in the third person, so none of it putnhim off. \"My point is, last time I was here you didn't let menspeak, make my peace.\" \"Youndon't make peace Tammi, you specialise in war.\" Royce took a seatnon the front steps and Tammi followed suit, crossing her legs lightlynas she swivelled to face him. Shenignored his jibe. \"I'm only giving you this opportunity becausenyou're clearly so desperate to perform that you've joined thatnthing they call a show choir run by Courtney Lane,\" she spoke thenname with a sickened look on her face and fluttering eyelids, morenlike she'd just eaten something disgusting than said the name of angirl she barely knew, \"plus Royce,\" she gave a sickening smilenand touched his arm, \"you are still the best male soloist in shownchoir history. Ta-Da really are one of the best jazz choirs in shownchoir history. It's not rocket surgery Royce.\" Henignored the mixed anecdotes of 'rocket science' and 'brainnsurgery' and skipped to the question. \"You're asking me tonreturn to Ta-Da?\" She gave a curt nod. \"Let me guess, none of thentachies shaped up?\" \"TamminDyson does not work with inferior products.\" She breathed in deeplynthrough the nose like she was on the verge of gagging, the sheernmemory of auditions overwhelming her. Then she gave that sickly-sweetnsmile again. \"This is a good thing for you.\" \"Younhave got to be kidding.\" \"Inknow, who'd have thought you'd get a second chance?\" \"No,nI mean, you've got to be kidding if you think I would return afterneverything. You're insane Tammi. Clinically insane. You're annarcissistic, obsessive-compulsive tyrant who would sell her ownngrandmother for 15 seconds of fame.\" Tammi didn't look shocked,njust giving him a blank look that read 'and your point is?'. \"Inwouldn't return to Ta-Da if you offered me every trophy for thennext two years and creative control.\" Tamminchuckled. \"Creative control? Well, we'll see, but as for thentrophies? Done.\" She held out a hand expecting him to shake it. Henjust stared at it incredulously before pushing himself to his feet.n\"Not going to happen Tammi. Not in this lifetime.\" Tamminnodded. \"Alright, well, when you get sick of playing games withnthat rag-tag bunch of musically-challenged misfits and remember whatnkind of performing school three AFJC Nationals titles could get you,nthen give me a call. I'll be waiting.\" Then, hopping gracefullynto her feet, Tammi left his property with the usual bounce in hernstep, confidence in her stride. Royce cursed her silently beforenpushing open the front door of his house and stepping back inside,nfishing into his pocket for his phone and Janet's phone number. - Nextnchapter; Royce brings to the fore annew song for Kentucky. Courtney returns from Portland but will shenreturn to Spectacular! like she says? And who returns to strike upnmore trouble for Royce?[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I don't own Spectacular! THAT is property of Nickelodeon. A/N: Song lyrics in italics. Lyrics are from 'Disappear' by The Gabe Dixon Band. This chapter born from the final episode EVER of one of my favourite TV series All Saints . There will never be another medical drama like it. May it rest in TV history! Lol, I just did a eulogy to a TV show. Note: Insufficiently Spectacular! now has a trailer. Watch it on the Youtube at the extension /watch?v=JNUkv2dSEQE - Insufficiently Spectacular! - Summary: Royce bargains his way back into Spectacular!, but is the backstabber really in for the long haul, or is he playing games? (Love Square - Janet/Royce/Courtney/Nikko) Previously: Janet was able to convince Courtney to stay in Spectacular! then confessed to have fallen heavily for the ex-Ta-Da superstar, and Tammi made Royce an offer to return to Ta-Da, no questions asked… - A week later… \"Alright, voice rehearsals. Now, these were always my le…\" Royce stopped halfway into the music room, having spotted the brunette ushering Spectacular!'s tachies into ordered lines. \"Courtney?\" \"Afternoon.\" The pep stayed in her tone, but her eyes told a different story – this was still her show choir. \"I, uh, thought you were in Portland?\" Courtney smiled coldly. \"Well, obviously I'm not anymore. Now, if you don't mind, we were about to practice.\" Royce frowned softly. \"I planned to put the structure down for today and work on a new song.\" He waved Lara forward with one finger and the bubbly blonde bounded up and took a seat at the piano. \"Lara and I have been rehearsing it. I figured the tachies might want to learn the backing vocals. Who knows? It might be perfect for Kentucky?\" Courtney frowned. \"In Spectacular! we cover the basics first.\" \"Well in Ta-Da we worked through songs until we found the right one.\" Royce countered. \"Well, that may be good enough for Ta-Da, but we're Spectacular! and we do things our way.\" Courtney was determined, but Royce wasn't letting go of control just yet. \"Well it wasn't only good enough for Ta-Da, it was also good enough for Nationals.\" A bizarre hush fell over the tachies as their eyes darted between the two soloists, neither keen to intervene nor side with either of them. But they were saved when the door behind Courtney opened and a beaming Janet bounced in. \"Hey guys, sorry I'm late. What have I missed?\" Courtney plastered a smile to her face. \"Not much.\" She thumbed back at Royce. \"Royce and Lara have been working on a new song, they were just about to show us the ropes.\" \"Yeah?\" Janet grinned between the two, oblivious to the lingering anger between them, before her eyes stopped on Royce. \"You didn't tell me you had a new song?\" He shrugged. \"So, are we going to hear it or not?\" Royce glanced at Courtney who mutely stepped into line with the tachies beside Robin. Royce took that as his cue to go ahead. \"Sure, but only if you'll sing it with me.\" He handed Janet a sheet of paper with the lyrics typed upon it. She just smiled and nodded. Royce motioned to Lara who started playing. Janet grinned at Courtney, the brunette smiling back half-heartedly then allowing it to drop as Janet looked away. Royce finally began to sing, Janet reading the words off the paper in front of her as he did. \" There's no time for a warning, we've got to make our move. We can't wait until morning, we'll use the light of the moon .\" He motioned for Janet to sing and she read off the words, unsure of the beat but making it up as she went along. \" We've got love on our side, we're one step ahead .\" She grinned as Royce motioned for her to continue. \" There's no time for lies, there's no time for regrets .\" \" Holding on to love, we can't give in cos right or wrong we'll hear the angels' song and lose our fear. And we'll disappear, yeah we'll disappear .\" Courtney watched on with a frown as they both sang the chorus. Too caught up in death staring Royce, she didn't notice the figure in the doorway watching her until he spoke. \"Keep frowning like that and you'll get wrinkles.\" Everyone looked up and Lara stopped playing. It was Janet that spoke first, known for putting her first thought into words despite it being blatantly obvious to all in the room. \"Nikko! You're here?\" Courtney smiled and went to him, allowing him to give her a hug. \"First, I will never get wrinkles.\" She motioned to her a face with a faux-smug look. Nikko just snickered. \"Second, what are you doing here?\" \"Listening to you lot. What are you singing?\" \"Royce found a new song for us.\" Janet said quickly, the excitement at a new performance failing to be contained. Nikko looked at Royce like he'd only just seen him. \"Du Luc.\" \"Alexander,\" Royce returned with the same amount of distaste in his tone. \"If you don't mind, we're in vocal rehearsal at the moment.\" \"I heard the song and in all honesty, if you really think that will do then you're kidding. That's only good enough for putting to rest people with sleep deprivation.\" He started to snore loudly as Courtney and many of the tachies laughed. Even Janet cracked a smile, a look that was lost when Royce frowned heavily. \"I think it will do.\" \"Yeah, does everyone else?\" Most of Spectacular! avoided eye contact as Royce's gaze moved across their faces. \"Tell you what, give me a chance to spice this up a bit then we'll give the tachies a vote.\" Royce made to respond but Nikko cut him off. \"Unless you don't trust their judgement? Which would be strange because from what I've heard it was their judgement that allowed you into Spectacular! in the first place.\" \"Go right ahead Alexander.\" Nikko gave a gracious smile as he directed Zach to the drum kit. \"Give me a beat.\" He started up a slow one. \"Bit faster.\" Nikko nodded along to it. \"Perfect. Now, Lara, from the top please?\" Lara grinned and did what she was told as Nikko led Courtney to the centre of the room. Janet stepped back into line next to Royce who instinctively took her hand, his one ally in all of this. She just smiled at him, but was quickly caught up in Nikko's singing. \" I'll kiss your lips when you're dreaming. I'll keep a watch when you sleep .\" He spun Courtney who grinned back at him. \" And I won't stop believing, when time makes me weak .\" Janet pushed her sheet of lyrics into Courtney's hand and she took the coda. \" We've got love on our side, we're one step ahead . There's no time for lies, there's no time for regrets. \" \" Holding on to love, we can't give in cos, \" Janet and Nikko joined in,\" right or wrong we'll hear the angels' song and lose our fear. And we'll disappear, yeah we'll disappear .\" Royce suddenly interrupted, motioning for Zach to stop. \" Falling slow, far from view. I'll follow. I'll find you …\" As the piano picked up, Zach started again. Nikko started as well. \" Holding on to love, we can't give in cos ,\" this time it was Courtney and Janet who joined in, \" right or wrong we'll hear the angels' song and lose our fear .\" Janet nudged Royce and he joined in. \" And we'll disappear, yeah we'll disappear .\" \" Oooohhhh ,\" Janet sang loudly as Courtney turned to the tachies, leading them in a 'ooh, oh, oh' sing-a-long. \" We just disappear, yeah we disappear, ooh .\" Royce finished up as Zach's drumming quietened and the piano slowed to a stop. The tachies clapped and Janet gave a loud 'woo!' as the song finished. \"So, how did that sound?\" Nikko asked. \"Think we have an entry song now?\" Royce shrugged. \"We'll see. I have some other songs in mind. Maybe it's best we look at all of them before we decide on the best one.\" \"But Royce, I think this one is the best one. Four lead soloists, that would be new.\" Courtney smiled coldly. \"I thought you couldn't make it.\" Royce directed his question at Nikko. \"If I can't, Casp can sing the part. He's more suited to it than me anyway.\" Nikko slapped Caspian on the back and the tachy grinned. \"What do you guys say?\" The tachies cheered. \"I think that's a resounding 'yes', don't you?\" \"We'll muse on it. Anyway, I have stuff to do, so if we're done.\" Royce barely made an effort to wait for a response before stalking from the room. Janet gave Courtney and Nikko a 'sorry' frown before rushing after him. \"Royce! Come on, that was awesome. We sounded amazing.\" She grabbed his arm and tried to stop him with a compliment. \"You sounded… I don't think there's even a word for it.\" But he shook her hold off and her smile dropped. \"Royce?\" \"I'll talk to you later.\" He walked off, leaving a confused Janet behind. As soon as he got out of earshot he pulled his phone from his pocket and dialled a number he was ashamed to realise he still knew. She answered straightaway. \"We need to talk. My place, twenty-five minutes.\" Then he hung up. Stealing a glance back at the music room, Janet having now left the hall and returned to her friends, Royce shoved his hands in his pockets and walked from the school. - Next chapter: Will Royce accept Tammi's offer? And what else does the offer entail? Have Spectacular! found their winning song? And what does Nikko see that could split Spectacular! apart before they've even started?[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: If I owned Spectacular! then it would have a sequel… this! Therefore, I do not. A/N: Check out the trailer at Youtube and share the love with anyone you know. Come on, let's make Spectacular! big again! The extension is… v=JNUkv2dSEQE We're past the halfway mark now with only a few more revelations, a confession and some Kentucky performances to come. So brace yourself because here comes that Spectacular! drama we all love… - Insufficiently Spectacular! - Summary: Royce bargains his way back into Spectacular!, but is the backstabber really in for the long haul, or is he playing games? Previously: Courtney returned to Spectacular!, Royce took back control however with a new song. Nikko made a triumphant comeback souring Royce's plans and so the scorned soloist gave his oldest ally Tammi Dyson a call – they needed to talk… - \"I knew you'd ring.\" Tammi was seated on his doorstep when Royce returned home that afternoon. She was leaning on the front banister, one leg curled over the other and her school backpack dumped on the bottom step. \"So, how can I help?\" \"What do you want from me Tammi?\" Tammi gave a wide, Cheshire Cat-style smile. \"You called me Royce, not the other way around.\" \"You want me back in Ta-Da?\" She nodded. \"Fine, what's the catch then?\" \"Catch? Royce, I'm hurt…\" But Royce cut over her. \"What's the catch Tammi, spit it out.\" \"You can't leave Spectacular! Well, not yet anyway.\" Royce frowned and stared at the wily brunette. He couldn't understand why she'd want him to stay with Spectacular! when it was clear that poaching him (again) was insult enough. Seemingly she had a plan to add injury as well. \"Why not?\" Tammi smiled. \"I want to bring Spectacular! down from the inside. They proved at Nationals that a little thing like losing their lead male soloist won't kill them. If anything, it makes them stronger. Like the broomsticks in Fantasia. So we're going to lull them into a false sense of hope.\" She stopped. \"I don't plan to explain this to you here. If you'll invite me inside I'm sure we can talk this over better, out of the eyes of nosey neighbours.\" Royce frowned. \"You're assuming I agree to your offer.\" Tammi just laughed as she stood. \"Oh Royce,\" her tone flippant and dismissive, \"you agreed when you called me.\" * \"What's going to happen with Canada then?\" Courtney asked as practice finished up. The rest of Spectacular! had headed home, excited about possibly singing 'Disappear' for Kentucky, and the couple were left alone in the school music room. It had been ten minutes before Courtney finally brought it up. \"Is there any chance?\" Nikko shook his head. \"No, we have a gig that night.\" Courtney's face fell. \"But don't tell Royce Du Luc that.\" \"If I can help it, hopefully the only words I'll ever have to say to Royce are 'no' and 'we're doing it my way'.\" Nikko laughed and Courtney gave a small smile before it fell and she let out a sigh. \"I want the old Spectacular! back. The Herringbone-rocking, slight in-fighting Spectacular!\" Nikko smiled and gave her a hug. \"Thank you but you need to leave now.\" Nikko gave her a sideways look but Courtney just motioned to his watch. \"You have practice at four.\" Nikko jumped up as soon as he realised he was late for practice. \"See how useless I am without you?\" Then, dropping a quick kiss on his girlfriend's head, Nikko dashed from the room. Courtney just sighed and looked back at the floor. * \"I have two conditions.\" Tammi glanced up from the glass of cola with her smile disappearing quickly. \"Fine; name them.\" Royce shuffled in his seat. Despite being late into the summer, the weather was still far too warm for sitting inside on leather armchairs, but Tammi had been determined to keep out of sight and mind of anyone walking past. \"1 – 50% control of Ta-Da.\" Tammi's blank look became a frown. \"The last thing I need is you kicking me out again. You name me co-captain of Ta-Da or deal's off.\" \"Okay, co-captain, but you're still doing my songs and my dances.\" Royce shrugged, not really caring as long as he had the stability of co-captaincy. \"Deal. Your second demand?\" \"I'm not breaking up with Janet.\" This time Tammi put down her glass. \"Royce, you can't be serious. We're going to bring down her precious little musical malady from underneath her. You can't seriously expect to keep this pretend up.\" He shrugged and Tammi narrowed her eyes. \"It is pretend right? You're just using her to get back into Spectacular!\" Royce was quiet. \"Okay, whatever, fine… keep your pathetic little pretence going. But you can't be both friend and executioner Royce so I suggest you make your choice soon.\" Then, with her smile returned, Tammi pushed herself out of her seat. \"I'm off. I will be in contact of course.\" Royce followed her to the door. \"What do you want me to do for now?\" Tammi just tapped him on the cheek as she pulled open the front door, reshouldering her school bag. \"Just be your usual charming self Royce.\" Then, with a wink, she turned and strode from the house and back out onto the street. Neither of them noticed Nikko watching with a frown from the other side of the road. * When Nikko had called and told Courtney that he had to meet her on, of all places Royce's street, Courtney had become immediately suspicious. Had they come across each other and started fighting again? If so, should she come prepared with 911 on standby? So when she rocked up a few minutes later to find Nikko watching Royce's house whilst leaning on a tree across the road, she was more confused than ever before. \"Why are we here?\" \"Royce just had a visitor.\" He glanced sideways at Courtney and she frowned. \"Tammi Dyson.\" Courtney gaped, the reaction Nikko had expected, then growled. \"I'll kill him.\" \"I can't believe I'm going to say this but, maybe we should just let him explain.\" Courtney raised a solitary eyebrow. \"Who are you and what have you done with Nikko Alexander?\" Nikko gave a small snort before stopping as he realised Courtney had fished her cell from her pocket. \"What are you doing?\" \"Ringing Janet, she needs to know this.\" But Nikko just grabbed the phone and put it out of her grasp. \"Hey, what are you doing?\" \"Stopping you hurting Janet unnecessarily.\" He put her phone in his own pocket. \"Now, you and I are going to go over there and get an explanation okay?\" Courtney stayed silent, not amused with losing control of the situation. \"If the excuse is pathetic then you can ring Janet whilst I kill him. Okay?\" Courtney gave a silent shrug as she frowned back at the house. \"Okay.\" Royce hadn't expected to open his front door and find Nikko and Courtney staring him down. \"Hey.\" He failed to hide the wary tone in his voice. \"Hey yourself… how's Tammi Dyson?\" Courtney also failed to hide her tone, but instead of wariness it was anger. Nikko explained. \"I saw Tammi leave your house a few minutes ago. What's going on Royce? If you hurt Janet I'l…\" Royce held up two hands and tried to explain. \"I wouldn't, it's not like…\" he sighed. \"Tammi wants me back in Ta-Da. From what I can tell she'll do anything to get what she wants.\" The pair seemed to appreciate that and their frowns lessened. \"She wants me to sabotage our performance at Kentucky, just for the fun of it I think.\" \"So, what does she want you to do?\" Royce shrugged. \"Sing bad, miss dance steps on purpose. I'm not sure, she started talking and I sent her away.\" \"Why did you let her inside in the first place?\" Courtney asked, the crease between her eyebrows increasing as she frowned deeper. \"You know she's trouble.\" \"Because she's Tammi Dyson and if you don't give her at least five minutes of your time she'll make you pay.\" Royce's expression softened. \"I'm not betraying Spectacular! I won't do that to Janet.\" Courtney glanced at Nikko but he was too busy studying Royce's eyes to figure out if he was lying or not. \"Look, I didn't tell Tammi anything about our performance, our song or anything. She doesn't know anything and she's not going to find out anything from me, I promise.\" The pair seemed to accept that, but with small frowns still evident. \"If you see her again?\" Nikko asked. \"I'll ignore her, insult her or push her into a lake.\" \"And you'll tell Janet about this?\" Courtney asked this time. \"I'll tell her about it the first chance I get. I promise.\" They nodded. \"Fine.\" Nikko then looked at his watch. \"I have to go, I'm half-an-hour late for practice.\" He smiled at Courtney then jogged off. Courtney just fixed another frown on Royce. \"I'll be keeping an eye on you Du Luc, just remember that.\" Then, turning on her heel, Courtney stalked down his front driveway and out of sight. Letting out a small sigh of relief, Royce stepped back inside his house. - Next chapter; The hard-working gang take a break from rehearsals and go to the Columbus Day fair. What surprise news awaits them and will Royce admit the truth to Janet now that Courtney and Nikko have found out who he's in contact with?[Chapter 7] Disclaimer: Spectacular! does not belong to me… however spectacular that would be if it were… A/N: Song lyrics in italics . Song 'Eight Days a Week' by The Beatles with minor Ta-Da lyrics changes. - Insufficiently Spectacular! - Summary: Royce bargains his way back into Spectacular!, but is the backstabber really in for the long haul, or is he playing games? (Love Square - Janet/Royce/Courtney/Nikko) Previously: Tammi admitted she needed Royce back in Ta-Da if they could even think about winning Nationals again, but first he had to help her take Spectacular! out of Kentucky. Nikko saw Tammi leaving Royce's house and talked to Courtney, but Royce was able to convince the couple he wasn't in cohorts with her. They didn't believe him, but decided to let him tell Janet himself… - Two weeks until Kentucky… Weeks of hard practice followed, the team finally putting their vote for the Kentucky performance behind Janet's find of an 80s power ballad by Arthur Road, a song called 'The Biggest Mistake'. She'd chosen it for vote after Courtney and Nikko had insisted they do Disappear and Royce had assured them if they insisted on he'd walk, so playing go between Janet found The Biggest Mistake and peace was momentarily resumed. Now, many practices later, they were petitioning for only one thing – a break. The first Thursday of October, Courtney came to the music room's vocal practices with just that. \"We're taking a Spectacular!\" she included hand gestures and all as she said it, \"break from all our hard work.\" She withdrew, with a flourish, a poster. \"Seen these?\" \"Columbus Day Fair? Yeah, sure, they're everywhere.\" Caspian took the poster from her hand, analysed it, and then passed it on. \"So, we're going?\" Gigi asked, grinning at Zach who was sitting next to her. Courtney nodded and the rest cheered, but Courtney quickly brought them all back down to earth. \"We're watching two showchoir performances, one we'll need to pay close attention to because Sparkle City will be attending Kentucky as the Washington representatives.\" They all groaned. 'Pay close attention' meant they all had to go to the fair, watch the performances, then promptly head home where Courtney would then list, likely in some sort of alphabetical order, just where Sparkle City flourished and Spectacular! failed. \"Can't we just have a normal day off Court? We've been working our butts off!\" Janet protested on everyone's behalf. But Courtney was having none of it. \"This is important guys. Kentucky is in three weeks! Don't you want to shine?\" The rest gave a few mumbles of 'yeah' and 'sure' and 'guess so'. Courtney's frown deepened. \"I said, don't you want to shine?\" There were a few more upbeat answers then, and Tajid clapped, but it wasn't exactly rousing. \"We'll work on that.\" \"Wait, you said two?\" Royce asked, frowning up at her from a seat on the piano bench. \"Who else is performing at Columbus?\" Courtney swallowed deeply before she said their name. \"Ta-Da.\" Most of the others groaned, only Courtney and Royce staying silent. \"But come on guys, they don't scare us because we're going to Kentucky and we can show them, and the world, what we can do when we get there.\" Still no raucous applause. Janet stood and patted Courtney's shoulder sympathetically. \"Give up the pep talks Court, they don't seem to be working.\" Then, motioning for the others to stand, they launched back into vocal practice, trying to forget that Ta-Da still existed. - \"Ladies and gentlemen, that was the Horsham College Pipe Band.\" The MC grinned as the crowd clapped. Amongst them stood Courtney, Janet and Royce, the only members of Spectacular! who had stuck around following the news Sparkle City would not be performing that day. \"And our final performance for the afternoon comes from two-time Nationals winners of the AFJC Championships. I welcome to the stage – Ta-Da!\" He waved the group on and backed away. Tammi stepped onto the stage on a sparkly blue sequined dress, the other members of Ta-Da around her in matching costumes. Theirs, however, were nowhere near as bright as hers. But then that was a'given. She was Tammi Dyson. No one outshone Tammi Dyson. The song started and Royce actually groaned. Janet grinned. \"What?\" \"Another safe song choice. The Beatles, really?\" Janet snickered. \"I guess you don't miss it then?\" \"Dancing like a robot? Listening to the same type of song performance after performance? No, not one bit.\" \" Ooh I need your love babe, I guess you know it's true .\" As Tammi sashayed down the stairs, the troupe around her clicked and clapped along to the beat. It was boring to watch. Very boring. \" Hope you need my love babe, just like I need you. Hold me, love me, hold me, love me. I ain't got nothing but love baby, eight days a week .\" \"Do you really want to watch this?\" Janet laughed at Royce's question. \"Is that a trick question? Of course I don't.\" \"Awesome, because I need cotton candy right now.\" Janet tapped Courtney on the shoulder. \"We're getting supplies. Do you want anything?\" \"Earplugs?\" Courtney smiled. Janet grinned and followed Royce through the crowd. \"So was it really that repetitive?\" Royce nodded. \"You saw our performances. Every song we did was a bad 60s-style ballad. After a while it, mixed with Tammi's dull dance moves, became as painful as pulling teeth.\" Janet laughed. \"Then why did you join?\" \"Because I wanted to win. It was all about winning Nationals.\" \"Is it still all about winning?\" Janet asked, accepting the stick of pink fluff off him as he paid. He shrugged. \"I guess. But only because Spectacular! deserves one. Especially after the Nationals performance. That was insane.\" Janet laughed. \"Yeah, but fun.\" She studied his expression as he looked back at the still performing Tammi. \"You don't miss anything about Ta-Da?\" It was obvious from her tone that she was asking less about the group and more about his relationship with Tammi. He played along. \"Oh, a few things.\" Janet frowned before he smiled back at her. \"But one of them certainly isn't Tammi.\" With a grin, Janet followed him back at Courtney's side just as Ta-Da finished up. \"... just know I need your love boy, eight days a week. Eight days a week. Eight days a week .\" Tammi grinned out to the audience as she stood like a flower in a mass of crouched figures, spreading her arms to the sky. The crowd burst into applause and the Spectacular! trio clapped along half-heartedly with them. Stepping forward as the MC made to speak again, Tammi snatched the microphone from him. \"Thank you everyone. Before we go, Ta-Da have some wonderful news. Despite rumours otherwise, I can now confirm that Ta-Da will be performing at the Kentucky Championships in a fortnight.\" \"What?\" Courtney and Janet both said at the same time, glancing at each other with horrified expressions. They'd been assured their cross-town rivals had missed the cut. Tammi smiled at the fresh round of applause. \"I hope to see you all there cheering us on.\" Then, with a friendly wave, she left the stage. Janet just sighed. \"Fantastic.\" \"How did they make it in?\" \"The organisers contacted us.\" Tammi's voice from behind them made them all turn quickly. She assessed them, stopping on Royce. \"I heard you'd rejoined this bunch of misfits but I didn't actually believe I'd see it.\" \"What do you mean 'contacted' you Tammi?\" Royce frowned, ignoring the insult. \"They called and told us we had to come. Said they couldn't imagine doing the Kentucky Championships without us. Isn't that sweet?\" She gave her cold, tinkling laugh. \"I can't picture that ever happening to Spectacular!\" \"We won a Wild Card, which means they wanted us there too.\" Janet pointed out, frowning up at the slightly taller brunette. \"Which will be the only thing you win...\" then, giving them a four-fingered wave, she turned and strode away. \"I really don't like her.\" Janet muttered, her nose crinkling up as she watched the Ta-Da leader walk away. \"You'll show her at the Championships Janet.\" Courtney smiled, putting her hand on her best friend's arm. \"Then we'll see how smug she is.\" Then, stealing a piece of Janet's cotton candy, the friends walked away. Royce watched all three of the girls go before sighing and leaving the crowd and stage behind. - \"So Dyson, what's the real story?\" It had taken an hour, but eventually Courtney managed to corner Tammi in a quiet part of the fairground. Tammi just grinned. \"As usual I have no idea what you're talking about.\" \"Kentucky, how did you manage to get in?\" \"I guess no one told you what happened to Sparkle City then?\" Courtney frowned and Tammi continued. \"They all came down with a severe bout of food poisoning. Haven't been able to practice for the last two weeks, such a shame.\" Courtney suddenly had no doubt Tammi had something to do with this sudden sickness. \"The Kentucky organisers were so sad, thought maybe Washington wouldn't have a real representative.\" Courtney scowled but Tammi ignored it. \"Thankfully we stepped in at the last minute to take their place. How lucky we've been practicing a routine just in case.\" Courtney shook her head. \"You're despicable.\" \"And Sparkle City made a mistake by trusting us.\" A cold smile washed over the Ta-Da girl's face. \"You could say it was the biggest mistake they ever made.\" Courtney's frown dropped as she realized exactly what Tammi had just said. \"Excuse me.\" \"I said, 'the biggest mistake' was trusting a Ta-Da.\" She grinned. \"That's all I'm saying.\" Then, with a grin, she sauntered off. Courtney just scowled. - Next chapter; Now convinced that Royce and Tammi are up to something, Courtney has Tammi followed. What will Nikko uncover that will blow apart Janet and Royce's relationship? And what happens when Janet finds out? Will Spectacular! even make it to Kentucky?[Chapter 8] Disclaimer: I still don't own Spectacular! A/N: We're nearing the end. Yes, it's true. So this chapter is entirely about Royce, whose character was the sole reason I wrote this piece. A large part of me wants to believe under all that arrogant is a human being… but then reality takes hold and thus this chapter was born… enjoy. Music by Taylor Swift. On another note it now appears Tammin Sursok is joining Hannah Montana. Scary. You're twenty-six now Tammin, it's time to move on. Anyway, seems she's replacing Selena Gomez's 'Mikayla' as Hannah's new arch-nemesis. I don't know how I feel about that to be honest… - Insufficiently Spectacular! - Summary: Royce bargains his way back into Spectacular!, but is the backstabber really in for the long haul, or is he playing games? (Love Square - Janet/Royce/Courtney/Nikko) Previously: The group took a break from rehearsals to attend the Columbus Day fair, a trip that ended with the revelation that Ta-Da were to join them at Kentucky's Championships. Then, as Royce and Janet played oblivious to her triumphant looks, Tammi dropped to Courtney something that made the Spectacular! certain Royce was double-crossing them – she knew their song. - It had been half an hour. Half an hour of sitting and waiting, feeling decidedly creepy but aware that if he didn't do it his girlfriend would kill him. Following Tammi's tip-off about knowledge of their song, Courtney had set Nikko to Royce-watching duty. Finally it seemed to pay off as Royce's silver Mercedes (complete with 'showboy' numberplate) pulled into the drive and from the passenger side stepped the unmistakeable figure of Tammi Dyson. She shot Royce a smile, which the boy returned uncomfortably, before striding off down the driveway and in the direction of her own place. Royce seemed to shake himself off a bit before heading inside, but Nikko didn't notice, already on the phone to Courtney. - \"She saw him.\" It was the statement Janet opened the doorway to and she frowned at her best friend, a mix of confusion and amusement on her face. Courtney seemed to understand. \"Nikko has been following Royce, trying to help me prove he's in cohorts with Ta-Da and he saw it – Royce coming home with Tammi Dyson.\" Janet stepped aside to let her friend in, the amusement gone. \"Wait a minute, you're telling me you had my boyfriend followed?\" Courtney gave a quick nod. \"No offence Court but that's kinda creepy.\" \"You're missing the point here Janet – Royce and Tammi, hanging out.\" Janet shrugged. \"Royce told me Tammi was giving him a hard time, he was probably amusing her, getting her off his chest with a few nice words.\" Courtney sighed. \"Oh yeah, so then how did Tammi know our song for Kentucky?\" Janet fished from the sideboard the half-finished milkshake she'd been drinking when Courtney arrived. \"I don't know, it's Tammi Dyson, I wouldn't put 'rigging microphones around the school' past her.\" \"Call him and ask him.\" Janet shook her head but Courtney was insistent. \"Do it. If he comes over and tells you about it, what he said and why he did it, then I'll believe you that he's changed. But I know people like him Janet and people like that don't.\" \"Will you lay off then?\" Courtney nodded. \"Fine.\" Grabbing her phone Janet dialled, smiling into the receiver as Royce picked up. \"Hey, can you come by, I have something to ask.\" She met Courtney's eye. \"Oh no, nothing drastic.\" She gave a small laugh. \"Okay, see you then.\" She hung up. \"He'll be here in five. If you want to stick with the creepy covert thing you can hide in the front bushes if you'd like.\" Courtney ignored the bait. Five minutes later a car pulled into Janet's driveway and then reversed back out, parking in the street outside. Janet glanced at Courtney and the two of them stepped out onto the porch, meeting Royce as he started up the walk. He stopped at the sight of Courtney. \"Hey, what's up?\" \"Um, Courtney's been really creepy of late and had you followed.\" Royce frowned but didn't seem too surprised either by the brunette's actions. \"She saw you with Tammi tonight.\" \"Yeah, she came looking for me, wants me back in Ta-Da, I told you this.\" Janet smiled but Courtney wasn't done. \"Where did you go?\" \"The 24-Hour Pancake Place on Fifth. I was hungry. She spent most of the night glaring at other customers.\" Royce's responses were cool and calm, but too well rehearsed for Courtney's liking. She did, of course, have an Ace up her sleeve however, something she hadn't revealed to even Janet yet. \"Really, see there was a performance down at the community hall tonight, Ta-Da performed. Special performance, to help raise money for the Kentucky trip.\" Courtney smiled harder as Royce's calm expression became a pout. \"Ah, just in time.\" She pointed behind Royce at the figure of Nikko walking up the drive. \"What've you got babe?\" Nikko held up the poster. \"Ta-Da performing at The Regional Center.\" He tapped the bottom. \"Starring AFJC champions Tammi Dyson and Royce Du Luc.\" Nikko tutted. \"If you wanted to be covert Royce, you did a crap job.\" Janet spoke up. \"You performed with Ta-Da?\" \"No I didn't,\" his lies were so easy that even Courtney almost accepted them, but she knew better. \"I went with Tammi to see them.\" \"Oh please. You forget that Ta-Da's website has video footage of every single performance this bunch of show ponies do.\" Courtney smiled cruelly. \"Now, either you can tell us the truth, or we'll just wait until the video comes out.\" Royce was quiet before he finally gave in. \"I performed with Ta-Da tonight. I told them we were singing The Biggest Mistake.\" Courtney grinned. \"I knew it.\" But Royce wasn't done, and it was the rest that even Courtney hadn't expected, and what made Janet gasp. \"Tammi came to me a while ago, wanting me to betray Spectacular! again. At first I said no but then, when I seemed to lose creative control, I agreed.\" He held up a hand and started counting things off his fingers. \"I was responsible for the lost costumes two months ago.\" \"We had to buy new ones! They were expensive!\" Courtney shook her head. \"You did that?\" Royce nodded. \"I changed the timetables so we would have less rehearsal time. I taped the practices and gave the tapes to Tammi so she'd know our moves.\" \"Why?\" Courtney fumed. \"Because Tammi Dyson told you to?\" \"I had to do it. Showchoir is my only chance to get a good college, a performing arts degree, I need to make a mark.\" \"And you couldn't have done that with Spectacular!?\" Courtney asked. Royce just shook his head, looking at Janet who was still silent. \"Janet?\" She looked up slowly. \"You lied to me,\" her voice was soft and the others had to strain to hear it. \"All this time I've been defending you and you just kept lying to me.\" She shook her head resolutely. \"We're done Royce.\" \"You're breaking up with me?\" \"What did you expect Du Luc?\" Nikko snapped, growling. Royce frowned. \"Janet, please, listen to me…\" he took a step forward but Nikko stepped between them, cutting him off. \"Leave her the hell alone. You've done enough haven't you?\" He raised a hand to hold Royce back and the shorter man swiped it away. With a step Nikko looked ready to move in for a fight but Courtney came between them, holding them both at arms length like she had not long ago. As Nikko turned back to comfort Janet, Courtney stepped forward, barely an inch from his face with a snarl wiped across her expression. \"You know you can use and abuse Spectacular! as often as you feel is necessary, none of that matters anymore, but to use Janet when the only thing she's ever been guilty of is being too nice?\" Royce made to respond but Courtney shook her head. \"You hurt my showchoir; so be it. You hurt me; I got through. But you hurt my best-friend and that's the last straw.\" With a clench of her fist, like she was fighting back the urge to cause him some serious damage, Courtney took a step back. \"Now, leave!\" He didn't need to be told twice, stepping back so he could see Janet behind Courtney's enraged figure. She caught his eye for a second before returning her face to her hands. She was quickly wrapped in a tight embrace by Nikko who shot Royce a cold look scarily similar to his girlfriend's. With a few quick steps Royce retreated from the driveway. As he got the footpath beyond the property boundary he paused on the other side of the hedge, listening to the conversation happening behind him. Nikko was insistent that 'knocking some sense' into Royce would be the only answer, but Courtney seemed to be holding him back from violence with a few calming noises. It was Janet however who, despite the quietest, he heard the loudest. She was sniffing back tears and as he glanced behind him he saw her wipe her eyes and turn back towards her front door. Nikko and Courtney noticed and followed her in, the brunette girl assuring her best friend that everything would be fine, but she wasn't listening, just shaking away her tears. As they left his sight Royce sighed and glanced back towards his car then, popping the key fob and unlocking the vehicle, he started towards it. * \" It's strange to think the songs we used to sing, the smiles, the flowers, everything is gone. Yesterday I found out about you and even now just looking at you feels wrong .\" A familiar voice floated softly through the doors of the music room as Royce walked past the next morning, not exactly looking for, but somehow subconsciously finding, his now ex. The night before had been a little bit restless, a billion thoughts running through his head. Not often did Royce Du Luc lose sleep over something like this, but now it seemed the whole business had broken down his handmade shell. He felt bad. It was a strange new emotion for him and he hated it. \" You should've said 'no', you should've gone home, you should've thought twice before you let it all go. You should've known the word of what you did with her would get back to me .\" The tone gave a crack of emotion and whether it was arrogance or clarity, Royce suddenly knew Janet's words stung with the emotions she'd managed to hold back the night before. She was hurt. Let down, despondent and her normally lively spirit crushed. And it was all his fault. Royce felt lower than a cockroach. \" And I should've been there in the back of your mind. I shouldn't be asking myself why .\" Royce pushed open the music room door just a tad, watching Janet (her back turned to him) as she sang. On the piano Robin tapped away at a few keys with her good hand, but most of the music was coming from the CD player in the middle of the room. \" You shouldn't be begging for forgiveness at my feet. You should've said 'no' baby then you might still have me .\" Propping the door open with his foot, Royce watched as Janet's voice rose with each note, managing to hit even the most difficult high ones with precision. The girl had been born to sing. \" I can't resist, before you go tell me this, was it worth it? Was she worth this? \" Royce watched on, entranced. She couldn't just sing; it was the moves too. Every move she made, despite being minimal, captured the essence of the song. They weren't dramatic mimes like Tammi had been prone to, but small hand flickers and movements that brought your eyes to her and left them there. He'd noticed it first during the Nationals, the way such a small figure in the centre of a huge stage could draw all eyes to her. The voice, the moves and the huge smile constantly peppering her expression made Janet the kind of person it was hard to ignore. But the smile had gone now and as she turned mid-song to find him watching her, he noticed it replaced with a frown. \" No… \" Taking a deep breath she signalled for Robin to stop the CD before crossing her arms and staring him down. But the expression was lost by the redness of her eyes. It was hard to stare daggers when your eyes confessed you'd been crying not long before. \"What are you doing here?\" Royce stepped inside and closed the door behind him. \"We need to talk.\" He looked to Robin. \"Privately if that's alright with you.\" Janet put her hand on her friend's arm. \"Stay, this won't take long.\" She crossed her arms again. \"What do you want?\" \"I want to talk. I want to apologize, tell you the truth.\" She rolled her hand, suggesting he continue, as she took a seat at the piano whilst Robin stood beside her protectively. \"Tammi offered me a position back in Ta-Da as soon as she found out they were going to Kentucky.\" \"Which was when?\" \"Four weeks ago.\" Janet heaved a sigh and looked away. \"I told her I wasn't interested, but Tammi doesn't know the meaning of the word 'no'.\" \"So what was the plan then? You keep us thinking you're working with us, then at the last minute go perform with Ta-Da and leave us to our own devices?\" Royce shrugged. \"Something like that.\" Janet stood, disgusted. \"You're pathetic.\" \"Wait, look, I'm not going to do it okay? I'm going to stick with Spectacular! I wasn't lying when I said you deserved a trophy. You do.\" Janet just shook her head. \"We don't need you Royce. We can't trust you. Courtney was right; some people never change.\" \"Courtney will be singing your parts. You can go back to Ta-Da.\" Robin clarified. \"You can't win without a lead male soloist…\" he started but was cut off when Janet turned and glared at him. \"You don't get it do you? It's not about winning - I thought you knew that by now. It's about being with your friends, having fun and doing your best.\" She shrugged. \"I'd rather lose than sing with you Royce, it's that simple.\" Then, with a frown, she walked from the room. Royce sat down at the piano with a sigh. - Next chapter; Spectacular! make it to Kentucky, minus their enigmatic male soloist who is spotted coercing with Ta-Da. Has Royce really deserted Spectacular! or will Janet gets what she's always wanted – proof that her gut instincts can prevail? And who will win? Ta-Da or Spectacular!? ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Spectacular! But I have met Tammin Sursok, back when she was on Home and Aw"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"Blood and Kohl","Author":"BonGarland","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8845314","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi guys! I'm back, with a different fandom and universe to work with. I was very dissatisfied with the ending to The Wolfman (2010), but I LOVED the movie, and thus have reworked it to suit my tastes! Please read, review, share, enjoy! - Bon Death was filling the entirety of Gwen Conliffe's vision, embodied by a massive set of snarling fangs, claws ready to rip and rend flesh, and eyes glowing with malice. The beast had followed her from the burning wreckage of the Talbot mansion; the smell of musk and smoke had heralded its arrival in the darkness, though the feeble warning could not have done her any good. The creature was inescapable, even if she hadn't been backed against a cliff, beyond which was a raging waterfall, her surroundings cloaked in darkness when the full moon was enshrouded momentarily by cloud cover. Her senses, speed, everything was inadequate against this nefarious being. It had stalked out of the darkness, forming a murky shape in the gloom that meant only certain death for the young woman, whose only crime was love for the man whom the wolfish thing had been, only moments before. All that currently remained of the human's existence were the torn and bloodstained garments – shredded shirtsleeves, ripped trousers - that hung from the monster's frame, a sadistic reminder that Lawrence Talbot shared a shell, somehow, with the epitome of this moon-influenced curse. As it lumbered towards Gwen, she gave a strangled sob, shuffling backwards until her booted foot snagged on a stone, bringing her down on her back with a jarring thud, the pistol she had held skittering away from her reach. Immediately the creature was fully upon her, straddling her like a lover, pinning her by her lower body as she supported herself on scraped palms. Glistening fangs, led by a snuffling muzzle, moved towards her face, as the creature sniffed her deeply, growling slightly all the while. Gwen swallowed thickly, trying to keep calm and still, avoiding alarming the being that could, she knew, remove her head from her shoulders with a weak swipe of its clawed digits. She settled for raising, very slowly, a pleading hand, the quaking appendage moving towards the wolfman's features. At last her fingers gained purchase, in the coarse fur covering its neck, and the wolf snarled in alarm, recoiling slightly before settling back into her touch, yellow eyes analyzing her hand before determining she wasn't a threat. The thing's entire body seemed to calm, growls diminishing, the malice in the yellow gaze muted before her very eyes. Gasping in another shuddering breath, not daring to hope she would live, that he would, Gwen tried to speak. \"L-lawrence…?\" A gleam of recognition shone in the beast's features, as the gruesome head cocked to one side, nostrils wiggling in an attempt to locate her in the deep recesses of the man's mind. Claws retracted to its side, though it remained pinning her by the hips to the rough ground, where jagged stones still gouged into her other palm. The uneasy silence, which had elicited a shred, a spark, a tiny ray of hope in Gwen's chest, was broken by the distant baying of hounds and muffled shouts by what had to be policemen, joining Aberline in his pursuit of Gwen and the monster. Panic shot through Gwen's entire consciousness, as the monster above her froze, head turning slowly, eerily, to face the direction of the intruding noises. Would it kill her now? It did not flee before the policemen, neither did it lurch forward to eviscerate any in his path. The wolfman stayed in its odd position, crouched over Gwen's quivering form, she closing her eyes tightly and muttering some scarcely-remembered childhood prayer as the officers entered the clearing that ended at the ledge. The waterfall raged on, cascading waters uninterrupted by the potential life and death struggle occurring on the cliffs that formed its banks. The beast shifted on its haunches, a claw moving back to brush against Gwen's shoulder, as if reassuring itself she was there; the contact sent a bolt through her, and as she opened her eyes, the claw retreated, ghastly digits curling into fists at the wolf's side, a single, elongated snarl escaping its curled lips, which displayed those wickedly curved fangs, shining like beacons in the momentary moonlight, to the policemen who were unsteadily walking towards the being that had plagued London and Blackmoor for far too long. Aberline was in front, favoring his bitten arm, but still maintaining a steady grip on the pistol he had aimed at the monster as he advanced, staggering ever so slightly. \"Don't make a move, Talbot.\" The beast growled in response, obviously comprehending the tone of voice and implied threat the pistol represented. At this point, the other four policemen had formed a semi-circle cutting off the beast, and moved forward in sync, all a single step behind Aberline's bloody form. With an abrupt movement, the wolfman lurched to its feet, stretching to its full height and howling agitatedly towards the moon, casting a silvery glow that encompassed the entire clearing. As the wolf rose, Gwen struggled to her feet, free from its weight, and the movement alarmed one of the officers, whose jerk of surprise triggered his gun; his action in turn spurred the others on to fire as well, and a hail of bullets flew past Aberline, towards the beast. None of his underlings' guns held silver bullets, Aberline mused, warily watching the monster to see its reaction. There wasn't much, other than the dull thud of bullets hitting flesh resounding around the clearing. Except… When a small female whimper sounded, Aberline's blood ran cold, his body stiffening as his eyes closed in anguish. There was a soft thump as Gwen Conliffe crumpled onto the bruising terrain comprising the waterfall's high banks, her slender form sprawling across the moss-covered stones just as the men, horrified, lowered their guns. The already-enraged creature turned, in what seemed like slow motion, letting out a canine sort of gasp, and a soft whine, when it saw the young woman crumpled on the ground. The men were doubly-astounded by the humanoid reaction, and all but Aberline cried out in panic when the beast let loose a furious howl, a horrific shrieking noise; the emission was followed by the clattering of dropped pistols and unsteady footfalls as they all took several paces back from the commanding officer and the scene before them. Aberline could only watch, helpless, as the moon, freshly-emerged from another clump of clouds, illuminated a spreading red stain across Miss Conliffe's pale gray dress. The beast, now completely disregarding the humans, crouched over her motionless form, a tentative claw touching her shoulder gently. Another keening wail escaped its lungs when there was no visible response, and of course, none of the men were close enough to see if she still breathed, still lived, if they hadn't mortally wounded the only innocent among them. As they watched silently, the creature gathered her limp body to its chest, cradling Gwen even as the men groaned at the sight of a pale arm hanging apparently-lifeless at her side. When it lifted her completely from the ground, deadly nails wrapped around her waist and legs, the men seemed to snap out of a trance, moving ahead to again flank Aberline. The inspector in question was already rapidly compiling a story to tell Miss Conliffe's family, considering funeral arrangements and final respects and laying the body to rest, set against letting this beast take it away to be devoured , for surely they all knew its motives in clutching her. With a gruff command, he ordered the men to retrieve their arms if they could, and do all possible to retrieve the girl from the beast. They complied shakily, damning themselves for not thinking more clearly, starting towards the monster with loud shouts and menacing gestures; for it had nowhere to go, backed up to the cliff's edge and burdened as it was. It shocked them anew when it gave a growl that echoed around the clearing, backing closer to the cliff's edge with its precious charge, holding the men at bay with its fierce yellow gaze. When it reached the edge, it glanced over the side, into the turmoil of the waterfall, where it led, and other sodden ledges that could provide a ladder downward. Descent would be deadly, absolutely; to any other being. With a small huffing noise, the wolfman leapt over the side of the cliff, Gwen still cushioned against its broad chest in a powerful grip. The remaining humans in the clearing could only stare, slack-jawed, at the spot where the beast had stood not a moment before, dazedly moving forward to peer cautiously over the edge into the raging waters. No trace was left of the creature, and as for Gwen, only a small patch of crimson, staining the stone that had lain beneath her, was any evidence she had been there also. Aberline gave a gusty, weary sigh, dropping to his knees and grimacing, his good hand moving to support his wounded arm and shoulder. \"We're going to assume she's still alive, and that it won't kill her. We're going to look, and hard. I wouldn't be that creature's prisoner for all the wealth in the world, and that's the position the poor girl's in, because of us.\" Birds chirped, morning dew saturated much of the forest, and a root was digging painfully into Gwen's side. That was all she knew as she groggily came to, at least partway; she could scarcely open her eyes, her limbs felt heavy, and pain shot through her left shoulder when she tried to raise her arm. At her whimper of pain, she heard a rustling noise, and, panicking, tried to frantically turn her gaze from the tree trunk a few steps away to see what it was. Suddenly, strong fingers encircled her forearm, effectively halting her movements; a thumb began to trace circles against the fabric covering her wrist, and a familiar voice hushed her as the sensations soothed her. \"Lawrence…?\" She mumbled, realizing who knelt before her when she rolled back to her original position. The fog suddenly left her mind, and she gasped, sitting upright in a flash, wavering when dizziness struck her. She spotted a large bandage covering her left shoulder, where the fabric of her dress had been cut away to provide access to a flesh wound, which, by the throbbing, had begun to bleed anew at her motion. \"Shh, it's me,\" the man crooned, in a soft tone unexpected of his formidable form. Both of his arms caged her waist as he steadied her, gently moving her to sit against the base of the tree next to them. \"You've been hurt.\" She bit back a joking reply that she could see as well as feel that, instead raising her eyes and scanning the forest surrounding the small clearing they were in. \"What happened?\" At the sight of her trying to subtly rub her hands together for warmth, Lawrence, somehow fully clothed, moved forward to drape his jacket over her shoulders, with the utmost care, like she was a breakable doll. Though, she'd proven she was anything but that. \"I changed…again,\" he began in a ragged whisper. \"I killed – destroyed – ended my father and the beast he had been all these years, and then I came after you…\" He was cut off by the furious shaking of her head. \"No, Lawrence, it wasn't you at that point, don't you understand?\" He stayed silent, swiping dirt solemnly from her skirts with trembling fingertips. \"I'm still here,\" Gwen insisted, laying a pale hand on his forearm, shaking it slightly. \"Do you know what we should do next?\" \"You'll…probably be labeled as missing, presumed dead…\" He began in a dull murmur, \"So we should probably leave the area…Pay our final respects to Ben maybe, and then somehow get some horses…But you need to be well enough.\" \"I'm perfectly fine Lawrence, I've endured devastating fevers and horseback injuries in my lifetime,\" Gwen assured him, reaching her good arm behind her for leverage as she rose, leaning back against the tree. \"Food and water, though…\" Lawrence fidgeted sheepishly, bringing a grin to her face. \"What've you done?\" He produced a flask filled with cool water, and unwrapped a partial loaf of bread. \"I may have visited the nearest farm earlier this morning, once I'd changed back…I'm sure they would understand.\" Her infectious smile curved his own lips, and she took a few mouthfuls of bread, sipping the water gingerly as her eyes roamed the lightening sky. \"I would like to visit Ben, it will likely be a long absence, if we ever do return.\" They had hit a lucky break, being able to sneak into Gwen's rented lodgings at the inn in Blackmoor to retrieve some clothing and effects before making their way to the churchyard. Gwen wore her darkest dress and a black veil left over from Ben's funeral, not altogether lying as she posed as a mourning widow at the cemetery, Lawrence standing close behind with a fedora pulled low over his eyes and a black scarf wrapped about his throat. Gwen crouched and laid a few wildflowers she'd gathered at the foot of the mausoleum, not wanting to enter. She waited a moment, eyes reading and rereading the names inscribed on the outside of the mausoleum; Lawrence and Ben's mother, Ben, soon, the remains of their father…And perhaps, one day, Lawrence. Suppressing a shiver, Gwen returned her gaze to the flowers she'd lain, rearranging them as tastefully as she could manage. When she rose and dusted off her gloved hands, a shred of white, flailing in the wind, caught her eye. She quickly mounted the steps to the mausoleum door, where a piece of parchment was hastily pinned with a nail into part of the wooden frame. \"Lawrence…\" Her words snapped him out of his solemn reverie, and he stepped to Gwen's side as she retrieved the paper, reading just a few words, looking as though they were scrawled quickly, the letters misshapen, as if unfamiliar to the writer. It simply read \"Maleva help. Our people go to Scotland. Follow, watch moon.\" A delicate brow was elevated as she read the scrap over and over, but Gwen's expression soon morphed to a quiet hopefulness. \"Do you think…They'll really help us? She said there was nothing to be done before, but…\" Lawrence pulled the paper gently from her grasp, rereading it himself. \"It's our only chance. Gypsies are notoriously mysterious, but they would know more than anyone about this, I think. Fancy a holiday in Scotland, m'lady?\" He joked lightly, adopting a pompous accent that gave Gwen a glance at the actor, the Lawrence Talbot most knew and revered. She smiled, shivering in the cutting breeze that had arisen. \"Yes, we've got to try.\" She knelt at the base of the mausoleum again, pressing chilled lips against gloved fingertips in a kiss, transferring them to the frigid stone steps in a final affectionate goodbye to Ben, before backing away briskly, linking arms with Lawrence. He shouldered a heavy pack he'd put together, though it didn't seem to bother him, and led her into the lane running behind the graveyard, illuminated by light of the early dawn. Thank you! ~xoxo Bon[Chapter 2] And I present, part two of Blood and Kohl. ~Bon A feminine voice hissed loudly in pain, the noise echoing off tree trunks and foliage, startling a flock of crows from their resting positions on a towering oak's limbs. Irritably, they circled the tree a few times in unison, searching for danger, before returning to their original positions warily. Lawrence grinned slightly at the sound. \"What happened to fevers and horseback injuries?\" He asked quietly, moving a square of whiskey-soaked material from Gwen's uncovered wound. She shot him a glare, before smiling herself, holding her arm still as Lawrence re-wrapped the wound. They'd been extremely fortunate; it was a shallow surface wound, the bullet having scraped by, causing copious immediate bleeding that had soon stemmed. \"In my defense, I was given a little more than field treatment for those ailments,\" she joked, frowning when Lawrence averted his gaze, concentrating needlessly on packing away supplies. \"I'm ony jesting Lawrence, it is what it is. This hiding in the woods like bandits won't last forever, and in the interim, it's a bit of an adventure. Soon you'll be perfectly fine, and we can return to normality. Or as close as we can get…\" She trailed off when his chagrined gaze met hers, comforting words abandoning her. Instead, her wound treatment completed for the day, she pulled her cloak back over her shoulders, and pulled him to her in a tight embrace. They simply held each other for what could have been minutes, hours…It didn't matter. At last Lawrence pulled back with a sigh, running a hand through his dark locks. \"It's really all my fault.\" He refused to speak any more, leaving Gwen to stare in concern at his turned back. By her calculations, they were little more than a days' ride from the highlands of Scotland, and she clung to that steadfastly. Melancholy was now regularly coloring Lawrence's moods and actions, and she could only hope they found release from this curse soon. A few hours later, the sun was beginning to set, painting everything in its wake with shadows, and the horizon blood red. The long stretches of riding were wearing on Gwen; despite her upfront bravado, she was losing weight; fatigue leaned heavily on her posture astride her mare day in and day out. None of this was lost on Lawrence, who began to fear he should have left her behind. They had passed beyond the town they had initially planned to stay in, by several miles, because of a paper boy they had passed in a village a few hours' ride from Blackmoor. \"Extra! Extra!\" he had cried, waggling a paper at passerbys. \"Confirmed madman running rampant with abducted lady!\" It was sensational news for the sleepy county, and undoubtedly the boy had more than fulfilled his sales quota for the day. Worse than the headline, the paper's front page was adorned with two large illustrations, headshots of Lawrence and Gwen themselves. Gwen had worn the hood of her cloak lower on her face ever since then, and kept a scarf wrapped about her hair at other times, scrambling for any method to remain unrecognized. Now, as Gwen jerked upright in her saddle once more, blinking furiously, Lawrence decided he'd had enough for the night. Luckily, they had entered an even sleepier county, where sheep outnumbered people, and manners were an afterthought. It was a double-edged blade however, as Gwen's finery and mannerisms would stand out; disheveled and exhausted as she was, she was a striking lady. \"There's a town right over this hill, we'll stop there for the night. It seems isolated enough that we should have a fair chance of going unrecognized.\" His voice cut through Gwen's consciousness, and she tried to covertly pass a hand over her face in an attempt to cover a wide yawn. Lawrence sidled his stallion up alongside her mount, reaching across the saddle horn for her reins. \"Just relax, it'll only be a few more moments, Gwen.\" She smiled her thanks at his small gesture, stretching her arms above her head and rotating her neck from side to side, alleviating some stiffness. He maintained control of her horse until they reached the edge of the small town, and even the brief reprieve dulled the burning in her shoulder resulting from holding the reins all day. The town was a small dot on the map, a generally useless piece of parchment Gwen had carried with her on the race back to Blackmoor before Sir John was confronted. The roads were comprised of dirt and loose stones; a bit of rain would annihilate any respectability the poor walkways held. The walk from the sole inn in town to the stables was unfortunately the greatest distance between two points in the place, to their dismay; the small village was apparently quite unaccustomed to providing much in the way of accommodations. Lawrence decided to leave Gwen at the lobby to procure lodgings, if the shabby front room of the decrepit, converted house could be called such. He would be proceeding with the horses to the stables himself so she could avoid unnecessary strain on her still-healing injury. Shivering in the early autumn evening's breeze, Gwen rubbed her arms for warmth as she approached the poorly-maintained wooden steps to the building, wincing when she grazed her wound. She stepped into the aging structure, the loud creaking of the front door alerting any and all inhabitants to her presence without her making any further attempt. The man at the front desk, dozing a moment before, stirred, snorting loudly and blinking cloudy eyes at her approach. \"I was hoping to rent two rooms,\" she began, hands fidgeting at her sides as his rapidly-clearing gaze roamed up and down her figure with interest. At last he grunted in what had to have been assent, his paunch jiggling as he turned to retrieve two rusty keys from hooks on the wall behind him. Turning back to Gwen, he swung the keys around one chubby finger, simultaneously gesturing with the other hand as he named an exorbitant price that she'd have paid for upscale lodgings in London. She narrowed her eyes, sighing in resignation as she slapped the required coins on the counter, trying to avoid contact with the grimy surface. He handed her the keys, and gave her short, unhelpful directions to the rooms, and she left, skirts rustling in her haste to vacate the lobby. The man then arched a brow at the room's only other inhabitant, a man in a dark greatcoat, the brim of his timeworn hat pulled low over his eyes. But he caught the gesture, nodding before tossing back the rest of a dusty glass filled with cheap whiskey, and heading for the door. Gwen made her way around the building, noting a crowd of raucous young men gathered on the porch of the pub across the way. As she circumvented the lengthy hedgerow separating the lobby from the backside of the house, where the rented rooms were, she noted with mild anxiety that a few of the men peeled off the group and began to follow her, ambling jauntily and whistling. She paused, straightened her skirts and taking a deep breath, before continuing towards the rooms, inspecting the keys she held. She reminded herself she had to be especially careful; men in the country were less…Respectful of the rules of society, and she was typically chaperoned by her father or Ben when in the countryside. Darting a glance behind her, she saw the men gaining on her, and swallowed hastily, double-checking the faded numbers engraved on the keys again. When she looked up, she stopped short, having nearly run into a tall man in a dark coat. \"P..Pardon me,\" she smiled weakly, moving to navigate around the man. But he matched her steps, and again barred her way. \"I'm sorry, can I help you sir…?\" \"I reckon you can,\" he ground out, a smirk twisting his grizzled face with glee. \"Been a while since the boys and I had a pretty toy, and you look like you could use some company, pretty lady. May I escort you to yer room?\" He proffered an arm in a rough imitation of ballroom manners, and Gwen looked behind her to see the other men had reached them, and spread out behind her. Where on earth was Lawrence? \"I'm…I'm quite alright, thank you.\" She summoned a strong tone, waving away the offer of his arm. \"I've a gentleman companion who should be arriving any moment, but I do appreciate the concern. From all of you.\" She tipped a nod at the men behind her, whose brows furrowed in unison, arms folding as they shuffled close enough that she could smell the whiskey on their breath. The combined stench was revolting even in the chilly air, and she tried to step around the tall man, the leader perhaps, once again. \"Good day to you all.\" As she passed the man, she found her upper arm trapped within his meaty fist, halting her progress and sending a wave of fresh pain cascading over her senses as he unknowingly applied pressure to her wound. \"I don't think ye understand, ma'am. Yer comin' with us whether you like it or not, ol' Larry and us, we have an agreement. First pick of the…\" he raked a gaze over her, \"…nice guests.\" Was there no law enforcement in the town? Gwen tried in vain to wrest her arm from his grasp, but only succeeded in find her other arm ensnared as well, by one of the other men, whose particularly long nails dug through the wool of her cloak and satin of her dress as he pulled her along as well. She still held the keys, though; after a moment of thought, Gwen relaxed her posture, her body going limp and displaying signs of defeat. She quiet walked a few paces with the men on either side, tightening a hand around the key handles so that the other ends poked out from her clenched fist. Then she swung her arm up abruptly, ramming the blades of the keys into the smaller man's neck, his howl of outrage startling the tall man into releasing her arm. She darted forward, swiveling to see the group converge, prowling towards her as one, even as the injured man held a hand to his windpipe and gasped indignantly. \"Shouldn'ta done that, pretty lady,\" the leader growled, his tone oozing menace as she found her back against a railing. There was nowhere to go. \"Shoulda gone quietly. Now we'll be rough as we please.\" Gwen's breath quickened and she raked fingers through the previously-pinned curls of her hair that had come loose in the struggle, craning her neck to see over the approaching men, to find Lawrence. A short, burly man out of the group reached her first, yelling as he pounced, latching meaty fingers around her slender waist easily. Before Gwen could do more than inhale a gasp of air, a figure vaulted the railing to her back, landing next to her and lifting the man off of her by a single hand around his throat. Gwen was sent reeling backwards with the momentum, barely catching herself on the fence, a hand clutched to her middle as her corset and stays protested all her movement. The figure who had moved with inhuman speed and agility raised her attacker ever further in the air, huffing with anger. As the ruffian gurgled helplessly, limbs flailing in desperation for air, the others backed up a few steps, halting to see what was in their midst. As far as they could tell, it was a normal man, clad in coat, shirt and neckcloth, but…he could not be normal, not with that strength. And the predatorial gleam in his eyes was unmatched, even by these men and their histories, their crimes and habits. Gwen took the chance to back away, gathering her cloak back around her shivering frame, uttering a silent prayer and thanks for impeccable timing. But simultaneously…Something in the back of her mind shouted that this wasn't right, that it wasn't time for the full moon and how was he channeling this power, at this moment? She was distracted from that inner voice when her savior clenched enraged fingers further around his victim's neck, exerting phenomenal pressure on his windpipe that would kill within seconds. He managed a feeble \"please…\" among the guttural gasps escaping his closing airway. Gwen swallowed with difficulty, summoning the plea that would be most effective. \"Lawrence. Please. I'm alright.\" At her soft tone, her rescuer's grip slackened, his breathing slowing, though he did not release the thug. She tried again, her voice fortified by panic. \" Lawrence. Stop.\" At the repeated command, the message appeared to infiltrate the haze of animalistic fury, and he tossed the man at the others with little more than a flick of the wrist. His movements were jerky, animalistic, as he stalked slowly forward, his fingertips curled as if claws adorned their ends. The force employed, and the sight of this thing approaching sent the ruffians tumbling over each otherm and scrambling in the decreasing visibility to find each other, and retrieve the fallen comrade. That done, two slung each of his arms over a shoulder, and the group slunk off into the darkness, muttering promises of revenge. Lawrence stood looking at their retreating forms, an enraged snarl still upon his lips as he drew heaving breaths, limbs quivering, as if in contemplation of pursuit. Crisis averted, Gwen sank to her knees in the dirt with a small whimper, a hand moving to her hurt arm unconsciously. She was in a mild state of shock from the adrenaline coursing through her veins and the stress of the preceding moments. Lawrence was snapped out of his bestial reverie by the movement, concern overriding any other feelings in the moment. He dashed to her side, kneeling and taking stock of her person. \"Gwen?\" She took a shuddering breath, attempting a smile, and grabbed one of his hands, turning it palm up and dropping the keys in it. \"Rooms…acquired.\" He went silent, eyeing the keys, and managed a smile that didn't reach his own eyes. \"So I see.\" Gwen managed to make it to her room on her own, shooing Lawrence away as she closed the door, locking it and sinking back against the worn wood with a sigh. Ever since she had met Lawrence, the limits of her being had been tested. Physical, emotional, her restraint, all of it. And yet…Maybe she was mad, but she wouldn't change her situation for the world. Heaving herself to her weary feet again, Gwen crossed the room to the luggage Lawrence had brought her earlier. After cleaning her face and as much of herself as she could manage with tired and aching limbs, she managed to braid her hair, pulling on her single nightgown and settling onto the lumpy mattress. She was hoping the gypsies would have some sort of clothes laundering method… Unable to rest despite her bodily fatigue, she finally pulled one of her hastily-packed tomes on lycanthropy from her carpetbag, opening it to one of the end chapters, on exploratory cures. She doubted the author had ever encountered lycanthropy itself, likely compiling the books' material from scattered tales told by frightened superstitious old hags, and a bit of imagination, but she needed something to go on, something to fuel her hope beyond dubious gypsy promises scrawled on old parchment. When she had been reading for some time, having managed a few bites of the meager rations Lawrence had gathered, there was a loud creak outside her door. The noise chilled her to the bone, and Gwen slowly laid down her book, staring at the closed door, anticipating any more sounds. Nothing more happened in the next few moments, so she gathered the volume in her lap again after glancing at the fire, assuring herself it had made the noise, and that it had enough wood for the night. At length she began to doze, the heavy book threatening to tumble from her limp grasp. When it finally did, landing on the floor with a loud thump, Gwen awoke with a sharp gasp, her gaze searching every corner of the room for what had caused the disturbance. When she looked down and saw the volume on the ground, she rolled her eyes, chastising herself for the sudden nerves she was displaying. Then a brisk knock came at the door, startling her anew. \"Gwen?\" A quiet call came from outside. \"May I come in?\" It was Lawrence, and Gwen gave her consent for him to enter, slightly breathless with relief. He did so with trepidation, glancing in every direction when he stepped across the threshold, his gaze avoiding lingering on her nightdress-clad form. \"I heard a noise…\" She brought a hand to her chest in an attempt to steady her racing heart, smiling thinly and nodding towards the tome on the floor. \"I dropped my book…\" He moved to lift it from the ground, raising a quizzical brow when he scanned the title. She blushed. \"Just…researching…\" His mouth quirked in a half-smile, but he merely placed it on the rickety bedside table wordlessly. His neckcloth was removed, his waistcoat hanging open and the first few buttons of his shirt undone, and Gwen found herself staring at the exposed skin for far longer than was appropriate. Jerking her gaze away, she cleared her throat, just as he did, from his position near the door. He spoke first. \"Well, if you're alright…\" He turned to grab the doorknob, but Gwen calling his name softly stopped him, and he turned to scan her suddenly-nervous expression. \"I'm…not,\" she confessed, keeping her eyes downcast, clenching her hands in the cheap quilt spread across her bed. \"Could you…That is…Stay, please?\" He raised a brow, but dropped his hand from the doorknob, instead pulling the lock taut. Gwen must have forgotten that…Perhaps she was still in a minor state of shock from the attack earlier. Indeed, her hands were white-knuckled, with the bedspread in a vice grip. He moved immediately to the bed, abandoning all sense of propriety and seating himself on top of the covers, grabbing one of her hands and rubbing it between his own. \"Of course.\" After a moment, Gwen spoke tentatively. \"I couldn't help but notice the strength you displayed today…\" Lawrence's grip on her hand tightened as he grimaced, nodding. \"Some of the…curse's characteristics seem to have…assimilated into my very being. I'm…in control of myself, almost completely. That is, my anger is a little dangerous, but…I would never willingly put you in danger, Gwen. And seeing you in it quite unravels me.\" She smiled ruefully, placated by the explanation for now, laying her other hand over his comfortingly, which held her other in a near death grip. \"I know, Lawrence. I know.\" They remained like that, reclining side by side, fingers interlaced, Gwen reopening her book to read, hoping to lull herself back to sleep with the paltry hope the paragraphs presented. Lawrence read over her shoulder, his frown deepening as he progressed. When Gwen had fallen asleep, he removed the volume from her hands, laying it aside, and releasing a quiet sigh. He was convinced the only cure would be a bullet through his brain. xoxo Bon[Chapter 3] Hi guys! Back with another installment of Blood and Kohl... One little note about this chapter; it was a little difficult to translate what I wanted to explain, into what Milena would say, per se. Given her accent, assumed knowledge of English, etcetera, she may seem a little too well-spoken. But I digress; I tried to convey accurately what I wanted to. Please enjoy. xo The gypsy camp was an exact replica of the one that had settled in the hills around Blackmoor several months ago. Dogs roamed, smoke billowed from fires cooking questionably-obtained meats, children played mutely around wagons comprising the caravan. The camp was given its usual quiet soundtrack, the flipping of cards and soft Slavic mutters the only things audible from many tents, where naïve Englishmen and women came to trade coins for cosmic advice. Gwen herself had never been to the actual camp, as it was deemed the most improper of paces for young unwed ladies to linger, and Ben had never offered to take her along as he negotiated the gypsies' stay durations. She now saw no substance to the warnings, as this place represented hope and aid. She smiled warmly in the midday light as two children staring at her as they entered the camp on horseback. The children stared solemnly back, probably taught to be distrusting of English folk, before breaking into little shrieks, chasing each other as they raced into the maze of wagons that made the camp, presumedly announcing the newcomers' arrival. Lawrence reached across the gap between their horses, his hand seeking Gwen's, squeezing it tightly when their fingers met and interlaced. She sent him a bolstering smile, and they turned in unison to the older gypsy man approaching. In faltering English, he said their horses would be attended to, that he knew who they were, and that Milena would see them now. He then gestured to two young men, who moved forward to take their reins as they dismounted. Gwen was, ashamedly, a little surprised no one had demanded payment yet. She'd been led to believe nothing was free from a gypsy, that all services followed crossing a palm with silver; and this was the biggest service she could imagine. Still, as they were led past practicing knife throwers and bickering old ladies seated around a crackling fire, no mention of currency was made. Gwen held fast to Lawrence's hand as they passed the mangy bear who had been originally accused of being the beast ravaging Blackmoor folk; the animal in question shuffled nervously as Lawrence passed, recoiling as far as its chain would allow. At last they arrived in front of what seemed to be the most embellished of all the wagons; curtains made of glass beads shone in the early light as a breeze rose, parting them and allowing a glimpse inside. The wind carried out the strong, cloying scent of incense, and a clear female voice was heard speaking Romanian, raised in argument it seemed, as they approached the glittering doorway. The man leading them parted the curtain to allow them entrance, but not before a young gypsy girl, somewhere in her early twenties, flung herself out of the wagon, muttering to herself and casting a dark glare at Gwen and Lawrence as she passed. An older, weaker voice called for them to come in, and as they entered, Gwen first, the owner of this voice became visible, an elderly lady, nearly folded in upon herself with age, seated at a small table covered with dark velvet. She nodded in recognition at Gwen, who nodded gravely in turn, having sought her aid before; Milena then turned a fond smile upon Lawrence, who smiled back faintly; he didn't recall her being the one who had treated him for the turning wound. She bade them take a seat at the small round table, as she refreshed a low-burning rod of incense in the middle of its surface. Her colorfully-patterned skirt whirled about her ankles as she moved in the confined space, putting one deck of cards away and retrieving another, and asking if they wanted tea. It seemed she was stalling for time, but Gwen and Lawrence both accepted eagerly, parched from their journey. It was a fortifying brew, refreshingly made from fresh herbs, nothing like the desiccated flakes Gwen was accustomed to making tea from, and she inhaled the steam from her mug eagerly. Milena was still clattering about, slow as she was, still evading the reason they were there, the reason they had trekked across Britain to find the caravan, the reason dozens were dead. Avoiding the elephant in the room that was not an elephant at all, but a snarling, carnivorous monster. With Lawrence beginning to shift uneasily, doubting that they would find much aid here after all, and Gwen's pleading stare burning a hole in her back, the elderly Roma finally faced them, heaving herself wearily into her chair with a resigned sigh. She took a few moments to shuffle her deck, laying out several cards in an intricate design on the worn velvet covering the table; her expression grew grimmer with each flick of a card. Gwen's eyes followed her movements robotically, and she dimly thanked heaven that the one gypsy who could aid them, happened to have the best English, as well. Maybe they were not so star-crossed after all. Gwen finally spoke up, after glancing at Lawrence, whose agitation had coalesced into a nervous tapping of one booted foot against the wagon's wooden floor. \"Madame Milena, is there a cure after all? You led me to believe that-\", she drew a breath, \"…that death was the only outcome of this curse. I'd like to know once and for all, so I can plan accordingly.\" Milena raised an amused brow at Gwen's determined tone, the resolve she could see in the younger lady's eyes, in the defiant tilt to her chin. Still, she had a reputation to uphold, did she not, as a whimsically-toned, mysterious gypsy, and so she spoke a piece of truth they already knew, to prolong her performance. \"You have fire, my child, but it cannot burn this curse.\" Gwen's upbringing had always enforced politeness, respect, and the holding of one's tongue if the desired utterance was not socially proper; but she was growing frustrated at this point. How had Ben dealt with these people for so long, the verbal labyrinths and colorfully-worded repetitions? Milena grinned, reaching a gnarled hand across the table to pat Gwen's. \"I know you have not much time, my child, and so I will tell you, for all our sake's.\" She gestured with almost motherly affection at Lawrence, encouraging him to finish his tea. \"When I was a child, many, many years ago, there was one with the curse in the mountains where I lived, a woman. The man who loved her would not accept that this was the end, and so she killed, and killed, for he could not kill her, nor help her. But an elder in the village, a very wise woman, she thought, and thought, and thought, while the beast killed. Finally, she believed she knew how to stop it. The cursed woman's lover would isolate her, trap her in a rural section of the mountains, chained in a cave, to prevent more damage if he failed, on the next full moon; of course no one else would risk their own safety to try this task. Once the moon rose, he would begin cutting her, with a blade of pure silver. Each hour, through the moon's cycle that night, he would wound her with the silver, though not grievously. This added more and more silver to the bloodstream, weakening the beast more and more through the night. It was hoped the silver would add up to a fatal amount, to the beast, but that the blood loss would not harm the human, too much. The problem was once the moon had risen, she would be changed, and so her lover would be at risk every hour on the hour, getting close enough to harm the creature. He also had to keep her restrained; the creature's strength was immeasurable, especially given the ferocity wounded animals tend to show.\" Milena paused, letting the implications sink in, and refilling her tea, sipping before continuing the story. Lawrence noted with amusement that her accent became more and more pronounced as she reiterated the grim tale. \"The next morning, a group of trusted villagers, friends of the man, went up the mountain to find the man and bring him back. When they came to the cave, they found the lady inside, naked, covered in blood but otherwise now unharmed, cradling the dead body of her lover. When they could finally pry the corpse from her arms, they cut her with the blade again, to see if her flesh would still burn and smoke with the silver allergy. It did not, and they hoped the curse was gone. They brought her back to the village, and the man's body, burying him and leaving her to mourn alone. They had to wait until the full moon, to see if the curse was gone. Weeks passed, the man's grave growing over with grass and and weeds, before the next full moon approached. The same group of villagers took the woman, now quite mad with grief, up to the same cave, to see. The moon rose, and nothing happened. On their trip back, the lady broke free from then men, and threw herself off a cliff. The curse was broken, but at a terrible price. She had lived long enough to make sure her lover's work had not been in vain, and then she rushed to join him.\" Milena fell silent, rising and squeezing Lawrence's forearm comfortingly as she moved past, whisking out the doorway curtain to give them some privacy to absorb the story. The elderly gypsy wrapped her shawl tighter around her thin shoulders once she had stepped into the night air, moving through the camp. Past songs being sung around campfires, past the reprimands of mothers putting children to bed, past the snuffling of the dancing bear as it shifted in its sleep. At last she was far enough from the firelight to see the sky without a glare, and craned her neck, looking up to the stars. They could tell stories, the stars. But they, and the cards, and tea leaves; nothing was saying anything but Death to her, and yet she had to hope, for the two people currently in her wagon, for the love that had bloomed fully between them. Both Lawrence and Gwen were silent, he rubbing a hand across his face as he leaned an elbow on the table, she slumped in her chair, ladylike posture abandoned for the moment in lieu of processing everything Milena had told them. After a moment, Gwen leapt up, a feverish glint in her eyes. \"So it's possible. All our hopes, it's…We can do this, Lawrence. I can do this, save you. We can be together.\" \"You mean I could be cured, at the potential cost of your life. I won't risk it.\" Lawrence rose as well, beginning to pace in the small space, raking agitated fingers through his hair. \"We only have a couple of days until the next full moon…\" \"Which is why we have to move, now,\" Gwen finished for him. \"I refuse to let you go, to hand you over to the cruel hands of fate, to this curse. I won't do it, Lawrence. You cannot ask me to stand by while you do what, kill yourself? We have got to take this chance. It means everything to me. If you suffered for the rest of your life and I had done nothing…Or if I lose you to yourself, my life would not matter anyhow. Please. There is no time for debate.\" \"There is no debate, I will not put you at risk, be responsible for harming a single hair on your head, Gwen. Don't you understand? I would cease to exist if anything happened to you…\" It seemed they were at an impasse incurred by the tendency to self-sacrifice, which both were now displaying. Tears were filling Gwen's eyes, spilling down her porcelain cheeks as she crossed to him, laying a palm against his cheek, rough with stubble. \"I will take every precaution. I will make it through this, and you will too. We could have our own lives again…\" He closed his eyes, leaning his cheek further into her grasp. \"I am wanted for murder, on several accounts, and you are believed kidnapped or dead…Nothing will be normal now, Gwen.\" \"I don't care,\" she maintained defiantly, lifting her other hand to his face and forcing him to look at her. \"I just want you, Lawrence, nothing else, and this curse is the only thing standing in our way. It would be simple enough to adopt a migrant lifestyle, maybe even with the gypsies...\" He was unconvinced, his mind only seeing images of Gwen bleeding, screaming, ripped apart, dying in his arms, as he had when in the asylum. \"Lawrence. I'm asking you to take this leap with me.\" Gwen was steadfast in her acceptance of Milena's suggestion, and she planned to garner nothing less than acceptance from him. He raised his stricken gaze to Gwen's eyes, calm and blue like a lake on a summer day. His hands flew up to cover hers, tightly and almost to the point of pain, as if he were anchoring himself in contact with her, and gradually he thawed, finally whispering, \"But with one condition.\" When she nodded in reassurance, he continued. \"If I appear to be getting loose…If it seems too dangerous…I want you to leave. No matter how much control I appear to have, no matter how much of a grasp it seems I've gained over my other side…Who knows what would happen? I will not risk you any more than is necessary. Do you hear me?\" Gwen nodded, all the while telling herself she would not leave, no matter what, as long as the choice was in her power. When their voices had fallen silent, the young gypsy girl from before entered the tent, giving a brisk nod to the both of them, and gesturing for them to follow her. The olive-skinned beauty led Gwen to one tent and Lawrence another, and they emerged back into the evening light wearing fresh, borrowed outfits. Gwen quite enjoyed the feel of the loose white blouse and vibrant green skirt, twirling in excitement like a child for a moment as she rejoined Lawrence by the nearest fire, earning a fond smile from him. The gypsies were immensely kind and hospitable, seating them and tending to all needs, treating a scrape on Gwen's arm, feeding them some sort of rich stew for dinner, then giving them privacy afterwards. To Gwen's dismay, Lawrence began to pace again, circling over and over; Gwen was unpleasantly reminded of the warnings hunters gave, to keep a fire lit when in the forest, to keep wolves at bay. The flickering flames danced across his handsome face, alternately illuminating and cloaking it in darkness, as if a metaphor for the war being fought inside him, the two entities coexisting. She could see him losing himself; the curse was chipping away, little by little, at everything that was Lawrence, and she could not let it continue. The moon chose that moment to show itself, the nearly-full orb casting a wholly different light on Lawrence. A chilling reminder of what was yet to come. Hope that was enjoyable! ~xo Bon[Chapter 4] Unfortunately, this is a bit of a filler chapter. I'm still sorting out the transformation in the next chapter, and I think we will be done after two more, total! Thank you for reading. -Bon It was the second dawn since the gypsy camp had been left behind, in favor of making haste to the Cairngorms, mountains in northern Scotland. The craggy slopes were riddled with caverns and deep crevices, and steadily dropping temperatures ensured a lack of recreational hunting and sport for several days. The region should be uninhabited, should anything go awry. Indeed, a light snow had already begun to fall as Gwen and Lawrence maneuvered their mounts along a steep, barely-there path, forcing them to increase their pace if they were ever to reach the cave described to them by Mileva. It had been used by the gypsies as a supply cache, until the unseasonably chilly autumn had forced them to leave it until spring at least. To supplement what they would find there, the gypsies had graciously traded their worn horses for sturdier mounts and replenished their food and water; a gift from their own blacksmith had appeared as well, the set of high-quality cuffs that were originally meant for restraining the bear. The steel shackles were cold to the touch, thick, and unrelenting. They were of the durability the gravity of the situation, and the beast's strength, called for, and Gwen could not complain of the quality, though she saw the shaped metal as a grim reminder of the curse they fought. Binding, deadly, their necessity proof of the risks she took by participating in this rite. All of the gifts were a pleasant surprise; as clearly terrified of Lawrence as many were, Mileva's people still offered what help and support they could. It broke Gwen's heart, seeing these people, so despised by the privileged society she had been raised immersed in, proving the most understanding. They not only believed in the curse, they were willing to house and aid Lawrence. That was more than she could say of anyone in London, and probably the rest of England. She would be indebted forever to the Roma. The horses' hooves clacking against rocks on the path was the only noise to be heard, and Gwen had had enough. Gnawing on her chapped lips, she tried to think of a conversational topic that wouldn't upset Lawrence, and would pull him from the morose daze he would not be stirred from. His horse had been apparently sensing… something about him, and had to be reined in often; the small bursts of protest, accompanied by shrill neighs, were occurring more and more, hindering their progress. Gwen could not blame the beast; for what lay dormant inside Lawrence could rip it to shreds in an instant. They were reminded of that fact each evening, when the moon rose, progressively more and more circular in each night's inky sky. Suppressing a shudder at that thought, Gwen spurred her horse up alongside Lawrence's, reaching out a hand to his slumped shoulders, attempting to offer some small bit of comfort. \"Lawrence? Are you alright? Right now, I mean…\" She fell silent at the ridiculous question, frowning as she rubbed his shoulder. He leaned into her touch, sighing quietly. \"It weighs on me…when the moon is close to full,\" he explained quietly. \"It feels like a weight in my chest, and as if I could lose control at any moment. You saw my strength even several days ago. The wolf shows itself when it pleases, even outside the boundaries of the moon's cycle. It worries me, having you alone up in these isolated mountains, with this thing…inside me.\" \"But I am with you, Lawrence, and that's all that matters. Don't worry, it will be gone soon.\" Gwen's tone was strong and assuring, and her hand slid from his shoulder to grasp Lawrence's hand tightly. \"Just trust me.\" \"I do nothing, if not that.\" His mouth quirked up in a half-smile, and they returned their eyes to the dubious trail before them. Night had fallen, and thankfully, the pair had made it to the cave just before the sun had set completely. Lawrence had been amused to watch Gwen unsaddle her own horse; he was constantly astounded and simultaneously full of pride at how self-sufficient she could prove. He had no doubt she would be able to move on if he could not be saved…Shaking the morbid thoughts from his head, he finished tending to both horses, leaving them safely tethered under an overhanging ledge of rock outside the cave itself; he didn't think they would rest easily in an enclosed space with him, and perhaps they had a chance to escape if… He was doing it again. It was doing it again. Sinking its teeth into his mind, burrowing into his consciousness, deeper with every passing minute that the moon grew rounder. He would never look at the lunar monstrosity again, when this was all over, if he could manage. He found Gwen at a point deep within the cave, already starting a fire, or attempting to. With a small grin he took the flint from her hands, starting it easily. She shrugged, throwing her hands up good-naturedly and muttering about some tasks being beyond her capabilities. As she moved towards the front of the cave where most of the supplies were being kept, calling out something about attending to her appearance, Lawrence sorted through the heavily-packaged supplies that comprised the gypsy cache. It was the usual, grain, rope, things that would not spoil or be harmed too badly by the environment they were being stored in. After a time he returned to the fire, and still, Gwen had not returned. Growing worried that she may catch a chill, for the temperature was dropping rapidly, even in this shelter, he sought her out, finding her on her knees in front of one of their packs, staring at the manacles peeping out from the burlap material. When he grasped her hands, meaning to pull her up, a quiet sob escaped her lips, and one of her hands broke free to scrape through her hair, upsetting the bun it was held in. \"I…I don't want to chain you like an animal, Lawrence,\" she managed. \"You don't deserve this and you never did and I just don't understand why you.\" She began to sob in earnest, and he only sighed quietly, finally succeeding in pulling her to her feet, and into his arms. Cupping the back of her head as she clung to his shirt, Lawrence shushed her, his other hand running up and down her spine, pressing her body as close to his as he could while her sobs quieted. In but a few short moments, she was composed again; Gwen Conliffe was never one prone to feminine hysterics, and he could hardly judge one small panic in the midst of the disaster that was currently his existence. Mumbling an apology, she stepped away from him, sniffling and patting her hair, reaching for the bag containing the chains and pulling them out, one by one. \"It'll be sufficient, I'm sure.\" Lawrence nodded, reaching for the pile of metal bindings and bringing it into the depths of the cave, where a rock wall signaled the end. Gwen unpacked some of their rations, some dried fruit and meat, and a flagon of water, settling in to wait while Lawrence took hammer and nail to the rear chamber, setting the base for his own restraints. The gypsies had given them solid tent stakes, and he anchored each chain with several. He was taking no chances if Gwen was going to be mere feet away from the monster, even if he had maintained a semblance of control during the last transformation. They had also made plans to chain him at midday the following day, giving them a wide margin before the autumn moon would begin rising. It was late into the night when he finally finished, though he didn't believe he would rest much at all. His anxiety was palpable at the situation, his fear for Gwen coloring every sense at this point. He returned to the fireside at last, spotting Gwen already sleeping in what looked to be a cramped sitting position. Frowning, Lawrence made sure to grab every blanket, fashion the most comfortable setup he could manage, and gently pull the sleeping Gwen onto it, without disturbing her rest. Cushioning her head with his arm, he curled around hers, fitting to her small form with ease. Her steady breathing soothed him immeasurably, and despite the mental turbulence that had been plaguing him for weeks, he fell asleep easily, an arm curved possessively over her waist. Next chapter should be relatively soon...I think... ~Bon[Chapter 5] Only one left to go, thanks for sticking with this story! Gwen's pout would have been adorable in any other circumstance, but Lawrence could find no humor in anything at this point. She was standing, arms folded, eyeing the rear of the cave where he was to be housed, chained like a dog, while she prodded him with a silver blade all night. Every hour, on the hour, like clockwork. Like a doctor administering clinical doses of a medicine to a patient. After they had awoken and eaten, which neither could do much of, Gwen had set to moving all supplies towards the fire, improving the barricade against the weather; the cave was funneling the freezing winter air, making the environment that much less hospitable to the pair. The pure silver blade they had been entrusted with was pulled from its case and grimace at, before being set aside, upon a crate where Gwen would spend the evening using it on Lawrence. The sight of it upset her, and she could barely stand thinking ahead to what would pass this night. Part of the extreme cold was due to the fact that it was a very clear day, which was helpful, since an overcast of clouds would make it very difficult to gauge time of day and the moon's arrival. The horses had been seen to, given extra food and water, and tied even further away from the cave than before, and out of the wind. Gwen and Lawrence spent the remainder of their time reminiscing, about his performances, hilarious stories of Ben's interactions with the gypsies, how Gwen had wished to have met their mother. No mention was made of the curse or his father; time and emotion enough had been spent on those painful subjects. Both expressed envy of the gypsy lifestyle, surprising one another, and a good laugh had been had over imagining Lawrence jugging flaming torches while Gwen danced atop a table in colorful skirts. At last the time came, and Gwen had clung to Lawrence for a moment, her face pressed to his neck, simply breathing him in, memorizing the feel of him against her. Their kiss was slow and deliberate, each blending their feelings, wishes, and faith with the other. And then Lawrence broke away, slowly leading her by the hand to the back of the cave. He situated himself on the cold ground, kneeling, while she took a deep breath before grabbing the first manacle and clasping it tightly, to the point of pain, over his left wrist. She did the same to the right, with determined movements, checking and rechecking the fastenings as if she were a professional. But a professional would be objective, not caring that the restraints were restricting the blood flow to Lawrence's hands, turning them a blotchy purple; a professional would not silently utter prayers that his hands would at least turn numb, rendering him unaware of part of the pain that was going to escalate all through the night. Lawrence was reminded of the asylum. Those cold hands binding him with frigid chains to a chair, making the odd detached remark about the \"patient\", chastising him for resisting. Agonized, he tried to shove away the memories of being tied down, dunked into icy water, giving small electric shocks, having his head prodded and poked at. When his breathing escalated, Gwen calmly took his face in both her hands, making eye contact with him and assuring him it was alright. That there would only be this one last time, and they'd be free of the Wolf. Of the morbid legacy his father had managed to pass down. Of the thing that had killed so very many, ruined so many additional lives forever. Finally, he was fully restrained. His ankles had been fastened with the metal as well, all of it crisscrossed with lengths upon lengths of chain, weaving in and out of each other and fastened to stakes in the ground and on the walls. It looked like a medieval torture chamber to Gwen's eyes, and she almost grinned at the thought of how any sensible, rational Londoner would react to the sight of such a scene. Then again, what sensible, rational Londoner was capable of such deep affection and love that they would even bear the mere thought of attempting such a torturous procedure for their love? She had been brought up around so many fake smiles, false inquiries into one's health, concern for someone's daughter's reputation, when in fact they would rejoice heavily at the scandalous news of an elopement or some such event. She was sick of it all, she decided, and would never return to the city or society. The uglier side of life, disaster, mayhem, misery, it all revealed the nastier sides of the people it touched. She would like to think her own father would have helped Lawrence in this situation, but was she sure? In any case, she would not have involved him in such a dangerous matter, and she knew not whether he even believed her alive at the moment. It was better to wait until all was said and done before attempting to reveal herself. If she remained intact enough to do so… Lawrence rattled his chains, stirring her from her thoughts as he shifted, attempting comfort in the face of metal clasping nearly every inch of his body. She moved forward to stroke his hair, offering what small relief she could from the discomfort, and then moved to stoke the fire, drawing a book from her pack before returning and beginning to read aloud to Lawrence, as she had when he was first taken by the curse. It seemed to calm him greatly, for when she looked up after a time, his eyes had closed and breathing slowed. It was just past six o'clock when it began. Gwen knew because she had just checked Lawrence's pocketwatch when she heard the first painful groan. She had never actually seen the change itself, and was both frightened for Lawrence and intrigued, she was ashamed to admit to herself. She had rushed towards the sound of rattling chains, stopping short at the sight of Lawrence doubled over, breathing harshly. A strange cracking noise filled the air, and Gwen caught her breath at the sight of his hands clenched upon the ground. His fingers were…elongating, the joints jutting out of place and forming some altogether new alignment, while he began to howl with pain. The sleeves of his white shirt ripped straight up to his shoulders, muscles rippling and reforming while fur sprouted from his skin. She could think of no better time to begin the process, as perhaps the agony of the transformation would mask the first pain from the blade. Retrieving it, Gwen inched forward, swallowing thickly as she hefted the handcrafted weapon in her right hand. When she was scarcely a stride away, she darted forward, quickly slicing into Lawrence's bicep while murmuring a plea for forgiveness that would come to be repeated time after time this night. As she backed away again, a small seeping of red stained the previously-pristine white shirt, a small sizzling noise preceding a small wisp of… smoke , rising from the slash she had made in the fabric. It burned him . She didn't know whether to feel satisfaction at wounding the curse, or horror that what she was injuring held Lawrence just beneath the surface. The half-beast, half-man shrieked mid-transformation, the pain from the blade not even noticeable as its spine realigned, vertebrae popping and cracking like dry wood on a fire, agony hunching ever lower in its kneeling position. Gwen covered her mouth with a gloved hand, sickened by the sight and sound. This was the first and last time she would witness any of this, however, and so she had to bear it, for Lawrence. Blood poured from his mouth, pattering onto the dirt mere inches from his head and creating a disgusting form of mud, as his teeth retreated and morphed, shredding his gums in the process. Even his facial structure was changing, the area around his mouth and nose ballooning out to form a partial muzzle, newborn fangs jutting out over the blackened lips as jawbone cracked and adjusted. As the beast reared back, sending flecks of blood flying as it roared in anguish, the shirt it wore ripped across the chest, revealing a ribcage that was rippling, as each individual bone expanded with echoing crunching noises. Lawrence's boots had been removed, his feet bared to the chill of the cavern hours earlier. The flesh upon them was currently darkening, rending, as talon-like nails sprouted from every toe, the heel twisting to allow a more canine manner of movement. Several moments passed, and finally the shrieks and gasps of pain, accompanied by the popping and crackling of tissue and bone, abated. Tears filled Gwen's eyes as she watched The Wolf, whose back was turned to her, rise to its feet, keeping silent as it scanned the cave, experimentally rattling the chains holding it. When it could find no give, a ferocious growl and accompanying howl escaped its throat, echoing throughout the cavern until Gwen was certain it had reverberated across every inch of the stone walls. Squeezing her eyes shut, she murmured yet another small prayer, hoping her record of church attendance would not impact fulfillment of these pleas too heavily. When her eyes opened again, The Wolf was watching her. Startled, she backed up a half step, stumbling into the crate she had been settled on for most of the day. Swallowing thickly, she met its chilling, golden gaze, searching for any trace of Lawrence and finding none. The mercy that the beast had shown her before seemed unfathomable in this moment, and she could only hope that Lawrence would gain control as the moon's influence progressed. Her thoughts were interrupted when it growled again, low in its throat, eyes narrowing as it scanned up and down her form, then casting that evil stare about the length of the cavern again, finally ending by trailing up and down the chains holding its limbs captive. How on earth was she going to get close enough again to nick it with the silver? It was fully alert, suspicious and enraged, looking as though it would be pacing menacingly if it had the ability. It moved again, trying to take a single step in any direction and failing. That comforted her; its arms seemed to have the most mobility, however, and that was…Usually the method of killing, swipes of those gnarled claws. It could undoubtedly reach her easily if she did not catch it at the right moment and move away fast enough. Gwen checked the pocketwatch again; nearly thirty minutes into the transformation. Nothing much in the cave except her seemed to hold its attention; maybe if she appealed to it as she had the night they had escaped Abberline? Every hour on the hour? She snorted at herself, and the creature jerked to look at her again, cocking its head to the side, lips peeling back to display the length fangs underneath. It was probably hungry, she realized with a small gulp. She was more frightened of it than she had ever been; perhaps because her adrenaline was not quite as forced to the surface as it had been in previous encounters; this transformation had felt…Goaded, lured, because they needed to put an end to it now . And that dire need had led to her sitting in a cavern several miles from any civilization, across from a beast that would most likely shred her limb from limb if given half a chance. How to catch it off guard? She could only hope it would grow bored, lazy with inactivity, and perhaps sleep. Did the creature even sleep? She had no idea, and so she stood with quaking limbs, heading for her pack to retrieve her heftiest tome on lycanthropy, opening it for hopefully the last time and scouring page after page for any information on the mannerisms of the creature, once transformed. There was nothing, and after fifteen minutes and another scanning of the face of the pocketwatch in the flickering firelight, she slammed the dusty tome shut, flinging it aside before moving to stoke up the fire again. She was out of time, and needed to administer the \"treatment\" again. Taking deep breath after deep breath, trying to ignore the slightly-echoing harsh breathing coming from the back passageway, Gwen moved quickly to the stone archway leading to the back of the cave, and began shoving crates and boxes about, piling them as high as her strength would permit. This darkened the rear section the creature was housed in, and maybe she would have a safer way of approaching it. When her impromptu barrier was constructed as best as she could manage with the time constraints, Gwen retrieved the dagger, keeping it in her right hand, and behind the bustle of her skirts, moving slowly back towards the beast that was snuffling loudly and rattling its chains ominously. When it came into sight, the creature whipped its head around to watch her approach, fangs showing themselves again, but no smarl escaping the blackened lips. \"Lawrence, I'm so sorry. I know you're in there, and that you can somehow hear this, even if you won't remember it. I love you, and you must always remember that, no matter what. We are going to make it through this, and ride right back down through these mountains, and find my father and assure him I am safe, and then we can join the gypsies, or cross the ocean and you can rejoin the acting troupe, or we could be bandits or…\" She had been moving closer as she spoke, quenching the fear with all her might, and the creature did not even move once, seemingly entranced by her voice. Once she was within arm's reach, she pulled the dagger forward, quickly crouching and slicing into the beast's thigh before scrambling away as it tried to figure out what she was doing. A strangled yelp sounded, the creature probably being unused to harm. Regaining her footing, now covered in dirt and fear-induced sweat, Gwen panted, straightening her skirts and grimacing at the smears of blood on the blade she held. The creature had scarcely moved a muscle as long as she kept talking…This was becoming beyond bizarre, but the past few months of her life had been nothing but strange. Looking up at the creature, the glazed look in its eyes was only now dwindling, as it tried to investigate its wound. Feeling like she now had an idea of how to approach the rest of the night, Gwen checked the pocketwatch yet again, seeing that she had nearly an hour before the next treatment. Heading back to her things, she retrieved another book, before settling back on the rickety crate she'd occupied all day, and proceeding to read to The Wolf, her voice not quivering in the slightest, bolstered by confidence in her newfound plan. Reading to the creature had been effective all night. Gwen rubbed at her bleary eyes, suppressing another yawn as she rose, checking the pocketwatch and ascertaining it was now only one hour to sunrise, then attempting to stretch in her now-completely wrinkled and filthy dress. The Wolf was now reclining as best it could in a crouched position, eyes on her every second, tracing her every movement. Shutting the book and setting it aside, confident that this would be the last administration of silver, Gwen rose to her feet, wiping the blade carefully with a handkerchief, starting to tell the story of her journey to London to first meet Lawrence, that night in the theater. The creature fell into the strange dreamy state it had been in for most of the night, eyes semi-closing and breathing evening as it listened to her, clawed hands drooping to rest on its knees. Gwen moved ever closer, as she had several times now, still talking, but something went wrong. She couldn't have seen it coming, but as she approached, the pair of horses outside grew raucous, neighing shrilly, unfortunate wind direction sending the sound filtering straight in to the cave. The noise the animals made roused the beast at the worst time, and it rose to its full height, simultaneously wrenching at the restraints, succeeding in working one arm loose. Belatedly, Gwen realized they should have found a way to keep it fed, less desperate for food, judging by the reaction it made to the livestock noises…Too late now. Just as Gwen reached it, the arm swung at her, the movement nearly too quick to follow with human eyes. The blade in her hand sliced into its forearm regardless, even as the creature flung her aside, claws slashing into the flash of her abdomen and chest as it sent her crashing into the far wall. The last thing Gwen heard was a satisfied roar, as the rattling of more chains signaled The Wolf releasing itself. The creature in question was so occupied with freeing itself that it didn't notice the increasingly-smoking wound Gwen had nonetheless left on it, until the sizzling sound was audible. It was now completely free, and started stalking towards the mouth of the cave, when the pain in its arm began to spread. With a lingering yelp, The Wolf fell to its knees, clutching at its shoulder, where the agony was currently focused. Its clouding yellow gaze moved to the cavern opening, where the early light of dawn was signifying the demise of the full moon, for another four weeks. Summoning its strength for one last weak howl, the thing collapsed to the cave floor, oblivious to its victim lying in the rear chamber, and the blood pooling around her form. Awareness returned first. He could hear wind moving through the cave, feel stone and dirt beneath his body, and when his eyes finally cracked open, Lawrence could see every particle in the rock near his face. He was sprawled on his stomach; otherwise unharmed. He was unsure whether to despair or rejoice over the fact that he felt…well, fine. Intact. Glancing over his body, what flesh he could see among his shredded clothes appeared unscathed, if dirty. He wriggled his fingers experimentally, trying to ascertain if they would morph into claws, draw blood, and rend flesh during the next lunar cycle. He gave up, supposing there was no way to tell… His head shot up as he suddenly recalled how he may have been saved at all. \"Gwen?\" He ventured cautiously, shakily climbing to his feet and peering around the cave. There was no answer, only the echoes of his own voice slowly dying away as they reverberated against the stone walls. It was fairly cold, he now realized, the cavern dimly illuminated by the now-dying fire. As he drew closer to the embers, the feeble firelight was cast upon him. His blood chilled as he raised his hands to his face. He could see a thick layer of grit and soil upon them, undoubtedly from clawing at and writhing upon the ground as the Wolf suffered. But there were…moist smears, something scarlet blended with the dirt on his skin. He felt no pain or injury on himself, and so the brownish-red mixture terrified Lawrence to his very bones. Bringing a hand to his nose, the coppery scent of blood was detectable even by his weak human nostrils. \"Gwen!\" His strangled cry was louder this time, strength renewed by the horror coursing through his veins, gripping his insides with a relentless, icy grasp. There was again no response, and he dashed to the entrance of the cave. Maybe she was tending to the horses…But she was nowhere in sight, and the horses were tied outside, huddled together in the bitingly-chilly air. \"Please god, no…\" Lawrence muttered. He felt as though he were feverish, immersed in a nightmare while his body fought off some horrible sickness. With jerky, rushed movements, he stoked the fire, tossing wood onto it frantically in an attempt to light and warm the space. At length the flames crackled and danced merrily again, oblivious to the agony Lawrence was in. Where was Gwen? Grabbing a flaming log by the uncharred end, Lawrence began a frantic sweep of the cave, which had never seemed so large and ominous. Rounding corners and ducking beneath jagged awnings of rock, he finally froze, having found his way to the spot where he had been tied down. Come to think of it … How had he become unshackled? The realization that the beast had gotten loose hit him when he spotted a gnarled pile of metal on the ground; the chain's links were wrenched out of place and thrown about erratically. The only noise his ears could detect was his own harsh breathing, as he stumbled forward. A misery-filled wail escaped his lips as the torch illuminated the back wall of the cave. A spattering of blood had been left to trickle downwards, seeming to point at the crumpled figure that lay where the wall met ground, cast aside like a broken doll. The cries escaping Lawrence's lips at the sight of Gwen's ravaged body could have woken the dead, to his own ears; and yet, she didn't move a muscle… He stumbled to her side, blindly sticking his impromptu torch into a crevice in the cave wall, his hands twitching as he hovered over her, torn between pulling her into his arms to assess the damage, and refusal to hurt her more by doing so. He settled for cautiously inching her from her facedown position onto her back, easing her torso into his lap; but the blood that had seeped out from around her had Lawrence nearly blind with tears, frantic to wake her. The entire front of her dress was soaked with blood, and it was in her hair, across one of her porcelain cheeks, covering the cave floor in a meter-wide radius as well. If she was still alive, she did not have long. Lawrence brought her face to his ear, discerning with a tear-choked gasp that she was indeed still breathing, though shallowly. Several slashes were visible across her chest and stomach, and he could only hope that the many layers to her dress, and her corset's whale bone lining, may have alleviated some of the damage. Her collar was shredded, the fabric flapping open as he moved her, revealing her pale collarbone, bloody slashes showing stark against the bared alabaster skin beneath the ruined bodice of her dress. As he stared, tears fell onto Gwen's cheek, running through the still-wet blood streaks, trailing down her jawline and revealing the whiteness beneath. She had lost too much. \"Please stay with me, Gwen. I would never hurt you…I am so sorry I couldn't stop it. So sorry. Please don't leave me.\" He pulled her face to his, kissing her cold, slackened lips fervently. \" Please don't leave me.\" Croaking a prayer to whoever and whatever was listening, Lawrence retrieved Gwen's cloak, bundling her in it as tightly as he could to staunch any remaining bleeding, hoping there were no broken bones or internal damage to her abdomen. Hefting her quickly into his arms, he stumbled his way to the cave entrance, not bothering to put on a jacket or his boots, even. Approaching the horses, they shied away, neighing anxiously, his horse sidestepping his attempts to saddle it. After a moment it calmed down, seeming to sense the urgency in his tone, or perhaps it smelled the blood, and allowed him to saddle it. He didn't bother with the second horse, wanting to keep Gwen securely with him, and cradled her limp form in front of him in the saddle, before giving it free rein to rush down the rugged trail as quickly as it could safely manage. He could only pray the horse could find its masters' camp before Gwen's time ran out. Promise to get the epilogue out as quickly as I can. xoxo Bon[Chapter 6] My promised epilogue. I hope the last few lines are as cool to you guys as they were to me. -Bon The sky gazing upon London was dark and murky as chimney smoke, clouds roiling in preparation for the second storm within as many days. A heavy rain had persisted all morning, driving sheets of water against the structures and citizens of the massive city, turning everything sodden and muddy within instants of the downpour starting. One lone figure was braving the torrential downpour, the solitary form the only visible movement on the street the Conliffe Apothecary was located on. Clad in a lengthy, gray woolen trenchcoat that was now soaked through, hair topped by a thoroughly-drenched, and now-ruined, fedora, the man seemed not to mind the weather as long strides carried him to the door of the small shop. Ascending the steps in a single bound, the man cast a furtive glance around, before removing the fedora from his dark locks, the hat sending rivulets of rainwater cascading around his boots. He cleared his throat quietly, casting one more cautionary glance around the street, before raising a gloved hand and rapping sharply upon the oak door. It was early in the day, and a Sunday; many inhabitants of the street were securely in bed, foregoing church to avoid the weather, doubling their prayers tonight in lieu of attendance. The man was not too wary of being seen or caught, trivial matters scarce bothered him these days, though his eyes were haunted and dim, trained on his boots as he stood, head bowed, waiting atop the apothecary stoop. At last the door swung inward, protesting loudly, even over the loud pattering of raindrops. A graying, kind-faced older man stood there, peering out and up into the face of his caller. \"Can I help you…?\" He asked, fixing his glasses with a finger as they drooped precariously on his face. He was squinting, as if he had a faint idea who the man at his door was, but needed a little prompting. \"My name is Lawrence. Lawrence Talbot.\" The older man's face flickered with recognition, almost unwillingly, and he blanched. \"Are you with Scotland Yard? Has progress been made with my daughter's disappearance? Has her body been…\" The younger man fidgeted on the stoop, fingers plucking at the hat he held. \"Sir, would you mind if we took this conversation indoors? I've…some grave news for you.\" Mr. Conliffe's face paled further, his expression dropping as he abruptly peered around Lawrence's form. \"Your kind usually come in packs, as I've seen that Inspector Abberline do…Only enough news for one man to spread?\" \"There's been…an incident, Mr. Conliffe. I have a lot to explain to you, and it must be done quickly. We must leave soon.\" Though the older man's brow furrowed with confusion, he backed up, allowing entry, and Lawrence gestured for the other man to precede him into the apothecary, closing the door himself and letting Mr. Conliffe lead him upstairs into a small receiving room, declining any offer of refreshment, clearing his throat and sorting the timeline of facts in his mind before beginning. \"Would you call yourself superstitious or open-minded, Mr. Conliffe…?\" Mileva released a ragged sigh, carefully wringing out yet another stained washcloth, diluted blood dripping from the material to patter into a basin below it, already full of the rose-tinted liquid. The macabre procedure was a result of laving at Gwen's wounds for the third day in a row, in between cutting away bloodstained clothing, stitching at shredded skin, and administering herbal poultices to wounds that were then bandaged. The entire procedure was being repeated each day, sometimes more often, as the patient's fevered thrashing often ruined the stitching and bandages across her body. When the wounded Gwen had been brought to Mileva's door, skin drained of color and still dripping blood, the gypsy elder had barely batted an eye, grim resignation occupying the place of expected surprise in her expression. But internally, the extent of her wounds was simply unbelievable to the woman, despite all her years of tending to the results of horseback-riding accidents, mishaps with the dancing bear, and incalculable other injuries caused by the juggling of blades, breathing fire, and the like. She honestly could not understand how the girl, so slight in build and fragile as she appeared to begin with, was still breathing. At first glance, she had not believed anything could even be done to begin to staunch the bleeding, patch the rent flesh back together, or tend to the damaged organs. But she had rolled up her sleeves, snapped concise orders in Romani to all helpers in sight, and got to work, gesturing frantically that the girl be brought in. The extent of her injuries had been kept from Lawrence, though it could be assumed he knew they were life-threatening, and the jolting, hours-long ride down from the mountains could not have helped. Mileva had sent him to find Gwen's father, partly to distract him and give him a purpose, and mostly to provide for the unthinkable, if Gwen took a turn for the worse, which was entirely plausible, given her condition. She had not regained consciousness in all this time, and Mileva hoped that was a good sign, giving her body time to recuperate from this massive shock. Gwen moaned loudly, breaking Mileva from her dark thoughts, as she writhed weakly in the cot she had occupied since arriving back in the camp, propped limply against Lawrence's chest as he had arrived in a cloud of dust on the edge of camp. Blood had made its way down the horse's saddle and sides, giving the impression that the animal itself was wounded, and not the motionless passenger on its back. The appearance of the blood-soaked convoy of one had spurred the startled gypsies into action, several men dashing forward to assist an exhausted Lawrence from the saddle, and gently shifting Gwen down between them, taking her as quickly as they could to Mileva's quarters. A frantic Lawrence followed, limbs twitching with agitation as he muttered pleas for help, stumbling after the men until he was pulled aside by a kindly older gypsy woman. She had led him to a fire, seating him despite his protests, coaxing broth down his throat and fresh clothes onto his back, tossing the stained garments onto a neighboring fire with a grimace, assuring him his lady would be taken care of, and that he need only rest for the time being. Another moan spurred Mileva into action, reaching into a neighboring basin in which soaked water and lavender, along with another cloth which she retrieved, wringing it out and crossing the small space to place it across Gwen's over-warm forehead, after removing the one that came before it, which had dried and fallen to the side on her pillow. The lavender had been used to soothe the young woman, encouraging sleep in place of laudanum or any other drugs that would have been useful had there been a pharmacy nearby. Instead, herbal remedies were employed, more than Mileva had ever thought to use at once, as she fought to preserve Gwen's flickering life. Some were used to ease pain, some fought infection and encouraged healing, and others, like the lavender, were for Gwen's comfort, such as it was. It was difficult to gauge if the treatments were working, although Mileva was encouraged by the fact that less and less of the cloths she used to wipe at Gwen's skin came away tinged with blood. Her tattered clothes had been cut away, and she'd been dressed in a simple thin robe, which left her wounds easily accessible for treatment. Time was working against them, however; Gwen had received no nourishment for at least the three days since she had arrived, and Mileva knew her body was working with drastically-depleted resources to knit itself back together. She would have to awaken soon, or else… The ride back to the gypsy camp was one of the roughest Lawrence had ever experienced, second only to the ride he had made with the grievously-wounded Gwen just days before. Torrential downpours were striking across the countryside as well as in the cities, turning roads treacherous with mud and unstable stones. And yet Lawrence and his companion had pushed on, braving the thunder, lightning, landslides, and other dangers, to reach the Roma as soon as possible. Not a moment was spared to rest, except that which was needed to exchange horses for fresh ones, as they raced towards the moors where they would find Gwen. Her father had been told everything, no facts spared, though Lawrence tried to avoid unneeded details when it came to the aftermaths of his transformations, and the like. The graying man had listened in silence, absorbing all of the information as it came, occasionally sipping from his cup of tea. The only visible reaction was a quiet exclamation of joy when it was revealed Gwen had lived through the beast's attack in Blackmoor, as if her father had always believed her still alive. When Lawrence had finished, he leaned forward, knitting his hands together, resting his elbows on his knees as he swallowed heavily, taking in the younger man's shaking hands and nervously-wandering eyes. \"I believe your story, young Lawrence, much as the bewildered cynic in me balks at the concept.\" His tone was kind, and Lawrence's head snapped up, shocked that the man seemed to have accepted everything so readily. \"I have faith in my daughter, and I know she would not be so embroiled in such a fantastical situation if it were not true. The prospect of her being alive after everything is joyous enough, probably coloring my vision, but that will be the end of it. If she is as injured as you say she is, there is clearly no time to spare, and we've got to keep our heads about us. Have you horses ready?\" Lawrence broke out of his surprised trance to nod. \"I had hoped you would realize the severity of the situation and accompany me back.\" \"Indeed I will. Let me pack a bag of some supplies it sounds as though we shall need, and I will join you downstairs in a moment. Take the back door when you leave, and I instead will bring the horses around. We cannot risk you being recognize, am I correct?\" Lawrence nodded, his eyes downcast again, and Mr. Conliffe rose, with vigor unexpected of his years, and left the room. Lawrence's eyes, roving the room again as he stood, fell upon several issues of the city's newspaper, scattered across a side table. A headline stuck out to him, and his blood chilled as he crossed the room, hoping against hope that the bold, black letters did not say what he thought they did. Sure enough, as he moved the top paper out of the way, the second one in the pile spat a loud message at him: INSPECTOR GRAVELY WOUNDED BY BLACKMOOR BEAST, BACK IN LONDON FOR TREATMENT. \"She is no worse, my son, but no better as well. I fear for her, much.\" Mileva's voice was quiet, and she spared no time to add any mysterious phrasing to her speech, for once. That small detail alone rattled Lawrence more than anything else she could say. \"Her father is here. He should see her first.\" Lawrence's voice was a low murmur, as he stepped aside to allow Gwen's father entrance to Mileva's quarters, alone. He had not seen his daughter in weeks, had been led to believe she was dead , and being faced anew with the prospect of losing her had to be agonizing, although the gentleman had remained remarkably unruffled throughout the whole ordeal. Perhaps he had not entirely believed, until now, with the proof of the beast's might in front of him. He took his medicine bag with him, inspiring some hope that perhaps an additional treatment could be administered to Gwen. Lawrence cast off his heavy trenchcoat, glad that the rain had finally ceased, and a clear sky was overlooking the camp. There was nothing to do but wait, so he tossed the coat upon the grass, soaked with evening dew, and knelt before the fire, staring into the bright flames as if they might tell the future. About an hour later, Mr. Conliffe emerged from the tent, looking weary, but not as grim as expected. He muttered a thanks to the gypsy man who led him to the fire Lawrence was seated at, and settled himself before it as well. \"My daughter appears to be surprisingly well, given that she has survived an attack that probably should have been fatal,\" he said, directing his words to Lawrence but also focusing his gaze on the flames. \"You did well to bring her where you did, Lawrence. And I hope you haven't been blaming yourself for this dreadful occurrence, my boy, as neither I nor my daughter do, I am certain. You've done what you could with horrific odds and luck, and my daughter still breathes. I think that is all anyone could ask for, really. Now we wait. She's been tended to by a woman probably more skilled than any doctor I have ever met, and has two handsome men waiting upon her awakening. It won't be long now.\" The man spoke with assurance, casting a kind, if tired, smile at Lawrence, before rising and asking politely where he might rest for the night. As he was led away, Mileva herself appeared, looking older and more worn than Lawrence had ever seen her. She beckoned to him, leading the way back to her tent, and ushering him inside. \"Talk to her, my son,\" she whispered. \"Call her back as only you can.\" With a quiet swish of skirts and a muted rattling of beads, Mileva disappeared back into the night. Lawrence bowed his head for a moment, before ducking beneath the curtain guarding Gwen, and moving quickly to her side. His heart caught in his throat as he looked at the love of his life, pale and unresponsive, covered in bandages and cloths, looking so very tiny in the cot she'd been placed in. Her mahogany hair, which he had always found so beautiful, lay fanned out on her pillow, a stark contrast to the pale material. Her chest rose and fell with the slightest of movements, her lips paler than he'd ever seen. Swallowing thickly, he knelt at the bedside, carefully grabbing one of the pale hands laying at her sides, and pressing a fervent kiss to the back of it, to the palm, to each finger. Swiping irritably at the tears forming in his eyes, Lawrence cleared his throat, beginning to murmur quietly. \"You've been so strong. Even before. I warned you, everyone warned us, the risk we were taking, tackling the beast and in such isolation…But you knew, somehow you knew it would work, but…At this price, Gwen? I refuse to have paid for my release with you. With your goodness, your faith, your stubborn determination to fight all odds for my damned soul. It can't end like this, and I won't allow it. Did you hear your father? He's here, I brought him for you Gwen…You know what he said to me? He believes that your corset, that damned contraption, is what saved you. The whale boning or some such part of it, protected you fairly well from…the beast's claws, and its tightness helped the bleeding…Anyways, you've got to wake up now, open those beautiful eyes and say you told me so, that you were right all along, because you were…You were right to believe in us, Gwen, that we could beat everything. We may have to go into hiding now, but didn't we agree the gypsy life was appealing?\" A choked laugh passed his lips, mingling with a sob, and he reached his other hand out to stroke back Gwen's hair, to run it along her jaw line. He talked to her for over an hour, telling her stories, begging her to wake up, to get better. At length his voice grew hoarse, and he raised himself from his kneeling position stiffly, bending over Gwen's prostrate form to press a kiss to her chilled lips, maintaining his grip on her hand. As his lips met hers, Lawrence felt something, a subtle, barely-noticeable pressure upon his own fingers. Eyes widening in shock, he leaned back, glancing down at their linked hands. As he watched, Gwen's hand contracted again, eliciting a stronger version of the pressure he had just felt. His shocked gaze shot to her face, and sure enough, Gwen's blue eyes were open. They were squinted and fluttering with the effort of staying open, but her eyes were open and on his. A slight smile slowly curved her lips, and her color was already returning slightly. Lawrence was unsure of what to do; scream with joy, pull her into his arms, run to tell her father? But doing any of that could break the spell, could cause her to lose consciousness again…In the end he was too rooted to the spot with disbelief, and could only kneel beside her again, bringing her hand to his lips again and again as tears of relief clouded his vision. Mr. Conliffe waved goodbye with a wink and smile upon his face, turning his horse south. Several weeks had passed, another full moon as well, since the one under which Lawrence was cured. His business was finished; he had ascertained his daughter was going to be fine, she was in the best of care with the man she loved, and she was where she belonged. Now he had to return to London, look after the apothecary, and await a letter in several weeks, arriving under the disguised sender Emily Hudgens, apprising him of the situation. He knew everything would work out, now. Dozens of gypsies waved back in their own gestures of farewell, several children and dogs following him for nearly the first mile of his journey, yelling and barking happily. At last he was out of sight, and everyone returned to their work. A pale Gwen, bundled in a thick cloak and cradled in Lawrence's arms as they waved farewell, lowered her hand and pressed her face to his neck. \"Thank you for fetching him.\" Lawrence's mouth quirked in a smile, a gesture that was more and more easily obtained these days, to Gwen's delight, and he pressed a lingering kiss to her temple. \"You did all the work, recovering like that. I just had to meet my new father-in-law.\" She laughed lightly, wrapping her arms around his neck as he turned to carry her back to bed. Only a fraction of her strength was back, and they were not risking anything, keeping her bedridden despite her half-hearted protests. Once inside, Lawrence laid Gwen down, layering several quilts over her before reclining next to her himself, keeping her still-frail form caged with his own body. Running a hand through the thick strands of her hair to soothe her back to sleep, he began to recite lines from another Shakespeare play he had performed, one with a much brighter mood than the Hamlet she had met him in the midst of. \"Are you sure That we are awake? It seems to me That yet we sleep, we dream…\" When Gwen's father arrived home, he found several backdated issues of London newspapers littering his stoop. He liked to subscribe to several, as he could usually gauge correct facts by averaging what each said into one complete newstory. As he picked up the messy stack, he scanned the headlines, his expression growing darker with each issue that had printed after the last full moon. SEVERAL DOCKWORKERS FOUND MAULED TO DEATH. \"BEAST\" REPORTED WANDERING ALONG THE THAMES. INSPECTOR ABBERLINE MISSING DURING INVESTIGATION. His hands shook as he rifled through each grim report, and he glanced up at the darkening evening sky, the full moon already visible in its clarity, just as a bloodcurdling howl rent the quiet evening air. Thank you for reading. xoxo Bon ","Summary":" Hi guys! I'm back, with a different fandom and universe to work with. I was very dissatisfied with "},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"Lambeth Asylum","Author":"Reaper-Maniac","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6089835","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello! I guess you could say I'm new on the block, but I'm going to write an account of Lawrence for the month when he is in Lambeth Asylum. I'm keeping it as true to the film as possible and may add some bits in but I don't intend on missing anything out! On saying that, there may be distressing scenes and also graphic violence. It is rated T, if you think it is unsuitable, drop me a line Disclaimer: I don't own the Wolfman or any Wolfman characters! Trust me, would I lie to you? Lawrence blinked. Light was streaming in from the bars, blinding him. Blinking back the rays he tried to look around. He couldn't. He tried to move his head to the left. He couldn't. To the right. Nothing. He suddenly became horribly aware that he could not move his shoulders, arms or legs. He had a throbbing bruise on his forehead and felt a trickle of blood run from his eyebrow to his mouth. Something was wrong He could hear the quiet talk of men, muffled into melody, indistinct above the clopping of horse hooves. Where was he? What was he doing here? He casted his mind back to what had happened... Blood. He was covered in it. He could smell its putrid vapour, taste its metallic savour. His clothes were ripped and torn. Panic set in, what had he done? Leaving the unmerciful look of his father's face, he started towards the Talbot Mannor. It was very painful. Every muscle within him ached and gashes in his legs did nothing to improve this. Horses where coming towards his faster and faster; too fast for him. He blinked blood out of his eyes and before he knew it, he was surrounded by men on horseback. Feeling hazy he spun around, desperate for an escape route, to his dismay there was none. \" On your knees!\" A man yelled. Lawrence fell to the floor on his bruised knees, silently praying for help that he knew would never come. A man got off his horse in front of him holding his shotgun directly in front of his heart. Lawrence remembered thinking please, shoot me. It's not what it looks like. But he seemed to have lost the will to speak. The man before him seemed to stare into his soul. The look of utter loathing on his face was unbearable. He raised the shotgun high and brought in down on Lawrence's jaw. Everything went black. He gasped. All the terrible things he must have done. How many families had he torn apart. How many people had he killed to create that much blood? \"Hello?\" He called out. The murmur of voices ceased at once, listening. \"Hello?\" he asked again. \"Can you hear me?\" He tried move and realised again that he was completely tied down in a straight jacket in the back of a carriage. Where was the carriage going? He had a suspicion but all it did was fill him with utter dread. \"Let me out!\" he cried \"Please, let me out! PLEASE!\" He tried to move his head to look around the carriage but the strains meant he couldn't move at all. All he could do was to look up at the ceiling of the carriage and the small window fitted with bars, where sunlight drifted through. A door creaked open and footsteps approached his head. A figure loomed over him. The man had a receding hair line and cold fishy eyes. He smiled, a toothless sadistically grin as he gazed into Lawrence's scared eyes. \"Sleep tight little Lawrence, we'll be in London soon\" \"No...\" Lawrence said weakly \"NO! NO! NO! N-\" Too late, the man had pulled out a syringe and with a quick flick injected it into his neck. \"No...\" said Lawrence weakly as he felt frail and limp. He willed his eyes to remain open but try as he might they were closing, darkness descended and Lawrence fell into an unwanted sleep; plagued with nightmarish screaming and a howl at the full moon... What do you think? Short, but it is just an intro after all. Probably not as good as the film but I try my best. Any spelling mistakes I will correct. Reviews most welcome! Until next chapter...[Chapter 2] Hello again, I'm back again aren't I? It's strange but the words just pour onto the key board. This is the next instalment of my story. Hope you enjoy! Thanks to my reviews so far MoonliteShadow24 and werewolves are very real, they inspired me to post this chapter and keep writing this story, thank you, very much! Disclaimer: I still don't own any right to the film or any characters which I use in the story. Terrible things, Lawrence. You've done terrible things. He could see the cunning smile on his father's face and saw it turn into a hairy wolf, which howled and lunged... Lawrence found himself barely awake on a wet uncomfortable chair. Again, he couldn't move, powerful restraints held him in place, tight across his legs, arms, stomach and head. From his throbbing head down to his trapped feet, he felt horribly hopeless. \"Where is my father?\" He croaked to the silence of the room. He knew where he was but refused to open his eyes. The room he knew he was in he had uncounted too many times in the past. The place which haunted his nightmares and the place he was still too uncomfortable to talk about. \"Where is my father?\" He said again. Silence was the only answer. A door opened in the room, yet Lawrence still did not open his eyes; one was too swollen and bruised to move. \"I am sorry to see you back here again with us, Lawrence.\" Lawrence knew who was speaking. The man who struck fear into his childhood was speaking again, in the same condescending, calm voice he had heard so often. \"You disappoint me. But we have made enormous strides in the treatment of delusions such as yours.\" \"Where is my father?\" He asked weakly, willing a reply. There suddenly came the tell tale clank of the gears and the sudden movement of his chair. It was tipping backwards, churning his stomach. Abruptly, ice cold water touched his skin, pouring at him from all sides, rapidly creeping up his body at an alarming rate. Unintentionally he opened his mouth to scream from the pain and cold, when water gushed into his mouth, filling his lungs with the icy substance. He was completely under now. The pain was unbearable. It felt like knifes were stabbing at his body, yet being chained down meant he could do nothing to stop them. He couldn't breath surely he would die here in this icy grave. He couldn't see, he was blind. Fear was flooding him and the pain was intolerable. This is hell...this is hell... CLANK-CLANK-CLANK-CLANK Came the gears. The movement of the chair pulled him from his doom into the air, which felt almost as cold as the water he had just left. He screamed to relieve himself of the pain. Ice blocks still on him, he tried to move them off him but he could hardly move an inch. His clothes were drenched and sopping; retaining much of the freezing water he had just left. The chair clunked into the upright position again. His eyes wide, fighting through the bruise on his once handsome face. \"Bracing, is it guv'nar?\" Said the guard nastily, next the gears. A man with another syringe walked up to Lawrence. He wanted to push him away or recoil but his restraints would not let him. The pain of the injection seared his body. Coursing through his veins into his very soul. Lawrence was too weak to cry out or complain. He just exhaled and spat out some more water, still breathing deeply trying to regain much of the lost air from his lungs. He stared at the doctor, for his smiling face didn't fool him. He could see the malice behind the man's eyes and knew if anyone was the monster here, it would be him. All he wanted was for his father there. He was to blame for everything. Everything. \"Where is my father?\" \"Where's my father?\" he said again more insistent. \"Where is my father!\" He cried out loud, feeling more panicky. CLANK-CLANK-CLANK-CLANK The gears cranked back into action again and the chair moved back to the water. Lawrence felt the pulling in his gut and spat out some more water from his lungs. He felt the Ice water again, surely even colder than before. He opened his mouth and screamed a dreadful screech, as the water evaded his mouth once more. It was torture. Each plunge lasted longer than the next and each were frequently punctuated with painful injections. Lawrence became unaware of how much time had passed. It seemed to drag on, endlessly, infinite. This day would surely never come to an end, he thought miserably. Lawrence tried to explain to them, tried to make them see reason. It wasn't him; he wasn't the one that killed all those people. Unfortunately deep down, Lawrence knew the truth. What had he become? A beastly creature. One from the depths of hell. A monster with no mercy or regret. His father? \"Where is my father!\" CLANK-CLANK-CLANK-CLANK Lawrence screamed as the air hit his face and the chair up righted itself. He spat out the water still in his mouth and shivered terribly. Doctor Hoenneger walked slowly up to him considering him with behind his round glasses. \"There is no such thing as werewolves. You know this Mr Talbot. You do not become a monster at the full moon, you already are a monster.\" \"Where is my father\" He persisted \"Tell me where he is!\" He cried, still gasping for breath, his teeth chattering. Doctor Hoenneger sighed, as if he was surprised that the treatment was not working. \"One more time\" He said to the guard next to the gears, who chucked throatily. CLANK-CLANK-CLANK-CLANK \"NO!\" he yelled \"NO!\" Icy water once more. He was fighting now to stay alive. The constant dipping was sapping all his strength, it was taking all his will power to stay awake and not succumb to the waters depths. CLANK-CLANK-CLANK-CLANK Rising up to gasp the air, to cling onto to it with all his might. Night had almost fallen; light was fading fast from the room, leaving darkness in its wake. The doctor faced him, smiling. \"You not a werewolf are you, Mr Talbot? There are no such things, are there?\" \"Where...is my...father\" He breathed. Lawrence felt whatever strength and fight he had left in him leave him as he slumped in his seated prison, unconscious. He was dimly aware of them loosening his chains, yet he was too weak to move. He felt someone's hands grasp his shoulders and pull him onto a cart to carry him away from the water room. He was pushed on the cart, through many doors. He could hear more screaming now, the shrieks of the asylums \"patients\". Still barely conscious he was pushed into a dark room. Someone shoved him gruffly onto a hard bed and heard heavy breathing then someone fumbling with his wrists, shackling something onto it, then to his neck. The door slammed and Lawrence was left alone with his thoughts. His body numb from the cold he tried to move himself more comfortable, but found it impossible with the chains that bore him to his room. It was dark now, as he lay there breathing deeply, willing sleep to roll over him, but dreading its consequences. He could hear distant screaming and yelling. He could hear an eerie song, like a children's rhyme he had heard long ago. Long ago, when the only thing that mattered was for his return for supper in the evening. He began to hum the solemn tune rocking himself backwards and forwards, feeling less human then he had ever felt in his life, shivering incessantly. Maybe it all was in his head. Maybe he was the raving lunatic everyone told him. Lawrence Talbot, the murderer. This savage human that will kill at will... No. It was real. He could see his fingers twist, feel his neck snap and joints crack. Feel his shoes rip as feet, that didn't belong to him, bulge and grow. How blood, would pour from his lips as sharp fangs pierced his mouth, robbing him of his human teeth and filling it with the monsters snapping jaws. He could feel how the beast would rear us inside him, howling to the moon begging for blood... He shuddered and lay on his back, uncomfortably aware of his tight chain. A long time later, Lawrence fell asleep, ignoring the cries of the prisoners, wondering if he would one day become one himself once more. What do you think? It still quite short, but it seemed a good place to end. Next chapter is much longer. Please comment if you can. He hasn't gone loco yet, but watch this space! I speed typed this so please, notify me of any spelling error that may have occurred. Thanks[Chapter 3] Hello, this is chapter two on its way for you! Sorry it's been a while, I've just had lots of exams. I'm trying to get across the horrors of the Asylum and the creepiness of the place. In this chapter we start to see Lawrence lose it a bit, not much though. I'm it building up; you'll just have to wait for a few more chapters. I did some research on Asylums in that period and I am keeping to my information as well as the film. Did you know that Lambeth Asylum was a real place? I didn't. Disclaimer: I don't own anything to do with the Wolfman, trust me I would be constantly bragging about it if I did! Lawrence woke early. It was beginning to get light and he could see his cell properly for the first time. It was a large room, musty and with a foul smell of mould, blood and dirt. Paint that once plastered the walls had been peeled off, leaving the cold wall exposed. Heavy chains like the one Lawrence was wearing where separated throughout the room at regular intervals. The room looked like something out of a nightmare, thought Lawrence. Crimson blood stains spattered the floor and on the walls were fingers marks, straining to be in the outside world again. A small window was the only source of light in the room. It was placed to high up for Lawrence to reach had had bars across, severing the light into fragments. All seemed quiet and still. A faint dripping came from somewhere nearby. Then, quite suddenly, a dreadful noise pierced Lawrence's ears. It was someone in the room next door, scrapping their nails down the thin wall which divided the rooms. The horrific noise made Lawrence's hair stand on end. It persisted. The scrapping, clawing sound as the nails dragged across the wall. Lawrence put his hands over his ears to stop the noise. \"Stop...\" he croaked miserably. The noise continued. It grew, faster and faster and thumping against the wall. \"Stop it!\" Lawrence moaned, rocking to and fro. The noise ceased and Lawrence took his hands from his ears. He put his head to the door to listen in. Why had it suddenly stopped? A high pitched giggle came from the room. Lawrence's stomach turned to ice. It sounded like a young woman, possibly in her early twenties. \"Hello?\" He called uncertainty, through the wall. The woman laughed again, a long shriek of laughter burst forth, sounding, not happy, but sinister. \"Can you hear me?\" Lawrence asked. Suddenly, a voice came from the other side of the wall, loud and clear as if the person speaking was next to him. Yet it wasn't a speech, it was a song. \"Double, double toil and trouble; Fire burn, and cauldron bubble. Fillet of a fenny snake, In the cauldron boil and bake; Eye of newt and toe of frog, Wool of bat and tongue of dog, Adder's fork and blind-worm's sting, Lizard's leg and owlet's wing, For a charm of powerful trouble, Like a hell-broth boil and bubble.\" There then came a dreadful cackle, Lawrence sprang away from the wall onto the floor; desperate to get away from the terrifying woman. The Witches, Macbeth, he noted, Act one, scene four. He knew this as he himself was Macbeth and was in this very scene. He found it strange that the person next door seemed to know all the words like him... Lawrence remembered that part of Macbeth well, and wished more than ever that he was back in his theatre company now, where he was Hamlet, famously murdering his uncle for his father's revenge. How he hoped he could one day do the same for his father. The woman continued to chant scratching the walls again. The noise penetrating his very heart, making his skin crawl like chalk down a black bored. \"Scale of dragon, tooth of wolf, Witches' mummy, maw and gulf Of the ravin'd salt-sea shark, Root of hemlock digg'd i' the dark,\" He tried to ignore the renewed chanting, blocking it with his hands clasped over his ears. The noise, however, was just as clear, filling his head with the monotone song. Lawrence was never aware that the woman he heard had never spoken, that all she did was tap and scratch. There was never a voice. There was no Shakespeare being recited, it was all it was all in his head. \"By the pricking of my thumbs\" Lawrence thought he heard, clearly through his hands. \"Something wicked this way comes.\" Suddenly, the grinding of the bolt on the door brought him to his senses. He looked up from the floor where he sat, cradling his knees to him. The woman had stopped yet the tapping and scratching continued as it is had never stopped. The bolt shifted suddenly and the heavy door opened suddenly. Lawrence scrambled to sit on the bed and watched as the door opened fully. There stood a man with a large ginger handlebar moustache. He had little or possibly no hair on his head. He stepped into the room, Lawrence watched cautiously. The man looked down at the bed. The way he looked at Lawrence unnerved him, like he was something foul he had found on his shoe. He was carrying a gray bowl in his left hand. \"You.\" He ordered. Lawrence didn't move. \"I want you to sit and stay where you are.\" He said slowly. \"If you move, then I will bring others to restrain you. Got it?\" The man spoke very threateningly and Lawrence didn't move, not wanting to get on this guys wrong side. The man smiled and placed the bowl on the end of his bed then left, slamming the heavy door behind him. Lawrence heard the grinding of the bolt on the other side of the door, then fading footsteps. The Lawrence moved forward to pick up the bowl. It was full of a thick, sludgy substance. It smelt quite revolting and almost made him gag. Lawrence moved the bowl left and right, trying to decide what it was. He thought it looked like gruel, but something yellow and large was floating near the top. Lawrence forgot how hungry he was, not having eaten since he was at Blackmoor. He suddenly realised that he had not been given anything to eat it with. No spoon, no fork, nothing. He dipped his finger into the cold gruel and stirred it. Pinching his noise with one hand he tipped the contents of the bowl down his throat ignoring the foul taste or the lumpy morsels. After he finished, he had the dreadful taste in his mouth. Ignoring it he lay back down on his hard bed, imagining what horrors he would have in store for him today. That was, Lawrence concluded, the worse part of his day. Having to sit on his uncomfortable bed, chained down and restless. He had no idea about what was going to happen to him. It was lunchtime approximately, judging by the sun in the sky, when there was a knock on the door and the shift of the bolt and it was heaved aside. Lawrence looked up. He had been gazing gloomily down at his feet waiting for this moment to arrive. He stared avidly at the door as it was pushed open. A man with a small beard entered, keeping his distance from Lawrence. His dark hair was gelled so thickly it gleamed in the musty light. He knelt down close to the bed, but far away if Lawrence was to lunge at him. He spoke in a calm voice directly to his face. \"Hello. My name is Doctor Pichard. I am here to help the patients find peace, and also decide on the severity of the condition of the patient.\" \"You're not a Doctor.\" Lawrence said averting his eyes away from the Doctors face. \"None of you are. You're evil. I've heard the screams of your patients.\" Lawrence spat the words with such conviction and anger, it surprised the doctor. \"No, no. You misunderstand me. I am here to help you, we all are. Consider this Master Talbot. You would not be in here if you didn't need my help.\" \"No one can help me now\" Lawrence said, still not looking at the Doctor. His mind far away, back at Talbot hall. \"Ah yes.\" The Doctor sighed. \"I heard rumours of your condition, I was unaware it troubled you this much.\" Lawrence didn't say anything. There was a long pause. The Doctor spoke again, scratching his bearded chin thoughtfully. \"I wonder, as you can clearly communicate well, better than many other of the patients, I wonder if you can do me a favour. Will you have a discussion with me, purely for medical research? It would be interesting for me to get a further view on intense human delusions like yours, for example.\" Lawrence turned slowly to Doctor Pichard. \"You have no idea about so called delusions.\" He said quietly. Staring with his sunken eyes into the Doctor's healthy ones. \"Well\" Said the Doctor, cheerfully. \"Please, let me take this opportunity to help you, to discover where these delusions came from. Talking to me will help you overcome this illness and return to your normal life.\" The Doctor moved closer to Lawrence, eager to get what he wanted. \"Between you and me, Lawrence.\" He said in a lower voice, you are the only one here that I believe can recover properly. Let me talk to you and we can sort this out. You clearly have a troubled mind and I intend to rectify this. Tell me everything, I'll help you.\" Whether it was the enthusiastic look in his eyes or whether it was the desperation for someone to understand what he was going through. Lawrence nodded. A broad grin spread across the Doctors face. He stood up suddenly at turned away from Lawrence as if he was now unimportant. \"I told you he would comply.\" He called to the door as he marched towards it. \"You should be thanking me, George. With this patients help, we may be able to finish your book on hallucinations. Now, we have a great specimen for your experiment.\" He knocked twice on the door and the bolt shunted across, he pulled it open and looked back at Lawrence sitting on his bed, having not moved at all. \"I'll see you later today for our interview, Talbot\" He nodded curtly then left the room muttering to himself as he departed. \"Demented freak.\" He said, as he departed. The door slammed and Lawrence was once again alone. Lawrence sighed deeply. Anxiety clouded his mind. What had he just done in saying he would talk. They will surly they will think him crazy. Lawrence lay back, pulling his shackled hands to his head and running his fingers through his once kept hair. He was already in the dog house, he thought, and it couldn't hurt to talk about it. Maybe they would understand. Time moved much faster as the afternoon approached. Lawrence, found himself sitting on his bed, listening to the other prisoners moan again. Finally, there came the grinding of the bolt and two burly men entered. Lawrence didn't move, there was something threatening about the way the two stood which made him cautious. \"Is this the one?\" The larger of the two asked the other, speaking in a thick cockney accent. \"Yes.\" Grunted the second. The first one peered at Lawrence, like he was an animal at the zoo then blinked stupidly at the other. \"But he looks so small?\" The smaller one sighed exasperatedly. \"Don't under estimate them, remember what happened to Henry, nearly bit his ear off!\" The other grunted in reply. The two converged on Lawrence, one holding his hands down by his side, clamping them tightly down. The other undid the neck brace and fixed another one. \"Stand.\" Commanded the one by his neck. Lawrence obliged. \"Walk.\" One said, and so he did. One in front, then Lawrence and the other holding up the rear holding the chain which was fixed around Lawrence's neck. He didn't struggle. They walked him along corridors until they found a spare room. On entering they found two chairs facing each other over a plain wooden table. There were straps fixed to one of the chairs. One of the men shoved him roughly in the back and Lawrence took a hesitant step towards the chair. He sat on it and watched the two men bind his wrists to the chair. Laughing, they departed, leaving him alone in his chair. The door opened and Doctor Pichard stepped inside, nodded to Lawrence and sat across from him with a pen, ink and parchment. \"Thank you for agreeing to this Lawrence, most of the other patients here are unresponsive and would never agree to talk.\" Lawrence nodded politely then looked down at his wrists. \"Are these really necessary?\" He asked, gesturing to the straps. Doctor Pichard's smile faltered. \"You never know Master Talbot. We are in a mental asylum and you, yourself are a patient. Understand that certain precautions must be taken.\" \"Now.\" The Doctor said picking up his pen and dipping in into the ink pot next to him. \"Please tell me everything.\" Lawrence paused, not knowing where to begin. At the beginning , he thought. He started to talk. He told the doctor about what Lycanthropy is, how when he was bitten, he turned into the beast and mutilated many villagers. He explained how he couldn't control the fact he transformed and what he did when he was under the power of the moon. Doctor Pichard did not interrupt him but wrote continually while he spoke. \"However, you have to understand.\" Lawrence continued, leaning forward. \"Is that my father is the same, he also has the curse, I think. Well, I don't know for sure, but see, he has this room...\" \"Mr Talbot\" Doctor Pichard held his hand up to silence him. Lawrence stopped his flow. There was a pause then Doctor Pichard laughed. A long cold laugh that cut though Lawrence's soul, piercing his insides. \"Werewolves!\" He sniggered, trying to regain control. \"That's a good one. I have heard many interesting ones in my time Mr Talbot but this is quite out of this world.\" He continued to laugh. He got up and advanced to the door, knocking twice on its surface. \"Arthur,\" he called. \"Come and read this.\" The door opened and a tall man with a top hat entered with a monocle. He sat down in the seat the doctor had just vacated. He pushed his monocle further in and began to read what the doctor had just written. A broad grin spread across his face. \"This is perfect. A delusion of this nature is fascinating. How did you find him?\" He enquired to the Doctor, who shrugged. \"With this intriguing mental delusion we can try to break it down, finding the best method. I wonder how long it would take?\" said the man with the monocle watched Lawrence glare sinisterly at him. Lawrence felt hollow. He was so sure, they would believe him. They will , he thought defiantly. They will . \"I'm not having a delusion. You have no idea of what I have gone through. I'm not mad either!\" He said, ending his sentence on a shout. \"Lawrence,\" sighed the Doctor. \"We know what you have gone through.\" He glanced down at the paper \"Your mother's horrific mutilation, your fathers neglect and your brother's recent death.\" \"It's not that.\" Lawrence whispered. The tall man with the top hat, Arthur, turned to Doctor Pichard. \"Well, thank you for this. Now with your help, I think we can really test the extent of delusions. What treatment do you suggest first?\" \"I'M NOT MAD!\" Lawrence yelled. Underneath the anger, something began to bubble; something not human which growled and howled. Lawrence couldn't control what happened next even if he tried. Without warning, without meaning to, the straps that held him down, broke suddenly. Lawrence lunged forward. He didn't know what he was doing, didn't think about what he must look like and how this didn't help his chances of escaping this place. All he wanted was to hurt the Doctor and Arthur as much as possible. He dived over the table towards the men, who yelled in surprise and jumped aside. \"HELP!\" The Doctor screeched as he tried to get to his feet. \"Assistance in room eleven!\" Lawrence pounced on top of the doctor, using his still handcuffed hand to punch every inch of him he could. The Doctor yelled but he couldn't move, he was pinned down by Lawrence, who was on top of him. Lawrence's chained hands found the Doctor's throat... A door banged open and Lawrence felt two strong people grab his shoulders and pull him off the Doctor on to his back. He thrashed about wildly but was held down tightly by the men to the floor. Without warning, a searing pain in his neck made him scream. The injection was so painful, it made a tear of anguish escape, trickling from the corner of his eye. Light seemed to be fading from his vision, everything was fuzzy and fading darkness was ascending. No , he would fight; he wouldn't be overcome by the sedative. He was losing the battle to stay conscious and he knew it. \"Keep him under control; he is more violent than I thought.\" Lawrence hears someone above him say. Lawrence exhaled deeply then remembered nothing more as the blackness swallowed him, drowning him in its dark abyss. Don't you hate that Doctor! I really hate him! I hope you enjoyed it. Any mistakes please drop me a note. Next chapter will be much shorter but that's because I'm thinking about putting it in someone else's point of view. Thanks to all my comments so far, you make my writing worth it! Please be one of them and review my chapter, much appreciated.[Chapter 4] Sorry, I haven't updated in a bit I had some stuff to take care of, so here's the next chapter as a present. I hope you like it and I apologise for how this chapter will be much shorter than the others. Thanks to Werewolves Are Real, my most frequent reviewer. It is in the view point of Thomas Harding, a man who works in Lambeth Asylum as a doctor. Disclaimer: I don't own The Wolfman or any characters, except maybe Thomas Harding. It was another bleak, overcast day in London and Thomas was running unusually late. He had over slept and had missed seeing his children off to school. He got changed into his black jacket and tie and preceded downstairs in a hurry. A bowl of porridge was waiting ready for him on the table. He gulped down his luke-warm porridge with great haste while reading the morning herald. Amelia, his wife, entered the kitchen, pecked him on one cheek and took his finished bowl away from him, bringing it to the sink to be washed. \"Sleep well, dear?\" She asked, turning on the tap to wash up. \"Like a log\" Thomas admitted, folding up the paper \"I've been sleeping rough for the past week. It has been good to finally get a good night sleep.\" \"I didn't\" Said Amelia scrubbing the bowl \"You keep talking in your sleep.\" \"Sorry darling\" Thomas said as he got up from the table, folding up the paper with a sigh. He glanced casually at his gold pocket watch in his top pocket. No way ! He thought, could that really be the time! \"I've got to go.\" He said hurriedly, kissing the top of Amelia's head. He rushed to the hall and pulled on his coat, which was waiting for him on its hook. He unhooked the latch, turned the key and opened the door into the cool morning light. Wind whipped his coat around him as he walked briskly to his destination. Ten minutes later, he stepped inside the hard iron gates the proclaimed \"Lambeth Asylum \" on the outside. It was a place, thought Thomas, where everyone avoided. Even the walkers on the pavement would cross the road to keep their distance from the place. It was a dull, dark brick building, like many others in London. However, there was something deeply disturbing about the place. Maybe it was the little light that penetrated its core through the barred windows. Perhaps it was the screams that could be heard on a calm morning. More likely, it was the ominous feel about the place, as if terrible things had occurred within its walls that no one wanted to discuss. That was a strange feature about the employees of Lambeth Asylum. They knew that the patients were treated unfairly, that they were verging on being cruel not kind. Many terrible experiments had been done on the inmates, dangerous, illegal things that were done \" For the good of the future of science.\" Thomas shivered, he tried to push the thought aside. He stepped closer to the main entrance and took out his large brass key and inserted it. Pushing the door open, he stepped into the dimly lit room. He signed the piece of paper on the side saying he was on duty and walked to the changing rooms to change into his medical clothes. \"Late are we?\" Said a calm, quiet voice. Thomas nearly jumped out of his skin. He spun around, a little frightened. A figured loomed form the shadows. A man wearing round glasses and a blood stained apron was smiling sinisterly at him. If he hadn't been his boss, he would have avoided this man at all costs. He always wore the same smirk, to his colleges and to the patients, like a tiger smiling at his prey. Thomas went into the medical career to help people overcome their problems. Dr Hoenneger went into the medical career for very different reasons. He liked to experiment with the usual treatment, thought Thomas, bitterly. \"Hello, Sir.\" He said, coldly. \"I hope you are not going to make a habit of being late, Mr Harding?\" \"No, Sir.\" Said Thomas, flatly. The Doctor's smile widened. \"Good. Now, get changed quickly, I want to show you something exciting that has recently come up.\" Thomas nodded and proceeded to the changing rooms. He knew that whatever had \" Just come up \" probably wasn't anything good. He opened his locker and pulled out his clothes. He got changed faster than usual and went back to meet up with Dr Hoenneger. The Doctor was waiting for him in the Staff Room reading a file and smiling. Thomas sat across from him, in the chair opposite. The Doctor put the file down on the table and pushed it towards him. \"A new patient, only just arrived this weekend.\" \"What's the condition?\" Asked Thomas, picking up the file. \"You know, Charles in room eleven?\" The Doctor asked smiling. \"Yes. Is that the one that thinks he is a bat and bit Henry's ear of a few weeks back?\" \"That's the one\" \"Please tell me this isn't another bitter!\" Said Thomas glumly. \"No, this one is the most interesting case we have had so far. He has these crazy delusions, even worse than room eleven. You know, yesterday, he attacked Dr Pichard, normally patients respond so well to him.\" \"May I?\" Asked Thomas, tapping the file on the desk. Doctor Hoenneger nodded and Thomas picked up the file and began to read. Lambeth Asylum Patient file. Name : Lawrence Talbot Sex : Male Age : Early 30's Date of Birth : 7 th November Condition : Severe mental delusions of Lycanthropy, becoming a werewolf at the full moon Violence level : Extremely High, attacked doctors spontaneously. Will attack again, highly dangerous, has killed before (see history) Keep medicated or restrained AT ALL TIMES. History: Possibly ill at birth, watched his mother's suicide, mentally ill mind thought it was his father that killed her. Left home to America at a young age after having spent one year in Lambeth Asylum. His brothers' brutal murder, probably by him we can conclude. Has killed freely at Blackmoor, Yorkshire, at every full moon; believing he is under \"a curse\" \"Is this...for real?\" Asked Thomas, putting down the file. \"Yes\" Replied the Doctor, \"I knew him when he was in here the first time. You were not working here at that time.\" \"Interesting...\" Thomas mused, flicking back through the file which described in detail all the medication he is taking and previously took. \"Is it possible?\" Thomas asked looking up. \"For me to see him? I didn't think it would be possible for people to have delusions of this savage nature.\" \"He is in room nine. Unfortunately, some guards will have accompany you, just for security reasons. We don't want to lose one of our best doctors to a mad man, do we\" He said, smiling as if he could wish for nothing better to happen. \"Of course.\" He got up, picking up the file and leaving the room, glad to be rid of the Doctor at last. He was met by Robert and Frank, two guards at the Asylum at the door. \"Wanting to see room nine?\" Frank asked in this thick cockney accent \"Yes please.\" Said Thomas \"You sure?\" Robert said, raising one thick black eyebrow. \"Yes, I want to talk to him. Is that such a problem?\" \"Lawrence, in room nine, hasn't spoken at all to anyone since he attacked Dr Pichard, he has just mumbling to himself, not keeping any eye contact. Completely crazy.\" \"I see. Can you take me there please?\" The two nodded simultaneously and walked towards the corridor where the patients room where. They passed the same solid doors until they reached door number nine. Frank pulled a heavy ring of large metal keys from his belt and inserted one into the door. He then pushed open the bolt which made a horrible grinding noise. The door opened and a horrible smell filled their noses. Thomas stepped forward. The room was poorly lit, the only source of light was a tiny window on the corner of the room. At first glance the room appeared to be empty. Thomas took another step into the room and saw a small figure huddled on the bed; staring with wide eyes at the wall. The figure on the bed was lightly scratching the wall with his nails, muttering softly. Thomas glanced at Frank and Robert, both where standing in the door, unwilling to go closer because of the smell. Thomas moved closer to the bed, Lawrence didn't move but continued to stare at the old, stone wall. Thomas noticed he was muttering to himself, words he couldn't hear or understand. It was a shame , thought Thomas. The man on the bed was probably handsome once. His eyes now, had dark circles beneath them and he had a purple bruise swelling on his left cheek. Thomas moved a hand infront of Lawrence's face. He didn't blink but continued to stare entranced at the wall, muttering something that rhymed. Thomas looked more closely at Lawrence and saw he was in soiled clothes, which explained where the putrid smell was coming from. Looking under the hard, steel bed, Thomas saw there was no chamber pot. Fuming, he stood up and faced the door, where the two men still stood holding their noses. \"What is going on here?\" He asked his voice full of cold fury. \"What are you talking about?\" Answered Frank. \"I'll tell you what I'm talking about. This man is in soiled clothes, he does not have a chamber pot to relieve himself in, he hasn't washed in a long time, he clearly hasn't eaten he is so malnourished and what in God's name have you given him to act like this!\" He said, gesturing to the bed where the destroyed man lay. Frank's jaw clenched in rage. \"I'll have you know, he is in soiled clothes as no one dared touch him or wash him, we gave him food which he hasn't eaten and we gave him medication that would control him.\" \"Get him out of his clothes and change them, wash him and make him eat.\" \"But...\" Robert began. \"Are you questioning me? You will do as I say.\" He commanded. Thomas looked pitifully down at Lawrence and moved to leave the room. Suddenly, someone grabbed his wrist from behind. Lawrence was staring at him, with wide, unseeing eyes. He looked even worse up close, dirty with a horrid sallow complexion. His long, spindly fingers groped Thomas' wrists. Lawrence could not move much further form the bed because of his chains, but he was holding on as if his life depended on it. \"Please...\" Croaked Lawrence, his voice dry and cracked. His eyes staring unblinkingly at Thomas. \"Please...I need to get...need to get...back to...Talbot Hall. I...my father...you...\" Lawrence trailed off slowly and let go of Thomas's wrist who stared at him in surprise. Lawrence stared into the empty space of the room. \"Gwen...\" He said. He was staring straight ahead as if seeing something they could not. He suddenly got to his feet making them all start. He moved, unsteadily forward as far as he could go without his chain being uncomfortable around his neck. He reached forwards with his chained wrists, groping towards someone they could not see. \"It's so good to see you again.\" Spoke Lawrence, his eyes full of emotion. Lawrence was speaking clearly and loudly. \"Gwen, you believe me don't you, I know you do, don't you, you must...Gwen...\" Thomas stepped infront of Lawrence, who was still staring longingly ahead, muttering the same word under his breath. He gently pushed Lawrence back onto his bed and lay him down. \"Gwen, Gwen, Gwen...\" Whispered Lawrence. Thomas stepped away. \"I see why you keep him on medication now.\" He said slowly. \"Keep an eye on him. It is strange, he acts in ways I haven't seen before.\" Thomas backed out of the room. \"Continue the treatment\" Said Dr Hoenneger appearing from the shadows. \"Dr Hoenneger, are you sure? Lawrence seems really ill, he may need more emotional care then physical.\" \"The patient in room nine is responding well to the treatment.\" \"No, Sir, he is talking to himself and having...\" \"Thomas,\" said Dr Hoenneger, in the same patronising voice. \"You work in an Asylum, people here are crazy and do talk to themselves, if you haven't been aware of that fact, then maybe this place is not for you.\" \"I know where I work, Sir.\" Said Thomas, saying sir with as much comtempt as possible. \"I don't think you do. They need our help and mistreating them...\" \"Excuse me,\" Dr Hoenneger interrupted. \"You forget your place Doctor. I help my patients, I do what is necessary for them to recover.\" \"Torture is not necessary!\" \"Get out of my sight.\" Spat Doctor Hoenneger. \"I don't want to see you anywhere near here ever again, do I make my help clear?\" Thomas pulled off his gloves and threw them at the guards. He turned and walked to the exit of the Asylum and never looked back, leaving Lawrence with no hope, leaving him alone without compassionate care, leaving him in the hands of the unmerciful Doctor ... That's it for chapter four, I hope you liked it. I enjoyed writing as Thomas Harding, it was really fun and easy! If you have spotted any mistakes let me know. Please review and let me know what you are thinking of the story so far Until my next chapter then...[Chapter 5] This is chapter five, coming your way. I'm surprised I'm keeping with this story, normally I give up at chapter one! Back to Lawrence's point of view, we see clips of his madness joined together to make more sense in the long run. Thanks to my reviews, they mean a lot to me. Disclaimer: I don't own the Wolfman or any characters from the film. Blackness, Lawrence's eyes were tight shut. He wasn't going to open his eyes for anything. He was dreading where he was and part of him didn't want to know. Earlier, he felt someone drag him from his bed and march him to this room where he was currently strapped down to a tilted table. He was lying there for a few minutes when he thought he felt something on his legs. Lawrence stiffened worried about what it was. Whatever the \"Thing\" was it was moving steadily up his legs to his waist. Lawrence felt that the creature was small, bony and had long, strong fingers. It was past his waist now, moving closer to his face. Lawrence heard it was growl and Lawrence's eyes snapped open. The creature had very little hair with evil sunken eyes. He was small boy who had large, sharp, pointed teeth, behind which he growled like an animal. He considered Lawrence for a fraction of a second then lunged forward to his neck. Pain seared Lawrence's body as the syringe full of medication pierced his neck. The small boy vanished as quickly as he had appeared. A Doctor loomed into view above him, a clip board in his hands. \"Kill...\" Lawrence breathed. The doctor paused in his writing and looked intently at Lawrence. Lawrence recognised him as Doctor Pichard. \"Kill who? You?\" \"Yes...and no...\" Lawrence said, struggling to talk, still trying to control the pain of the medication, pulsing through his veins. \"You will kill me, but you should kill my father. If you don't kill my father he will kill again and again.\" The Doctor moved away, looking disappointed. He pushed what felt like a cork block in his mouth, forcing Lawrence to stop speaking. Lawrence kept saying it through the gag. The Doctor moved to the side, out of Lawrence's vision. Suddenly, the snap of a lever was heard as someone yanked it down. Blinding, sickening pain shook his body. It wasn't just an electric current; it was the horror it brought. Every muscle in his body was screaming, his very bone yelling in torment. He couldn't control his body as it shook violently beneath him. His teeth bit down on the cork block automatically, as if it was a way to relieve the pain. Pictures flashed behind his eye lids. He was seven, playing in the beautiful gardens of Talbot Hall with his brother. They were playing a game, chasing each other, not a care in the world... He was with his aunt in America, being laughed at by the teenagers there because of his English accent... He was auditioning to be in a theatre group. He was so nervous the paper shook as he clung onto it, reading his lines... He was performing on a stage as Hamlet, holding the skull before him. \"Please Horatio, tell me one thing. Do you think Alexander looked this way to the earth? And smelt so...and smelt so...\" It was a while before Lawrence came round. He was back in his cell; the electric shock therapy must have ended hours ago. It seemed so real, he thought as he lay back onto his bed, almost glad to be resting on the uncomfortable steel. He could see the theatre as clearly as though he was standing right there on the stage. He was holding the skull before him again, the audience watching his every move. \"Alas, poor Yorick\" He looked down at the skull. But it wasn't a skull anymore, it was a villagers head, ripped completely off the neck. Cherry blood was still dripping from where the neck was no longer attached. His hair was dirt and blood spattered, his skin pale as smoke his eyes unseeing. He opened his blue lips and his brother's voice came out of the grown man's mouth. \"Lawrence.\" He whispered urgently. \"Wake up, I think I heard something.\" He was back in his childhood bedroom, the two beds apart from each other with a large window separating them, revealing the dark sky outside. His brother had woken and was speaking to him, his voice scared and insistent. He looked over to Lawrence's bed on the right, but it wasn't Lawrence that slept there. A hideous creature, resembling a child but no child could ever look like that. With little hair and extremely strong, the creature leered forward, baring its horrible pointed fangs, growling like a beast. Time began to pass, so slowly it a peered not to move and the drugs seemed to slow everything down to a grindind halt. Each torture seemed longer then the last and each night dragged on for days. The only thing that still seemed to move forwards was the moon. Every night, Lawrence would look out of the window and see the shinning orb pass lazily across the midnight sky, awaiting its chance to be full once more. It was taunting him. Just like the many things in his life. Francis Aberline appeared before him, swimming into focus in his mind's eye. His superior smirk was back in place. He looked over at Lawrence, judging him as unworthy. \"I hope this doesn't impede your return to the stage.\" Lawrence knew, in a sad way, that he could never go back to place he loved, acting. Being someone else and completely forgetting your own problems but getting lost in the characters. It was an easy, ideal solution to his problems. Now, he had lost all that mattered to him. America, his acting group and now Gwen. He pushed open a door in his house. Gwen was sitting on the bed, her naked back to him. She turned slowly around to see him. Her hair falling elegantly across her face. Inside he longed for her, to have her as his own, to steal her away and keep her for eternity. The other half of him was disgusted in himself. This was the girl who his brother was engaged too, he was ruining Ben's memory by being so selfish. \"Terrible things, Lawrence\" He heard his father say. \"You've done terrible things.\" His heart ached every time he thought about her. He could see her sometimes; she would stand in front of him, smiling. Yet she was always out of reach, always just beyond his grasp. Clank-Clank-Clank. The droning of the gears as it plunged him into the water seemed to be embedded in his nightmares. One time, he could have sworn he was young again. He felt the water rush as he was plunged into the icy deep. Surely he would drown, he thought, his small lungs could not possibly take any more of this agony. The grinding began again and the chair lifted out of the freezing water. He coughed and spluttered. \"Father!\" He screamed. \"Father!\" Out of the corner of his eye he saw his father at the cogs. He was the one who was dunking him in the water, slowly driving him crazy. How did he end up here again? After standing a whole year of it in his youth, it was only in his nightmares were he returned. Nightmares were a regular occurrence at the Asylum. Often the silence of the night would be broken by a horrific, piercing shriek and more than once the scream belonged to Lawrence. Lawrence had a strange dream one night, more real and frightening than ever. He had woken in his cell. Morning had broken, bright and clear. Yet the sun seemed miles away from where he was. To his surprise there was no chain around his neck or on his wrists. For the first time he felt free. \"Lawrence.\"Said a soft voice. Gwen lit up the gloomy room with her mere presence. Her beauty giving out more light then the sun could ever. She took her soft hands in his dirty and lifted him on his feet. He didn't feel tired or drained as he had always felt while he was in the Asylum. He stood on his feet, feeling strong once more. Gwen took hold of his shoulders, staring deep into his eyes. \"It's ok; I've come to take you home.\" A part of him truly believed her. \"It's ok.\" She reassured him again. \"Hold me...Just hold me.\" She whispered. Her rosy lips where enchanting and her pale face shone like the light of the moon. Lawrence felt the weight in his stomach being relived as he looked into her beautiful eyes. Every feature of her seemed to be more radiant them ever. Out of the corner of his eye, Lawrence noticed a dirt spotted mirror at the edge of the room. Curiously, he peered around Gwen to see his reflection, imagining how badly he must compare to the stunning Gwen. A monster stared back at him, covered in thick black fur all over him. His clothes where ripped in places and black hair could be seen beneath, like a second skin. His face was disfigured, more animal then human. His nose was dog like and his mouth was dribbling crimson blood onto her back through his dagger like jaws. Lawrence jumped in horror. Gwen took his frightened face in her velvety hands. \"It's not real\" She whispered. She was trying to keep him there, willing him not to look back into the mirror. Shaking, Lawrence pulled out of her grasp and peered around her, terrified about what he will see in the reflection. Expecting to see the terrifying beast, he was surprised to see his scared reflection in the filthy mirror. As he looked, he was sure it was safe. It was all in his head. Nothing prepared him for the beast to rear up from behind, growling maliciously its jaws dripping blood. It was coming down for the kill, to end Lawrence for good. Everything went pitch black as Lawrence disappeared as the scene imploded. Down...Down...such a long way down he fell. Clank-Clank-Clank. He was woken by the sounds of the gears and wondered why he was not there on the chair. Why had they not dragged him out of bed as they had done so often? Even more surprising, was that Lawrence was not alone... It's pretty obvious now where I'm going with this. I hope you are enjoying it. Trust me, I haven't quite finished yet. Thanks to my reviews, and please review again if you can, it only takes one second! If you can see any mistakes please let me know. Thank you, I'll try and update quickly next time.[Chapter 6] Some of you guessed right about who the person is, you'll just have to see for yourself. This entire scene is quoted from the film but in Lawrence's point of view. It has the added bits in the extended addition. I hope you like it. Disclaimer: I have no ownership of the Wolfman or its characters. I just own the computer to write it down on. \"Lycanthropy, yeah Lycanthropy...\" Lawrence heard a voice say. He was used to hearing screams of the Asylum inmates or the taunts of unfamiliar doctors. Yet he knew this voice, but it couldn't be ... \"Aye, I contracted the disease, if that's what it is, in India in the Hindu Kush. The natives directed me to a cave, where according to legend lived a strange creature. A very strange creature. And after a great many days of climbing and searching, I finally found it. I found the cave and the strange creature that lived there.\" Lawrence still refused to look at the speaker, knowing now who the voice belonged to. Part of him was glad, as after all he had wanted to confront him for the entire month he was there. The other half of him was in shock and was still coming to grips with him being there at all. For the first time in weeks, Lawrence felt free of drugs. He was exhausted and every part of his body was aching; but, nevertheless, his mind was clear. \"Yeah,\" said Sir John, recalling what had happened. \"It was a little boy. A little wild feral boy, powerfully strong.\" Lawrence pictured the strange creature with little hair he had seen so often, baring its sharp teeth, growling sinisterly. He could imagine him crouching in a cave, a terrible animal, waiting for uninvited individuals to stray willingly into its lair... \"Who suddenly, attacked me and bit me.\" Sir John continued, pulling back his right sleeve revealing the bite mark on his skin, still pronounced. \"So, I returned to my hunting companions in the valley below thinking I'd been made the butt of a joke.\" He chuckled happily to himself. His expression soon turned into a sombre mask of disappear. \"I soon discovered otherwise...\" Lawrence remembered that night too well. It was imprinted in his mind since his childhood. He saw it again, getting out of bed, going down the path, through the gardens to where his mother lay. She was not holding a shaving knife; she was not holding anything... A hairy beast held her in his arms, its face covered in fur but not enough to mask the true identity of who hid beneath. His mother's beautiful body was broken, her neck savagely ripped at, blood pouring down into her lap. \"You killed my mother.\" Lawrence said slowly, speaking for the first time. He still had not looked once at his father. There was a short pause. \"Yeah, I suppose I did.\" Sir John said, watching Lawrence cautiously. Lawrence heaved his body into a sitting position. His body ached and he had little energy to move. Even if he had the energy, the thick chain around his neck would have prevented it. \"You should kill yourself.\" Lawrence said, still refusing to look at Sir John. \"Oh, I can't tell you how often I have considered that. But life is far too glorious, Lawrence, especially to the cursed and dammed like myself.\" Sir John got up from the chair where he sat and moved across the room. \"Yeah, every night at the full moon, for many years now I've been locked in that crypt by Singh my faithful servant.\" Lawrence turned towards him, he wanted to hurt him, to rip him to pieces, but he was too tired and drained. Besides, a part of him was still intrigued by what he was saying and wanted to find out more. Sir John sighed deeply. \"Then she came, didn't she. Hot and burning like the face of the moon.\" \"Gwen\" Lawrence said, he was now staring at his father, rapt with attention. He had thought of Gwen so often in the Asylum, she was his escape route. His remberance of reality. \"Yeah, she would have taken your brother away from me and they would have both vanished into the night forever.\" Sir John paced across the room. Lawrence's eyes followed him with every step he took. He was unsure where he was going with this but he was listening intently. The aching was leaving him now, but a horrible itching was beginning in his legs. Lawrence tried to rub his feet together but it was no good. \"And although I was resigned to it the beast within me was not.\" Sir John continued. \"And Ben, you understand me, had come to tell me that he was quite resolute in his decision to leave Talbot Hall for good and to take Gwen away from me.\" \"I became drunk and violent, extremely violent and I struck out at Singh who was trying to restrain me.\" He laughed hollowly. \"And I knocked him out cold. Poor, poor Singh.\" \"Yeah, you know I never told you this Lawrence, but I used to be a bare knuckle prize fighter when I was a young man.\" He moved towards Lawrence, who recoiled instantly looking wary. \"In the ports of Boston, San Francisco, New York. Back in the good old days before you were born. Long time ago. BAM!\" He held up his fists in a fighting pose and laughed once more. \"Yeah, anyway.\" He persisted. \"As a consequence, I was unable to lock myself in the crypt that night. And I found your brothers body in a ditch, not far from the house. He'd been torn to pieces.\" Something twitched in Lawrence's senses. He was no longer tired, but fully alert. His father's words had lit a fire within him, simmering beneath his skin; burning his insides. Sir John moved away from Lawrence, opposite the bed, not facing him. There was a slight pause. \"I know now it was a mistake to lock up the beast. Don't you think so Lawrence?\" Sir John slowly turned around to face Lawrence, smiling. \"I should have let it ran free.\" He raised one eyebrow. \"Kill or be killed\" The simmering fire within Lawrence seemed to explode. He could stand it no more. He had forgotten he was weak, forgotten that he was chained up. All he wanted to do was to hurt his father as much as possible. \"I'll kill you!\" He yelled getting to his feet and running with all his might at his father. He went too far, the chain around his neck reached its maximum and pulled him sharply back. He thudded to the ground completely winded and out of breath. He groped his neck trying to pull off the chain that was strangling him off. His father loomed above him. \"Ah, you've a long way to go yet, my young pup.\" \"I'll kill you.\" Lawrence breathed still hardly able to speak through the pain of his fall. \"Oh, you'll get your chance soon enough.\" Sir John moved under the bared window where light was still filtering in. \"She'll be full tonight, moon.\" He pointed at the window. Lawrence exhaled. He knew it was close. He had watched the moon pass with frightening pace across the sky. Had it really come this soon , he thought miserably. Sir John reached inside his breast pocket of the jacket and pulled out a small object. \"I have a little gift for you Lawrence in the event you don't find life quite as glorious as I find it to be.\" Sir John smiled again and revealed the object to be a shaving knife, opening it slowly in front of Lawrence. \"Or not to be\" He winked still smiling menacingly. He dropped the shaving knife onto Lawrence's chest, where he was still lying flat on his back. \"I am deeply sorry about this Lawrence; I do love you, dear boy.\" He stepped over Lawrence towards the door. \"You may find that hard to believe in light of what has happened.\" Sir John continued towards the door, not looking back. \"I'll kill you.\" Lawrence breathed, still finding it hard to speak. \"Sleep now.\" His father called. \"I'll kill you.\" \"Rest, Guards?\" Lawrence heard the bolt grind across, opening the door. \"I'll kill you!\" He said much more loudly. \"I'LL KILL YOU!\" He screamed. \"I'LL KILL YOU!\" The bolt shut and Lawrence was alone. \"I'll kill you.\" He kept muttering even though no one was there to answer apart from a harmonica, playing a tunefully melody as his father walked away from his only son. That chapter was much shorter then I planned, sorry. I thought this scene would be longer but it wasn't. I will try to make the next chapter longer for you. Please continue reviewing, it's a joy to read them all![Chapter 7] This is my final chapter, I'm pretty sad to end it, but proud as well. I hope you like the last part of my story. I'm very sorry I left it so long, I'm sure many would have forgotten this story... (like I did!) Disclaimer: I don't own The Wolfman or any characters in the story . There was so much in his mind that day. It had practically exploded by the amount of information he had been told. Fury, fear and love Fury at his father. He knew already, a part of him was sure that his father was pure evil. Now he knew for sure. How could he have killed his own brother? He loved them when they were children, would take them to the park for picnics and had been all that a father should have been. Yet all memories of his father caring, even memories of his father being human were wiped from his mind. His father was no longer a man but the beast caged inside... Lawrence was also scared. He knew what would happen tonight. He knew what would come over him, the powerful urge to kill, to rip and tear. How many more deaths would he be responsible for tonight? He had stared a lot at the shaving knife his father had left him. Many times he thought he would end it once and for all. To kill the monster for good. Yet every time he held it above his wrists, a vision flashed before his mind. Gwen was laughing, carefree as she skipped stones across the lake, she turned to face him, flashing him her radiant smile. He always stopped. She needed to know the truth, she must. He couldn't bear for her to think badly of him. He loved her too much to leave without a goodbye. With these feelings racing through him it was no wonder he was too preoccupied to scream. Clank-Clank-Clank-Clank-Clank Icy water engulfed him. He didn't scream but concentrated on staying focused and holding his breath. It was hard, pressure beat a drum in his head. Concentrate, he told himself, don't slip up now. Clank –Clank-Clank-Clank-Clank Lawrence gulped the air gratefully when he re-emerged. Swallowing great lung fulls. The doctors stood in front of him, talking quietly to themselves about their own mundane lives. \"Listen to me!\" Lawrence cried, louder than he had intended. The doctors appeared startled and turned away from their note comparison to regard him curiously. Lawrence felt clearer than ever after his conversation with his father and was brimming with fresh determination. \"Lock me in my room tonight. Lock the door and leave me there. You have to believe me now.\" \"Oh yes?\" One of the guards said, coming close to his face. Lawrence was still strapped in and couldn't move an inch. He felt the guard's foul breath by his ear. \"Scared of the moon are we?\" \"Stop it, you have to believe me, I am not a monster. Buts there's something inside of me that is...\" The gears ground back into action. Clank –Clank-Clank-Clank-Clank \"I AM NOT A MONSTER!\" He screamed. Water hit his back and rose to his face, cutting his scream short. The ice bit him like knives, scratching at his skin, attacking his pores. Clank –Clank-Clank-Clank-Clank He spluttered and spat water out of his mouth as the chair rose back up to a sitting position. \"If you're not a monster then why did so many villagers of Blackmoor die?\" Asked Dr Hoenneger flicking through his charts, sounding almost bored as he leaned against the back wall. Lawrence had no reply. \"I see.\" The Doctor said in answer to his silence. He looked up from the chart and nodded to the guard by the gears. \"Once more, and not for too long, we don't have the luxury of much time. The patient must look presentable for tonight.\" \"What?\" Lawrence said, his heart thumping hard in his chest. \"We are going to stop these delusions once and for all, Mr Talbot. You shall then be free, to live your life normally, I'm sure you will thank me after.\" \"What are you talking about?\" He asked. Clank –Clank-Clank-Clank-Clank The gears began to move, and the chair began to lower. \"Tell me!\" Water hit him again, yet in his panic he had swallowed much of the ice water and began to choke, water filling his lungs, his heart pounding in his chest. Clank –Clank-Clank-Clank-Clank The chair rose once more and he gasped and spluttered, coughing up the water he had inhaled. In his confusion and disorientation he hardly noticed the doctor turning to leave. \"8.00pm tonight, Mr Talbot.\" And with that Dr Hoenneger was gone. Lawrence hardly remembered the rest of the day. He was praying for the Doctor to be lying, for this to be one of his nightmares. Lawrence searched in vain for some way out of the Asylum. He screamed, begged, shouted and prayed to any God above who may spare the lives of others or give him the strength he didn't possess to kill himself. No such prayers were answered. At half 7, when gruel would normally be brought, guards marched in. He didn't fight at first. He pleaded with them to listen as they unfastened him, begged that he would only hurt them. Begged them to leave him here chained up rather than be out there and allow others to be exposed to his condition yet they only laughed harder. Finally, Lawrence snapped. Perhaps the dormant beast inside him had already begun to awake... \"Let go off me!\" Lawrence yelled, wrenching his arm free and swinging it to one of the guards, knocking one of them to the floor. He pulled his other arm free and sprinted to the door, yet his cold and weak hands only fumbled uselessly against the lock. His nails scrambling against the wood. Before he knew it he was pulled down to the ground, his body firmly planted as more guards approached. They secured his hands and fixed him to a trolley. He was tightly bound now, unable to move an inch. He saw the bloody face of one of the guards loom over him, the one he had hit. It looked as though he had broken his nose and knocked a front tooth out given the gaping hole in the Guards sadistic smile. \"Think of this as repayment for what you did to me\" He snarled and pounded Lawrence's' head with his fist. Lawrence welcomed the darkness the onslaught of fists brought... Yellow Black Yellow Black ...Lawrence was dimly aware that he was travelling... Yellow Black Yellow ...The yellow must be lights, he thought, gas lanterns. Why was he travelling and where was he going... Yellow Black Yellow Black Then it hit him, the rolling of the trolley's squeaky wheels and the changing light as they passed one lit lantern to the next in the dark passage. His mind was still struggling to comprehend. He was replaying in his head all he had done, all he had seen. \"Terrible things Lawrence, you've done terrible things...\" \"I get your implication and resent it...\" \"You killed my mother...\" \"Yes, I suppose I did...\" \"You should kill yourself...\" \"The power of Satan to change men into beasts...\" Then, Lawrence felt the passage widen and heard the wheels of the trolley slow to a stop, he could see very little from his secured position but was aware of him being watched, observed as if an interesting experiment by bespectacled, bearded men in stands raised above him position. He heard distantly a voice as if it was far away growing louder with every word. \"We are here tonight to illustrate conclusively that Mr. Talbot's fears are quite irrational. So, we will remain in this room together, and once Mr. Talbot has witnessed that the full moon holds no sway over him, that he remains a perfectly ordinary human being, he will have taken his first small step down the long road to mental recovery. We are all aware that Mr. Talbot has suffered quite traumatic personal experiences. He witnessed his mother's self mutilations. His young mind, unable to accept it, created a fantastical truth, that his father is to blame. That is father is literally a monster.\" I'm a monster too , thought Lawrence, although his own internal voice seemed to be fading and was being replaced by another, deeper, grotesque voice inside his head... \"But, your father is not a werewolf.\" Contined Dr Hoenneger. \"You were not bitten by a werewolf. You will not become a werewolf, any more than I will sprout wings and fly out of that window.\" The men around the room chuckled in apprication of the Doctors joke. The beast within Lawrence smiled, baring its jaws... ...You will all die tonight... the beast thought, its voice growing stronger inside Lawrence's mind, over taking his own sanity, replacing it with the monstrous beast... ... and it was the beast who won that night as he escaped... won, rampaged and slaughtered... Even a man who is pure in heart and says his prayers by night, may become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms, and the autumn moon is bright. Fin Thanks very much for reading, I hope you like it! ","Summary":" Hello! I guess you could say I'm new on the block, but I'm going to write an account of Lawrence fo"},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"λύκος, lýkos","Author":"Tavata","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6030811","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Incluso un hombre puro de corazón y que reza sus oraciones por la noche puede convertirse en lobo cuando florece la luparia y brilla la luna de otoño... PROEMIO... Inglaterra, 19... Odiaba viajar en barco, todo el mundo lo sabía, no había nadie más infeliz que él en el mar. Su estómago lo odiaba, su alma lo odiaba... Así que cuando por fin sus pies pisaron el muelle de la vieja Inglaterra no pudo menos que levantar la vista al cielo y agradecer el dejar el insano movimiento de las olas.[Chapter 2] MONSTRUOS No hay sensación más agradable ni más placentera que estar en tu cama tapado hasta la cabeza. La almohada suave para poder descansar y tus pies jugando bajo tan cálida protección. -¿Fossey? No, no quería despertar, aun estaba soñando con un sueño muy bonito, uno donde un niño sin casa, ni familia, ni nadie que se preocupará por él encontraba a un amigo que lo salvaba de monstruos de la policía y del hambre. Soñaba con una sopa caliente y con un lugar muy agradable, con una cama y un sueño reparador. -¡Fossey! ¡Puf! Hizo su sueño a causa del grito que lo despertó. El pequeño estaba tan enrollado como un postre de hojaldre entre las sábanas y cobijas que cayó rodando al suelo. ¡Fossey!- llamó de nuevo Thad poniéndose de rodillas para sacar el niño de ese revoltijo- Ya es muy tarde, debó ver a la señorita Conliffe. El pequeño bostezó mostrando todos los dientes. Está bien señor Thad- dijo restregando sus manos contra sus adormilados ojos- Vamos. Primero date un baño, no quiero que tía Gwen piense que te encontré en la calle- bromeó Thad. Pero me encontró en la calle, señor Thad- contestó Fossey liberando su pie izquierdo. No lo tomes textual, amiguito- Thad salía de la habitación- ¡Te dejé ropa limpia, espero sea de tu toalla! \"La vida es buena\" Pensó Fossey mientras tímidamente pasaba su mano por la ropa nueva. … Thad estaba sentado leyendo un periódico londinense en la salita de la habitación del hotel que ocupaban él y Fossey, había pedido un café, el periódico y un vaso de leche y galletas para el niño (justo era decir que una de las galletas estaba mordida y Thad tenía moronitas cafés en la solapa del traje) ¡Ya estoy listo, señor Thad!- le gritaron de pronto. El americano levantó la vista del periódico para toparse con un jovencito de doce años limpió y con ropa nueva. No te queda tan mal- le sonrió- te pedí leche. ¡Wow, tienes el cabello castaño muy claro! ¡Ayer con tanta mugre no lo había notado! Fossey se sonrojó. Él también se había sorprendido de verse como un niño normal y no como un pilluelo que intenta sobrevivir en las calles. Gracias, señor Thad- contestó con humildad con un brillo encantador en los vivaces ojillos miel. … ¡Un carruaje! ¡El señor Thad había pedido un carruaje para llegar a la tienda de antigüedades de la señorita Conliffe! Mientras Fossey miraba todo con los ojos muy abiertos por la ventanilla del carruaje Thad estaba sumido en sus pensamientos ¿Cómo se presentaría ante su tía Gwen? ¿Para qué le llamaba con tanto apuro? ¿Estaría molesta por el tiempo que había pasado? Señor Thad- llamó Fossey. Thad dio un ligero salto, había sido tomado por sorpresa. Ya llegamos- dijo el niño saliendo del carruaje. … Era la típica calle londinense, estaba la típica niebla londinense, Thad estaba nervioso era la primera vez que vería a la señorita Gwen Conliffe; aun se preguntaba cómo sería la forma más apropiada de llamar cuando para su sorpresa Fossey ya se encontraba jalando la campanilla que avisaba la llegada de clientes. Antes de que Thad pudiera decir algo la puerta se abrió dejando ver a la mujer más hermosa que Thad nunca antes había visto, debió sonrojarse hasta las orejas ya que ella solo atinó a sonreír con una sonrisa encantadora. Thad… mi querido Thadeus- dijo ella abrazándolo- Eres el vivo retrato de tu madre… Estaba peinada con un moño alto y su vestido negro más parecía el que llevan las damas por el luto que el que a una señorita aun en muy buena edad para casarse debe portar. Sus ojos aunque algo tristes eran los más hermosos que Thad pudiera recordar ¿así eran los de su madre? ¿Se parecía a ella? Su cabello oscuro idéntico al de Thad, sí, tal vez así era su difunta madre. Tía Gwen- dijo por fin el joven americano- lamento la tardanza. Lo importante es que estás aquí- dijo ella con toda sinceridad- ¿y quién es tu amigo? Fossey solamente ver que la dama notaba su presencia estaba tan rojo como un tomate. Fossey- dijo sonriente Thad- es un amigo. El niño no cabía en sí ¡El señor Thad lo había llamado amigo! Pasen, pasen. Mucho gusto, señor Fossey- saludó Gwen invitándoles a pasar. … Las sorpresas no terminaban ese día para el pequeño Fossey, ese lugar estaba lleno de estatuas antiguas, de adornos que solo había visto por las ventanas de las casas ricas y muebles tan pero tan viejos que estaba seguro si se sentaba en ellos los haría polvo. Thad y Gwen platicaron durante horas mientras él se perdía por aquí y por allá. La señorita Conliffe tenía muchas cosas de que hablar con su sobrino, le habló de Inglaterra, de su familia, de su madre, de lo bueno, de lo malo, de su juventud, de lo que había pasado después de su partida, de cómo era su vida hasta que conoció a Ben Talbot, su pérdida, el misterio de los Talbot, como Lawrence llegó a su vida… En ese punto tía Gwen hizo una pausa, Thad que había escuchado en silencio hasta ese momento solamente preguntando ocasionalmente algo para no interrumpir el relato de su hermosa familiar levantó la vista de su taza de té para descubrir que la señorita Conliffe estaba llorando en silencio. Lo lamento- comentó cuando imagino que Lawrence Talbot habría muerto. ¿Has escuchado?- comenzó tía Gwen limpiando sus lágrimas- sobre ¿Monstruos? Eso era de lo que realmente la aun joven mujer deseaba hablar, por eso tantas cartas en tan poco tiempo, tía Gwen le temía a los monstruos. ¿Cómo los de Mary Shelley?- Thad no sabía a qué tipo de monstruos se refería. No, no los monstruos de los libros, sobrino… A los monstruos de verdad- explicó misteriosamente ella. Hay gente mala y gente buena en el mundo- trató de entender el americano. Yo también creía que eran superstición de los pueblerinos ignorantes- siguió tía Gwen- pero son reales Thad… tan reales como tú o como yo… Fossey se acercó hasta la salita para escuchar también el relato de tía Gwen. Un hombre puro de corazón puede cambiar a una criatura extraña, lo he visto con mis ojos- tía Gwen hablaba muy bajito- un hombre aparentemente noble puede ser el más bajo de los animales, ni la bestia de Gévaudan puede ser tan terrible como los monstruos que yo he visto… ¿Bestia de Que no ves?- preguntó Fossey. Shhhh- le calló Thad- es la bestia de Gévaudan, es un cuento francés sobre… ¿Hombres bestia?- ahora la pregunta era dirigida hacia la señorita Conliffe- tía Gwen ¿hablas de hombres bestia? -Hombres lobo, Thadeus, hombres lobo… y están entre nosotros… Si tía Gwen hubiera dicho que había visto la danza de las brujas en la montaña, que las sirenas le habían saludado o que los monstruos bajo la cama tomaban ahí el té Thad o Fossey se hubieran soltado a reír a carcajada suelta por semejante ocurrencia; pero, había tal seriedad y seguridad en cada palabra de tía Gwen que Thad al momento lo supo, la señorita Conliffe no estaba mintiendo. Tía Gwen- Thad no pudo evitar tartamudear a pesar de saberse valiente- has… ¿has visto hombres lobo? Continuara….[Chapter 3] AULLIDOS ¿Hombres Lobo?- preguntó Thad sin poder creerlo. Fossey miraba tanto al joven americano como a la dama inglesa. Son tan reales como tú o como yo- prosiguió tía Gwen sin apartar su azul mirada de Thad- viven y mueren como nosotros… -la voz de la dama inglesa se quebró ante el recuerdo de Lawrence- y me temo… hay más allá afuera. Thad y Fossey se giraron para mirarse por un segundo ¿Más allá afuera? ¿Estás segura?- la voz de Thad continuaba sonando insegura. La señorita Conliffe se levantó de su asiento dejando solos a ambos chicos en la salita. Está bromeando ¿cierto?- preguntó Fossey. El niño esperaba escuchar que todo esto era una broma, que nada más lo estaban asustando, que después de esto se irían de nuevo al hotel o a comer o a cualquier otra parte... Pero en lugar de eso solo recibió como toda respuesta el silencio de Thad. Hombres Lobo… ¡Tenía que ser una broma! ¡Tiene que ser una broma! No, tía Gwen no hubiera sido capaz de hacerle una broma tan cruel, hacerlo venir desde América solamente para asustarlo con esos cuentos y supersticiones… Antes de que el joven americano pudiera preguntar o decir cualquier otra cosa la señorita Conliffe regresó con al parecer varios diarios amarillos y un paquete de papeles igual de viejos. Sin decir ni una sola palabra comenzó a repartirlos a lo largo de la pequeña mesita de té evitando ensuciarlos en el proceso. ¿Mapas? ¿Cartas? ¿Dibujos? Fossey no sabía que eran todas esas cosas, él ni siquiera sabía leer pero por la cara de su joven amigo parecían importantes. Hay evidencia- habló de pronto la dama inglesa- de que se han estado reuniendo- Señaló el mapa- Blackmoor… ¿Blackmoor? ¿Dónde murieron los Talbot?- sin poder evitarlo Thad derramó completamente el poco té que quedaba en su taza. Y no es solo eso- continuó tía Gwen entregándole una carta. \" Lamento importunarle por medio de estas líneas, pero me temo esto excede a mis fuerzas… I. F A\" El Inspector Francis Aberline- se adelantó la señorita Conliffe- creo que él la mandó… ¿Y eso que significa?- preguntó por primera vez Fossey. Significa- habló sin temor Thadeus- que tenemos que ir a Blackmoor ¿No es así, señorita Conliffe? ¡Y los monstruos!- Fossey ahora era quién no podía ocultar su miedo. Por eso me llamaste ¿verdad? Sabías que algo malo estaba pasando y necesitabas mi ayuda- Thad se puso de pie- descuida tía Gwen, no tendrás por qué tener miedo por más tiempo… -aunque intentaba creerlo Thad no tenía ni la menor idea de cómo se encargarían de esto, es más hasta esa tarde él no sabía nada de Hombres lobo. Sobrino, no te pondría en riesgo, lo sabes muy bien, te amo pero… necesito ayuda con esto, si Aberline me ha escrito sé que es por algo importante… me temó sea algo que ponga en peligro a todos…- la señorita Conliffe se puso de pie- arreglaré todo para partir inmediatamente… … -Fossey, en verdad no es necesario El pequeño animosamente cargaba las maletas de Thad y de la señorita Conliffe. ¡No se preocupe señor Thad!- llamó el pequeño- ¡Tendré mucho cuidado! Es más no notará que estoy con usted solamente no me deje ¿está bien? Thad se sonrió sinceramente, el pobre de Fossey no soportaría regresar a las calles al abandono y al frío después de haberlo conocido. Está bien, pero debes ayudarme a cuidar a tía Gwen ¿está bien?- el americano señaló el andén donde esperaba su tren- y sobre todo ¡Tienes que cuidarte tú también! … Y así comenzó el viaje, la brumosa Londres fue dejada a la distancia mientras el silbido de la locomotora era lo único que les acompañaba en el recorrido por el frío campo inglés. Thad había pagado para que los tres fueran en un compartimiento privado. Fossey que nunca había viajado en tren se sentía en las nubes, durante todo el tiempo de viaje tía Gwen les explicaba todo lo que había encontrado en los libros sobre licantropía preparándoles para lo que pudieran encontrar. A la hora de la cena salieron al vagón comedor para tomar algo que pudiera acallar sus estómagos. -¡Un momento! Thad levantó la vista de su plato al escuchar el grito de la autoridad. Al parecer tenían problemas con alguno de los pasajeros ya que uno de los guardias parecía muy molesto. Continúen cenando- dijo mientras se levantaba- voy a ver qué ocurre… Y no se había equivocado, una mujer joven discutía en una lengua desconocida para él con el guardia. La chica vestía de una manera muy extraña tal vez con algún traje típico de Europa del Este. De pronto Thad lo entendió ¡Era una gitana! Discutían porque al parecer ella solo había pagado un boleto hasta medio camino y ahora tendría que bajar en la siguiente estación. No, no. Blackmoor- exclamaba ella con un fuerte acento autoritario- Pague hasta Blackmoor. Thad intervino cuando el guardia amenazaba con tomar a la joven del brazo. La chica tiene razón- explicó Thad después de revisar el billete de la joven- pago hasta Blackmoor y no hay motivo para este malentendido. El guardia al parecer solamente quería bajarla porque inquietaba a los demás pasajeros pero ante la presencia de Thad tuvo que dejarla en paz. La chica no dejaba de gruñir algo en esa lengua extraña. Disculpe el malentendido- dijo educadamente Thad- ¿Señorita? Pero antes de que pudiera decir algo más o al menos saber el nombre de la gitana ésta ya se había retirado. De nada- musitó Thad regresando al vagón comedor. … ¿Todo bien?- preguntó tía Gwen solo ver regresar a Thad. -Por supuesto, solo era una gitana, creo ¿Fossey me pasas un bollo? El bollo nunca llegó a la mano de Thad ya que una fuerte sacudida hizo que todos los pasajeros en el vagón comedor cayeran de sus asientos. ¿Qué fue eso?- preguntó Fossey en el suelo. Antes de que alguien pudiera contestarle un prolongado y lastimero aullido fue la respuesta que todos temían. ¿Lobos?- preguntó Thad. No, no eran lobos, la mirada de terror de tía Gwen le dio la respuesta que temía. ¡Rápido, todos al fondo!- gritó Thad tratando de hacerse escuchar sobre los gritos de los pasajeros. … Todo el ferrocarril estaba sumido en una confusión total. ¡Un ataque! ¡Estaban bajo un ataque! Thad no podía creerlo. La gente gritaba y corría. Él había tomado por la muñeca a tía Gwen y a Fossey con una y otra mano abriéndose camino entre la gente que no sabía qué hacer. Los disparos no se hicieron esperar, al parecer las bestias habían entrado ¿por qué atacar el ferrocarril? No, en ese momento no importaba, en ese momento lo único que importaba era correr y salvarse. Por el corredor ya había gente herida, unos muy lastimados y otros que no sabían que había pasado. Los gritos y gruñidos llenaban todo el lugar, al parecer los monstruos estaban atacando en todas partes. El guardia que tratara de detener a la gitana estaba tirado en el suelo con la cabeza rota. Thad tuvo que cargar a Fossey para no perderlo en la confusión. No habían logrado librar más que otros dos vagones cuando ya no lograron avanzar más ¡Una de esas criaturas les cerraba el paso! Era lo más enorme que Thad nunca antes había visto, era una extraña mezcla de hombre y de lobo, olía a perro mojado y entre la baba del hocico corría un mar de sangre, los pantalones y la camisa solo eran jirones de tela pegadas a los músculos cubiertos de pelaje. Tía Gwen llevó muy lentamente su mano a su bolso para sacar una pistola. Balas de plata, claro, si al menos Thad hubiera sacado su equipaje para ir a cenar. La bestia pareció adivinar las intenciones de tía Gwen ya que gruñó tan fuerte que parecía dejaría sordo al joven americano. Baja el arma- musitó Thad. Tía Gwen obedeció. Fossey iba a preguntar por qué bajaban el arma cuando sintió la apeste detrás de él… Estaban rodeados por ambos lados… ¿Cómo vamos a salir de esta, señor Thad?- preguntó el pequeño. Thad solamente tragó saliva. Le hubiera gustado tener una mejor idea para salvar tanto a Fossey como a tía Gwen y no la estupidez que estaba a punto de cometer… Continuara…[Chapter 4] LOBEZNO Si tía Gwen disparaba el hombre lobo que les cubría las espaldas hubiera saltado contra ellos. Si corrían el hombre lobo frente a ellos les hubiera destrozado. ¿Qué hacer? Si hacían cualquier movimiento rápido cualquiera de las dos bestias hubiera hecho picadillo con ellos ¿Quién se podía salvar? ¿Tía Gwen? No, ella no correría, ella tenía la sangre fría de dispararles a cualquiera de los dos hombres lobo ¿Fossey? No, el pobre estaba petrificado por la impresión ¿Thad? No, no podía abandonar a su familia. Parecía que el tiempo se había congelado en ese momento, no había ni atrás ni adelante. Las ventanillas estaban cerradas… Las ventanillas ¡Un momento, eso podía funcionar! Thad tragó saliva, si al menos tuviera más tiempo para pensar en un buen plan de contingencia y no en una estupidez como esta… A la cuenta de tres- musitó bajito para que solo la dama inglesa y el niño le escucharan- Fossey saltas a la derecha, hacia esa ventana. Tía Gwen saltas a tu izquierda, la puerta está cerrada pero estoy seguro se vencerá con tu peso. ¿y tú?- preguntó la señorita Conliffe. A la de una- Thad no contestó- a la de dos… ¡A la de tres! Aunque no les gustaba el plan, ambos obedecieron. Fossey saltó justo a tiempo ya que el lobo detrás de él levantó la zarpa derecha para ensartar al niño, tía Gwen saltó a la izquierda derribando de una sola intención la puerta justo en el momento en que el hombre lobo frente a ella intentaba atraparla por el hombro. ¿Cuál era el plan de Thad? Carnada, él no corrió ni salto, cuando vio que la bestia de atrás estaba a punto de atrapar a Fossey el joven americano lo tomó por la peluda extremidad para lanzarlo contra el lobo frente a él. La bestia gruñó al ser tomada por sorpresa. Pero al menos derribó al otro lobo que les bloqueaba el paso. Thad estaba a punto de celebrar que su plan hubiera funcionado pese a lo estúpido que había sido cuando el techo sobre él se desplomó, el americano a penas y pudo moverse cuando ya había otra de esas cosas peludas y apestosas parado justo donde él había estado. Éste era el doble de grande y por el brillo maligno en sus negros ojos no iba a ser igual de sencillo el engañarlo. Lo único bueno era que éste parecía no haber reparado ni en tía Gwen que se atrinchero en los sillones del compartimiento en donde se había escondido o en Fossey que pese a haberse cortado el brazo izquierdo estaba firmemente sujeto al otro lado de la ventanilla. ¡Eh, bestia!- llamó Thad dando unos cuantos pasos hacia atrás- ¡Sí tú apestoso! ¿Qué rayos estaba haciendo? Ni idea, lo único que quería era que este nuevo peligro no se fijara en su familia. El nuevo recién llegado aulló con todas sus fuerzas mientras se lanzaba de un salto contra Thad, éste intentó hacerse a un lado pero no fue lo suficientemente rápido, el lobo le había caído encima… … Lo primero que había pensado era en salir corriendo de ahí, pero justo cuando estaba a punto de irse escuchó la voz del joven que había intervenido en su favor contra el guardia. Nadie iba a decir que la hija de Maleva no pagaba sus deudas. Cuando logró llegar hasta donde escuchó al americano vio como uno de los hombres lobo estaba encima de él. Sin ningún miramiento sacó una pequeña daga de plata y se la clavó en el lomo a la bestia. No hay pecado en matar a una bestia- musitó la joven gitana- pero si en dejar morir a un hombre… … Tía Gwen también salió al momento con su arma cargada justo al mismo momento en que Fossey volvía a meterse al tren. Los dos hombres lobo que les habían cerrado el acceso se fueron a buscar alguna otra víctima después de ver que el de mayor tamaño había caído. ¡Thad!- gritó aterrada la señorita Conliffe. ¿Señor Thad?- preguntó Fossey. La gitana entendió al momento que esos tres eran parte de la misma familia así que indicó le ayudaran a quitarle de encima al americano esa mole peluda. Creo que me rompió una costilla- trató de sonreír Thad. Tía Gwen dio un suspiro de alivio. Thad no estaba herido. Será mejor irnos de aquí- Thad se puso de pie- Gracias- le sonrió a la gitana. ¡Qué miedo señor Thad!- gritó Fossey. Tía Gwen y la gitana se movieron hacia la entrada del corredor de ese vagón, Fossey estaba a punto de pasar junto al lobo con el puñal en la espalda cuando éste en un movimiento reflejo levantó la garra para clavársela al niño. Thad no tuvo ni tiempo de alertar a su pequeño amigo cuando se vio a si mismo empujando al pequeño y escucharse gritar de dolor. Tía Gwen giro solamente para gritar a su vez. La zarpa se había incrustado en el costado de Thad. La gitana abrió la boca pero no emitió ni un solo sonido. Pese al dolor Thad logró jalar la daga de la espalda del animal y cortar la zarpa. La bestia ya estaba muerta cuando cayó de espaldas y Thadeus retiro de su piel herida la mano mutilada de un hombre y no la extremidad peluda de un animal. Salgamos de aquí- fue lo único que dijo antes de caer de rodillas. ¡Ahora es uno de ellos!- dijo de pronto la gitana- ¡Será mejor matarlo! ¡NO!- gritaron Fossey y tía Gwen. Es mi única familia- dijo la dama inglesa- Ohhh Thad ¿por qué lo hiciste? ¡El señor Thad me salvó! ¡Yo no dejaré que lo maten!- Fossey comenzó a llorar. La gitana gruñó algo que ninguno de los dos entendió. -Solo nos traerá problemas… Salgamos de aquí Continuara…[Chapter 5] FORESTERN Aun faltaba un poco para llegar a Blackmoor, el accidente del ferrocarril había sido apenas pasando el puente que libraba el barranco… ¡Solo Dios sabía que hubiera sido de todos ellos si esas bestias hubieran atacado justo en el puente! Y a todo esto ¿por qué había atacado el ferrocarril? ¿Estaría relacionado con la nota del inspector Aberline? Pese a lo cansados que todos se encontraban continuaron caminando lastimeramente por entre los arbustos y matorrales de ese desolado paramo; parecía que cada paso era una tortura para Thad quien estaba más blanco que el papel. Entre la señorita Conliffe y el pequeño Fossey le ayudaban a continuar avanzando mientras la joven gitana iba a la cabeza de la marcha, al parecer conocía muy bien el lugar. ¿A dónde vamos?- preguntó Fossey de pronto. Ya era noche nocturna cuando el paramo dio paso a un naciente bosque de frondosos árboles. Me parece que a Blackmoor- contestó entre jadeos la señorita Conliffe terriblemente cansada- ¿iremos al pueblo? No- contestó la gitana. Ambas mujeres sabían que quienes hubieran sobrevivido al ataque al ferrocarril buscarían auxilio en Blackmoor y cuando los pueblerinos se enteraran comenzarían a dar caza a las bestias, el llegar al pueblo con un hombre herido y con las marcas que Thad era muerte segura… No, no era buena idea llegar al pueblo; pero… entonces ¿A dónde iban? El joven americano dejó escapar un profundo y doloroso gemido. No más…- musitó Thad quien tenía la frente perlada por el sudor-no aguanto más… Tía Gwen y Fossey le ayudaron a apoyarse contra el grueso tronco de un roble. Si es fuerte aguantara la noche- dijo la gitana sin importarle cómo se sintiera Thad- debemos seguir. La señorita Conliffe no iba a soportar más el comportamiento de esa joven gitanilla, su sobrino había venido para ayudarle y no solo eso sino que también desde su llegada a Londres había ayudado a ese niño que se había encontrado, la había ayudado a ella cuando el guardia estaba equivocado por su boleto de ferrocarril, les salvó y se condenó por salvarlos de los hombres lobo y esta chica, esta tonta hablaba de él como si fuera una carga. ¡Es suficiente!- le gritó olvidando los modales de las damas de Inglaterra- ¡Tú, no le hablarás así a Thadeus! –hizo una pausa para tomar aire- Vamos a descansar un momento y el Cielo te salve si descubro que intentas hacerle algo a mi sobrino. Si vamos a seguir siendo compañeros de viaje será mejor que te suavices un poco. Hubo un incomodo silencio, Fossey miraba de un lado para otro a ambas mujeres, la señorita Gwen con las mejillas sonrojadas por la furia y el cabello alborotado por la huída que le daban el aspecto de una Diosa alterada, la joven gitana con su atuendo extraño y colorido roja de la furia contenida por este regaño proveniente de una desconocida parecía la visión de una imagen pagana lista a desencadenar su furia. Afortunadamente para todos ninguna de las dos mujeres se lanzó contra la otra, tal vez la más joven había reconocido que en esta batalla la autoridad estaba del lado de la inglesa porque bajando un poco la cabeza asintió aceptando su derrota. La señorita Conliffe también pareció contenta con su victoria ya que alzó el mentón como una ligera muestra de su orgullo inglés satisfecho y acto seguido regresó su atención al Thad que aunque agotado sobremanera no había perdido un solo detalle de la ofuscación de su tía. ¿Te duele mucho?- preguntó Gwen revisando la herida sangrante de Thad- lo lamentó no tuve oportunidad más que de mal vendarla para que no te desangraras. La herida en el costado de Thad tenía muy mal aspecto, Fossey había visto una vez la pierna destrozada de un pilluelo en las calles de Londres, un perro hambriento se la había roto. ¿Tendrían los hombres lobo también rabia? Fossey- llamó la tía de Thad- necesito agua para lavar la herida; no quiero que se infecte… Sí, había un riachuelo por allá, tranquilo señor Thad ahorita regreso- Fossey ya se iba corriendo- ¡No se vaya a morir! Thad intentó sonreírse ante la ocurrente despedida del niño pero no logró ni siquiera esbozar una sonrisa. Sentía que ardía, fiebres, sí, seguramente era fiebre. Le dolía todo el cuerpo, le dolía el costado, la cabeza no dejaba de darle vueltas esto estaba peor que ir en barco. ¿Thad? ¡No te duermas!- le llamó la señorita Conliffe. Y para su asombro la gitanilla se acercó hasta donde estaba apoyado Thad y sin pedir permiso comenzó a revisarle. Gwen tuvo que hacerse a un lado mientras ella tocaba con las yemas de sus dedos la piel herida del americano. Thad se quejó abiertamente. Ahora eres uno de ellos- comenzó la gitana hablando en un susurro- tu alma se ha condenado, cada luna llena olvidarás quien eres y correrás a reunirte con tu clan- comenzó a revisar entre los pliegues de los mantos que formaban su vestido- tus huesos se romperán cuando cambies, el hombre dará paso al hombre… antes de que la bestia tome el control desearás haber muerto…- encontró finalmente lo que parecía una hoja de hierbabuena por el aroma que desprendía- ¿te arrepientes de haberlo hecho? Una vez más la señorita Conliffe parecía iba a protestar por como trataban a su sobrino pero para su sorpresa Thad pareció reaccionar, se giro un poco para ver a la gitana y reuniendo las pocas fuerzas que aun tenía contestó. -No… Ese era Thadeus, no se arrepentía de haberse condenado, ¿maldito? No, sería maldito si hubiera corrido y no hubiera protegido a su familia. La respuesta pareció sorprender a la gitana quien abrió la boca para decir algo pero las palabras nunca salieron de su boca solamente se limitó a verlo directamente a los ojos y regresar después de unos segundos su atención a la hoja que comenzó a frotar por la herida. El lugar comenzó a llenar la noche de un agradable aroma a hierba recién cortada, Thad comenzó a sentir una frescura agradable que agradeció infinitamente. Un \"crack\" detrás de Gwen llamó su atención haciéndola girar temiendo que las bestias anduvieran cerca… afortunadamente solo era Fossey que había regresado con el agua en un improvisado cuenco hecho con la corteza de un tronco. El pequeño mozuelo había escuchado que el señor Thad no se arrepentía de haberlo salvado… Fossey no sabía cómo agradecerlo, se acercó en silencio hasta el señor Thad para dejar el agua sobre el pasto sintiéndose muy cohibido, afortunadamente tía Gwen entró en su ayuda y con una muestra de maternal afecto puso su mano sobre su hombro. Gracias…- musitó por fin el niño. Era demasiado tarde para continuar avanzando, Thad había caído dormido bajo el agradable aroma de la hierba de la gitana, no tenían más opción que aguantar la noche en ese lugar. Fossey fue mandado una vez más a recolectar algo de leña suelta para protegerse del frío con una fogata, Gwen estaba sorprendida de lo rápido que se adaptaba el niño ante la adversidad, las calles lo habían preparado para lo incierto del futuro; la gitana no había hablado más después de lo que había comentado a Thad. Lo mejor esa noche o lo que quedaba de ella era aguantar hasta el amanecer, Fossey se ofreció a hacer la primera guardia para que las damas descansaran un poco o para que velaran mejor por el señor Thad. Sí, si lograban aguantar hasta la aurora el miedo que les infundía ver la luna llena brillar entre las copas de los arboles se iría junto con los lejanos aullidos que se escuchaban mucho más allá de lo que podían ver los ojos. ¿Seguirían siendo los hombres lobo? O ¿serían ya solo lobos buscando su comida nocturna? De cualquier forma cualquiera de las dos respuestas no eran nada prometedoras, lo único que podían hacer era esperar y rezar… Continuara…[Chapter 6] BÊTE El aullido tétrico y prolongado del lobo hizo despertar a Thad, no sabía cuánto tiempo llevaría inconsciente si habían sido unos minutos o muchas horas, la luz de la luna llena se seguía filtrando entre las ramas de los árboles. Al parecer si había sido mucho tiempo puesto que una fogata estaba encendida rodeándolos ¿Por qué buscaban protección? La cabeza le daba vueltas, no podía recordar qué diablos hacían en el bosque, por qué demonios de dolía hasta respirar y sobre todo por qué aullaban los lobos. Las llamaradas alrededor de ellos aumentaron y disminuyeron de pronto su tamaño ¿qué significaba eso? En ese momento, solo ver los brillantes ojos malignos de la bestia del otro lado de la protección del fuego hizo que el americano recordara todo de un golpe, intentó moverse pero las frías manos de la gitana lo detuvieron. No te muevas- susurró- no cruzará la protección. … No había pasado más de unas horas después de que Fossey cambiara de guardia con la señorita Conliffe cuando el primer aullido de los hombres lobo se dejo escuchar, al parecer estaban siguiendo su rastro ya que solamente escucharlos Gwen y la gitana se pusieron a trabajar a marchas forzadas, la prometida de Ben Talbot comenzó a repartir madera y ramas secas alrededor del árbol donde Thad se había quedado dormido mientras la gitana les prendía fuego con los leños de su improvisada fogata y recitaba una serie de palabras extrañas que a Fossey se le antojaron hechizos y maleficios de las brujas de los cuentos de hadas. Solamente terminar los lobos guardaron su distancia, en verdad parecía que no podían cruzar. Tal vez solo fuera miedo al fuego como el resto de los animales salvajes, tal vez solamente estaban midiendo sus fuerzas y cual sería el mejor ataque, lo cierto es que los acechaban sin decidirse a lanzar el primer golpe. Parecía que esto duraría toda la noche o tal vez hasta que las llamas se acabaran para poder darles muerte cuando un aullido muy diferente se dejo escuchar. La última nota de la criatura recién llegada tenía y extraño era decirlo, cierta nota de humanidad ¿humanidad? Sí, había algo extraño en lo gutural del aullido. Los lobos también parecieron darse cuenta de que el recién llegado no era como ellos ya que al momento parecieron preocuparse más por su nuevo visitante que por la presa arrinconada entre el fuego y sus zarpas. De un salto el nuevo hombre lobo se dejó ver sin que los perseguidores de las dos mujeres, el hombre herido y el niño no hicieran algo al respecto. Thad se forzó a sí mismo a no caer inconsciente mientras esas bestias peleaban, el nuevo lobo tenía un pelaje café que parecía recordar la tonalidad del cabello castaño, su rostro aunque deformado por el cambio monstruoso que producía por la maldición de la luna era alargado y el pelaje formaba unas especies de patillas que cerraban el contorno de la cara. Era una criatura salvaje y poderosa aunque el pelaje que salía entre la ropa rasgada dejaba ver algunos mechones grises, tal vez se trataba de un lobo maduro. ¿Quién podría ser? Se preguntó Fossey, la gitana había contado algunas cosas sobre los malditos por mordida de la bestia ¿quién sería el pobre hombre que ahora se enfrentaba a los demás? La señorita Conliffe no perdía detalle de la forma de ataque de la nueva bestia, se enfrentaba contra los otros como si los odiara a muerte ¿acaso no eran de la misma especie? ¿Acaso podía haber diferencias entre esas criaturas? El hombre lobo de pelaje castaño parecía no preocuparse de lo que su grupo de espectadores pensara, estaba más ocupado dándoles una paliza a los perseguidores de esos viajeros. De un zarpazo le destrozo la mandíbula al primero que ensangrentado siguió peleando hasta que de una mordida terrible le partió el cuello. El cuerpo de un hombre de cabello negro y abundante bello en los fuertes brazos cayó al suelo a los pies del hombre lobo nuevo. Solo ver esto los otros dos lobos que acompañaran en su persecución al caído lanzaron un grito de furia salvaje a la luna para lanzarse una vez más contra el recién llegado, uno de los dos que quedaban le dio tal mordida por la parte trasera del hombro que el lobo con pelaje gris aulló de dolor solamente para sujetarlo con las zarpas, lanzarlo hacia adelante, la bestia chocó contra un árbol quedando algo atontado por el momento, el nuevo aprovechó la situación para desgarrarlo por la mitad dejando caer al suelo un mar de entrañas. Tía Gwen no pudo evitarlo y grito solo ver el espectáculo dantesco mientras le tapaba los ojos a Fossey para que no viera más sangre. El último lobo solo ver que sus compañeros habían caído lanzó un gruñido amenazante pero salió disparado hacia las sombras y protección de los árboles. Solo ver que había ganado ese enfrentamiento el hombre lobo que quedó en ese lugar lanzó el aullido más extraño de victoria que se haya escuchado nunca en esos bosques, parecía que se carcajeaba de la cobardía del que había huido. Thad nunca había visto algo parecido, la mano de la gitana le apretaba con fuerza el hombro del miedo que sentía mientras él no podía separar su mirada de cada uno de los movimientos de esa fascinante bestia. Ésta se sentó sobre sus cuartos traseros respirando con fuerza, bufando en ocasiones mientras parecía estar esperando a que la fogata se apagara. Y cuando se apague- pensó Thad- ¿qué vamos a hacer? … Fueron las horas más inquietantes que ninguno de ellos había pasado, Fossey no sabía que podrían hacer para salvarse si esa bestia decidía atraparlos, ¿qué iba a ser del señor Thad? ¿Iban a morir? El niño no dejaba de atormentarse pensando en que esa bestia de azules ojos… Un momento ¿azules ojos? ¡Tiene ojos azules!- gritó Fossey Al principio la gitana pensó que eran ocurrencias del pobre niño, las bestias no tenían ojos de color, todos perdían la humanidad al transformarse con la luna llena y solamente tenían la mirada del diablo, una mirada ya fuera café o negra como la de los lobos de las montañas. ¿Azules? La señorita Conliffe enfocó mejor entre la oscuridad y la débil iluminación de la mortecina protección de las llamas encendidas. ¡Dios mío, tiene ojos azules!- gritó a su vez. Ésta vez no hubo duda, el hombre lobo había reaccionado cuando fue descubierto que tenía ojos azules, es más parecía intentar comunicarse de alguna forma, era eso o intentaba distraerlos para devorarlos en cualquier momento. Tan ocupados estaban pensando en su nuevo descubrimiento que tarde se dieron cuenta que las brasas se habían acabado, ahora estaban a merced de la bestia ¿qué debían hacer? ¿correr? ¿esperar la muerte? El hombre lobo no se movió de donde estaba lo que los inquieto más, solamente levantó la cabeza al cielo lo que los demás imitaron. La luna descendía lentamente y a la distancia se vislumbraban los primeros rayos del día ¿Por qué esa bestia no huía? ¿qué era lo que tramaba? Fue la primera vez que Thad vio la transformación de la bestia a su regresó a hombre. La gitana no podía parpadear de la impresión y Fossey no había cerrado la boca en ningún momento, la única que temblaba visiblemente era la señorita Conliffe, ella ya lo había visto y aun peor… sabía quién era la bestia que terminaba de regresar a su forma original frente a ellos. ¿Inspector Aberline?- musitó Gwen- ¿Es usted? Ahora encogido sobre sí mismo por el dolor de la transformación no se encontraba la bestia que terminara con los otros dos hombres lobo hacía unas horas, quien se levantó fue el antiguo Inspector de la Policía, aun con sus patillas y barba marcando su rostro, sus ojos azules no se habían perdido aun cuando la humanidad lo abandonaba a causa de la mordida del heredero de la casa Talbot, no, aun estaba ahí quién se enfrentara en Black Moor a Sir John y Lawrence Talbot. El tiempo solamente se hacía presente en el cabello castaño con algunos mechones de gris en la revuelta cabellera de Francis Aberline. Señorita Conliffe- saludó con su marcado acento inglés- ha pasado mucho tiempo… Continuara…[Chapter 7] ¡Feliz Navidad y año Nuevo! Muchísimas gracias por haberme acompañado a lo largo de este año en mi amado fanfiction así como mil y un gracias a todos los que escriben por las historias que nos han regalado y con las cuales he pasado tantos momentos de felicidad leyendo al filo del asiento así como esperando sus actualizaciones. Lo mejor en este año 2012 que está a unas cuantas horas (tiempo de México) de llegar, que todas sus metas y propósitos se logren que sé así será. La siguiente frase no es mía pero siempre me tener una sonrisa así que espero sea de su agrado: \"Sueña y apunta a la luna aun si fallas siempre acertarás a las estrellas\" ¡Nos leemos el próximo año chics! Tavata[Chapter 8] ATHRO Señorita Conliffe- saludó con su marcado acento inglés- ha pasado mucho tiempo… Para asombro de todos, el inspector se puso de pie para caminar hacia donde estaban, la señorita Conliffe se levantó a su vez precavida de que el inspector intentará hacer algo en contra de ellos, al parecer Aberline también había entendido el repentino movimiento de la señorita Conliffe ya que con una media sonrisa giro su rostro hacia la dama inglesa. Por favor, señorita Conliffe- continuó hablando Abeline- solo intento mostrarme de una forma más presentable, inesperadamente ustedes se encuentran junto al árbol donde guardo siempre un cambio de ropa… como puede ver después de cada transformación tengo un aspecto deplorable, el cual no es correcto para un ser \"civilizado\" además de que no es mi gusto andar desnudo. Ahora ¿si me permite? Gwen se giro algo sonrojada, era cierto, las ropas desgarradas del antiguo policía de Scotland Yard mostraban más de lo que una dama decente podía permitirse ver en un caballero inglés. El inspector Aberline tuvo paso libre hasta el tronco del árbol donde en el hueco central sacó un fajo de tela, con una inclinación de cabeza se fue hacia atrás del tronco para que le sirviera de un enorme biombo para cambiarse a gusto de ropa. ¿Puedo preguntar a qué debo tan amable visita, señorita Conliffe?- preguntó elevando la voz desde atrás del árbol. ¡Esto era inaudito! ¿Estaba acaso bromeando Aberline? Pero… pero…- musitaba sin entender Gwen- su carta… yo… ¿Mi carta?- habló Aberline asomando finalmente su cabeza aun con el cabello algo alborotado- ¿y yo por qué le escribiría alguna epístola a usted, señorita Conliffe? Francis Aberline regresó al frente del árbol completamente vestido colocándose a la altura de las dos damas y el chico; Fossey se hizo a un lado temiendo que se girara y lo pisara, Aberline solamente le dirigió una rápida mirada. ¿Es su hijo?- preguntó a Gwen sin mirarla, Aberline no dejaba de ver al americano herido- No, huele como usted, pero no las edades no corresponden. La gitana se hizo a un lado sin importarle dejar caer a Thad al quitarle su apoyo, no podía soportar estar tan cerca de Aberline, él era uno de tantos malditos por la luna. El inspector se sonrió con una mueca de superioridad cuando la hija de Maleva se hizo a un lado, parecía que la gitana iba a decir algo cuando el gemido de dolor escapó de los labios de Thad; había sido demasiado para el pobre, el dolor y el cansancio lo habían derrotado, lo último que vio antes de ser abrazado por las sombras fue la carita preocupación de Fossey y tía Gwen que se acercaba rápidamente a él… Ya veo…-musitó Aberline al ver a Thad inconsciente- está maldito… ¡El señor Thad no está maldito!- le gritó Fossey olvidándose del temor que le inspiraba el inspector Aberline. Tú no hueles como él o como la señorita Conliffe- comentó el inspector- no pueden ser hermanos o tú padre… ¿Podría explicar qué está sucediendo aquí, señorita Conliffe? Thadeus es mi sobrino, le pedí su ayuda después de recibir una carta de su procedencia inspector Aberline- explicaba Gwen mientras atendía a Thad- como puede ver, Thad está herido por protegernos en el tren de las bestias… Lo más humano sería acabar con su miseria ahora mismo- gruñó la gitana- pero ya que prefieren verlo sufrir, lo primero que tenemos que hacer es curar esa fea herida… ¿En medio del bosque?- Aberline negó con la cabeza- Si la herida se infecta morirá antes de que puedan llevarlo al pueblo más cercano. Señorita Conliffe si desea salvarle lo mejor es llevarle a Black moore, usted sabe que no está lejos y los supersticiosos aldeanos no se acercarían ahí aunque la vida de sus hijos dependiera de ello. ¿Y cómo propone que lo llevemos a la casa maldita?- preguntó la gitana. Como toda respuesta, Aberline tomó a Thad entre sus brazos y lo cargo como si se tratara de un niño pequeño, no cabía duda de que la fortaleza de la bestia estaba presente en el inspector aun cuando éste regresara a su condición humana. Fossey no estaba seguro si le temía, respetaba o comenzaba a sentir una extraña admiración por el inspector que podía cambiar de hombre a monstruo… … Siguieron el río donde hacia tanto tiempo Lawrence le enseñara a lanzar piedras al agua a Gwen, pasaron la cripta de la familia Talbot donde ahora el último heredero de la antigua casa descansaba, la señorita Conliffe no pudo evitar sentirse invadida por la pena infinita de saber que ahí estaba su amado Lawrence… Finalmente la mansión de Sir Jhon los recibió, estaba abandonada a su suerte, un lugar maldito para una familia maldita… El mejor lugar para esconderse. Aun podían verse los restos quemados del frente, en todo ese tiempo nadie se había preocupado en arreglarlo, nadie había osado pisar ese lugar de muerte. La gitana y Fossey cuidaban cada uno de sus pasos precavidos de que en cualquier momento de entre las sombras el peligro les saltara a la cara. La mañana ya estaba muy avanzada cuando llegaron a la mansión y aunque lo mejor hubiera subir a Thad a las habitaciones de los antiguos amos, Gwen prefirió que todos descansaran en el piso bajo, la jornada había sido demasiado larga y todos estaban extenuados, todos excepto Aberline quien en todo el camino a la mansión no había abierto la boca para proferir ni una sola palabra. ¿Qué estaría pensando? Se preguntaba Gwen mientras colocaba otro paño mojado en la afiebrada frente de Thad. Será mejor que descanse- habló finalmente Aberline sorprendiendo a Gwen- señorita Conliffe, no hay nada que pueda hacer para revertir la maldición que ha caído sobre su sobrino, lo lamento mucho…- hizo una pausa- sé que no es agradable lo que sucederá después; pero, tal vez no sea tan malo después de todo. ¿No sea tan malo después de todo?- repitió molesta Gwen- ¡No sea tan malo después de todo! ¡He arruinado la vida de mi sobrino! ¡Creí que usted me había buscado y ahora resulta qué no es cierto! ¿Qué clase de broma cruel es ésta? ¿Qué significa? ¡Por qué a mí! ¡Por qué a nosotros! Tal vez fueron los Otros…- interrumpió Aberline. ¿Los Otros?- intervinó Fossey- ¿Qué son los Otros? ¿Las otras bestias?- se unió a la conversación la gitana. Aberline asintió mientras las dos mujeres y el niño se sentaban en la alfombra cerca de él y Thad inconsciente para escucharle mejor… Continuara… ","Summary":" Incluso un hombre puro de corazón y que reza sus oraciones por la noche puede convertirse en lobo c"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"Blades of Glory 2: Fire on the Ice","Author":"Queen of the Sacred Flames","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5786870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Hi folks, I know I haven't been updating my fanfics (please don't remind me how long it's been -_-;) I've been busy will school and all sorts of projects, so here's something for you to chew on ^_^. This is my first movie-based fanfic so be gentle in reviewing. Also if there are any mistakes you see, or any characters are OOC, please let me know so I can correct it. Summery: The Olympics Committee has changed the rules, allowing Chazz and Jimmy to compete in the 2014 games. Before the games even begin, Chazz encounters an old rival and Jimmy tries to deal with the fact his own daughter can't skate and discovering he has a brother. Passions rein high as the competition heats up the winter games! Some yaoi/slash later Disclaimer: I don't any of the Blades of Glory characters except for my OCs. Blades of Glory 2: Fire on the Ice By Queen of the Sacred Flames Chapter 1 : Return to the Rink \"Breaking news now from the International Olympic Committees,\" the TV news reporter narrated over dramatic Olympic archival footage along with recent feeds of the Olympic committee members meeting and discussing their current decisions. \"International Olympic Committees have decided to change a major rule for figure skating. It now allows for same-sex partners to compete in pairs matches and is set to take effect in time for the 2014 winter games in London. Several committee members have stated their decision was influenced by the recent firestorm surrounding the infamous pair Chazz Michael Michaels and Jimmy MacElroy, who attempted to sign up for the USA team but were denied because the rules stated that only a lady and a man may skate in Olympic pairs. In other words, a male and female, not male and femalely-male.\" the narrator moaned and mumbled, \"God, who writes these things...\" Then he realized he was still on the air and cleared his throat, \"Ahem, supporters of Michaels and MacElroy have protested the Olympics, expressing the rules are too strict as to what sexes can compete in the pairs. Abraham Holigan, Olympic figure skating historian had this to say,\" The screen cut to a dusty college-professor-type man, who explained in a drawling monotone voice, \"This might actually be a good thing on part of the athletes and the ratings of the televised Olympics. This allows for more diverse pairs to compete and even create more competition. As far as ratings, this might generate more interest in the Olympics and help it cater to a wider niche.\" \"Others are not so sure,\" said the new narrator, \"Some believe that allowing same-sex pairs will lower the standard of the Olympic games and may eventually lead to mixed male-female team sports. Other I've interviewed have even gone as far as saying that allowing 'gays' to compete on an international stage is flat out wrong. But I've recently interviewed some of the incoming same-sex pairs for the 2014 games and have been pleasantly surprised that a few of the incoming pairs are brother-brother and sister-sister teams.\" Scene cuts to an interview with sister-sister pair, twins named Ae Cha and Ae Sook Gyeong translated by an off-screen translator, \"We are so pleased to be able to compete together as sisters. We have been skating together since we were little girls, so it feels natural to compete together as a pair.\" \"Wow twins, now that's hot.\" said Chazz as he watched the news of the breaking news coverage in the living room. The sound of humming could be heard from the bathroom nearby. \"Hey goldilocks, other people have to use the bathroom too. And by 'other people' I mean me!\" \"Just give me a minute.\" Jimmy shouted back, then resumed brushing his famous golden locks with a whale bone brush Chazz had bought him his past birthday, \"97, 98, 99, 100.\" then Jimmy set the brush down and took a good long look at himself in the mirror. He had let his short, curly look grow out. It was now exactly 7 and 3/4 inches in length, just the way he always wanted. It took him years, many bottles of Mane And Tail shampoo, a special herb blend formulated only by amazon women from a remote village in China, and deep scalp massage to get his hair to grow fast and in such fullness. In a strange way, this was sort of a rebellion against his adopted father, Darren MacElroy, who legally disowned him prior to his partnership with Chazz. He would never let Jimmy grow out his hair; it would create drag and cut down on his skating speed. It wasn't until this recent reemergence in mainstream fame that Jimmy began to feel burning resentment against him, and it only grew worst when he started receiving phone messages from him, asking Jimmy if he wanted to be re-adopted, if such a thing was possible. Jimmy always hung up on him, but then came the text messages, emails, and good old-fashioned snail mail, all of which had deleted in various manners. Finally the messages stopped, and Jimmy was relieved. Darren, the only parent he ever knew other than the nuns that raised him in the orphanage, left him on the side of the road after being stripped of the gold metal after his first fight with Chazz. Now, after years of having his adopted father's voice echo in the back of his head, dictating his every move and gesture, Jimmy was taking control of his life, doing things his way, the way he wanted. He even stopped using hand sanitizers (which always made his hands dry anyway) upon which he experienced his first cold (not pleasant at all). Chazz and his new wife Katie Van Waldenberg helped him recover. At least Katie understood his predicament with his father; her family wasn't so wonderful either. She refused to visit or communicate her psychotic brother and sister, both of whom were admitted to a psychiatric facility after a number of years in jail, except to mail them photographs of herself having fun with her new family, secretly hoping it would drive them into a debilitating state of madness. Chazz on the other hand, didn't understand much at all, for he didn't have a family. In a sad way, Jimmy envied Chazz, ignorance is bliss. \"Dude, you should cut your hair,\" Chazz said, seeming to suddenly appear behind Jimmy. He gave Jim's hair a tug, \"You're starting to look like Bowie when he was a chick.\" \"Hey! Don't pull it! ... Wait, Bowie was a chick?\" \"I don't know,\" Chazz stepped in front of the toilet. \"All I know is I gotta piss and you're taking too damn long.\" Jimmy of course quickly stepped out of the bathroom so Chazz could do his business, only to get the knocked to the ground. \"Daddy!\" the little girl squealed as she tackled Jimmy. \"Oh, hello sweetie,\" Jimmy said as he picked up his daughter, Jessica, and got up off the floor. Jessica, although only 5 years old, was strong and smart for her age; she got top marks in school and was spoiled by her father but humbled by her mother, who taught her to appreciate everything that came her way. Her only flaw, she couldn't skate to save her life. Jessica was a genetic irony, her father was a champion figure skater who was sure athletics ran in his pedigree considering how perfect his body was, and her mother came from a family of Olympic skiers and skaters. Jimmy tried to teach her himself whenever he could, but when he was training Katie took her to a local ice skating class. Jimmy promised himself he wouldn't cry the one time he watched his little girl barely stand in her skates while the rest of the class had already progressed to practicing spins and twirls. \"How was class today?\" Jimmy asked. \"Not good.\" Katie said. \"Why, what happened?\" Jimmy put Jessica down so she could stand in front of him. \"Mary Jones said I had a fat ass, that's why I keep falling down.\" Jessica said. \"Well that's not nice of her to say that,\" Jimmy replied, \"Did you tell her to stop?\" \"No, I punched her in the face!\" said Jessica, almost proud that she did it. \"Jessie!\" Jimmy scolded, \"How many times have we told you, you shouldn't punch people, it leaves a bad impression. Fighting doesn't solve anything; it only gets you stripped of your gold medal.\" \"It also got her kicked out of the class, for the third time.\" her mother said. \"I don't think they'll forgive her a fourth time. I'm just glad I managed to convince Mary's mother not to sue us.\" Jimmy kneeled down in front of Jessica, \"Jessie, maybe we should stop these classes,\" \"What?\" Jessica exclaimed. \"But I want to skate! I want to be a skater like you daddy!\" \"I... I just don't think you're cut out to be a figure skater.\" Jimmy said gently. It broke his heart that his little girl wasn't talented like him, but it had to be said. \"Maybe you can be something else, like a teacher, or a scientist... something not athletic...\" Tears welled up in her eyes, \"It's not fair!\" And suddenly Jessica punched the nearby wall out of anger. \"Jessica!\" Katie was shocked. Jessica left a small crack in the wall, impressive for a 5 year old girl, but her mother wasn't pleased, \"You go up to your room, right now.\" Tearfully, Jessica ran up the stairs to her room, and collapsed on her bed, crying. Katie sighed, \"Who did she inherit her anger from?\" \"Well, not from my side of the family, that's for sure,\" Jimmy said. Chazz, who came out of the bathroom and heard most of the conversation decided to put his two cents in, \"How do you know Jim? You're an orphan. You don't know squat about your family.\" Chazz of course hadn't realized what he said was a blow to Jimmy; it was true he was an orphan he had no idea who his family was. The only family he had was the nuns from the orphanage and the sorry excuse of an adopted father who didn't treat him as a son but as a performing poodle. He had no family. Pretty much in the same manner as his daughter, Jimmy ran upstairs, and collapsed on his bed, crying. Katie gave Chazz a look. Chazz couldn't decipher the look, \"What?\" Katie continued to glare at him. Chazz decided to mimic her look and glare back. The glaring contest went on for 5 long minutes, until Chazz blinked. \"Dammit!\" Katie's glare was bearing down on him. \"Okay, okay, I'll go apologize, enough with the evil eye already.\" Chazz climbed the stairs, and entered Jimmy's room. Chazz sat next to Jimmy's whimpering form, whose face was buried in a pillow. \"Look man, I'm sorry, okay. It was wrong, mean, insensitive, and all that crap that I said you were an orphan and you don't know squat about your family. We cool now?\" \"No Chazz, you're right.\" Jimmy hiccupped. \"I'm a lowly, unwanted orphan; even Darren didn't want me!\" \"Here we go...\" Chazz moaned, feeling a sob-storm approaching. \"My parents hated me; that's why they gave me up; Darren hated me, my wife and kid hates me...\" Jimmy blubbered into the tear-soaked pillow. \"Nobody hates you.\" Chazz tried to reassure his feminine partner. \"And even if they did, you still got me.\" That only made Jimmy sob harder, which in turn made Chazz pinch the bridge of his nose and sigh like Peter Griffin from \"Family Guy\" when he encounters Buzz-Killington. \"You know what Jim, I give up. I apologized, so my job is done. When you're done let me know if you got the tickets to London yet, I want a window seat.\" He gets up to leave, but then turns and says, \"Oh and do me a favor and try not to kill yourself over this emotional crap because it's impossible to get a partner at the last minute.\" then he leaves, leaving Jimmy to wallow in his puddle of self-pity. Meanwhile, elsewhere... A taxi pulled up to the front gates of a glorious mansion. The rider paid the driver and told him to wait because he wasn't going to be long, stepped out of the vehicle, and stood before the black iron gates. Labeled on the embellished mailbox read the name of the residence, \"Darren MacElroy\". The man pushed open the enormous iron gates, a great effort for a normal man but effortless for this one, for he was burly and muscular. He walked the length of the driveway and reached the front door and knocked heavily. A foreign maid answered the door, her eyes widened at the sight of the man. He wore a denim jacket and jeans, leather boots, white shirt, and cowboy hat. \"My name is Derek, I'm looking for a Mr. MacElroy.\" his voice was rough, save for some hint of a past Texan accent. \"Oh, Señor MacElroy busy training son.\" said the maid, struggling a bit with her English. \"I was hoping for a chance to meet him, could you take me to him?\" He asked her in fluent Spanish. She sighed in relief and welcomed him inside, and warned him \"He doesn't like to be disturbed,\" \"That's okay, I won't be long,\" he reassured her as she led him into the mansion. As they progress through the home, he noticed the rooms were more like fitness facilities, most of them had children training rigorously on sophisticated and expensive equipment. \"Are all these Mr. MacElroy's children?\" \"Every few years, Mr. MacElroy adopts one and trains him to be an athlete.\" \"Sounds like a real lucrative business...\" said Derek, some contempt laced in his words. They entered a room that was mostly treadmills and other cardio equipment. In the center of the room was the man he was looking for, along with an African boy who was jumping rope at lightening speed. Darren MacElroy was urging him to go even faster, he only stopped when he noticed another presence in the room, \"May I help you?\" The boy took this opportune moment to stop and catch his breath, but Darren noticed, \"I didn't tell you to stop.\" and the boy immediately resumed his rope-jumping, \"You want to beat Usain Bolt, you got to build yourself up until you can run like the Roadrunner with his ass-feathers on fire.\" \"Mr. MacElroy, Derek,\" the maid introduced the two. Derek shook his hand firmly. \"I'm hoping perhaps you can help me.\" \"I'm sorry, but I only train kids,\" said Darren. \"You look like a strong guy, but I like to get them when they're puppies and build them up into greyhounds.\" \"No, no, I'm looking for someone, you might have heard of him,\" Derek pulled a folded magazine picture out of his pocket and handed it to Darren. Darren the image and immediately recognized the blond-hair blue-eyed athlete he raised from a skinny orphan child into a star skater, only to discard him like a used tissue. He handed the picture back to Derek, \"Sorry, I can't help you. I haven't spoken to Jimmy in say, 5, 6 years, I forget how many. Not like I didn't try. He wouldn't answer my calls or any of my messages. I was willing to give him a second chance, but he was stubborn. He was never stubborn before, I think that Chazz Michael Michaels is a bad influence on him. Jimmy used to be so gentle and submissive. I can only imagine what that animal is filling his perfect blonde head with. But then again I can't blame Michaels either, maybe Jimmy was just a bad egg and I didn't see it coming.\" Derek clenched his fists, Darren didn't notice. \"Once a bad egg, always a bad egg,\" \"ENOUGH!\" Derek suddenly grabbed Darren by his collar and lifted him up into the air. The maid screamed and the African boy was so shocked that he tripped over the jump rope and fell flat on his face. \"You're not to say another word against Jimmy, you hear me!\" Anger burned in his eyes and was reflected in his voice. \"Yes-yes, loud and clear!\" Darren struggled against Derek's fist, whose knuckles were pressing into his throat. \"Now put me down, or I'll have you arrested!\" \"Tell me where Jimmy is, you disgusting turd.\" Derek growled. \"I don't know where he is!\" Darren yelled. \"I told you, I haven't spoken to him in years. I could care less about where he is anymore!\" \"He's in London!\" Darren, Derek, and the maid all turned their attention to the African boy, who had picked himself off the floor. \"London?\" Derek asked. \"You sure kid?\" \"Yes, on the radio, they mentioned that Jimmy MacElroy and his partner were going to London for the Olympics.\" The African boy whimpered, afraid that Derek might hurt his adopted father. Derek stared at the boy for a moment, the kid seemed honest enough, and it seemed to make sense that is where Jimmy might be. He dropped Darren… literally. THUD \"Ow…\" Derek glowered at Darren, \"You make me sick,\" and he spit in his eye. Derek then turned and marched out of the mansion. He continued on down the driveway, up to the iron gates and was about to board the taxi, only to find an empty road. On the ground was a slip of paper. Derek picked up the paper, which read: Sorry, waited a while but you didn't show, have a nice day :) Derek hated it when people added that last part. Derek seldom had nice days, and today was not a nice day. But things would soon change, deep inside he knew. 'Don't worry Jim, when I find you, things are gonna be alright… now, just how far is the airport from here?' he pondered as he started walking down the asphalt road. AN: Hope you like that. More on the way! Please R&R;, reviews motivate me![Chapter 2] AN: And now to comment on the reviews Insane Blood Prince – To answer your question, Jimmy is just thinking irrationally in his hysterical-crying-state, he knows Katie and Jessica don't hate him. Cookies for you for reviewing! :) OhSoRadical. – Of course I'll continue this fic, just for you ;) And now, on with the show! Disclaimer: I don't any of the Blades of Glory characters except for my OCs. Blades of Glory 2: Fire on the Ice By Queen of the Sacred Flames Chapter 2 : Destination England Inside a dim training hall in Toyko, Japan, a man stood before a wooden mannequin. Taped to the mannequin's blank face was a picture of Chazz Michael Michaels, smiling and winking for the lady who had taken the photo. The man, Kenji Katsuya, wearing only skin-tight spandex pants and a pair of ice skates, stared in a faux-calm at the mannequin; but behind those almond-shaped eyes kindled an angry fire. Kenji took a fighting stance, tense silence hung in the air. Then, in the blink of an eye, Kenji cried out, leaped and spun, and slashed the mannequin with one of his skate blades in a beautiful blend of ice skating and martial arts technique. Kenji landed and then fired off a barrage of kicks and spins, using his skate blades like daggers. The kicks increased in speed and fluency, creating a sort of strange dance as splinters of wood and fragments of the magazine page rained to the floor. After one final, dramatic spinning kick, Kenji landed and posed, as one would at the end of an ice skating set. Breathing heavy, Kenji observed his work. The mannequin was now mostly a pile of splinters. All that was left standing was a matchstick-thin wooden core and the head on top with the picture of Chazz winking. Kenji growled as he laid eyes on the picture of man he loathed, it was as though Chazz was standing there, taunting him. Kenji turned and walked across the training hall, balancing himself on the skate blades as walked. Then he suddenly stopped, lifting his leg and detached the blade from his skate, spun around and threw the blade as though it were a shiruken (or 'ninja throwing star' for those of you not fluent in ninja weaponry). The skate blade cut through the air and embedded itself between Chazz's eyes. \" Mark my word Chazz Michael Michaels,\" Kenji said in venomous Japanese, \"You shall rue the day you crossed Kenji Katsuya, Champion of Martial Arts Figure Skating.\" *** Chazz rubbed his forehead as he sat beside Jimmy on the plane to London with the rest of Team USA. \"I suddenly have a headache, you got any Anacin?\" \"What?\" Jimmy asked, he wasn't paying attention, he was busy basking in the warm glory of being part of the best team in the world, Team USA, the patriotism was infectious; not to mention the fancy team jackets, Jimmy loved the new jackets. \"Anacin? You got any Anacin?\" \"What's Anacin?\" \"What's Anacin?\" Chazz mimicked him. \"What are you stupid? Its aspirin with caffeine,\" \"Sorry, excuse me for not being an Encyclopedia Medica.\" Ever since winning the gold together at the World Winter Games years back, Jimmy and Chazz became close friends, but there were times, like now, where Chazz would eat at his nerves. Chazz had moved in with Jimmy and Katie when they decided to train for the Olympics. Not a good move, especially because around the same time, Chazz's Sex Addict counselor, Taylor, was administering a new technique on his patients, sex fasts. The idea was to stay away from anything that could incur arousal of any degree, a total 'withdrawal' of sorts. This was extremely difficult for Chazz since almost anyone female and marginally hot would 'incur arousal'. Chazz was even prevented from 'interfering with himself' as Taylor put it, in order to compensate. Ever since, Chazz has been cranky and grumpy. Kind-hearted Jimmy thought he could give his friend support during this difficult time, but also drew the line about 'trying anything' with Katie. The few occasions Chazz tried to cop a feel, Katie would punish him (usually with a frying pan or a can of mace). Chazz eventually got the hint. Jimmy never heard Chazz recite the \"Sex Addict's Prayer\" so many times. Even at night, when Jimmy and Katie tried making love, Chazz would always hear it in the next room and start pounding on the walls and blast Black Eyed Peas music on his stereo, instantly killing the mood. Apparently if Chazz couldn't, no one could. Needless to say, the tension was building. Jimmy had the feeling that before they even got to their hotel room Chazz was going to jump the next woman he saw. \"Is something wrong gentlemen?\" a stewardess asked; a phony smile etched her pretty face. \"Yeah, my friend is in pain.\" Jimmy told her. \"Actually,\" Chazz perked up, in more ways than one. \"I've got this hot, burning sensation in my pants, and it seems to be growing by the minute,\" he rubbed his inner thigh suggestively as he asked in a sultry voice, \"Anything you can do to remedy it?\" The stewardess smiled seductively, she was, to put it bluntly, quite horny (for some reason, stewardesses always are), \"Why don't we go in the back and I'll assist you more in a more… intimate fashion.\" And with that, Chazz and the stewardess disappeared into the back of the plane. Jimmy sighed in relief, knowing they wouldn't come back for a while. \"USA! USA! USA!\" Jimmy nearly jumped out of his skin. It was the hockey team; they've been chanting the USA chant from time to time since take off. Jimmy was as patriotic as the next guy, but this was starting to get annoying. Jimmy turned to the hockey players behind him and asked politely, \"Excuse me, but maybe you can tone it down a little?\" \"Why don't you turn it down pretty boy!\" \"Hey, shut up!\" Jimmy retorted. \"Or what? You gonna sissy slap me?\" Jimmy turned away and sunk into his seat, embarrassed as the hockey players laughed at him. \"Aww, did we make the little girl cry?\" one of the hockey players, Karl, sneered. \"Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair!\" another hockey player, Steve, recited as he grabbed a hold of Jimmy's golden locks and pulled. \"OW! Why does everybody keep doing that?\" Jimmy whimpered in pain. \"What are you, five? Pulling peoples hair?\" \"How about I punch you in your pretty face instead?\" Karl growled. \"You really think I'm pretty?\" Jimmy batted his eyelashes at Karl, \"Sorry, despite the rumors, I don't swing that way.\" Karl decided to swing at him instead, and Jimmy dodged. \"This is why I never liked hockey, it make people violent.\" Jimmy stated \"Hockey's a real mans sport,\" said Steve, \"But what do you know, you're practically a girl anyway.\" Steve said. \"How about we make him into a girl and beat his balls off!\" Karl suggested. \"Did you just say 'beat my balls off'?\" Jimmy asked quizzically. \"Hey! You messing with my bro?\" they all turned and saw Chazz standing there, glaring at them. He seemed refreshed after that 'romp' with the stewardess. \"You mess with Jim, you mess with me,\" the bullies started snickering. \"Aw, look Jim-Jim, your boyfriend's come to your rescue.\" And with that, Chazz punched him in the face, which was followed by a brawl and a chant of \"Fight! Fight! Fight!\" from the surrounding players. \"Alright, alright, break it up!\" A man dressed in a suit (the 'inconspicuous' air marshal) got up and tried to separate Chazz and Karl. But the fight only escalated, so the marshal did his military duty by tazering Chazz. Chazz convulsed violently and collapsed into his seat, twitching and foaming at the mouth. \"Hey wait, why'd you tazer him?\" Jimmy protested, \"He was only—\" and the marshal tazered Jimmy as well, and he collapsed along side his partner, twitching and foaming. *** \"Chazz, stop snickering,\" Jimmy was fuming as they lagged behind the rest of the USA team as they walked though the London airport terminal. \"I can't help it.\" Chazz choked out between giggles. \"Its not funny.\" Jimmy gritted his teeth. \"Yes it is.\" Jimmy whipped around to face his partner with a stylish (although angry) grace. \"You find this amusing?!\" Jimmy pointed to his ruined blonde locks. The tazer had literally fried his hair, turning it into an unruly blonde afro. \"Actually… yah! You look funky!\" Chazz laughed. \"Yeah, well, what about you!\" Jimmy pointed out that Chazz's once-curly-hair matched Jimmy's. \"Unlike you, I make this look good.\" Chazz did a John-Travolta-Saturday-Night-Fever pose. \"Maybe this can be out new routine!\" \"No! No disco!\" Jimmy wailed. \"Yeash, calm down princess,\" Chazz smirk. \"You PMSing or what?\" \"If I weren't a pacifist, I'd kick your ass!\" Jimmy retorted. \"So as a pacifist you're passin-the-fist?\" Chazz joked and then imitated a rim-shot. Jimmy and the whole USA team groaned at the bad joke. ' Katie, Jessica, I hope you get here soon, I don't think I can handle this much longer. ' Jimmy thought sadly. *** Meanwhile, elsewhere…. Three children, two boys and a girl were standing on a beach, looking out at the ocean. \"I heard from Mickey that if you stand here long enough, a sea monster will come out of the ocean and gobble you up!\" said one boy, Seamus. \"Don't be stupid, there's no such thing as sea monsters.\" said the other boy, Roy. \"Then what's that?\" the girl, Sara asked, pointing out to the water. A large green lump was rising out of the water and lumbering towards them. The children screamed and turned to run, only to trip over each other and landed in the sand. The giant lump of seaweed lumbered closer and closer, the children screamed when the monster was right in front of them. The monster pulled off a chunk of seaweed, revealing a human face. Then he shook off the rest of the sea vegetation. It was Derek. \"Excuse me kids, you know where the Olympic stadium is?\" The kids sat in shock staring at the strange man. Finally Sara spoke up, \"Um that's in England sir… you're in Scotland.\" Derek stood there for a moment, comprehending the little girl's comment. Holding back his anger, he tipped his hat (which it was amazing it was still on his head) and said, \"Thanks darling,\" and turned and dived back into the water and swam for England… \"You think we should have told him England was the other way?\" Seamus asked as they watched Derek swim in the wrong direction. AN: Hope you enjoyed that. Don't worry, why Derek is swimming to England will be revealed later.[Chapter 3] AN: Yay! More reviews! Keep them coming, they keep me going :) OhSoRadical. – Glad I can be of service ;) And sorry about the long delay, life keeps me really busy ^_^; And now, on with the show! Disclaimer: I don't any of the Blades of Glory characters except for my OCs. Blades of Glory 2: Fire on the Ice By Queen of the Sacred Flames Chapter 3 : Ice Cream Moments Jimmy was fuming. In fact, he couldn't recall the last time he was so pissed off at Chazz (save for when he was first stripped of his gold metal). He had forgiven him for the incident on the plane, but what he did after that was unforgivable. After Jimmy and Chazz were established in the Olympic village, they met Katie and Jessica at the airport and brought them to the stadium in time for the opening ceremonies. During the Parade of Nations was when the trouble started. As the US team walked, Chazz decided to take it upon himself to declare (at the top of his lungs) that Team USA was the best team on the planet and that they were going to kick all the other countries asses. This didn't sit too well with the other teams. Then Chazz somehow got into a fight with the Russian team, in which he insulted their ballet and their fuzzy hats. When the other teams tried to break up the fight, it only added to the chaos, turning the stadium into World War III. And to top it all off, Chazz, knocked over the Olympic torch and set the mascot on fire (not again!). When the mayhem was extinguished, Chazz and Jimmy (for some reason they believed Jimmy was to blame as well) were taken to a holding chamber and were reprimanded by the president of the Olympics Committee himself. He told them if they didn't 'contain themselves' he was going to personally ship them back to the US in matchboxes. They also were scolded by the entire US team (especially by the hockey team and their hockey sticks). Katie and Jessica tried to comfort Jimmy, but Katie told Jessica that if would be best if Jimmy and Chazz worked it out on their own (and she'd have an ambulance on hold just in case). \"I don't know why you're bitchin' over this.\" Chazz stated as Jimmy glared flaming-hot-daggers at him. \"Those damned Russians started it!\" \"No Chazz, YOU started it.\" Jimmy was angry. Not upset, not weepy, but flat out angry. It was rather a new experience for Jimmy; Darren never let him get angry; after all, it caused wrinkles. \"You just had to open your big fat stupid mouth. You couldn't just walk and wave like the rest of us. No, you have to be the center of the world, don't ya? Well guess what, now the whole damn world knows ya, and it almost got us kicked off the team! AGAIN!\" Chazz was silent for a moment, studying Jimmy's red, sweating face, \"Dude, chill, take a Valium.\" Jimmy unclenched his fists and sighed, his anger ebbing, \"Don't care about anyone but yourself?\" \"What does that have to do with anything?\" Chazz hated it when Jimmy got like this, all mushy and girly. Jimmy looked at Chazz sadly, \"You really had me fooled. I thought you actually cared, about me and the team. You haven't changed at all.\" Again Chazz went silent, staring at Jimmy quizzically, \"Man, I have no idea what you're talking about.\" \"It figures,\" Jimmy grabbed his coat, and started for the door. \"The hell you going?\" Chazz inquired. \"Out,\" Jimmy stated; sadness heavy in his voice, \"I need some air.\" Chazz watched as Jimmy walked out, wandering aimlessly out of the Olympic Village. ' Damn it Jim, ' Chazz thought, ' Why can't you just say what you mean, and not get so wishy-washy about it. ' Chazz would only admit to himself that he was a little frightened, Jimmy was actually angry; he had never seen that before. Of course he would never show his fear, Chazz wasn't supposed to fear anyone. But what did Jim have to be angry about? Okay, so he got into a little brawl at the opening ceremonies, big deal, no one got hurt (except for the guy in the mascot costume, but it was only minor burns). Chazz didn't understand why Jimmy got so worked up about these competitions anyway. They were practically shoe-ins; after all, Coach taught them the Iron Lotus technique, no one could up that one. But still, a small part of him, worried about Jimmy, and hoped that this didn't put a permanent rift in their friendship. But the majority of him just wanted to get out of this dull village and seek out the nearest bar before all the good chicks were taken. Jimmy sat in the park on a bench. People walked passed him, excited about the Olympics and gossiping about the brawl that took place at the opening ceremonies. \"Well, what did you expect from those bloody Americans?\" one British man stated to his friend as they walked passed Jimmy. \"Typical, they have to turn everything into a riot.\" \"And I thought only football games got this exciting.\" His friend replied (and by 'football', he means soccer). Jimmy bowed his head in shame. Great, now they were the butt of gossip. This wasn't how he wanted to be remembered, being the partner of the only Olympic athlete who single-handedly disrupted the opening ceremonies and almost got ousted from a major event for the second time in their career. Why was this happening to him? He was so close to achieving his dreams, and Chazz has to go and bulldoze them with his attention-seeking egomaniac-ism. \"Daijyoubu desuka?\" Not sure if the voice was directed at him, Jimmy lifted his head only slightly. Standing before him was an Asian man no older than himself. He had sparkling green eyes, and long jet black hair, even longer than Jimmy's. \"Daijyoubu desuka?\" the man repeated, and Jimmy relieved he was asking 'Are you OK?' in Japanese, which Jimmy was fluent in. \" Yes, I'm fine, \" Jimmy replied in Japanese. Then he realized why he was being asked that, he must look terrible. He had been crying. \" You shouldn't cry; you'll make yourself hungry. \" The man said. Then the man pulled out a pink bunny plush toy. \" Do you want to hold my bunny? \" Jimmy, who had an affinity for stuffed animals, accepted the toy and hugged it; it made him feel better. \" My name is Suichi, Suzuki Suichi, \" Suichi bowed. He grabbed Jimmy's hand and pulled him off the bench. \" Come on, let's go. \" \" Wait, where are we going? \" Jimmy was a little unsettled at being dragged off so suddenly. \" To get ice cream, it'll cheer you up. \" Suichi replied. He dragged Jimmy to the nearest ice cream cart, where Suichi got a chocolate chip ice cream cone, and Jimmy got strawberry. Suichi smiled as he watched Jimmy, he looked so cute, licking his ice cream, holding the plush bunny, his blue eyes and mane of blonde curls. He looked so young and innocent. \" Did he make you cry? \" Suichi asked. \"Hm?\" Jimmy looked at him in mid-lick. \" You're partner… what's his name… Jazz? \" \" Oh, you mean Chazz, \" Jimmy held the bunny tighter and went silent, the sadness returning. \" If I was your partner, I would never make you cry. \" Suichi said. Surprised by the statement, Jimmy looked at Suichi. \" Smiling suits you better. \" Suichi added. Jimmy was touched at how genuine Suichi sounded. For the first time that day, someone made him feel special and loved. Jimmy blushed, \" Thank you, you're very kind, \" Then he realized how late it was, he should be heading back to the village. \" And thank you for the ice cream, it really helped.\" \" I'm glad; I wouldn't want you to be in a slump when I face you on the ice .\" Suichi said. \" What? Face me? \" \" Yes, I know it's strange, being so kind to you, when in reality we should be rivals. For, you see, \" Suichi ran his fingers through his jet black hair, with dramatic flourish. \" Me and my partner, Kenji Katsuya, represent Japan in the Figure Skating Division. \" \" Wait, you're competing too? \" Jimmy was surprised. \" Yes, but simply because we're competing, doesn't mean we should be enemies. \" Suichi continued, \" I think that's what your friend Jazz fails to realize. \" \" It's Chazz. \" Jimmy mumbled. \" In truth, I felt the way Jazz did as well. I felt my team was the best and I was ready to fight to prove it. \" Suichi went on. \" But when I saw you crying, I realized that this competition isn't about winning or being the best. It's about sportsmanship and realizing you're much part of a bigger world.\" There was silent between them, until Jimmy broke it, \" No offence, but that was really corny. \" Suichi laughed, \" Yes, I realize that now. \" And they both laughed together. Then together they made their way back to the Olympic village, where Suichi walked Jimmy back to his cottage and wished each other goodnight. Jimmy sighed as he entered the cottage, he felt so much better that he didn't even care about facing Chazz or… \"Coach!\" Jimmy was surprised to see Coach in the living room along with Chazz, Katie and Jessica. \"You made it!\" a little giddy from the ice cream, Jimmy threw his arms around Coach. \"Ah! Get off me blondie, what are you, high?\" Coach pushed him off. \"I told ya Coach, he's all mood-swingy,\" said Chazz, \"An hour ago he was acting like an angsty teenage girl, now look at him, holding a bunny and eating ice cream, like he's a two year old.\" Jimmy didn't realize he was still holding the bunny, he had forgotten to give it back to Suichi; he'd have to find him in the morning. \"Well Chazz, you're not exactly the model of maturity are you?\" Katie retorted. \"Katie's right fatass,\" Coach grunted. \"If you're going to keep pulling stunts like you did at the opening ceremonies, then you better quit now. This isn't the World Skating Championships; this is the Olympics, where only serious athletes compete. So you got to at least pretend to have a brain under that thick skull of yours.\" Chazz only pouted in response. Then Coach turned to Jimmy. \"And you, you can't just run off every time Chazz screws up. You got to stick by Chazz, for better or for worse.\" \"I thought I was married to him.\" Katie mumbled. \"Sorry sister, but until that torch burns out, you're gonna have to share your man with him,\" Coach pointed to Chazz. \"Sorry Coach, but like I told ya before, I don't share shit.\" Chazz griped. \"You can keep him Kate.\" \"The feeling is mutual,\" Jimmy said, \"Coach, I can't compete if Chazz isn't going to take this seriously. \"I already told you Jim, stop being a whiney girl and just deal.\" \"Hey, you can't talk to my dad like that!\" little Jessica marched up to Coach and punched him in the knee. \"AII!\" Coach yelped and grabbed his throbbing knee. \"Jessica!\" Katie reprimanded the little girl. \"What's gotten into you?\" \"Check it out MacElroy. Your little girl is tougher than you.\" Chazz laughed. Then Jessica suddenly kicked Chazz in the shin and Chazz wailed in pain. \"That's it young lady.\" Katie picked up the little girl and made her way to the door. \"We're going back to the hotel. Its way passed your bedtime anyway, it's almost midnight.\" Katie opened the front door and was shocked to find a gigantic lump of seaweed…. AN: To be continued! I hope you enjoy this. In the meantime, review![Chapter 4] AN: Yippee! A review! YaoiNaru – Don't worry, I'll keep going ^_^ And thanks to everyone who added me to their Favorite Stories and Story Alerts :) And sorry for the long delay, so I but some extra effort into his chapter; apologies in advance if anyone in the fic is OOC. Prepare for some emotional drama here (some might be due to me watching the entire Junjou Romantica anime series :3) Disclaimer: I don't any of the Blades of Glory characters except for my OCs. Blades of Glory 2: Fire on the Ice By Queen of the Sacred Flames Chapter 4 : Reunion Katie and Jessica jumped back as the giant ball of seaweed rolled through the door and into the living room. Everyone gathered around the giant green lump. Chazz did the only logically thing he could think of… he grabbed the fireplace poker and poked it. The lump jiggled in response. Chazz poked it again. And again it jiggled. Poke-poke Jiggle-jiggle Poke-poke Jiggle-jiggle Then Chazz gave it a good jab, \"OW!\" \"AH!\" Jimmy squealed and jumped into Coach's arms, frightened by the seaweed-lump's cry of pain. Coach promptly dropped Jimmy, THUD \"Owie…\" Then a person exploded out of the giant ball of seaweed, holding his eye. \"The hell is wrong with you?\" the man roared at Chazz. Jimmy got on his hands and knees, \"We're so sorry Mr. Sea Monster! Please don't eat us!\" \"Do I look like a sea monster?\" \"Actually you look like shit.\" Chazz said. Then the man brushed off the remaining seaweed from his face and hat. \"My name is Derek, and I'm looking for Jimmy MacElroy.\" \"Then you'll be wanting the whimpering little girl here who crapped herself.\" Chazz said, referring to Jimmy, who was still on the floor quivering. \"I did not crap myself!\" Jimmy retorted, but then mumbled, \"I may have peed a little but that's the extent of it…\" Then Jimmy looked up at Derek and was shocked to see there were tears in the macho-looking man's eyes. \"Hey, you okay? Chazz poke you that hard?\" Suddenly Derek scooped up Jimmy and practically glomped him. \"I found you! I found you! I can't believe after all these years I've found you!\" \"I'm happy you're happy,\" Jimmy's voice was barely audible, his face squished against Derek's chest. \"But I need oxygen!\" \"Oh, sorry,\" Derek dropped Jimmy, who gasped heavily, \"I'm just so happy I finally could meet you in person. I swam across the Atlantic Ocean from the United States to find you.\" \"You swam here?\" Katie was shocked, as was everybody else. \"Newsflash dude, there's something called an 'airplane'.\" Chazz said. \"What the hell provoked you to swim all the way here?\" Coach asked. \"Well…\" Flashback… \" How much for a plane ticket?\" Derek exclaimed at the airport clerk, who cringed. \"Screw that, I'm swimming there.\" \" But sir, it's thousands of miles away!\" \" I'll take my chances.\" And Derek marched out of the airport. \" But sir!\" the clerk called out, but her manager put his hand on her shoulder and said, \" It's okay; let him go.\" There was a moment of silence before the airport clerk said, \"But you think we should have told him he could take a boat there?\" \"But it doesn't matter,\" Derek said, \"I would have traveled scorching deserts, sweltering rainforests, and even wrestled crocodiles, just to find you.\" \"Yikes, you're more devoted than Hector,\" Jimmy said, then took out a sharpie marker, assuming Derek wanted an autograph, \"Which pec do you want me to sign?\" \"No, that's not what I want,\" Derek said. Jimmy sighed, \"Okay fine, which testicle then?\" \"NO!\" Derek grabbed Jimmy, \"That's not what I want, that's not why I came! I didn't sleep on the backs of dolphins and eat seagulls just to get an autograph!\" \"Then what do you want?\" Jimmy became afraid, unsure of this man's intentions. \"I came to tell you something important.\" Derek loosened his grip, \"I… I'm…\" *** Intense suspenseful moment! *** \"I'm your brother!\" Derek finally managed to say. The silence was almost deafening. Jimmy was too shocked to say anything, the Derek's words replaying over and over in his head. A brother? He had a brother? \"You have a brother?\" Katie looked at Jimmy, \"Then I have a brother-in-law!\" \"And I have an uncle!\" Jessica ran up to Derek and hugged him. Derek was surprised by Jessica, \"And I guess I have a niece.\" \"Man, this belongs on Jerry Springer,\" said Chazz, \"Or Dr. Phil… Not that I watch him or anything like that.\" \"Exactly,\" said Coach, \"Save this drama after the games, as your coach I can't let you get yourself tangled up in this, if you want to win, you can't get involved in this now. You've got to focus.\" \"But coach!\" Katie protested, \"If Derek is really Jimmy's brother—\" \"Big IF sister,\" Coach said, \"How do you know this guy isn't some crackpot looking to embezzle money from your family?\" \"Hey, the 'crackpot' is still in the room,\" Derek interjected, not liking being talked about as though he wasn't there. \"You can't be my brother…\" Jimmy finally said, stepping away from Derek, looking very sad. Jessica let go of Derek and ran to her mother. \"I was told I had no family, that no one knew where I came from or who my family was.\" \"It was a lie,\" Derek said, \"You and I were both lied to.\" He then took out a picture and handed it to Jimmy. Jimmy cautiously accepted the photo and looked at it carefully. His heart nearly skipped a beat when he saw himself in the old photo, he recognized himself even as an infant in the crib, curly blonde locks and all. Standing by the crib was a younger and less muscular version of Derek. Behind him were their parents. \"Okay, how is it even possible that you can be related in any way to Jimmy? You're all macho, like you can crush a can with your big toe, and Jimmy's a fairy princess.\" Chazz said, and then he snatched the photo out of Jimmy's hand. \"Hey!\" Chazz looked at the photo himself, nearly falling over at the sight of Jimmy's parents: his mother was all large and muscular and his father was small, thin and pretty. \"Dude, that's just disturbing.\" \"Give it back!\" Jimmy whined. \"Let me see.\" Katie snatched the picture from Chazz. She and Jessica cooed at the sight of Jimmy as a baby. Jimmy gave up on getting the picture back and turned to Derek. \"Why did our parents give me up?\" Derek's face darkened at the word 'parents'; it seemed to invoke some internal hatred. \"I… don't think I should…\" Derek looked very uncomfortable. \"I can't tell you…\" Color drained from Jimmy's face. \"Can't tell me? Why not!\" Jimmy's voice wavered from angry and hysteria. Here this man came out of the blue, claiming to have risked his life across the ocean to meet him, only to clam-up at the last minute. \"Then why the hell are you here?\" Derek winced at the pitch of Jimmy's voice. In fact, Derek asked himself that question over and over the entire way here, from the very moment he decided to embark on this quest. Why are you doing this? Why invoke pain? \"Because I'm selfish…\" Jimmy was speechless from the reply. \"I wanted to see you up close, to see if you were really alive and well.\" Derek said, his voice cracking a little. \"I wanted to make sure you weren't a dream or just a figment of my imagination…\" Jimmy was confused, having no clue what Derek was talking about. \"Okay fine, you've met him, now you can leave.\" Coach snapped, and ushering Derek towards the door. Coach stole a quick glance back at Jimmy, whose eyes were wide and fearful; he looked like a lost child. Coach didn't mean to sound heartless, but he didn't like the way Derek was upsetting Jimmy, and quite frankly he didn't believe a word he said, photo or no photo. \"No!\" Jimmy grabbed the back of Derek's denim jacket. \"You can't leave, not now.\" Derek stopped, but didn't look at Jimmy. \"Why won't you tell me about our parents?\" \"I didn't come here to talk about them.\" Derek said. \"You can't have expected to have me accept you as my brother and not have asked anything about them.\" \"…maybe…\" Angry, Jimmy surprised everyone by forcing Derek around to face him, \"I demand you tell me everything… right now!\" Frightened by Jimmy's uncharacteristic behavior, Katie tried to calm him down, \"Jim, maybe now isn't the best time; maybe you should wait until morning.\" \"Kate, you don't understand…\" Jimmy's voice was cracking, \"You know what its like to loose parents, but you have no idea what its like to never have had them at all.\" Jimmy's grip on Derek slackened. \"You don't know what its like to have no one, to have no family…\" \"But Jim, you're not alone anymore,\" Katie said. \"You have me; Jessica, Chazz, and Coach… even Derek. We're your family.\" \"Oh, god,\" Chazz cut in, \"I feel like I'm stuck in a Lifetime channel movie,\" Katie rolled her eyes as Chazz left the room. \"Okay,\" Derek finally said. \"I'll tell you.\" Jimmy perked up, wiping the tears from his eyes. \"But I'm warning you, you're not going to like it.\" Derek, Jimmy, Katie, Jessica and Coach moved to the living to hear Derek's story. \"Oh no, not you young lady,\" Katie escorted Jessica out of the room, \"This is grown-up time,\" \"But I want to hear the story!\" Jessica wailed. \"Why don't you go and see what Chazz is up to.\" Katie said. \"He's probably locked in the bathroom with a bikini magazine and making funny noises.\" Jessica said. Katie paled, \"On second thought, just go in Daddy's room and nap on his bed.\" \"Okay,\" Jessica said sadly as she walked away. Katie returned to the living room and sat beside Jimmy. Then, not a moment too soon, Chazz sat next to Katie with a bag of popcorn. Katie was shocked, \"Honestly?\" she said to Chazz, referring to the popcorn. \"What? I'm hungry.\" Chazz said as he munched on a handful of popcorn. \"And besides, you think I'd miss hearing why Jim's parents dumped him like a prom-night-dumpster-baby?\" Katie's response was slapping him upside the head. \"OW! What'd I do?\" When everyone settled down, Derek sighed, trying to think of where to begin and how to express it, \"Jimmy… you, weren't exactly … planned.\" Derek stole a quick glance at Jimmy, who was silent, so he continued. \"Mom and dad were… well I was thrilled, I really wanted to be a big brother. I was looking forward to you more than they were…. Mom was 40 when you were born… doctors said that's why you were premature… and sick…\" Derek sifted in his seat, feeling uncomfortable under Jimmy's gaze. He took a deep breath and continued, \"I was happy when they brought you home. I took good care of you, fed you, gave you medicine, and even changed you a few times… Mom, well, it took a lot of effort for her to love you… and dad, well…\" Derek looked at the floor, \"One day I came home, and you were gone. Your crib, your toys, everything, was gone. I asked them where you were… they told me you'd died. I was shocked because you looked like you were getting better…\" Derek dared to look at Jimmy once more; he looked pale, sick even. \"It wasn't until many years later, when mom died that I helped dad clear out some of her things that I found that photo. I couldn't believe it, for a while I was starting to believe that I just imagined I had a baby brother; but there you were in the picture, and pictures don't lie. I was angry, and asked what really happened to you. Dad finally told me that they had given you up to adoption agency; he said that they didn't want more than one kid. I was so angry, we fought… he had a heart attack… and died.\" Derek clenched his fists, remembering the fight, \"I went to the adoption agency, but they told me they had listed you as having no family and had moved you to an orphanage out in the country, where the fresh air would be good for your health…\" Derek sighed and looked at Jimmy, \"You happy now? I told you everything… not exactly the way I wanted to start off.\" Jimmy sat, speechless; trying to absorb everything he had been told. He had been given up because his parents didn't love him… it would have been better if they died in some horrible accident. But to not love him? How was it possible for a parent to not love their child? A loud snore broke the silence; it was coming from Chazz, who had fallen asleep. Katie elbowed him, which jerked him awake, \"What'd I miss?\" Chazz mumbled sleepily. Coach suddenly stood up, \"I've heard enough,\" he glared at Derek. \"I've heard a lot of bullcrap in my life, but this was king of all crap\" \"But Coach,\" Katie interjected. \"Kate, you can't tell me you actually believe this guy?\" Coach pointed an accusing finger at Derek, \"You believe that Jimmy's parents conveniently 'didn't love him', so they just dumped him at an orphanage because they were too lazy to raise more than one kid?\" \"As sick and disgusting as it sounds,\" Derek said, \"I couldn't believe it myself,\" \"I think its best you leave sir,\" Coach said coldly. Derek was silent, staring at Coach. When he didn't back down, Derek stood up, \"I understand,\" he turned to Jimmy, \"You've got the games ahead Jim, good luck,\" And he made his way to the door, \"I'll be rooting for you, bro.\" Jimmy snapped out of his daze and saw Derek heading for the door. His heart tightened with fear. \"NO!\" Jimmy leaped up, hugging Derek from behind, \"You can't leave, not now,\" tears ran down Jimmy's face, \"You're the only family I have left… please, don't abandon me, like our parents did.\" Derek stiffened at that last comment. Then he put his hand over Jimmy's, \"I won't, I promise,\" Coach pinched the bridge of his nose and signed despairingly, \"Hasn't anyone heard a word I said?\" \"I have Coach,\" Chazz said, \"And to tell you the truth, I don't trust him either,\" Coach was surprised, Chazz actually seemed serious, \"Jimmy's my bro, and no one messes with him but me.\" \"All that aside,\" Coach watched as Katie and Jimmy interacted with Derek. \"We best keep an eye on him. I'll see if I can find out anything, see if he's got a criminal record or anything else unsavory. This is the Olympics; we can't afford anything… unpleasant.\" AN: Woo, that was great, hope you like it too.[Chapter 5] Thanks Detective Inspector Witten for adding me to your favorite stories ^_^ Disclaimer: I don't any of the Blades of Glory characters except for my OCs. Caution : This chapter contains some yaoi/slash themes and some mention of hara-kiri. Blades of Glory 2: Fire on the Ice By Queen of the Sacred Flames Chapter 5 : Duel on the Ice \"I don't want to discuss this any more.\" Jimmy was firm as he finished his breakfast. It was the very next morning; Katie, Jessica, and Derek had gone back to the hotel, and Coach was… well, doing whatever coaches did when they weren't training their athletes. And Chazz was here, arguing with Jimmy about the previous night. And Jimmy was in a cranky mood from lack of sleep. \"I'm serious dude,\" Chazz persisted, \"I don't trust this 'Derek' guy and neither does Coach.\" \"Coach doesn't trust anybody.\" Jimmy stated as he placed his dishes in the dishwasher. \"Come on Jim,\" Chazz struggled to think of an excuse not to trust Derek; and thinking of excuses was not Chazz's forte. \"He might mess up our chances of winning.\" \"How Chazz?\" Jim asked skeptically. \"He… he… He could be a spy sent by the Russian team!\" Chazz exclaimed. \"You know those damn Russians, always spying and sneaking. But the least they could have done was send one of those hot female-type spies.\" \"Chazz, the only one I'm worried about messing up our chances of winning is you .\" Jimmy said. \"What the hell is that supposed to mean?\" Chazz glared. \"Look, I know you're jealous.\" Jimmy said, figuring it out. \"Jealous of what?\" Chazz sneered. \"Of me,\" Jimmy crossed his arms elegantly. \"Why would I be jealous of sissy little fairy princess like you?\" \"Because I'm happy,\" Jimmy stated confidently. \"I have a wife, I have a daughter, and now I have a brother. What do you have?\" \"Oh I've got plenty!\" Chazz threw his arms up. \"I've got money! I've got women!\" \"Money and women, the two things you can't hold onto for more than a few seconds.\" Jimmy retorted. \"Oh I can hold out longer than that!\" Chazz countered. \"Once I was going at it with a chick for like three hours. And that's a record! Best ten grand I ever spent.\" \"And that's all you care about.\" Jimmy argued. \"Sex, sex, sex!\" \"It's a legitimate addiction.\" Chazz pouted. \"I can't help it if I have a disease.\" \"It's not a disease!\" Jimmy snapped. \"It's a stupid excuse sleep with as many people as you can and not take any blame for it.\" \"Oh yeah, if it's not a disease Dr. Jim ,\" Chazz said sarcastically. \"Then why are there therapists and group sessions and stuff like that?\" \"Because there are people out there like you stupid enough to believe in it and waste money on treating it.\" \"Oh yeah? Then… well…\" Chazz struggled to think of something to add, but then realized. \"The hell are we arguing about again?\" Jimmy opened his mouth to snap but then realized that Chazz had completely derailed the argument. \"I can't believe it, you always do this.\" \"Do what?\" Chazz was baffled. \"You always manage to make it all about you .\" Jimmy shook his head. \"You want to know why you're addicted to sex? Because you can't be happy. And when you actually are happy and successful, you manage to sabotage it. We're supposed to be a team and work together. But if it's not all about you, you ruin it. I swear, sometimes I wish that you weren't my partner.\" Jimmy hadn't realized what he said until he saw the look on Chazz's face, a combination of confusion, anger, and sadness (which all together resembled the appearance of being constipated). \"So that's how you really feel is it?\" Chazz's voice was disturbingly calm. \"Well then, you can try winning the pairs competition by yourself.\" Chazz turned, grabbed his skates, and made for the front door. Jimmy stood in silence, dumbfounded by what just occurred. Not only did he just stand up to Chazz, he also told him exactly how he felt. He couldn't believe it. He felt good. In fact, he felt good enough to give Chazz on last retort to his retreating form, \"I can't win a pairs contest by myself dummy! Ha! Beat that!\" It wasn't until half an hour after Chazz left that Jimmy realized the importance of his previous statement. \"Crap!\" Chazz was fuming, he hadn't been this upset since the time he brought home a hooker and she turned out to be a dude. He'd show Jim that he didn't need him to be a great skater. After all, he was Chazz Michael Michaels, one of the best male figure skaters in the world. Without him, he and Jim wouldn't have won the World Skating Championships. Chazz marched all the way to the Olympic skating rink, where other skaters were practicing for the event tomorrow, as well as a number of people just sitting and admiring the skaters. Chazz strapped on his skates, and prepared to wow the poor British bystanders. He darted across the ice, practically clearing it of other skaters, who scrambled to leave the ice as Chazz took over the rink. The other skaters watched in awe as Chazz warmed up with flawless double and triple axels, quickly working up to more complicated techniques. Chazz's confidence and ego swelled as he glided passed several beautiful and eligible young ladies, to which he blew kisses and winks (even managed to cop a feel to one as he speeded by). He then finished his routine with graceful yet dramatic flourish, earning him cheers from the surrounding crowd and some envious glares from other skaters. \"Yeah! Take that Jim!\" and finished with his signature fire out of his fingers \"Boom!\" Chazz only wished Jimmy was actually here to see him, so he could really rub it in his face. \"Not bad,\" a voice said behind him, \"But I guess if sub par talent is considered Olympic material, the standards must have been lowered substantially.\" Gasps and a chorus of \"Oohs\" reverberated from the other skaters as Chazz whipped around, expecting it to be Jimmy, but instead it was a thin Asian man, Kenji. Kenji stood with perfect form, his cat-like eyes glaring at the American skater. \"That sounded like a challenge Chinaman.\" Chazz grinned, welcoming the opportunity. Kenji chose to ignore that racial slur; instead he chose to smirk, knowing Chazz wouldn't live long enough to regret his statement. \"If it's a challenge you're seeking, I'll be more than happy to initiate it.\" \"Then bring it Kato.\" Chazz continued to taunt this foreign skater. He was all fired up, and was looking forward to out-skate this challenger. \"Just to show the ladies how much of a gentleman I am,\" and winks to three hot and excited young ladies, hoping that they'd stick around after so he could invite them to a four-way later, \"I'll let you start.\" Kenji's response was a sinister grin. All the other skaters, hearing the challenge, fled the ice and milled around the perimeter. \"What's going on?\" a petite German skater asked another. \"It's a skate-off.\" The other skater, a beautiful French woman, replied, \"Its when one skater challenges another, the first skater performs a move and the other must replicate it and perform a different move for the first skater to imitate. It goes back and forth until one of them messes up or falls. And considering its Kenji and Chazz, this could get really ugly.\" Kenji starts off with a simple double axel, which Chazz imitates perfectly. Chazz ups the ante with a triple axel, and Kenji pulls it off flawlessly. The challenge continued for an hour, each skater choosing more and more complicated moves. \"Yeah!\" Chazz exclaims as he lands a seemingly impossible leap. \"Betcha can't beat that.\" He prayed that Kenji would trip up with that one; he was starting to get out of breath. But his hope was shattered when Kenji executed it with exquisite precision. \"Let's try something a little different.\" Kenji said as he glided past Chazz. Kenji stopped 10 feet away, taking a deep breath, seeming to meditate. A tense silence hung in the air as everyone stared at Kenji, not quite sure what to expect. Then, quick as a flash, Kenji took off, seeming to fly across the ice. Chazz's eyes targeted Kenji as glided closer and closer, expecting some kind of speeding leap or similar maneuver. But he blinked in surprised when Kenji suddenly spun around, skating backwards briefly before jumping in the air, curling up and flipping not one but twice before landing squarely on the ice and twisted around again, kicking up ice crystals in Chazz's face as he skidded to a halt in front of the American skater. \"Beat that .\" Kenji mocked. The technique earned the Asian skater applauds from the crowds. Chazz wiped the crystals from his face and approached Kenji, \"Oh I won't just beat it; I'll own it.\" \"You talk the talk, but can you walk the walk?\" Kenji taunted, \"I don't walk the walk, I'll skate the skate!\" Chazz retorted confidently and spun around and skated to Kenji's starting position. All the way there his heart was pounding so hard it threatened to bust through his breastbone and run away screaming like a little girl. He had no idea how he was going to pull off a double back flip; he never attempted anything like that before. The only skaters that he ever saw do things like that was back when he was part of the Grublets ice show, a time of his life he wished he could block out. Some of those Woodland Fairy girls had backgrounds in gymnastics, and would sometimes do a flip or two to excite the crowds when they started to look bored. But this guy, he must be a ninja or acrobat. Chazz turned and stood on the ice, staring at the length of it. He shot a look at Kenji, who stood waiting. Chazz glanced at the other skaters, who were waiting with baited breath at whether he'd attempt it or if he'd admit defeat. Some were even placing bets. Well, he'd prove he was the better skater, he'd prove that Chazz Michael Michaels could do anything. Chazz took a deep breath, bent his knees, and took off. He speeded down the ice so fast that the whole world was a blur. ' This is it Chazz ' he told himself. ' Show this a-hole that you can do anything he can do, and a thousand times better! Go for it! ' And Chazz spun around, skating backwards, and jumped. He pulled his legs in and forced his body backwards as he flew through the air. The world went topsy-turvy, he saw the ice, the skaters, the three hot girls, and Kenji, all of them were staring wide eyed as Chazz flipped once, and held their collective breath as he continued into a second. ' I think I'm gonna barf. ' Chazz thought as his body continued to propel through the air and he tried to find his equilibrium. His body began to uncurl as he saw the ice hurling towards him. His skate blades hit the ice… He began to topple. The crowd gasps. Kenji grins, eagerly anticipating Chazz's downfall. Chazz forced his legs steady, but he continued to wobble. If he fell, he'd be a laughing stock. If he fell, he'd prove Jimmy right. No, he wasn't going to fall! He was Chazz Michael Michaels, and Chazz Michael Michaels doesn't fall! His skates righted themselves as he glided across the ice, spun around, and skidded to a halt in front of Kenji, spraying him with ice crystals as he had done Chazz. \"Beat it.\" Chazz grinned in triumph. The crowd exploded with cheers, and Chazz shot fire from his fingers, which earned him more applauds. \"Well done Chazz-san.\" Kenji said as the cheers died down and he wiped the ice from him. \"You had me worried for a moment. It looks as though you're not as agile as you used to be.\" \"Its Chazz, not Chason or whatever you said.\" Chazz retorted. \"But still as stupid as ever it seems.\" Kenji chuckled, \"All in all, you haven't changed much since we last met seven years ago.\" \"Dude, I never met you before.\" Chazz said. \"Don't pretend not to know me Chazz-san,\" Kenji said, venom lacing his words. \"You nearly ended my career that faithful day.\" \"Its Chazz , it's not that hard to remember.\" Chazz said, exasperated, \"And I have no idea what you're talking about.\" \"Don't insult me by pretending not to remember.\" Kenji hissed. \"Perhaps this will jog your memory.\" And he bent over and pulled up the left leg of his tight skating outfit, revealing a hideous scar that encircled his leg, just above his ankle. The other skaters cringed at the sight of it, including Chazz. \"Why are you showing me that? That's gross!\" Chazz said in disgust as Kenji pulled down the legging. \"I show it to you because it is you who bestowed me with this mark.\" Kenji said. Gasps reverberated from the audience as their eyes shifted to Chazz, eagerly awaiting his reaction. \"Do I look like Tonya Harding man?\" Chazz laughed. \"I don't cheat, except on women,\" \"Boo!\" a lone female audience member threw an empty can of soda at his head. \"Ow!\" Chazz rubbed the side of his head. \"Okay that didn't actually hurt, but it was annoying!\" \"Enough!\" Kenji demanded. \"If you won't recall it, then I'll have to spell it out for you.\" \"You're not going to have a flashback are you?\" Chazz moaned. Kenji glared at the American skater as he began his tale, \"It all began at the skating competition in Oslo, Norway,\" Seven years ago, Oslo, Norway…. Young Kenji Katsuya spun and twirled across the rink. He was so excited; he couldn't believe he was actually here, at an international skating competition; he only a step closer to accomplishing his dream of becoming a world renowned figure skater. It seemed there was nothing that was going to bring him down. \" Out of the way shorty!\" Kenji cried out as he was knocked down. Kenji lifted himself slightly off the ice to see who the perpetrator was. It was Chazz Michael Michaels; he was one of the best skaters from American, one whose skill rivaled Jimmy MacElroy. \" Sorry man,\" Chazz shouted out to him, \"Just testing out my new skates, The Edge. Blades so sharp they could slice a gnat in half like butter.\" \" Wow,\" Kenji said as he watched Chazz skate off. But his coach had explained to him once 'A skate is only as good as the skater who wears them'. Kenji turned over into a sitting position, and noticed one of his skate's laces was loose. He pulled his leg up to him to fix it while he let his other lay straight in front of him. \" Excuse me, Mr. Michaels!\" A woman reporter shouted from the barrier a few feet away from Kenji. \"Would you mind coming over to pose for a photo?\" Chazz took one look at the hot photographer and was already darting across the ice. Kenji looked up saw Chazz speeding towards him. He didn't even have time to blink. The sound of a blade slicing through fabric and flesh seemed to echo through the stadium. \" So what kind of pose are you interested in?\" Chazz asked slyly. \"I could take a break and we could go back to my hotel room where I'll be more than happy to give you a 'private session'.\" Chazz flashed her a sexy smile, but all she was doing was staring past him with a look of horror. \"What? Something on my face?\" She didn't answer. \"What are you looking at?\" He followed her gaze and saw exactly what she was horrified at. \"Whoa!\" Chazz jumped at the sight, \"What happened to him?\" Kenji was sitting there; his fingers in mid-tie on one skate while the other leg that was extended in front of him appeared to be severed just above the ankle. All color drained from his face as his brain struggled to decipher what the bloody mess was in front of him. The numbness from the shock was quickly fading and pain hit his nerves like a lightening strike, and his scream was so loud it threatened to shatter the ice. \"Oh… that was you?\" Chazz asked. \"You seemed a lot shorter then.\" Kenji looked down at his injured leg, reminiscing, \"The doctors where able to reattach it, but they told me I wouldn't be able to walk, let alone skate again. Well I showed them. Every waking minute of everyday I worked to not only get my leg back, but make it stronger. I made a promise that day.\" Kenji lifted his head, glaring hotly at Chazz. \"I vowed that the day I could skate against you again, I would destroy you!\" There was a beat of silence. \"Physically or competitively?\" Chazz asked. Suichi stood by the nearest wall, watching everything from a distance. He remembered that day as well, it was horrible. He had been at Kenji's side through the entire ordeal, from when they took him from the ice on a stretcher, through the operation, and all of the rehabilitation. The day Chazz had been stripped of his gold metal and was forbidden to compete, it nearly destroyed Kenji. If Chazz couldn't compete, then Kenji couldn't challenge him. Kenji had attempted hara-kiri with one of his skate blades. If he couldn't compete against Chazz, then what reason did he have to live? Suichi had stopped him with a single kiss, telling him he had a reason to live; he had to live for Suichi. They were friends, and they became lovers. But as lovers, Kenji was a lost soul. This wasn't enough for Kenji; he needed to skate for a purpose greater than Suichi. The day Chazz returned to the skating world, Kenji's fire was rekindled; he returned to his training, working harder than humanly possible. And their relationship had changed; they went from lovers to skating partners, so they could compete against Jimmy and Chazz. Kenji had even given up sex, believing it to be a waste of energy, which could be better channeled to skating. Suichi didn't mind, he'd do anything for Kenji. But now, Suichi afraid. Now that Kenji was face to face with Chazz, he was capable of anything. All this time he was toying with Chazz, sizing him up. What if Kenji actually beat Chazz in the final competition? Or worst, what if he lost? This couldn't continue; he had to find Jimmy. Jimmy was exhausted; he had spent the past couple of hours looking for Chazz. He had been to every nudie bar, strip club, adult video store, and adult cinema in London. He had been traumatized a great deal and had a desperate need to shower. \"Jimmy-san!\" Jimmy knew that voice. He spun around and saw Suichi running up to him. \" Suichi, what's wrong? \" Jimmy asked him in Japanese. \"It's Chazz...\" Suichi panted as he stopped in front of Jimmy. \"Chazz? Where is he, I have to talk to him.\" Or more like apologize, Jimmy added mentally. \" He's at the arena .\" Suichi replied. \" He and Kenji, they challenged each other to a skate-off .\" \"What!\" Jimmy exclaimed. \"Come on!\" Suichi grabbed Jimmy's hand and together they ran to the arena, and Suichi prayed that they weren't too late. \"It ends tomorrow Chazz.\" Kenji promised. \"I will exact my revenge.\" \"Ooh, I'm so scared. I'm skating in my skates.\" Chazz mocked, \"Why wait till tomorrow? What's stopping you ninja-boy? Let's settle this now?\" \"Don't temp me Michaels.\" \"What are ya gonna do?\" Chazz continued to mock him. \"Karate me?\" Jimmy and Suichi ran into the arena just in time to see Kenji lunge at Chazz. \"Kenji! Don't!\" Suichi yelled. Gasps were heard from the audience as they watched Kenji swing his leg at Chazz, his skate blade slicing through the air. Jimmy covered his eyes, then dared to peak between his fingers, expecting to see Chazz's head roll away. But Chazz's head was still intact. He had managed to doge Kenji's attack. \"What the hell is wrong with you?\" he yelled, \"You could have killed me!\" \"That's the idea!\" Kenji got into a fighting stance. \"You've pushed me Michael's, and now I'm pushing back.\" \"It doesn't seem to take much to do that.\" Chazz said, preparing to dodge again. Kenji came at him again, throwing skillful punches and kicks that seemed impossible for a skater to perform on the ice. Chazz was never a very good fighter, but he was very good at dodging. It's how he survived the boyfriends and husbands of most of the girls he nailed. \"Hey check it out; it's Bruce Lee on Ice.\" Chazz said cockily. Chazz ducked again, jumping to the side, but suddenly a sharp pain shot up his calf, his muscles were cramping. They had been skating for hours; it was so cold on the rink Chazz didn't feel it coming. Chazz cried out and toppled. Kenji's leg swung around again, his blade aimed at Chazz. \"Chazz!\" \"Jimmy! No!\" Suichi yelled as he watched Jimmy jump the barrier and run across the ice to his partner. Chazz's eyes widened as the blade descended towards him. His whole life flashed before his eyes. He saw his horrified mother catching him as a 9-year-old with his 35-year-old girlfriend. He saw the first girl he ever truly loved dump him after she caught him with her best friend. He saw the faces of every single lover, whore, hooker, lady, and woman he ever slept with, all reflected in the cold steel of Kenji's ultra-sharpened blade. Jimmy ran into him, knocking Chazz to the ice, and Jimmy into the path of the blade's edge. SLASH! The audience screams. Suichi covers his eyes, and then dared to look, expecting Jimmy to be cut in half. But Jimmy was still intact, shaken but intact. Jimmy looked at Chazz, panting, \"You okay partner?\" But Chazz wasn't looking at Jimmy, he was looking past him. Jimmy followed his gaze and saw, to his great horror, his long blonde locks scattered across the ice. Kenji's skate blade had chopped off Jimmy's hair. \"I guess that was a close one…\" was all Jimmy could mumble. Kenji bowed to Jimmy, \"My apologies, that wasn't meant for you.\" \"Hey, what about apologizing to me?\" Chazz demanded. \"You tried to de-head me!\" \"He means behead.\" Jimmy corrected him, his voice shaken from shock. \"Kenji!\" Suichi ran across the ice, and grabbed his partner's arm. \" What were you thinking? You could have hurt them! \" Kenji shot a deadly glare at Suichi, making him wince. Then he looked down at Chazz and Jimmy, \"Tomorrow, I will be victorious.\" Kenji glided away from them, towards the rink exit. Suichi looked sadly at Jimmy and Chazz. He wanted to say something, anything to remedy the situation. But what could he do? He decided to gather up Jimmy's damaged locks from the ice and handed the blonde bundle to Jimmy. \"I'm very sorry Jimmy-kun,\" Suichi said solemnly. Jimmy accepted the hair from Suichi, \" It's not your fault .\" \"Suzuki!\" The cold snap of Kenji's voice made Suichi wince. He turned to his partner, who was waiting for him by the door of the rink. \"Suzuki, come here! \" Kenji demanded, Suichi gave Jimmy one last sad look, before approaching Kenji. \"Wait!\" Jimmy recognized that voice and cringed. It was Hector, his rabid fan. The restraining order must have expired. He knew Hector was probably going to run out onto the ice and bawl about Jimmy being scarred. But to Jimmy's surprise, Hector ran to Kenji. \"Mr. Katsuya?\" Hector asked, starry-eyed. \"Can I have your autograph?\" \"What?\" Jimmy exclaimed. First this guy tries to kill his partner, now he's stealing his #1 fan? Kenji gives Hector a glare that causes Hector to cower in fear and awe. Kenji snatches the pen out of Hector's grasp and scribbles his name in kanji. \"Oh thank you! Oh, I mean are-ree-got-oh.\" Hector attempts to say 'thank you' in Kenji's native language, but fails miserably, earning him another glare. Hector watches as Kenji and Suichi leave, and then turns to look at Jimmy. \"Sorry Jimmy, I'm only rooting for winners now.\" And took off out the door. Jimmy's jaw dropped, he couldn't believe Hector betrayed him like that. Jimmy looked down at the blonde locks that Suichi had handed him and realized that Suichi had somehow quickly tied the hairs into an intricate braid. It was then Jimmy realized how close he had been to getting seriously hurt, or worse. And it was also then he realized how close he had been to loosing Chazz. Jimmy didn't realize how much he actually cared about him. \"Yeah! You better run!\" Chazz yelled. \"As soon as my leg uncramps, I'm gonna kick your ass!\" Jimmy facepalmed. Hope you enjoyed reading this chapter as much as I did writing it :) Review please![Chapter 6] RogueSquirrel – Aw, thank you :) That made my day! Disclaimer: I don't any of the Blades of Glory characters except for my OCs. Caution : This chapter contains some yaoi/slash themes. Blades of Glory 2: Fire on the Ice By Queen of the Sacred Flames Chapter 6 : The Lovelorn and the Begrudged Jimmy stared at his image in the mirror. He had gone to the nearest salon after the 'incident' at the rink. The beautician had done a good job; she had made Jimmy's hair the way it was before he had grown it out. Chazz had gone with him. He and Jimmy returned to the Olympic village. Jimmy assumed that that meant Chazz wasn't going to abandon him. The air was heavy with uncomfortable silence. Chazz finally turned to Jimmy, and opened his mouth to say something when all of a sudden Coach came barging in. \"I just spoke to the Japan Skating team's coach.\" Coach was furious. \"What the hell is wrong with you two? Do you even want to be here? Why am I wasting my time coaching you two numbskulls if all I get in return is aggravation?\" Both Jimmy and Chazz knew he was talking about the fight with Kenji. \"Do you have anything to say for yourselves?\" Coach fumed. \"Because I'd love to hear your excuses this time,\" \"Coach, I-\" \"It's my fault Coach.\" Jimmy interrupted Chazz, who did a double-take, as did Coach. \"What?\" Coach and Chazz exclaimed in unison. \"It's my fault Chazz got into that fight.\" Jimmy looked down at the floor. \"I told Chazz that I didn't want him as my partner anymore, so I made him angry.\" \"Sorry Jim-bo but I ain't letting you take the rap for this one.\" Chazz intercepted. \"You're damn right.\" Coach said. \"Because that's no excuse as to why you,\" he pointed an accusing finger at Chazz. \"Have to go picking fights every time you piss the wrong way.\" \"Hey, I didn't start that fight.\" Chazz defended himself. \"But Jimmy here sure did finish it. Hell if it weren't for him I'd be split like a banana peel.\" Chazz turned to Jim, \"I owe ya one man. I'm sorry about what I said about your brother. If you trust him, then I trust him too.\" \"Oh geez,\" Coach shook his head. \"Chazz…\" Jimmy's eyes watered. Then he suddenly wrapped his arms around him in a sweet hug. \"I'm sorry too.\" Jimmy's voice cracked only slightly. You could almost hear inspiring music rise in the background. \"Oh for the love of god,\" Coach said exasperatedly. \"Why don't you two kiss just to top it off?\" Suddenly Chazz pushed Jimmy off so fast and hard the blonde hit the floor, \"No way! Until Jimmy sprouts a vagina, I ain't going near that.\" \"Love you too Chazz.\" Jimmy picked himself off the floor. Then suddenly the front door burst open and a little girl ran in. \"Aw look,\" Chazz cooed, \"Little Jessie is worried about her uncle Chazzie?\" Chazz bent down and opened his arms to Jessica as she ran right for him. \"Out of the way!\" Jessica knocked Chazz over and ran to her dad. \"Daddy, are you okay? Did you get hurt?\" \"I take it you found out?\" Jimmy asked Katie as she followed Jessica it. Katie nodded, and watched Jimmy pick up Jessica, \"Your hair.\" \"It's not a big deal.\" Jimmy said solemnly as Jessica ran her fingers through it. \"It looks okay short.\" Jessica said kindly. \"Thanks Jessie,\" Jimmy gave his daughter a kiss on the forehead and put her back down on the floor. \"Who gives a crap about his hair?\" Chazz picked himself off the floor. \"I almost got sliced like deli meat!\" Suddenly Chazz was barreled to the floor again as Derek came running in. \"…ow…\" Derek grabbed Jimmy's small frame and smooshed him in a crushing hug, \"Jimmy, are you alright? Who did this to you? Where does he live? I'll pulverize him for you Jim!\" \"I'll be fine once you let me breathe!\" Jimmy gasped in the small space between his brother's pecs. \"Oh, sorry,\" Derek dropped Jimmy, who's blue face returned to a normal color. \"But that's it; I'm not leaving you alone anymore. From now on I'll be your bodyguard. I'll protect you like a big brother should.\" \"I don't think so pal,\" Coach said, not liking the idea one bit. \"Coach, I think Derek has a point,\" Jimmy said. \"That guy Kenji is dangerous.\" \"Yeah,\" Chazz agreed, picking himself off the floor, \"He's got a bad grudge against me.\" \"You seem to have that effect on people.\" Coach said. \"Alright fine, do what you want. But just be ready for the competition tomorrow.\" Jimmy was incredibly nervous. So much so that he felt nauseous. Katie suggested he take a walk to clear his head. Jimmy and Chazz had been training intensely; they had to create a whole new routine from scratch, especially after Chazz told Coach about Kenji's double-flip on the ice. They now had a new routine that, if it didn't wow the judges, it would certainly kill them. Jimmy would welcome the Iron Lotus anytime now. Jimmy was very thankful for the break. It was his dream to come to the Olympics and skate in front of the whole world. But he just didn't expect all this drama to come with it. First he discovers he has a brother, now Chazz has a rival, and little Jessica is still depressed that she can't skate like her father. Jimmy felt that if he didn't get away from all of it and breathe, it all might come crashing down on him. Derek, his brother-turned-bodyguard, now tailed him wherever he went, to protect him. Jimmy drew the line at bathrooms, but Derek insisted on at least standing by the door to listen in case anyone attempted to ambush him in there. They decided to stop at a local café. Darren never let Jimmy have coffee before. It wasn't until his first sip a few years ago that he found out why. It was like a drug. If he didn't keep having it everyday, he would crash and become an incoherent blob. Oh well, it was still one more way he conquered his adoptive father. Jimmy inhaled the sweet aroma of his mocha cappuccino and was about to take a sip when he noticed someone through the window next to the table he and Derek sat. He recognized the figure as Suichi; he was across the street, looking as though waiting for him to come out. \"I'll be right back,\" Jimmy told Derek as he got up. \"Where are you going?\" Derek immediately asked, getting up to follow him. \"Just outside one second. I'll come back.\" Jimmy reassured him. \"I'm not leaving you alone.\" Derek was firm. \"Please trust me.\" Jimmy knew that would put Derek on a spot. Derek was silent for a few seconds before sitting back down. \"Fine, but if your not back in two minutes—\" \"I know,\" Jimmy, briskly walked out of the café, trying not to look suspicious. Jimmy didn't want Derek with him to see Suichi, fearing Derek's overprotective-big-brother instinct might kick in. The second he passed the window and Derek was not in sight; Jimmy rushed across the street, a car just stopping short of hitting him. Then another car rear-ended it, and another car tried to drive around but got crushed by a truck. Jimmy's eyes widened as the piled up continued to grow, so he quickened his pace, hoping no one would pin it on him. \" You should look both ways before crossing .\" Suichi commented. \" Thanks for the advice .\" Jimmy quipped. \" It's not my fault they drive on the wrong side of the road here .\" Suddenly Suichi took his hand, \" Come on .\" Suichi guided him down the alley and behind a pub. \" Why are we here ?\" Jimmy looked around at the filthy back alley behind the 'Cock and Barrel Pub', where there were piles of bottles and garbage that smelled like old cheese. \" I don't want anyone we know to see us talking. \" Suichi said. \" There might be… consequences… \" That's when Jimmy noticed a red mark on Suichi's face in the shape of a handprint. \" Did he hit you? \" Jimmy said, anger hidden in his voice. Suichi was surprised Jimmy noticed, and tried to use his long hair to hide it. \" It's nothing. Kenji would have punched me but he didn't want to risk injuring me before the competition tomorrow. \" \"Punch you?\" Jimmy exclaimed. \" Please, \" Suichi bowed. \" I came to apologize on Kenji's behalf. Kenji isn't a bad person .\" \" Oh no,\" Jimmy said sarcastically, \" I can tell, he's just sadistic .\" \" Jimmy, you don't understand. Kenji doesn't hurt anyone because he wants to. He does it because he's angry and— \" \" That's no excuse to do this! \" Jimmy pointed to the red mark on Suichi's face. \" That's not what this is all about. When someone is your partner, you don't use them as a punching bag because you're angry, you're supposed to support each other and work as a team. Even if one of you messes up, you try the best you can to fix it. \" Jimmy takes Suichi's shoulders, looking into his almond-shaped eyes, \" Someone kind like you should never defend someone like Kenji .\" Suichi was moved by jimmy's sincerity, it was the way Kenji used to talk before his unfortunate encounter with Chazz. In Jimmy's words he saw the old Kenji, the Kenji he hoped would return. So moved was Suichi, so captured in the moment that he embraced Jimmy in a desperate and lovelorn kiss. So sudden and abrupt was this kiss that Jimmy's brain couldn't catch up soon enough to comprehend the situation before the nearby backdoor burst open and a pair of drunks collapsed onto the garbage ridden asphalt. \"Okay, who put a door there?\" Jimmy immediately recognized the stumbling and alcohol buzzed figure as Chazz. His cackling companion was a bar wench so tattooed that it was difficult to discern her true skin color. Chazz perked up when he noticed Jimmy, \"Hey Jim-bo! What're you doing back here… with that guy down your throat?\" Even in his horny/drunk state Chazz could tell there was something very wrong with this picture, and it didn't even have anything to do with the fact that everything in his vision was turning funky colors from the questionable-quality pub beer. The situation only got worse when Derek sped around the corner, who had darted out of the café when Jimmy's time limit was up. Suichi's lips were forcefully ripped from Jimmy's when Derek grabbed the Asian and threw him against the brick wall. \"I'll teach you to molest my brother!\" Derek drew his fist back, preparing to punch Suichi can to the Ming Dynasty. \"No!\" jimmy grabbed Derek's arm. \"Don't hurt him! He has to skate tomorrow!\" \"Jim, there's no need to defend someone like him. Whatever he did to you was not your fault.\" \"He didn't do anything to me! … Okay he did do something but it wasn't a bad something… not that kissing me was a good thing, I don't like guys, I'm married to Katie, who's a girl!\" Jimmy rambled, struggling to remedy the situation. Desperate, he turned to Chazz, \"Chazz, help me out here.\" \"Nothing happened.\" Chazz hiccupped. \"Thank you,\" Jimmy breathed a sigh of relief. \"I totally did not see you make out with that japer-cheese guy.\" Chazz added. Jimmy face-palmed, After a great deal of arguing, pleading, and being interrupted by the sounds of Chazz retching and eventually vomiting due to the questionable quality pub beer, Jimmy convinced Derek not to Suichi but instead make sure that he got back to his cottage in the Olympic Village. Jimmy assured his overprotective brother that he would be fine, and proceeded to pry Chazz off the tattooed woman, which took more effort than Jimmy initially realized due to Chazz's excessive beer weight, and dragged his friend back to their cottage. All the way there Chazz kept trying to paw at Jimmy, for in his drunken haze he saw Jimmy as a petit, flat-chested British chick. Jimmy hoped for only two things that night: that Katie would never find out about that back-alley kiss, and that Coach wouldn't be there to lecture them about staying out late when there was a competition tomorrow. But Coach wasn't there; he was elsewhere with a private investigator. He had hired one after his first encounter with Derek. And the investigator had returned with some very interesting findings. AN: Hope you liked this; there will be a very interesting twist ahead :) ","Summary":" AN: Hi folks, I know I haven't been updating my fanfics (please don't remind me how long it's been "},{"Movie":"Wolfman, 2010","Title":"The Wolfman of Scotland Yard","Author":"Dawn's Edge","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11496046","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A sharp rap at the door roused Frederick \"Francis\" Aberline from his muddled thoughts, causing his eyes to narrow as he called out to whoever was knocking. \"Come in.\" The door to his office opened slightly, and Hopkins' head appeared from behind it. Inspector George Hopkins had recently been promoted to the Central Office division at Scotland Yard after the death of Inspector Harrison Carter. Now, he worked directly under Chief Inspector Aberline, a man whom he had admired for many years and had the pleasure of working with on occasion in the past. \"Sorry to bother you, sir, but...,\" his voice lowered to a whisper, \" she's back again.\" Inspector Aberline pursed his thin lips and rolled his eyes in annoyance. He was already having a headache that day, and he did not need it to become a full-blown migraine. Hopkins took notice of his superior's aggravated demeanor and nodded his head in understanding. He and everyone else at Scotland Yard were in agreement—the Conliffe woman was starting to become rather a bit of a pain. For the past several weeks she had come in to see the inspector, spouting on about important issues that, when asked to elaborate on, she would not discuss further. She had demanded to speak only to Aberline. Really, there was nothing more that the woman could tell them; the case had already been closed—the maniac responsible killed and done away with. London and the village of Blackmoor were just beginning to move on from the tragedies that befell them. No one wanted her stirring up what need not be stirred up. \"What shall I do with her, sir? Send her away like the other dozen or so times?\" he said lightly, smirking at his small jab. Aberline sniffed in response, but his face still remained strained. To Hopkins, he appeared rather haggard. The inspector sighed as he opened a desk drawer and placed the folder that he had been reading inside. \"I suppose I could humor her this one time,\" he said, closing the drawer and returning his gaze to the severed head staring expectantly back at him. Of course, he knew that the head was not actually severed, and that Hopkins' body was most likely huddled against the other side of the door, but the imagery still caused him to grimace. Lately, his thoughts had been taking a turn for the morbid, which he supposed was to be expected after last month's ordeal. Hopkins saw the grimace and brushed it off as another of the inspector's headaches. \"Very good, sir. I'll send her in.\" He gave a short nod and closed the door. Aberline stared at the dark oak for several seconds, and then turned in his chair so that he was able to look out the large window of his office. His eyes traveled skyward, seeing nothing out of the ordinary. The grey London sky was, as usual, looking rather dreary, and in the distance he could see several dark clouds rolling in, bringing with them the promise of rain. Perhaps that was the cause of today's headaches. The sound of the door opening behind him made him shift frontward in his chair, and his sharp eyes honed in on the black-clad woman with pinned up dark brown hair. Without speaking, he gestured to the chair in front of his desk. Miss Conliffe nodded at his invitation and sat down obediently. Aberline continued to stare at her, tongue in cheek. She stared back at him, and he couldn't help but want to retreat away from the overwhelmingly determined look in her eyes. \"Hello, Inspector. Admiring the beautiful London weather?\" she asked conversationally. Aberline could hear the thinly concealed derision in her voice, and he huffed in response. \"What do you want, Miss Conliffe? Why are you so adamant in coming down to Scotland Yard every other day to speak with me? Surely you do not find me that interesting.\" He saw her swallow, and for a brief moment she glanced away. He was making her uncomfortable. Good. Maybe she would finally get the hint and never bother him again. But he knew that was only wishful thinking. \"You know why I come,\" she said, looking him square in the face once more. Aberline felt his jaw clench. \"You come to tell me about superstition. Fantasy and witchcraft,\" he said condescendingly. \"I come here to warn you, Inspector,\" she said, raising her voice in irritation. Her eyes shown bright with renewed determination. \"I've been trying to contact you, but you have spurned me each time. You know what tonight brings.\" The inspector sighed wearily. \"Yes, I am aware of the full moon tonight. That's all every bloke from London to Blackmoor has been raving about. What of it?\" he asked, trying to sound disinterested, if only just to anger her further. Gwen's lips parted, and then closed. She was struggling to control her annoyance with the flippant inspector. \"Is your memory so clouded from that night, exactly one month ago, that you cannot see what tonight's full moon will bring?\" she said through grit teeth. Aberline's eyes flared with anger and he lurched forward unexpectedly, slamming both hands on his desk. \" Lawrence Talbot is dead!\" he hissed. Gwen flinched at his outburst, and the inspector reigned in his anger and leaned back slowly into his leather seat. Regaining some control over the situation, he spoke again in a more level tone. \"There is no danger. Neither here, nor in Blackmoor. You need to see that, Miss Conliffe. You must get past this, as I have done.\" \"No,\" she countered, gathering her courage from earlier. \"It is you who needs help seeing, Inspector. Lawrence Talbot was a cursed man. He was bitten by the wolf on the full moon. You—\" \" I ,\" he ground out, \"was bitten, yes. But that does not mean anything. Lawrence Talbot, assuming he was afflicted by some... gypsy ,\" he spoke the word acidly, \"curse, was given it by his father, whom, from my understanding of things, had long since been afflicted. Now, who is to say that this so-called curse is nothing but the product of genetics? Inheritance passed on only in the bloodline?\" Gwen considered the inspector's explanation. She supposed it could be valid. She wanted it to be. But it was still only a theory, and she was not willing to risk the safety of London on a theory. \"That is certainly possible, I suppose, but Inspector, even you must admit that is just based on assumption. There is no evidence that that is how the curse works.\" \"And is there any evidence disproving it?\" he countered smugly, lifting a challenging eyebrow. Gwen shook her head. \"Please, just for tonight, take some precautions. I have a suitable place in my shop that would surely be adequate—\" \"What?\" Aberline asked incredulously. \"Are you saying you plan to lock me up in some cage? Are you mad?\" \"Just for tonight,\" she assured him quickly, putting her hands up in front of her. \"Please, just humor me, Inspector. If you are right, and you are not infected with the curse, then I'll let you out. But if you are...\" \"I am not!\" he shouted, the vein in his forehead bulging underneath his wan skin. He stood abruptly from his chair and strode past her and over to the door of his office. He gripped the handle tightly and turned back to her. \"I think you should leave, Miss Conliffe. I am a very busy man, and I do not need the ramblings of a clearly disturbed woman distracting me from my work.\" \"'Disturbed?'\" Gwen repeated disbelievingly. \"Yes, disturbed . Now please, remove yourself from my office.\" Gwen stared at him with wide eyes, before lowering them to her lap in defeat. She had tried to make him see reason; now she could only pray for the lives of Londoners as they walked the streets that night. Silently, she stood and walked over to where the inspector was standing vigil at the door. As she approached, he twisted the knob and opened the door, allowing her passage through. She took one step before turning to look the inspector in his stormy blue eyes. \"Please, just tell me one more thing,\" she whispered to him, aware that there were other people walking about in the hallway outside the room. \"What?\" he asked, not even trying to hide his annoyance at her request. She stared at him a moment, taking in the details of his face. He appeared gaunter since the last time she saw him. There were bags under his eyes, making him appear like he had been going days without sleep. His skin, she had noticed earlier, was slightly more pale than the average Londoner. \"Have the nightmares been keeping you awake?\" she asked him cryptically. Had she not been standing right in front of him, she might not have caught the way his eyes widened for barely a fraction of a second, before returning to their natural hard glare. \"Good day, Miss Conliffe,\" he said coldly. A second passed between them, until finally her steel grey eyes left his, and she ducked out of his office. Aberline's eyes followed her, and he closed the door when he saw her call for the lift to take her down to the ground floor. Once he was back in the seclusion of his office, he leaned against the door and ran a hand through his auburn hair. His headache was returning with full force. In that moment, as he stood there, eyes closed, his back against the door, he desperately wished that it was the next day—just to get this whole thing done and over with. But when he opened his eyes, he felt a pang in his chest when he found that he was still standing in his dimly lit office, with the light from the London sky filtering in through the large window, growing steadily darker with the approaching dusk. With a sigh, he propelled himself from the door and made his way over to his chair. As he sat down, he looked over to the wall clock. Only four more hours till sundown. Hope you guys enjoyed! I wrote this immediately after I rewatched the movie. I love werewolves, and the movie inspired me to write a story based on these characters. I don't think I'm alone when I say that I wished they had made a sequel following Aberline. Seriously, a werewolf working at Scotland Yard? Who wouldn't want to see a movie about that? Well, I'm not sure how often I will be updating this. I'm a spastic writer, meaning when I get in the mood, I can pump out content like nobody's business, but if I lose the motivation, it's lost for quite a while. Hopefully this will get enough support and reviews to keep me attentive. I will say though, that I have two more chapters written, but I'm going to wait a bit between posts so that I can have a somewhat regular waiting period between each chapter. Have a good day![Chapter 2] \"G'night, Inspector,\" called Hopkins. Aberline had just barely missed him on his way out. He turned to the younger man and gave a short wave. \"Same to you, George,\" he said half-heartedly as he made his way out the front doors of the Metropolitan Police Headquarters. As soon as he stepped foot outside, he was hit with the frigid late evening London air. He frowned when he felt the plop of a fat raindrop on the shoulder of his tan coat. Another hit the brim of his hat, followed by even more. As he suspected, it had begun to rain just as he was leaving work. At least his headache had abated some during the course of the day. Thank goodness for small miracles, he thought bitterly as he walked briskly down the rain-slicked sidewalk. He adjusted his hat and kept his head down as he made his way to his home, which was located only a few blocks away. Within minutes he arrived at his front door. Pulling out a set of keys from his coat pocket, he inserted a small brass key into the lock and stepped inside. Once out of the rain, he removed his hat, shaking the water off of it and onto the carpet before placing it on the coat rack next to him. He then proceeded to remove his long, tan overcoat, giving it the same shakedown treatment as his hat before also placing it on the rack. Now that he was home, all he wanted to do was unwind, possibly finish that book he had been reading off and on for the past couple of weeks. Anything that would get his mind off of today's unwelcome visit from the Conliffe woman. Really, the nerve of her! Coming into his workplace, demanding to talk to him about superstitious nonsense. But...was it really nonsense? He shook his head. Of course it had to be! But then again...hadn't he seen it, with his own two eyes, no less? That night at the asylum, and again when he had found the beast in Talbot Hall, surrounded by flames. Against his will, the images appeared at the forefront of his mind—the sight of the wolf creature baring its teeth, him pulling out his revolver and taking aim, the struggle between him and the beast, along with the awful feeling of its incisors tearing into the flesh of his shoulder. Unconsciously he moved his right hand to cup his left shoulder. It didn't hurt at all anymore. It hadn't been causing him pain for a while now, actually. After returning to London, he had been laid up in a hospital bed for several days with a horrible fever. But as soon as it passed, he was up and back to work again. It was, by all intents and purposes, a miraculous recovery—one that had astounded his physician and colleagues. The more he thought on the events of the past, the heavier his body felt. He lumbered over to the couch and collapsed onto it. Perhaps he would not read tonight; he found he was having trouble focusing. Instead, he opted to just lie down, resting his head on one of the couch pillows. Hopkins had been telling him he'd been looking rather strained this past week. Maybe the stress of it all was finally bearing down on him. He needed rest, and while he loathed admitting it, the Conliffe woman had been right; he had been having night terrors, powerful enough in their severity that he would wake up at odd hours of the night in a cold sweat and unable to go back to sleep. If pressed, he could not recall what he had been dreaming of before waking. Just...teeth. And rage—so much rage it frightened him. Just thinking about the dreams sent a chill down his spine as he lay on the couch. His breathing had picked up, and he found that no matter how hard he tried he could not find peace of mind, nor body. Sitting up from the couch, he planted his shoed feet on the hardwood floor and hunched forward. The position felt good after being tense all throughout the day. However, the ill feeling still persisted. He couldn't quite describe it. It felt like a fever, but more than that; he felt nauseated and tired, but still jittery, like he wanted to run. He probably would have shot out the door had it not been for the rain, which was pounding heavily at the window. This didn't make any sense. What had come over him tonight? This was not like him at all. No, when he was ill he wanted only to rest. Right now, all he wanted to do was move. It was an urge he could not put down no matter how much he willed it, and he was a man who prided himself on his willpower. Slowly, he turned his head to stare out his front window. The sky was turning a deep shade of indigo and, although hidden by the buildings across the street, he could see the glow of the coming moon lighting the sky. The thought of it was driving him batty, and he could not stand it any longer; his moderately spatial living room was starting to feel like a tomb to him now. Dash it all! He stood from the couch and went over to where his dampened coat and hat hung from the rack and he placed them back on. He didn't even bother to lock his door as he left his house, jogging down the steps and onto the sidewalk. The rain was coming down in torrents now, leaving very little of him dry. Normally the feeling of wet clothing would be unpleasant to him, but he found that the coolness of it helped combat the heat of his skin. Turning left, he took off at a light jog down the sidewalk, passing several people who had been unfortunate enough to be caught outside during the storm. People must think me mad , he thought as he continued his jog—which quickly turned into a full on run—seemingly to nowhere in particular. He could feel his rapidly beating heart pumping blood through his veins. The sensation was invigorating, and he ran faster. He was unsure of how much time had passed since he left his house, but he eventually slowed to a stop to catch his breath at a street corner. He bent over, hands on his knees, panting. After a moment, he craned his neck upwards to view the street sign; it read in thick, bold letters: Oxford Street . That meant he had run about two miles east of his home. The euphoria he had felt before was waning, being replaced with a full body ache that settled deep in his joints. He reached out his arm and gripped the slick signpost to help keep him righted. The churning in his stomach was returning, along with the nausea he had felt back in his living room. Something was not right; his heart was pounding out of his chest, and his arms and legs were beginning to tremble. Was he having a heart attack? Had he done himself in by acting out on his whim? No, he knew it wasn't a heart attack; a heart attack wouldn't make him feel like this . He looked around him through the rain, and his eyes were inexplicably drawn to the sky. He could see the white sliver of the full moon rising above the rooftops, and he was suddenly met with a grim realization that shook him to his very core. No...it couldn't be! As the small sliver of moon reflected in his stormy eyes, he could almost hear it laughing at him—mocking him for his foolishness. And a fool he had been. He should have listened to Miss Conliffe. And now it was too late. He looked back down to the street frantically and saw several pedestrians walking about, covering themselves from the rain with whatever they had in their hands. These people were completely unaware of the danger they were in. He had to get somewhere quickly, before he— The inspector grimaced and dropped to his knees with a groan on the wet pavement as a jolt of pain shot through his spine, branching out like lightning to his ribcage. No! Oh God, please, not already! Using what was left of his strength from earlier, he lifted himself from the pavement and turned just in time to bump into a young woman. She reached out to help steady him. \"Are you all right, sir? You look about to faint!\" the woman exclaimed as she leaned towards him, but he broke out of her grip roughly, sending her stumbling forward. \"I-I'm fine. Please, just go!\" He backed away from her and staggered off in the other direction, leaving the woman standing alone at the street corner, confused and rather miffed. The inspector ran as best he could, but the muscles in his legs seemed to be shifting painfully with every movement. Eventually the best he could manage was a stumble, using the walls of buildings for support. Pain continued to pulse down his back—each contraction coming more frequently, with varying intensities, which he knew did not bode well for him. He was running out of time. Seeing a narrow entrance between two buildings, he turned into it and nearly fell down into a muddy puddle. He managed to catch himself on the corner of the brick wall, but only just barely. He took this moment to lean heavily against it, trying fruitlessly to calm his ragged breathing. It wasn't long before another wave of pain hit him, prompting him forward down the narrow alleyway. His vision was going in and out now, and he barely avoided tripping over the legs of a beggar that was sitting against the wall and using a newspaper to protect himself from the rain. \"Oi! Watchit!\" the old man yelled up at him, before spitting a brown glob at his feet. Aberline was more than happy to ignore the bum, but another jolt coursed through his body, sending him careening into the wall. He fought it with all his might, but found he was rapidly losing control over his body. It would be minutes, maybe seconds, before the change would overtake him completely. Pressing his forehead against the wet brick, he turned his head to the beggar. \"Do...you know where—\" \"WOT?\" the old beggar shouted, causing Aberline's ears to hurt. He winced and tried to speak again, louder this time. \"Do you know where... agghh! \" he snarled and gripped his side as another agonizing wave shook him. Steeling himself, he made one more attempt to talk. If this didn't work, then there was no hope for him and the beggar in the alley, along with anyone else walking to streets of London. \"Conliffe,\" he managed between grit teeth, which were beginning to cut into his gums, filling his mouth with the acrid taste of blood. \"Antique shop...where is it?\" The beggar narrowed his eyes at the inspector from under the wet newspaper. \"That a'way, gov!\" he said, pointing a ratty gloved finger to the other end of the alley. Aberline shut his eyes tightly. \"Am I close?\" he hissed. \"About a minute's walk from 'ere, I'd says. Jus' make a left once ya get outta this alley and folla the path down ta the corner. Now get the fock outta 'ere an' leave me in peace!\" The beggar reached out with the newspaper and swatted at the back of Aberline's ankles. Eager to get as far away from the old man as possible, Aberline moved as quickly as he could out of the alley and onto the sidewalk. Everything around him swayed as he hobbled all the way down to the corner of the street. He looked up at the sign above the corner store door and nearly collapsed with relief. The sign read: W. Conliffe: Antiquities & Objets D'Arts . He had made it! His body shot forward, practically running into the door, and he brought up his fist and began pounding on it like a madman. He could not see through the door's stained glass, so he moved to look into the front window of the store, searching for a sign of anyone inside. The main room was dark, but from somewhere in the back he saw a light turn on, and a woman rounded the corner. Miss Conliffe, he recognized. She was still wearing the black dress from when she had visited his office earlier that day. As soon as she saw him, she rushed to the door. The lights inside turned on and the door opened. \"Inspector!\" she cried as she looked over his horrid state. He was soaking wet—his hair clinging in dark strands to his forehead from under the brim of his hat. Drops of rain fell from his beard and mustache, making him look rather pitiful; his expression was one of silent agony. The change was upon him, and there was not much time left by the look of things. \"Please,\" he gasped. \"You have to help me...\" \"Come in, quick!\" she ordered. Aberline hardly had any time to react when she grabbed him by the shoulder and pulled him inside. She slammed the door shut behind them and led him further into the shop. As they moved towards the back, she removed his hat and tossed it on one of the many tables they passed by. She stopped them in front of a door, pulling out a key from her dress pocket. She unlocked the door and opened it to reveal a set of stairs leading down to a cellar. \"Hurry, we must get you to the room,\" she said as she hooked his arm around her back. The inspector only groaned and leaned heavily on her as they made their way down the steps into the darkness. The air was cold and stale, doing nothing to help the soaking wet man at her side. Under her touch, she could feel his muscles tensing and rippling. They finally reached the bottom step, which put them in front of a heavy iron door that had several latches. \"I had this installed recently,\" she spoke over her shoulder as she undid the latches, but Aberline barely made out what she had said; he was too busy looking at his hands. The joints in his fingers were popping out unnaturally—the bones elongating painfully. Dark hairs began creeping up from under the sleeves of his jacket, covering the backs of his hands and knuckles. His nails had also begun to change—blackening and stretching into claws. The sight made him fall to his knees, and this time he knew that he would not be getting up again. Gwen's eyes widened and she quickly bent down and wrapped her arms around his heaving torso. \"Please, we're almost there. Just through this door,\" she urged, using her hand to push open the heavy door. Aberline let out a scream of pain and Gwen knew he would be of no help. Gathering all the strength she could muster, she pulled his convulsing body forward, throwing him to the ground in the dark room. His legs were still not past the door, and she bent to help move them, when the inspector kicked out, nearly knocking her over. His feet had begun growing, ripping through his formerly pristine black loafers. \"Oh God,\" she said, bringing a shaking hand to her mouth. Steeling herself, she attempted to move his legs again. This time he allowed her to, and once he was fully inside, she pulled the heavy door closed and redid all the latches. As soon as she slid the final latch into place, she collapsed back on the stairs in a frazzled heap. She brought her hand to her face and nervously tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear. For a long while she stared at the door in front of her, not hearing any noise from the other side. Feeling bold, or stupid, she slowly pressed her ear against the cool metal. She let out a short scream when the door reverberated from a strong, unseen force on the other side ramming into it, followed by a ravenous howl. The ferocity of it sent her scrambling up the steps in a panic. She made it to the top of the steps and slammed the wooden door behind her. With her back firmly pressed against the door, she slid down to the floor, her black dress pooling around her. She glanced forlornly to the large ornate clock that hung from the wall. 7:53 Lowering her head into her hands, she let out a soft cry mixed with relief and fear. The people of London were safe. For now. But the night was still far from over, she knew, as she once again heard the muffled howl from below, making her shiver. Okay, so I know that Lawrence's first transformation took less than a minute to complete, but I wanted to create tension in this part of the story. So, you'll have to suspend your belief a little... Besides, I've always held the theory that, like with most things, the first time is not going to go smoothly, so changing into a werewolf for the first time when one's body is not used to it seems like it would be a slow, painful process. I noticed that Sir John Talbot, a veteran werewolf, took no time to change at all in his fight with Lawrence, and the transformation was fairly smooth. Also, Aberline was fighting it the whole way through. Well, that's enough of me defending myself, lol. Reviews are appreciated![Chapter 3] It was at least another half hour later when Gwen found the courage and strength to move from her spot on the floor. She gathered up her dress and stood before walking into the parlor and traveling up the stairs to her bedroom. Since her return to London, she had been living on the second floor of the antique shop. Her father had passed away only two years prior, leaving the management of the store to his only child, being herself. When she went to live with Ben at the Talbot Estate in Blackmoor, the business was taken over by a friend of the family. Gwen had gotten in touch with that friend shortly after arriving back in London, explaining her predicament, and the kindly man was more than happy to allow her to resume management of the shop. Once in her bedroom, she let her hair down and changed into her nightdress, contemplating what her next course of action would be. She hadn't thought much past locking up the inspector. To be honest, after her rude dismissal from his office she hadn't expected him to even show. She knew she would have to release him in the morning, and he would no doubt be confused and frightened. He would probably need a bath as well, along with some fresh clothes. She glanced over to her bedroom closet, knowing just what he could wear. Gwen moved over and opened the closet to reveal several boxes littering the floor, and she bent down to sift through them. Finding the right box, she picked it up and placed it over on the bed. Inside were some of Ben's clothes and other belongings she had brought back with her from his room at Talbot Hall. She reached in and pulled out a folded white undershirt and brought it to her nose. It still held Ben's scent, and her heart ached with loss. Placing the shirt down next to the box, she pulled out a pair of black trousers and matching socks. These would have to do. She closed the box and replaced it back into the closet. Now all that was left was to wait until morning. Shutting the closet door, she closed her eyes and yawned. It was getting late, and the whole ordeal downstairs did nothing to help the ever-present weariness she had been feeling since returning to London. She moved over to the other side of the bed and lifted the covers, before laying down and snuggling into the silk sheets. Her head nestled against the feather-down pillow, but her eyes remained open. They stared out the window in front of her, watching the large glowing white orb that hung ominously above the night clouds. Months ago it would have been a beautiful sight, but now even that was ruined for her. Bitterly, she got up from her comfortable position on the bed and yanked the curtains closed, blocking out the dreaded thing. Getting back into bed, her thoughts turned from the full moon to the inspector once again. She wondered how he was faring. Was the wolf creature running rampant down in the cold cellar? She had cleared everything out, giving it nothing to sink its claws into, save for the walls and floors. Did the beast ever sleep? With nothing to do, she couldn't imagine it would feel the need to stay up all night. These thoughts began to fade as she drifted into unconscious bliss. Morning came all too soon. The sun's beams entered through the slit in the curtains, shining directly onto Gwen's eyelids. Grimacing slightly, she rolled over onto her other side to get away from the offending light. A moment passed before she attempted to rouse her fatigued body, spreading out her arms and legs like a starfish. Her foot was met with resistance at the end of the bed, and she looked down to find her fiancé's clothes there. The events of the previous night came flooding back to her and she sat up quickly, kicking off the covers. She ran hurriedly from her room and was halfway down the stairs before realizing that she had forgotten to draw a bath for the inspector. Cursing her forgetfulness, she ran back up the stairs and got the bath ready. As the hot water filled the tub, she placed a fresh towel on the towel rack, along with a new bar of soap and washcloth next to the tub. She left the bathroom and went into her room and retrieved the clothes that were on the bed. She brought them back to the bathroom, placing the pile on top of the clothes hamper. Stepping back, she glanced around the bathroom one final time, making sure that she had not forgotten anything. Satisfied that she had done everything she could, she turned off the faucet and headed downstairs to fetch the inspector. She grabbed a candle off a table in the parlor room and lit it with a match before making her way to the cellar stairs. Was he awake? Asleep? She didn't have much time to ponder this as she reached the bottom landing and undid the latches on the door. Her hand moved to grip the handle, before pausing. What if he was still not himself? She pushed that thought away immediately; Lawrence had mentioned that at the first light of dawn, the beast would go to sleep, allowing for the man to wake. Reassured, her dainty hand gripped the handle resolutely and turned it. The door opened slowly, the light from upstairs creating a line of white against the grey cement floor. The candle's flame warded off the darkness as Gwen cautiously stepped into the room. In the far corner, she saw the body of a man huddled on the floor with his back to her. Large tears ran down his white shirt, and he was barefoot, the edges of his pants ripped just above his ankles. \"Inspector?\" she called to him softly. She thought she might have heard a groan, so she inched closer and called to him again. \"Inspector Aberline.\" This time she saw the slightest movement from the slumbering man. She bent, placing the candle down next to her and rested a tentative hand on his side. \"Inspector it's me, Gwen Conliffe. I've come to collect you.\" After a moment, the body on the floor shifted sluggishly to face her. The inspector looked up at her with glazed over eyes which, upon recognizing her, widened, and he took in a sharp breath. He sat up quickly and scrambled away from her until his back hit the wall. \"S-Stay back!\" he shouted at her fearfully. \"I'm not safe to be around!\" His body shook violently as he wrapped his arms around himself. Gwen could see that the sleeves of his shirt were ripped, exposing his shoulders and forearms. \"Inspector, you're all right,\" Gwen spoke softly. \"You've been down here all night. You didn't harm anyone.\" Aberline continued to look at her with wild eyes, tremors wracking his scantily-clad body. He pulled his arms tighter around himself and looked away in shame. \"I should have listened,\" he whispered, so softly that Gwen, only several feet away, struggled to hear. \"I should have...\" Gwen pressed her lips into a thin line. It felt... wrong ...to see the usually steadfast inspector reduced to such a quivering state. She moved over towards him and bent down to help him stand. \"Let's get you out of the cold. Come on, up,\" she coaxed, gripping at his bicep. \"What are you doing? W-Where are you taking me?\" he asked as he shakily rose to his feet. His body felt incredibly tired and sore, and it pained him to walk as the woman at his side guided him toward the iron door. \"I've run a bath for you upstairs. It will help with the soreness,\" she told him. It took several minutes for them to reach the top of the stairs; the inspector had stumbled a few times, and Gwen had to pause until he had righted himself. It took another couple of minutes to lead him up the second set of stairs leading to the second floor. Finally, when he thought his tender muscles could take no more abuse, they reached the top landing and Gwen led him into the bathroom. After spending the night in what felt like a freezer, Aberline was grateful for the warmth emanating from the small room. His hunched frame stood there for a moment, taking it all in. Gwen mistook his stillness for hesitation. \"Do you need help getting out of your clothes?\" she asked. Aberline looked to her, and then quickly averted his eyes. \"No.\" Gwen only nodded, relieved that she would not have to degrade the poor man any further. \"I have left fresh clothes on the hamper. Just put what you're wearing into a pile somewhere and I'll take care of it.\" Aberline slowly nodded, still not looking at her, and Gwen took that as her cue to leave. As the inspector bathed, she went down to the cellar to gather up the clothes that had come off in the night. She recovered strips of his white shirt and tie, and next to that she found what remained of his black suit vest. As she picked up the ruined vest, she found a silver pocketwatch and chain underneath it. Her fingers ran over the watch's smooth surface as she plucked it from the floor and placed it in the pocket of her nightdress, before moving on to collect his tan overcoat and shoes. The overcoat was still damp and muddied from the rain the night before and had several tears along the shoulder seams, but otherwise seemed salvageable. His shoes, on the other hand, had not fared so well; the fastenings had been ripped, rendering them useless, and the seams had busted open. There was no way he would be leaving the shop in these; he would have to wear a pair of Ben's. With the bundle of clothes in her arms, and the candle in her hand, she left the cellar and ascended the stairs. She placed the bundle on one of the counters and folded up the tan overcoat, placing it next to where she had put the inspector's hat the night before. She looked over the rest of the scraps she had collected, noting the horrid condition of the vest. It was a shame, really; she thought he had worn the vest rather fittingly. Tisking, she took to readying the shop for the day. As she finished sweeping the floor behind the display counters at the front window, she heard the creaking of the parlor room steps. Surely the inspector couldn't be done bathing already? It had not even been twenty minutes since she had left him. Depositing the broom next to the front door, she walked over to the parlor room entrance in time to see Aberline coming down the stairs. His hair was damp and unkempt, and he was wearing the clothes she had put out for him. Noticing her, he paused on the bottom step. She gave him what she hoped was a warm smile, but it didn't quite reach her eyes. \"How are you feeling?\" He eyed her warily. \"I'm leaving.\" Gwen's faux smile turned into a frown. \"What? No, you mustn't. You're exhausted and need to rest. Please, you can use my bed.\" She moved to lead him back up the stairs, but he raised a hand to stop her. \"Miss Conliffe, I am not staying here a moment longer. I am going to my home and changing into my own clothes, and then I am going to work,\" he said firmly, brushing past her and walking out into the shop. Gwen folded her arms and followed behind. \"Inspector, I don't think that's such a good idea. If you show up to work, your colleagues are sure to notice something is amiss. You...well, quite frankly you look like death,\" she said, studying the dark circles under his eyes. They had grown very prominent, and his skin held a sickly pallor that accentuated his cheekbones, making him appear malnourished. He whirled on her, cold anger in his dark blue eyes. \"And what would you have me do? Take sick leave? I've already missed four days this past month. They will notice more if I am absent than they will if I am present and looking a bit sickly.\" \"'A bit'? You look positively ravaged!\" exclaimed Gwen. \"Let me call for an errand boy and have him tell your superiors that you are feeling unwell and will be into work later than usual. Please, just stay in bed for a few hours, at least. It's not good for you to—\" \"Nothing is good for me anymore! Don't you understand that?\" he snarled, making her flinch back as he moved towards her. For a frightening moment, she thought he was going to grab her—to hurt her. He must have seen the fear on her face, because as soon as it appeared, the anger was gone from his demeanor, replaced with the resigned one he had possessed before. He took in a deep breath through his nose, letting it out slowly. \"Miss Conliffe... I am a cursed man. Damned, even. You must understand, if they even have the slightest suspicion...\" He shook his head gravely. \"They know of my injury. They know I have been out of sorts this past month. They are members of the Yard, Miss Conliffe—they can put two and two together. They'll crucify me for what I am if they ever find out.\" Aberline's eyes shifted to look somewhere behind her, and she followed his gaze to the tan coat and hat on the table. She moved over and retrieved them for him. \"You'll need shoes. I'm afraid your old ones have been ruined,\" she told him, disappearing into the parlor room. When she returned with a pair of shoes in hand, the inspector was already wearing his coat and placing his hat on his head. She held out the shoes for him, which he eyed before taking and slipping them onto his feet. As he looked up from the brown leather, he was met with a steaming cup of tea. He raised his eyes to Gwen, who shrugged. \"It's Jasmine tea,\" she explained. \"It helps calm the nerves. If you refuse to rest properly, you can at least do me a small service and drink it on your way home.\" Aberline lowered his eyes back to the cup in her hand, which he took with a bit of reluctance. He raised it to his lips, breathing in the lovely scent through his nostrils, before taking a short sip. It was like nectar to his parched tongue and warmed his body as it traveled down to his empty stomach. For a scant few seconds, he almost felt at peace—the pains from earlier melting away. But then he remembered where he was, and the circumstances as to why he was there, and he suddenly felt cold again. \"I'll be leaving now,\" he said brusquely, turning to the door and using his free hand to open it. The little bell above rang as he did so. \"Be careful,\" Gwen called behind him, making him pause. Then, without looking back, he exited the shop and walked down the sidewalk until he was out of sight. A little info on Aberline: I know that in real life his name is spelled \"Abberline\", but in the movie it is spelled with only one 'b', and since I am clearly basing him off the movie's version, I'm keeping it that way. Also, I'm messing around with his age and marital status a bit. He is supposed to be roughly about 50 years old in 1892 (which is the year this story is taking place). I am changing his age to 42 for reasons. Also, at this point in time he was married to his second wife, but again, I have chosen to keep him a widower, so sorry to all you history buffs for not staying faithful! Again, reviews are a big motivator, and they also let me know if people are interested, along with helping me figure out what I'm doing wrong, what I'm doing right, and what I can improve upon. But I still give thanks to those who are reading this story, but do not wish to review. I still love you. :)[Chapter 4] Aberline had made it home just before the early London risers began filing out onto the cobblestone streets. Back in his house, it was almost as if he'd never left. Everything was as it should be, and if he closed his eyes and tried hard enough, he could almost pretend that last night had all been just an awful dream. But he was too tired to try. Dragging his feet, he went to his room and shed his coat and borrowed clothes before dressing in his usual work attire. Looking down at the dirtied and ripped tan coat with a frown, he went to his closet and removed a black wool one, which he quickly shrugged on over his jacket. He gathered up the items he had dropped on the floor and tossed them unceremoniously onto the bed; he would deal with them later. Grabbing his black bowler hat and tucking it under his arm, he left his room and made a pass at his bathroom, knowing full well how ghastly he must have looked. There would be no time for his usual morning ablutions; one glance at the wall clock alerted him that he was already running late for work. Without pausing, he plucked his tan leather gloves from atop the coffee table and slipped them on as he left out his front door. Once he made sure it was locked, he descended the stone steps of his house. As his foot touched the sidewalk, he ran a gloved hand through his still slightly damp hair before placing on his hat. Several people had greeted him in passing as he walked the route to Scotland Yard, but he ignored them, his thoughts only on work. He knew today was going to be a rough one, full of lies and half-truths. Was that going to be his life from now on? He was an inspector of Scotland Yard—an upholder of truth and justice! Now, he had become what he had been fighting against since he started his career in law enforcement: a monster of the most heinous sort. The biting February air chilled him to the bone, reminding him again of the many aches throughout his body. As he pulled his coat tighter around him, he yearned to be back in the hot bath. Or in a warm bed. But no, he had to keep up appearances. And like it or not, he was going in to work today. He reached the London Metropolitan Police Headquarters in minutes, and as soon as he stepped through its front doors he knew that against his best wishes today was not going to be a quiet one. Inside, officers were speaking in loud tones to one another, with others running around carrying papers to and fro. Amidst all the commotion he spotted Hopkins, who was talking animatedly to a young officer. He waited, watching their exchange until Hopkins was alone before walking over to him. The younger man saw him approach and turned to face him, his eyes widening when he took in his superior's features. \"Where the devil have you been? We sent two officers to your home to fetch you early this morning, but you never came to the door. And, good heavens! What's happened to you? You look like you've been put through the ringer.\" Aberline glared at the young officer before replying. \"It was a...very rough night last night. I must have been passed out when they came for me.\" That, at least, had not been a complete lie. Hopkins' curious demeanor changed to one of concern. \"Are you still feeling ill? Maybe you should return home, then. Some bed rest might do you good.\" Aberline shook his head and looked around the bustling lobby. \"No, I am needed here. What's happened?\" \"There was a murder last night. Some old bum in an alley,\" reported Hopkins. Aberline's blood ran cold as he felt his stomach tighten. He quickly regained his composure before the other man could take notice. \"A bum? That is hardly unusual in London.\" He turned to go to the lift, and Hopkins followed. \"Normally no one would care much for having some of the city's filth cleaned up, but what's got everyone running around, tails tucked between their legs, is the way he died,\" Hopkins said as he walked beside Aberline. Aberline kept staring ahead, feigning stoicism, but his curiosity was piqued. Also, the other man's use of the popular idiom was not lost on him. \"And how exactly did he die?\" he asked as they reached the lift. He pulled back the gate to allow them entry. Once they were inside, he closed the gate and pulled the lever for the third floor. The small space shuddered and began to rise slowly. Hopkins leaned in close. \"Bloke was ripped to pieces. His body was covering the entire alleyway, they say. It's almost like...\" he trailed off. Aberline glanced sideways at him, narrowing his eyes. \"Like what?\" \"Like the Talbot case. You don't suppose that..?\" \"No. Lawrence Talbot is dead. I was there when it happened,\" Aberline said, looking forward again as the lift came to a stop. He opened the gate and both men exited and walked to his office. Inside, their conversation continued. \"They're trying to keep this under wraps,\" said Hopkins. Aberline removed his coat and hat, hanging them up on pegs attached to the wall next to the door as he pondered what Hopkins had said. Keeping this quiet was certainly understandable; with the killer dead, it would cause even more panic if a murder of the same caliber occurred only two months— exactly two months—after the last incident in the streets of London. No, the public could not know of this. Not at least until the murderer had been apprehended by police. \"There was only one casualty last night?\" Aberline asked, sitting down at his desk. \"Yes, sir. Only the bum was found. But from what I've been hearing, that was more than enough.\" Aberline looked down at his desk in thought. So it was an isolated incident. No talk of ferocious beasts or multiple victims. So far, the murder seemed intelligent; the work of a man. But he also took into consideration of the heavy rain last night. Hardly any people had been out, leaving few victims to choose from. \"At what time did the death occur?\" \"We're not sure, but the reports say sometime between midnight and three o'clock this morning,\" reported Hopkins. Now, the moment of truth. \"And where did the murder take place?\" \"The alley between Oxford and Mattis, sir.\" Once again, stillness overtook his body. So it had been the same beggar he had encountered in the alley the night before. Now he was dead, only hours after—apparently ripped to pieces by some unknown being. Suddenly he felt claustrophobic, like the room was closing in on him. He clenched his hands into fists on the desk. \"Sir? Are you sure you're feeling well enough to work?\" he heard Hopkins say. Slowly, Aberline unclenched his hands and brought one to his temple. \"Yes...I'm just thinking. It's all very peculiar, isn't it?\" Hopkins nodded in agreement. \"It certainly is. Do you suppose it could be a copycat trying to recreate the Talbot case? Or possibly even the Ripper murders?\" \"It would seem that way,\" Aberline replied absently, still processing the information. He honestly had no idea what to make of things. Months ago he would have said yes to a copycat in a heartbeat. Hell, it may even be the Ripper himself. The case was still unsolved. But, while the Ripper murders were gruesome in their own right, no man could create the horrors that the beast was capable of. Also, the victim didn't fit the profile of the others, and this was in a completely different area of the city. Perhaps a change in M.O.? He doubted it. But as it stood now, his perceptions of things had shifted, opening his mind up to whole new possibilities. If such a thing as wolfmen existed, who was to say unicorns, witches, or even leprechauns didn't as well? While he highly doubted a leprechaun was the culprit, he found that he could not fully discredit it. And he hated it. He hated the doubt he now held, whereas before he had been so sure of everything. He wanted so desperately to return to a world where fantasy was only found in the pages of books, and not stalking the streets of London and the forests of Blackmoor. The silence in the room stretched, growing uncomfortable. Finally, the inspector looked up to Hopkins and said, \"Come to me if you've any new information.\" Hopkins understood that as a dismissal and nodded. \"Yes, sir.\" He turned and left the room, leaving Aberline alone, where he continued to turn over his thoughts. He did little of anything else for at least a half hour, before he gave up trying to make sense of everything. His thoughts were muddled from lack of sleep, and he needed a sharp mind if he was going to be of any help to the case, which he was sure Commissioner Bradford would assign to him soon enough. But there was one thought that kept coming back to him, and it was that he was somehow related to the bum's death. It was one that disturbed him greatly, and he was more than content to submerge it as he leaned back in his leather chair and let his eyes flutter closed. His sleep-deprived body was begging him for reprieve, and he was willing to give it some. He let his chin fall against the front of his vest and drifted off. In his dream he was running. He was not sure why he was running, nor did he really care. People and buildings flashed by at his sides, but he paid them no mind. He was focused on only one thing. Suddenly he was no longer in the London streets, but in an alleyway. At the other end he could see a dark figure huddled against the brick wall. His body stalled for a moment, tensing, before he rushed towards the sitting man. A fierce growl sounded, coming from his own throat as he reached out with inhuman hands and gripped the man by his shoulders, pulling him up. The man remained limp as a rag doll, his head lolling to the side and revealing the skin of his neck. He focused on the pulse under the man's throat, and was consumed by a primal need to feed. Before he knew what was happening, he could feel the warm splash of blood on the front of his face, dripping down in crimson lines between his teeth and onto his chin. There was no other sound in the alley except for the animalistic snarls and the beating of the beggar's hand against the wall behind him. Beat, beat, beat... Knock, knock, knock... The inspector awoke with a start, nearly knocking over the lamp on his desk as he flung his arm out. He jerked back upright in his chair and brought his hand to his heaving chest. His eyes darted first to the lamp, and then to his coat hanging up next to the door, and never had he felt so relieved to be in his office. \"Inspector?\" came Hopkins' muffled call, and his eyes snapped to the door. Taking in a deep breath, Aberline straightened up in his chair and smoothed the wrinkles of his shirt and vest with his hands. Once the frantic beating of his heart slowed, he responded, \"Come in.\" The door opened and Hopkins entered, shutting it behind him. He walked over to his desk and placed a manila folder down in front of him. Aberline eyed it before looking up questioningly at the other man. \"What is this?\" he asked, sliding the folder towards him and opening it. Inside were several grainy photographs. \"Pictures taken of the crime scene. I must warn you, they are rather gruesome,\" said Hopkins. Aberline looked at the first picture, recognizing the alley immediately. The only difference was the carnage that covered it. In the photograph, the beggar's body remained mostly intact; his head was tilted to the side at an odd angle, as if asleep. The front of his tattered jacket had been ripped open and was coated with viscera. Although the picture was of poor quality, Aberline could make out a piece of intestine hanging out of the victim's abdomen. He brought a hand to his mouth before continuing on to the next picture. This shot was a close up of some sort of organ laying next to the man—the liver, it looked like. It was hard to tell, for half of it appeared to be missing. Several more photographs were close up shots of organs and other offal that had been strewn about. It was the final picture that nearly did him in. This one was a close up of the other side of the man's body, and he understood why his position in the first photo had looked so odd: the throat had almost been ripped completely out. The neck bone was visible, and he could see that it had been snapped. Only a thread of skin kept the head connected to the rest of the body. He set the folder down and rubbed at his forehead. \"Good God...\" he muttered. \"If it is a copycat, they are doing one hell of a job, I'd say,\" said Hopkins, grimacing as he glanced at the photos. Aberline ignored his comment. \"Where is the body now? Have they cleaned the alley?\" \"It was taken to the Holborn Mortuary upon discovery. And yes, they cleaned the alley before anyone could stick their noses in.\" Aberline nodded. \"Have they come up with a murder weapon?\" \"Teeth,\" Hopkins said grimly. \"And claws.\" Aberline was currently sitting on a bench overlooking the large lake of St. James's Park. He had spent most of the morning making his rounds and questioning police officers who had been present at the crime scene. Most every one of them reported the exact same thing as the others: that the murder had been horrific. Several officers even alluded to the Wolfman attack months before. Aberline had attempted to assuage their fears of another wolf creature in London, but his assurances were half-hearted at best. There was indeed another Wolfman in London, and, unbeknownst to the constables, they were talking to it. By noon, his rounds had brought him near the park, where he now sat. In his lap, wrapped in paper, was a hot meal of battered fish and fried potato slices that he had bought from a vendor. Every few minutes he would pick at the usually tasty meal, but despite his hunger he just couldn't bring himself to enjoy it. The battered cod smelled particularly strong, and he avoided it as he picked up a chip of potato and stuffed it into his mouth. He stared out at the water tiredly, the small ripples created by the ducks lulling his body into a relaxed state. All he wanted to do was sleep, but he was due back to work in thirty minutes and could not risk taking a nap. Shifting slightly to keep himself awake, he reached down and ate another chip. Suddenly he heard a low growling noise from his left, and turned in that direction. About twenty feet away he spotted a familiar old woman and her Scottish Terrier walking towards him. The woman was smiling serenely at him, while her terrier looked as if it wanted to eat his shoes. \"Oh! Hello, Inspector! Such a lovely day today, after all the rain last night, wouldn't you agree?\" the woman said brightly, tugging at her terrier's leash as she continued walking towards him. \"Come now, Leo, it's only the inspector!' she chided the small dog, which continued to pull at its leash and growl. Aberline eyed it warily for a moment, before turning his attention to the woman standing in front of him. He forced a smile and brought a hand to the brim of his hat in a polite greeting. \"Mrs. Kipper. And yes...I suppose it is.\" \"I bet you're glad to be back in London after your visit to the Moors. Ghastly place. Don't know why anyone'd want to live there.\" She shook her head distastefully. \"I read about your injury in the papers, you poor thing! I do hope you are faring better.\" \"I'm managing just fine, thank you,\" he said, a bit too quickly. Mrs. Kipper's Scottie started barking, causing him to wince. He turned his head away and brought up his hand to rub at his ear. \"Oh hush, you!\" she chastised sharply, jerking on the leash and silencing the dog's shrill yaps. It went back to glaring at Aberline distrustfully and growled. Mrs. Kipper looked back to him. \"I'm so sorry, Inspector. I've no idea what's gotten into him! He's usually so well behaved around people. It's other dogs I have to worry about,\" she said with a smile. Suddenly what was left of his appetite had been lost. \"I'm sorry Mrs. Kipper, I have to go. I am...needed back at the station,\" he said, gathering up his now-cold food and rising swiftly to his feet. The action made the small dog jump back in alarm, before it started barking with renewed vigor after his retreating form. \"Oh, all right! It was nice talking to you, Inspector!\" he heard her call after him. He waved back at her before continuing on, eager to get away from the incessant yapping. He arrived home late in the evening, absolutely exhausted. The first thing he did after stepping through the door was kick off his shoes and toss his coat and hat onto the couch, before heading to his room. Once there, he collapsed onto his bed, still dressed in his clothes. That night he was granted a small mercy, and no dreams plagued his sleep. Poor Aberline! He can't even enjoy fish n' chips! But look, plot! I hope this holds your interest until I upload the next chapter. Drop a review to tell me what you think of this new turn of events. Or PM me. I can't get enough of one-on-one with readers of this story! Good day to you all. :)[Chapter 5] Aberline awoke sometime after eight o'clock that Sunday morning, finding himself laying crossways on his bed. He rolled over and sat up slowly, realizing that he was still dressed in his clothes. At first he was confused as to why, but then he remembered how tired he had been coming home the evening before. He stood up and stretched, feeling his back pop in several places as he did so, and went to his closet and put on some fresh clothes. As he was placing his old clothes in the hamper, he spotted his ripped overcoat and the clothes Miss Conliffe had given him still sitting on the bed. He knew he really should return them but, truth be told, Miss Conliffe was the last person he wanted to see that day—or any other day for that matter. He frowned as he picked up his coat to examine it. It felt a bit heavy, and he searched its pockets and found the porcelain teacup Miss Conliffe had insisted he take. He turned it over in his hand, casually admiring the oriental design printed on the smooth ceramic, before setting it down atop his dresser where he wouldn't forget it. When he found it suitable, he would return it along with the clothing. But for now, he was going to wash up. Today was the one day of the week he had off from work—something for which he was immensely grateful. He had made no real plans for the day, but he figured that going out and getting some fresh air would do him some good. Once in the bathroom, he took a wet rag and a bar of soap and began rinsing his face. When he lowered the rag, he studied his reflection in the mirror closely; there were shadows under his eyes, and he looked as if he had aged ten years. He had always looked a bit older than his actual age; the stress of being a London police officer was great, and even greater for him than most. Contrary to how beat up he looked, he felt well-rested, and soon he was leaving his house and walking down the crowded London sidewalks. It must have rained during the night, because there was ice and brown slush in some places on the pavement. In the distance he heard the Westminster Bells chime, signaling the commencement of Sunday Mass. Frederick Aberline was by no means an avid churchgoer, but that did not necessarily mean that he did not fear God to some extent. So when his walk brought him to the doors of his local church, he went in. The choir was currently in the middle of their opening song when he entered the large cavernous room with beautiful stained glass windows. The pews had already been filled, so he opted to stand in the back next to a pillar. He hadn't been to a church service in over a decade, and the people in the congregation seemed to know this. Several of them noticed him standing in the back and gave him curious looks, for what would the Scotland Yard Inspector be doing at Mass? He shrank inwards from their suspicious stares, seriously beginning to regret his decision in coming here. The singing of the choir did little to ease the turmoil in his soul; it had quite the opposite effect, actually. As they sang hymns about saints and the divine, it only served to make him feel even more of an outcast—like his very presence here was an offense to God. Bowing his head, he left out the front doors hastily. He felt lost as he followed the flow of people on the sidewalk, more so than he ever had before. The only time he had come close to experiencing something akin to this feeling of alienation was during the weeks after the death of his wife more than twelve years ago. At the time, he could imagine no future without his beloved, and had seriously considered leaving the force. If not for his mother's urgings, he would have. And looking back, he was grateful for her encouragement, for he could never see himself anywhere but in law enforcement. But with the drastic turn of events, he wasn't exactly sure of what to do, or where he should go from here. If he truly was cursed to become a beast every month for the rest of his life, then London was not the idealistic place to be. He was a danger to everyone around him if he stayed. Perhaps he could resign and move out to the country, somewhere far away where he could never bring harm to anyone. It would be a lonely existence, but a necessary one. But if he were to leave, would he be able to visit his sister and brother one last time? He would never be able to tell them of the curse. As much as he knew they loved him, he also knew that to admit such a thing would land him a spot in an asylum. He could not bear to hurt his family in such a way, and he certainly could not be held in an asylum with his condition—he knew how well that had worked out for Lawrence Talbot. No… He could never see them again. Maybe he could write to them occasionally, but even that would be too risky. By doing so, he would be opening a link between them. They would want to know where he was and why he had left without visiting, and he definitely could not risk them coming to see him. The very thought made his heart palpitate with anxiety, and he swiftly banished it. His options were grim no matter what he decided on. Sure, he could choose to remain an inspector at Scotland Yard, but for how long could he keep up the charade? Someone was bound to notice his monthly disappearances, or at least how worn out he looked coming in to work every few weeks. He ducked into a small alcove of a building and leaned against the brick, looking at people as they walked past him, blissfully unaware of the threat he posed. Could they see a difference in him? Had the curse given any sort of outward indication that people could somehow sense? Some inborn instinct that told them, \"Something's not right about that one. Stay away.\" If a dog could see him for what he truly was, then he imagined so could people. So far, the only looks he received from passersby were ones of greeting, but for the most part he was ignored altogether. He brought his hands up to view them. Through the tan leather, he could feel the chill of the outside air. He flexed his fingers experimentally; they felt normal. But they hadn't been two nights ago. He remembered, vividly, how they had changed—contorted into grotesque, claw-like appendages before his eyes. No matter how hard he tried, he could not fathom how an ordinary man could undergo such a gruesome metamorphosis. Was the monster lurking somewhere just underneath his skin? If he peeled back his flesh, would he find fur? He lowered his now-trembling hands in disgust, placing them in the pockets of his coat. That reminded him—he still needed to buy a new one. He exited the shop carrying several bags that contained a brand new overcoat, a couple of vests and shirts, a pair of black trousers, and a new pair of shoes. He had traveled a ways away from his home, and he did not feel like lugging the bags all the way to his house. He started to signal for a cab, when he heard someone call his name. \"Ah, Inspector Aberline! Fancy seeing you here.\" He turned to see Constable Swanson strolling towards him. The two were not particularly good friends, but Aberline had worked with Swanson in the past, and often chatted with the young constable while he was on his beat. \"Yes, just doing a bit of Sunday shopping,\" he told the other man, giving him a tight smile. \"Enjoying your day off? I'm surprised they're not putting you to work on that new case,\" said Swanson. \"You know about that?\" Aberline asked. He was unsure of how far news of the murder had spread. Word traveled fast in police circles, so he was not surprised in the least. \"I do, indeed. Horrible thing. So, you have been assigned it, then?\" he asked. \"No. I haven't gotten word from anyone about it. I suspect I'll be given it come Monday morning.\" Constable Swanson shook his head. \"What has this world come to? It seems all the loonies are comin' out. First Jack, then this 'Wolfman'. Now a bum, found tore to pieces in an alley. These certainly are troubling times. I do not envy your position, Inspector.\" \"Yes, well, the job has to be done,\" Aberline murmured, glancing away. He could not deny that the case was a perplexing one, and he still felt that he was involved in it somehow. If he left London, he would possibly never uncover the truth behind it. Perhaps it was just a lunatic, and nothing more. But he would never know unless he pursued the case, and to do that, he would have to stick it out a bit longer in the city. \"Well, I'm glad that if there's anyone to put things right in this city, it's you. I've heard the way other officers talk about you down at the station. You truly are an inspiration to us, no doubt about that,\" said Swanson, offering Aberline an appreciative smile. Aberline did not know what to say. The constable's words filled him with pride, but at the same time, he did not feel that the praise was fully deserved. Throughout his years as a police officer, Aberline had seen a great many things, and had been assigned many cases. But unfortunately, he felt he was unable to reach his full potential as he was often barred by his superiors from pursuing his cases to the fullest extent. It was the only complaint he had about his line of work. \"Thank you, Constable. I really needed that this morning, truly,\" said Aberline at last, returning a small smile. \"Aw, well I'm glad I could brighten your day on this otherwise drab morning. I am sure that whatever it is you're going through, you'll find a way to come out on top. Of that, I have no doubt,\" Swanson said with a kind smirk. He then pulled out his watch and glanced at the time, before swiftly pocketing it again. \"Well I should probably return to my patrol; Sergeant will have my head if I'm late again. Good day to you, Inspector.\" And with that, Swanson tipped his helmet and walked away. After watching the bobby leave, Aberline hailed a cab and climbed in, setting his bags down on the seat next to him. He leaned back, looking out the window as the carriage rumbled down the cobblestone street. All the way home, he thought of nothing but the constable's words, and any doubts he had about staying had melted away. It was decided: he would pursue the case, and only after it was solved would he consider a permanent move. Until then, he would be resigned to having himself locked up in the cellar of Miss Conliffe's antique shop. Constable Swanson was right. He could do this. \" A bobby? \" questioned Aberline, absolutely dumbfounded. Commissioner Bradford sighed. The inspector had come into his office early that Monday, interrupting his morning reading to ask about who was being assigned the bum case. \"I thought it best that we keep this whole thing quiet. Had I given it to any high ranking officer, such as yourself,\" the Commissioner said pointedly, \"it would draw unwanted attention from the public. That is the last thing we need right now.\" \"I understand that, sir. But a bobby? What's he going to do? A bobby is not capable enough to handle a murder investigation.\" \"It's only a bum, Aberline, not the Prince of Wales,\" the Commissioner chastised. \"Perhaps, but...don't you think the circumstances around the murder are highly unusual? It just doesn't sit well, least of all with the incident that happened months ago.\" Commissioner Bradford's cold eyes bore into his, and his walrus-like mustache twitched in agitation. \"This has nothing in common with that at all.\" Aberline sputtered. \"Nothing at all? Other than the animalistic wounds and overall savagery of the attack, you mean to say.\" The Commissioner bristled at this, leaning forward. \"You are treading on thin ice, Aberline,\" he told him, his voice raised in warning. \"Now, I understand that you were greatly invested in the Talbot case...\" Aberline frowned. He knew where the older man was going with this, and it infuriated him to no end. \"Perhaps...a bit too invested. And no doubt, a man who had witnessed the horrors committed by that lunatic firsthand might be suffering from some sort of mental exhaustion.\" \"You're saying I'm losing my mind,\" stated Aberline, the creases in his forehead deepening. \"You misunderstand me,\" said the Commissioner, folding his hands atop his oak desk. \"All I am saying is that I think you require a change of venue—perhaps less street work and more desk work. You can be of help to the case while also eliminating the burden of detective work.\" Aberline felt a low rumbling deep in his throat, but quickly stifled it before it could manifest itself into a full-blown growl. The last thing he wanted was more desk duty. \"Sir, I thank you for your concern, but really, I am fit enough to pursue this case. And if it is, as you say, a small matter, then there is no harm in assigning it to me. Bobbies are here to stop petty crimes—not deal with homicides.\" Commissioner Bradford narrowed his eyes, his thick grey eyebrows making him appear all the more like an overbearing grandfather. \"My decision on the matter has already been made, and there will be no changing it. If anything more comes of this, I will...consider your proposal. But until then, I think it would be best for you to remain here.\" Aberline stared at the older man a moment longer, before rising from the padded chair. \"I understand, sir, and appreciate your consideration,\" he said tonelessly. \"You are most welcome. Have a good day, Inspector,\" replied the Commissioner, who had already gone back to reading his book, no longer even looking at Aberline. Silently fuming, Aberline turned and exited the office, making sure to shut the door a bit louder than necessary. It was childish, he knew, but it was preferable to what he really wanted to do, and was less likely to get him sacked. As he made his way down to where his office was located at the other end of the hall, he spotted Hopkins eyeing him from next to his door. \"So, have we got the case?\" the younger man asked eagerly when the inspector approached. \"No.\" Hopkins' face fell instantly. \"Really?\" Aberline opened the door and motioned for him to come inside. When they were both in his office, he shut the door and turned to the other man. \"The Commissioner thinks me unfit to handle the case. He's assigned it to a constable over in E Division.\" \" What? \" It was no little known fact that E Division, which encompassed the district of Holborn, was the least competent of all the divisions. They had the fewest number of officers, most of whom would easily look the other way if their pockets had been filled. The occupants of the district were little to be desired as well, many being Irish immigrants and a wide array of criminal offenders. \"That's bloody ridiculous!\" continued Hopkins irately. \"I'd feel less insulted if it had been given to a detective—hell, even a sergeant! But a bloomin' bobby?\" Hopkins shook his head. Despite the seriousness of his conversation with the Commissioner, Aberline could not help but to smile at the young officer's enthusiasm. It was not unlike his own when he was that age, and even on occasion now. \"I know. I'm upset about it as well. But it seems Bradford's made up his mind.\" \"What's left of it, anyways,\" muttered Hopkins, shaking his head at the floor again. He looked back up to the inspector. \"I'm sorry, sir. I knew you had your heart set on this case.\" \"It's all right, George. Really,\" Aberline assured, sitting down in his chair. It really wasn't all right. It had been downright humiliating to have the case handed to someone much less capable than himself, and even more to be dismissed in the manner he had been. He and the Commissioner had always had a rather tumultuous past, but he hadn't expected to be glossed over so casually. Suddenly, Hopkins snapped his fingers, a look of excitement on his face. \"I know! How about tonight, we go to a pub and have a few drinks? I know it's nothing to celebrate, but why not ease the sting a bit?\" he said, giving Aberline a cheeky grin. Aberline raised an eyebrow at the unusual proposition. He wasn't much of a drinker—his first experience at a London tavern had been a disaster. Deciding against the idea, he started to shake his head. \"I don't think—\" \"C'mon! I know these past few weeks have been a bit stressful, and this bloody weather isn't helping things. I say we go out tonight and forget about our troubles for a couple of hours.\" Aberline had to admit that the idea of getting piss drunk did hold some appeal. He had plenty of troubles he wished to forget. And perhaps, under the pretenses of going to a pub, he could gather some information. Most pubs in Holborn were full of loudmouth drunkards; maybe someone knew something about the attack. He may not have been assigned the case, but by God that would not stop him from doing a bit of his own detective work! \"I suppose we could go for a few drinks,\" he said. Hopkins' smile returned fully. \"That's the spirit! Any particular place you've got in mind?\" Aberline thought for a moment of the names of pubs in Holborn. \"Hmm...how does the Andover Arms sound? Nine o' clock?\" Hopkins looked at him skeptically. \"What?\" asked Aberline. The other man gave him an innocent shrug. \"Nothing, sir. I just find it a bit funny you should pick a tavern within a couple blocks of the crime scene.\" Aberline inclined his head, impressed. \"How very astute of you. We'll make an Inspector of you yet.\" \"Maybe someday I'll even replace you as Chief Inspector,\" Hopkins beamed. Aberline brought a hand to his head and sighed. \"Don't push it.\" I cannot tell you how disappointed I am in myself for not being able to post this chapter yesterday night during the eclipse! Shame on me :( Speaking of, did any of you guys get to see it? I saw some of it, but it was cloudy that night. There was a sliver of it left and it was starting to turn orange at the edges before clouds rolled in. It begs the question of how a lunar eclipse would affect a werewolf... Now that could be interesting. But the moon appeared practically full tonight when I saw it. It also held a yellow tint to it that was quite beautiful. So I guess my timing is still pretty good, even if it is a day off! Aberline at a pub. Seems like familiar territory. But one really shouldn't drink when they are depressed. Let's just hope the inspector doesn't overdo it.[Chapter 6] Aberline waited patiently outside the entrance to The Andover Arms. He had arrived only minutes earlier, and already he had witnessed several drunken men entering the small tavern. Entering , not leaving, he noted. In the East End, it was not uncommon for men—notably of lower social standing—to wander from bar to bar after being kicked out by the owners for either being too rowdy or unable to pay for their drinks. After watching yet another group of men stumble through the doors, he turned his attention to the street, hoping to spot a carriage coming. Hopkins was running late, and Aberline was eager to be inside and out of the harsh February cold. He reached into the pocket of his brown vest with the intent of retrieving his watch, but found it was empty. He had forgotten the watch was missing, something he discovered earlier that day. It must still be at Miss Conliffe's shop—yet another reason to go back and visit her. With a sigh, he removed his hand from his pocket and looked up at the moon, which was gradually disappearing with each passing night. Good riddance, he thought as he glared at it resentfully. He lowered his eyes to the street when he heard the clopping of horse hooves, and saw a carriage rounding the corner. The driver stopped it in front of the tavern, and a moment later Hopkins emerged from it. Aberline was surprised to see a woman step out after him. The woman was dressed in the manner of a person attending the theater, rather than a lowly pub. Her blonde hair was done up stylishly in a grey ribbon, and she wore bright red lipstick which stood out on her powdered face. An elegant set of emerald jewels hung down from her ears, and a matching necklace adorned her neck. The dress she wore was, like the earrings and necklace, elegant, but certainly impractical for the occasion; it was a soft shade of green with long sleeves and ruffled skirts that reached all the way to the ground. To Aberline, she looked very much like a china doll. After making his brief assessment of the woman, he eyed Hopkins, and the younger man gave him an apologetic smile. \"I hope you don't mind the added company tonight. Elena wanted to join us. She's never been to a pub before! Can you believe it?\" he asked. \"I never would have guessed...\" murmured Aberline, before smiling and stepping forward to place a kiss on Elena's hand. \"Good evening, Miss..?\" \"Oh, do call me Elena,\" she insisted with a broad smile. Aberline picked up on her Italian accent immediately. It was subdued, possibly indicating that she had spent some time away from her home country. \"Very well, then. Good evening, Elena,\" he said. Hopkins stepped closer to Elena, gesturing towards Aberline. \"Elena dear, this is Inspector Aberline. We work together at Scotland Yard.\" \"Ooh, Georgie didn't tell me you were his colleague. Another inspector! How wonderful!\" she said delightedly, clasping her gloved hands together in front of her. Aberline gave her a curt nod. \"Well I'm glad you could join us this evening.\" He glanced to Hopkins, then back to her. \"But before we go in, would you mind if I had a quick word with, ah, Georgie for a moment?\" \"Oh, go right ahead!\" she said, never losing her smile. \"Thank you, Miss.\" He motioned for Hopkins to follow him and the two moved further down the street, leaving Elena standing at the corner alone. Hopkins looked back to her, a goofy smile plastered on his face as he gave her a little wave, before facing a glaring Aberline. \"What? I couldn't very well tell her no!\" he said. \"Why'd you have to tell her at all? This isn't exactly a typical night out at the pub,\" said Aberline. \"Exactly—it isn't. That's why I thought it'd be a good idea to bring Elena. While the men are distracted by her, they won't very well notice us, now will they?\" grinned Hopkins. \"I'll have to agree with you there,\" mumbled Aberline, sparing a glance at the overdressed Elena, before sighing. \"Let's just go. There's nothing to be done about it now, anyway,\" he said, turning and heading for the pub entrance. As soon as he set foot in the establishment, the aroma of cigar smoke and alcohol assaulted his nostrils. There was so much smoke in the air that it stung at his eyes. The gas-lighting combined with the smoke to create the effect of fog in the crowded tavern. Squinting through the haze, he found an empty table and moved over to it, followed by Hopkins and Elena. He sat down in one of the wooden chairs and casually glanced around at the other tables. Only being about a quarter past nine, the place hadn't become too rowdy yet—which was just fine by him. His ears were only now beginning to lose their unnatural acuity; either that, or he was just becoming accustomed to it. Even though the room was filled with chatter, he found that if he focused, he was able to make out conversations taking place from as far as the other side of the room. He heard a man talking to his friend about the stresses of working as a dock laborer. The men at the table next to the dock laborer and his friend were discussing, quite colorfully, how British women compared to Irish women—in several criteria. Aberline scowled, not appreciating what one man in particular had to say on the issue. \"Look at him. Already fast at work,\" he heard Hopkins say from across the table, breaking his concentration. He looked at him questioningly. Hopkins only smiled in response as he leaned back in his chair, placing a hand on Elena's back. \"What is it you two are working on, exactly? I bet it's exciting,\" she said, looking between the two men with a conspiratorial smile. This earned Hopkins another hard look from Aberline. \"Is there anything you haven't told her?\" \"Relax. I haven't told her anything. Only that we're here partly on business, is all...\" Hopkins conceded. Aberline opened his mouth to argue, but stopped when the barmaid approached their table. She was an older woman with a round face and greying hair that was pulled back into a tight bun. Aberline could see the onset of crow's feet at the corners of her eyes, which, despite the dismal venue, showed bright with enthusiasm. \"Welcome to The Andover Arms,\" she greeted in a thick Cockney accent. \"Wot will ya all be havin' this evenin'?\" \"We'll have a bottle of your finest wine,\" said Hopkins. He shot Elena a flirtatious smirk, causing her to let out a girlish snigger. The barmaid nodded. \"And'll that be all for ya tonight, sir?\" \"Oh, I think that will be plenty to start with. If I change my mind I'll be sure to let you know,\" he told her, shooting her a smile. She gave a curt nod and then turned to Aberline. \"And wot will you be havin' tonight, sir?\" \"I'll just have a pint of bitter, please,\" he told her. That was usually his limit when he drank at pubs. Even though it was generally considered a lighter form of alcohol, it still left him feeling a bit buzzed by the time he was finished drinking. The woman nodded and turned to leave, but Hopkins stopped her. \"Actually I think my friend here would like to try some of your Irish whiskey.\" Aberline let out a surprised cough. \"I believe I said pint of bitter,\" he said pointedly as he glared at the man across from him. Hopkins waved his hand. \"He'd like both, if you wouldn't mind.\" The woman looked between the two men, before shrugging and walking off to prepare their drinks. Aberline leaned in over the table. \"What was that about?\" \"You need to loosen up. You're much too tense, and you're suffering because of it. When was the last time you relaxed?\" asked Hopkins. When Aberline didn't reply, the other man crossed his arms in smug satisfaction. Aberline sat back in his chair, crossing his own arms in defeat. He was never going to a pub with Hopkins again, so long as he lived. Moments later the barmaid returned carrying a tray that had several glasses on it and a bottle of wine. She set the bottle down and began removing the glasses from the tray and setting them down on the table. Two glasses had been placed in front of Aberline, each filled with a dark colored liquid, while two empty glasses were set down in front of Hopkins and Elena. \"Much appreciated, love,\" thanked Hopkins. The barmaid gave a pleasant 'You're welcome' and left. Aberline eyed the contents of the glass, before looking at Hopkins. \"You're paying for this, you know.\" \"Of course. As long as you drink it. Trust me, that stuff will help you relax in no time.\" \"I am relaxed,\" Aberline deadpanned. \"Sure, sure,\" Hopkins said, rolling his eyes. He poured the bottle of wine into the two glasses in front of him, before handing one to Elena. The two smiled at each other, silently flirting with their eyes. Aberline looked away, annoyed by the display, and brought the whiskey to his face. He gave it a short sniff, and was surprised by how it smelled. He had been expecting a strong, pungent odor; instead, he detected cinnamon, and traces of honey. He placed it back on the table and picked up the bitter, thinking it best to start out with what he was familiar with. He took one sip from the glass right as the door to the pub opened and three men walked in, laughing hardily and jabbing at one another. Just by looking at them, Aberline could see that they were men of low social class. One of them had a beard of ginger, giving him away as an Irishman. The other two were harder to read, for both had brunette hair; one had stubble on his face, and the other was clean-shaven. All wore ratty clothing. The three ambled in and sat two tables down from Aberline and his companions. \"This'll be interesting,\" Hopkins smirked, bringing his glass to his lips. Aberline glanced at him before going back to looking at the three newcomers. Absently he took another sip from his cup. \"So which one of ya is payin' for this round?\" he heard the man with the stubble say to the others. \"Don't look at me, mate. I paid for the last one,\" said the clean-shaven man, holding up his hands. \"Looks like it's on you, Cormick,\" the first man said to the Irishman. The ginger-haired man—Cormick, apparently—reached into his pockets and placed several coins on the table and began counting them out. \"Good man!\" said the man with the stubble. Aberline watched as the barmaid approached and took their orders. All three of them ordered gin. When she walked away, they all stared at her backside and let out roars of laughter. \"What a bunch of piss pots,\" muttered Hopkins. \"Indeed,\" agreed Aberline, taking another sip. \"Well, if they do know something, we'll have no trouble hearing it.\" \"Hearing what?\" piped Elena, reminding Aberline of her presence at the table. \"Oh, not much, love. Just some street talk. To see what people know,\" he told her. \"Like...spying?\" she asked. Hopkins took another drink. \"Yeah, yeah. Just like that, love.\" \"Oooh,\" she crooned. Aberline went back to ignoring her and Hopkins and listening to the conversation at the other table. He had missed some of what had been said, but currently the three men were discussing some joke they had heard earlier about an Irishman who had died playing poker, and the other players had to draw straws to see who would go and tell the man's wife. Aberline was not impressed by the punchline, but the three men seemed to find it to be the most uproarious thing they had ever heard. Every head turned to their table as they hooted and hollered. \"Is this what most pubs are like in London?\" asked Elena, frowning distastefully at the three men. \"Only ones in the East End,\" said Hopkins. \"Just be grateful a fight hasn't broken out.\" Aberline went to take another drink, but found that he had already emptied his glass. He set it down and grabbed the whiskey. \"Finally. I was waiting for you to try it out,\" said Hopkins. \"With those three, I think I need it,\" muttered Aberline. \"Here, here,\" said Hopkins, raising his cup in a mock-toast. Aberline took a swig of the whiskey, once again having his expectations proven wrong. He wasn't quite sure what went into this particular whiskey, but the brew was smooth and round, and had a slightly spicy finish. He took another, larger gulp. \"So, how is it?\" asked Hopkins, eyeing the drink in his hand. Aberline lowered the glass to the table. \"Not bad. It's actually quite good.\" Hopkins smirked proudly. \"See? Perhaps you'll even have another one.\" \"Perhaps,\" he said, turning his ear to the other table once again. \"So, have any of ya seen that one bloke? I forget his name. Blankenchip?\" said the man with the stubble. \"Blanken ship ,\" corrected the Irishman. \"Whatever. He hasn't been to the last three games.\" \"Which bloke?\" piped up the clean-shaven man. \"You know which bloke! The one with the beard an' glasses.\" \"Oh,\" said the clean-shaven man. \"You mean the one who hasn't been to the meetings lately?\" The man with the stubble slapped a hand to his head in frustration. \"Yes! That's the one. I've been goin' to Archie's every Monday for the past two years, and not once have I not seen 'im there. What d'you suppose happened to 'im? \" \"I dunno. And I don't really care, if I'm bein' honest with ya,\" replied the clean-shaven man. \"Maybe the Wolfman got ahold of him,\" said the Irishman— Cormick , Aberline reminded himself for future reference. \"Naw, I heard in the papers they tracked 'im all the way up to Blackmoor and killed 'im,\" the man with the stubble said, taking a long swig from his glass. \"What was his name? Talbot? Larry Talbot? No, that don't sound right…\" \"I think it was Lawrence,\" said Cormick. \"You don't actually believe he was a real wolfman, do ya?\" asked the clean-shaven man. \"Beats the hell outta me,\" said the man with the stubble. \"All I know is he was some loony who went around killin' people left an' right on the full moon. People claim it was some kind of monster, but I don't believe a word of it. For all we know, he coulda been wearin' some poor old woman's fur coat!\" he guffawed, and the other man joined in. \"No, it was true!\" insisted Cormick. The other two silenced their laughter and looked at him skeptically, and he continued on. \"I know a bloke who lived in the area where it happened. He heard from a chap who was there that it was an animal. Stood up on its haunches like a man. Said he'd never seen nothin' like it.\" The men across from him looked at one another, before they each let out a laugh. \"You know what I think?\" said the clean-shaven man when he'd finished. \"I think you, and that 'chap', have had a bit too much to drink! Ain't no way it was an actual werewolf. I'd bet money on it.\" \"I bet that Conliffe woman would know if it was true,\" said Cormick. \"That's right...she was there, wasn't she? I heard they was lovers, her and that nutter. Also heard she was supposed to have gotten married to his brother, before he snapped and killed 'im.\" The man suddenly slapped his hand down on the table in revelation. \"I'll bet that's what it was! She wouldn't go with 'im, and so he lost it and killed his brother to get rid of the competition. Even went on a rampage, killing a dozen others before the coppers found 'im and locked 'im up in Lambeth.\" \"Roger, I'm starting to think that you have had a bit too much to drink,\" commented the clean-shaven man, smirking. \"I heard the whole Talbot clan were bad in the head. Into that occult nonsense,\" said Cormick. \"Well, if that's the case, and all of 'em liked to run around wearing fur suits, what does that say about the Conliffe woman's taste in men?\" asked Roger. \"All I gotta say to that is, if it's a beast that gets her hot an' bothered, then I'd be more than happy to show her mine,\" snickered the clean-shaven man. \"Watch yourself, mate. You know what it is they say about them crazy birds being wild in the sack,\" grinned Roger. \"You make it sound even more appealin'!\" All three let out hearty laughs and clinked their drinks together, before taking hefty swigs. Throughout the entire conversation, Aberline had grown more and more agitated. He had a white-knuckle grip on his now-empty glass, and his jaw was clenched. His cold eyes glared at the three ruffians, who seemed to have no amount of decency whatsoever. Degrading talk about women had always been a raw spot for him, but this...this blatant slandering of Miss Conliffe had struck a nerve. Sure, he had his own misgivings about the woman, but she had a good heart. She was a woman of substance, and even more, a woman of class, and did not deserve to have these heathens speak of her in such a despicable manner. Hopkins, who had also been listening to the conversation going on at the other table, turned to look at Aberline. He saw the steely grip his superior had on his glass, and the anger in his eyes. Something about the way he was looking at the men unnerved him. \"Don't pay them any mind. They're just a bunch of berks who are as thick as two short planks,\" he said. Aberline turned to him, letting out a breath of air. \"You're right. They're not worth it.\" It was then that the barmaid came to their table once more, asking if they wanted more to drink. Hopkins declined the offer with a polite smile, but Aberline surprised him by ordering another whiskey. \"Are you sure that's wise?\" Hopkins asked as the barmaid left. \"Not really,\" said Aberline, leaning back in his chair. Already he was feeling lightheaded, and the floor almost seemed to sway under his feet as if he were on a boat out at sea. When the new drink arrived, he wasted no time in drowning it. Hopkins eyed his boss, getting the feeling that it was a bad idea in ordering the first whiskey. \"Well, I'm not paying for that one,\" he said, folding his arms. Aberline grunted from behind the brim of the glass. \"Hey, gov. Don't I know you from somewhere?\" Aberline lowered his drink and looked over to the other table. The man with the stubble, Roger, had been the one to address him. \"I haven't the foggiest,\" replied Aberline, turning away. Roger did not give up. \"Yeah...yeah, I recognize you from the papers. You're that inspector they put in charge of the Talbot case! You were there when they killed the bloke, weren't ya?\" he said, grinning to his mates. \"See boys, he can tell us whether this is a load of dung or not.\" He turned back to Aberline. \"So, is it all true then? Was it really a wolfman?\" \"Yeah, what happened that night?\" asked Cormick. All eyes were on Aberline, including Hopkins'. He, too, was very curious about the subject. He had no idea what actually happened on that night, and the inspector never talked about it with anyone, so he was just as eager as the other men to hear more about it. \"No,\" Aberline said at last. \"There was no wolfman. Just a man who was very sick, and needed help. That's all it was. And I'd appreciate it if you would drop the matter. Miss Conliffe and I have been through enough.\" A beat of silence passed, before Roger turned to Cormick. \"Bah! See, I told you it was nothing but old silly superstition,\" he said, pointing a finger at the Irishman. \"But I heard it was a werewolf that killed all those people over in Lambeth,\" said Cormick, frowning. Aberline's eyes remained on the table as he took another swig from his glass. He drained it and lowered it back down to the table. \"You were mistaken.\" Hopkins could tell his superior wasn't being entirely truthful in his account. It was the way his eyes seemed to darken when he spoke of Lawrence Talbot, and how his voice had taken on a melancholy tone. \"He's said what's needed to be said, so let's all just go back to our business and drop the matter, all right?\" said Hopkins. Roger shrugged. \"Whatever you say, gov,\" he said evenly, going back to his drink. Both tables kept to themselves the rest of the night. Hopkins and Elena continued to chat and flirt with one another, leaving Aberline to drink alone. He had said no more than a few words and several \"mmms' and \"uh-huhs\", and eventually Hopkins gave up on talking to him. Occasionally he would glance across the table to see his boss silently drinking his whiskey. He wasn't sure what exactly had caused the inspector to become so sullen, but he knew it had something to do with what went on that night in Blackmoor. He would have to look into it more when he got the chance. It was half past eleven when Hopkins decided to call it a night. He and Aberline both had to be up early for work the next day, and taking one glance at his boss told him that he was going to need all the sleep he could get. He doled out the correct amount of coins and the three stood from their chairs (Aberline had some trouble with this) and left. As the trio passed, the Irishman gave a short little wave to Elena. \"G'night, love,\" he said with a cheeky grin, and Elena turned her nose up at him with a soft \"Hmph.\" Once outside, it did not take long for Hopkins to signal a cab. He helped Elena into the carriage, before turning to Aberline. \"You're welcome to join us if you'd like.\" Aberline waved him off. \"Nah, I'm fine. Just fine.\" \"Are you sure?\" asked Hopkins. \"I don't think you're in the best condition to be walking.\" \"I want to walk. I just...need some fresh air.\" Hopkins looked at him for a moment, not wanting to leave the man alone, but also wanting to give him some space. He tried one last time to persuade him to join them, but was denied once again. Reluctantly, he waved goodbye to Aberline, before entering the carriage. The inspector watched on in a daze as the carriage disappeared around the corner, before he turned and began walking down the sidewalk. In his current state of mind, he figured any direction would take him where he needed to go. But the thing was, he was not entirely sure of where that was, exactly. So, he just kept walking, turning at every few intersections, in the hopes that he would arrive somewhere . Somehow his aimless wandering had taken him to a familiar wooden door with stained glass windows. Without a moment's hesitation, he lifted his fist and began knocking on it. When no one came within thirty seconds—which to him seemed to be an awfully long time to be kept waiting—he tried knocking again. At some point his raps seemed to take on the rhythm of Yankee Doodle. At last, he saw the inside lights turn on from behind the window curtains, and he halted his knocks. Seconds later, the door in front of him opened to reveal a tired, confused, and disgruntled looking woman in a nightdress. Her knit eyebrows and tight frown relaxed when she saw who had been knocking at her door. \"Inspector? Is something wrong?\" she asked, suddenly concerned. Aberline had been looking down at her feet, and was in the slow process of lifting his eyes to her face. It took several seconds, but he finally managed it. At first Gwen thought he was leering at her, but quickly discarded that notion when she saw the glazed-over look in his blue eyes. \"Oh 'ello, Miss,\" he greeted, a slight slur accompanying his speech. As he spoke, he swayed slightly on his feet. Gwen could smell the alcohol on his breath, and frowned. The man was clearly drunk. \"What is it you want, Inspector? It's very late,\" she told him levelly. Surprise crossed his face. \"Issit? I'm terribly sorry, I had no idea.\" He started looking around, as if searching for something, before turning back to her. \"How are you t'night, Miss Conliffe?\" he asked. \"I'm...fine. Are you?\" she asked. He stared at her for a moment, before lifting a hand to rub at his face. \"I'm not sure. I don't think so.\" He continued to stand there, cupping his cheek awkwardly. \"Oh!\" he exclaimed suddenly, lowering his hand to dig into his pockets. He came up with nothing, and he checked them again, as if whatever he was looking for was suddenly going to be there now. Gwen folded her arms and eyed him curiously. \"What is it you're looking for?\" The inspector abandoned his search and looked back up to her. \"I have your cup. Or...I thought I did. Silly me…must've left it at my house.\" \"My cup?\" He nodded. \"Yes, the cup.\" He then made a vague motion with his hands, which she assumed was supposed to be representative of the size of the teacup. \"It's...it's all right. You needn't return it,\" she said. \"But it's yours. You simply must have it!\" he stated, a bit too loudly for what was necessary. \"I'm giving it to you. As a gift,\" she told him. This was a very bizarre encounter—one that she never had expected to have in her lifetime. How many people could say that they had conversed with not only a drunken Scotland Yard Inspector, but a drunken Scotland Yard Inspector who just so happened to also be a werewolf? The ludicrousness of it brought a small smile to her face. \"Really? You're giving me a gift? That's so very kind of you...but I hadn't gotten you anything,\" he said, suddenly sounding upset. \"You don't need to give me anything. Your company is enough,\" she assured him, bringing a hand to her lips to hide her growing smile. \"But I haven't got a company,\" said Aberline, furrowing his brows in confusion. \"No, I didn't mean that. I meant that your presence is enough,\" she reiterated. \"But I didn't get you any presents!\" he exclaimed, throwing his arms out at his sides in exasperation. Gwen couldn't hold it in any longer. She let out a soft chuckle. Aberline's face fell. \"Don't laugh…\" he said dejectedly. \"I'm sorry,\" Gwen said, trying to quell her little fit. \"It's just, you're so silly when you're drunk.\" \"I'm not drunk! Why would you think that? That I'm some sort of drunkard who stumbles around and–and spits and...is horrible and hurts people and...\" Gwen silenced what remained of her giggles and looked at the inspector, who had finished babbling and now looked as if he was about to cry. Suddenly she felt very bad about laughing. She knew that she hadn't been laughing at him, but rather at the way he was acting. But he didn't know that. And now she had seemed to trigger a sore nerve in the inspector. \"Inspector,\" she began. \"What?\" he said, giving a small, sad sniff. In the light that the shop cast on him, Gwen could see the glistening of unshed tears in his eyes. \"I wasn't laughing at you. It's just that, well, you're acting rather odd tonight is all.\" He sighed. \"I know I'm not myself,\" he said, shaking his head sorrowfully. \"I'm something much worse.\" \"No,\" Gwen said with such firmness that the inspector looked up at her. \"No,\" she repeated, \"You're not something worse. You're just drunk. You've had too many drinks and now you're getting yourself upset over nothing.\" \"But it's not nothing!\" he cried. \"I'm a mons—\" Gwen quickly reached out and placed the tips of her fingers against his lips. \"Shhh! Come inside,\" she hissed, glancing around to make sure there were no people outside. \"And please stop shouting.\" He reached up and swatted her hand away from his mouth. \"No! I'll shout if I damn well please!\" he cried indignantly, even going as far as stomping his foot like a spoilt child. Once again Gwen glanced around nervously. \"If you must shout, then please do it inside.\" He stared at her silently, and to her surprise, he actually stepped forward to come in. Gwen moved to the side to allow him through, and shut the door behind him and locked it. When she turned to face him, she saw him wiping at his eyes with his sleeve. \"Would you like some tea?\" she offered. He lowered his arm and gave another sad sniff. \"Dogs don't drink tea.\" Oh for heaven's sake... Gwen wanted to roll her eyes, but thought better of it. She feared any outward sign of aggression might set him off again. \"How about some water, then?\" The inspector thought on this for a moment, then slowly nodded. \"Very good. Why don't you go sit in the parlor while I get it for you?\" \"All right...\" he said pitifully, before sulking off to the other room, accidentally bumping into a display counter as he went. Gwen blew out a tired puff of air, before following behind him. Minutes later, both were seated in the parlor room. Aberline sat hunched over slightly on the small couch, staring deeply into the glass of water he had clutched between his hands. Gwen was content to watch as he slowly brought it to his lips and began to drink from it. It was probably for the best that he was drinking water; Gwen remembered many a time when her father had come home from a night out at the pub with his friends, and a glass of water seemed to help alleviate the effects of the alcohol. She wasn't sure how much the inspector had consumed that night, but judging by the way he was behaving it had to have been more than a few drinks. He lowered the glass to his lap. \"I don't understand why this happened,\" he said mournfully. \"I'm a decent enough man, aren't I?\" He looked to her for confirmation. \"Of course you are. You've done nothing to deserve this,\" she assured him. \"Is it because I didn't believe? How could I? Something as incredible as this...how could I have possibly known? I'm so, so sorry! I condemned a man who only needed help. And now I'm paying for it,\" he said, lowering his head into his hand. \"It wasn't your fault,\" said Gwen. He removed his hand and stared at her incredulously. \"How can you, of all people, say that? It was my fault Lawrence Talbot was sent to Lambeth. All those deaths he caused...because I didn't believe! Oh God, please forgive me!\" he cried, setting the glass down on the table and bringing both hands to his face. He began rocking back and forth on the couch anxiously. \"Stop this, Inspector. Listen,\" she commanded firmly, \"I don't blame you for what happened to Lawrence, and I'm sure if he were here, he wouldn't blame you either.\" Aberline wiped at his eyes and looked back up to her, obvious pain etched on his face. \"If I've truly done nothing to deserve this, then why? Why? I don't understand it!\" he cried miserably. \"It just happened. There's nothing you could have done to prevent what happened that night. But we can fix it. We both know better now, and we can make this right,\" said Gwen. Aberline studied her for several seconds, before shaking his head and lowering it. Silence stretched between them, until he finally spoke. \"Why are you doing this?\" he murmured, not lifting his eyes from his hands. \"What do you mean?\" she asked. \"This,\" he said, moving his head to look around the room, before settling on her. \"Helping me. Why?\" He asked it in such a way that left no doubt that he was genuinely perplexed as to why someone would go out of their way to help someone like him. It made Gwen's heart ache. \"It's not just you that I'm helping,\" she told him. \"By choosing to help you, I'm also protecting other people.\" After a moment, Aberline nodded slowly, seeming to accept her explanation. \"I see,\" he said, going back to looking down at his hands, which were clenched into fists atop his lap. \"But to protect others, I must be kept away.\" Gwen nodded. \"Yes, exactly. That's what the cellar is for. Every full moon, you'll go down there. To keep everyone safe.\" Aberline shook his head. \"What's the point? I could just end it all. I could put a stop to this, and then everyone would be safe. I'd be less of a burden.\" \" No ,\" Gwen said sharply. \"You mustn't think like that. There is another way, Inspector. Sir John kept himself locked away for twenty-five years.\" \"And look what happened! Sooner or later, it will get out, and when it does, lives will be lost. I couldn't live with myself...I won't allow myself to become a murderer,\" said Aberline, hanging his head defeatedly. \"I won't let that happen.\" Gwen leaned forward and placed her hands over the inspector's. He looked up to her with bleary eyes. \" We won't let that happen,\" she continued. \"I know it's possible. We can beat this together. Please, just hold on. I promise you things will get better.\" \"You can't promise such a thing,\" he told her softly. She gave him a small smile. \"Well I just did.\" This chapter was a beast to write (heh). I don't know what it was, but it just didn't flow as naturally as the previous chapters did, and I think it sort of shows. Maybe I'm just being hard on myself. It was a known fact that the real Aberline could not hold his drink. His first time at an Irish pub didn't go over too well... This was a very long chapter, nearly 2,500 words longer than average, which might be part of the reason why I had trouble writing it. It's defnitely the reason why it took me so long to get it out to you guys. I hope the flow of it isn't too jarring. It is a lot more dialogue heavy than the others have been. Also, to make an already long chapter even longer, I want to give thanks to Bhoddisatva and Darkrose1310 for actually taking the time to respond to my messages. You guys truly motivate me to keep up with the updates, and even inspire some things in the story. I knew going into writing this that it would not get a lot of attention. I wrote this mainly for myself, and for the few people who enjoyed The Wolfman enough to look it up on this site in search of a good story. I just hope this lives up to your high expectations![Chapter 7] Aberline exited the carriage slowly. He was having trouble coordinating his movements and his foot nearly missed the step. It took a while, but eventually he got his feet on the ground, and he muttered a farewell to the driver before turning and ascending the steps to his house. He pulled out his key ring and thumbed through several keys before finding what he thought was the key to his house (he couldn't be sure, since his vision seemed to be going out of focus), which he then tried inserting into the lock. To his irritation, he missed. He tried again several more times, but the key seemed to be working against him. Letting out an angry groan, he clutched the keys in his hand and began banging on his door, a rather silly action considering he lived alone. He even gave the door a good kick, and when that didn't work, he resorted back to trying the keys again. It took all his concentration to steady his hand, but he managed to get the tip of the key into the small opening. Capital! he thought excitedly, grinning with smug satisfaction at finally besting the infuriating keyhole. His excitement turned into frustration when he tried to push the key in further, and met resistance. It was the wrong key. He stood there, glaring at the key, before letting loose a slew of foul curses that would have made an Irishman proud. He yanked the key out as he continued to mutter obscenities. Finding the right key this time, he twisted it and opened the door roughly, letting it slam against the inside wall. He stumbled inside his house, shutting the door behind him before pocketing his keys and removing his coat and hat, which he then hung on the coat rack. Still fuming, he moved to turn around. As he did, the toe of his shoe caught on his umbrella holder, sending it toppling over, and nearly him along with it. \"Bloody..! Damnit!\" he growled, bending down to right the overturned holder. The umbrella hadn't been knocked loose, but something else—something silver —had. Aberline squinted down at the object, recognizing it as the silver wolf's head cane that had once belonged to Lawrence Talbot. He had brought it back home to London with him, thinking of it as nothing more than a memento; a grim reminder of the events leading up to Talbot's demise, and unknowingly, his own. Had he not been extremely drunk at the moment, he probably would have reevaluated his decision to keep the cane. But right now, he was angry. Angry at the cane, which stared back at him with unblinking silver eyes. Angry at the horrible hand that life had dealt him. And most of all, he was angry at his inability to do anything to change it. With an enraged snarl, he clutched the cane in his hand and chucked it across the room. It hit the wall with a heavy thud before bouncing off and landing somewhere out of view. The inspector stood there for a moment, his shoulders rising and falling with each rasping breath he took. Anger clouded his vision, and he was beginning to feel quite hot. His equilibrium suddenly took a drastic turn for the worse. He staggered forward several steps, and had to bring a hand to his mouth when he felt bile begin to rise to his throat. He rushed to his bathroom, flipping on the light switch before dropping down to his knees over the toilet just in time to expel the toxins in his stomach. His body forced him to repeat this action several more times until nothing was left, leaving him feeling hollow. When the purging had finally ceased, he was left gasping for air, his whole body trembling. He felt tired and weak, and his stomach and sides ached. Suddenly, he was back in that cold dark cellar again, as his body turned on itself, hearing his cries of pain morph into bestial growls. What he was feeling now, hunched over on the floor of his bathroom, was nothing compared to the agony and crushing helplessness he had felt then. He wished to never have to feel that way again. He could make sure that he never did. On unsteady legs, he lifted himself to his feet, gripping the edge of the sink for support. He viewed his reflection in the mirror; his eyes were red and puffy, his hair wild and unkempt, and sweat glistened on his forehead. The man staring back at him looked rabid—like an animal that needed to be put down. With wavering hands, he threw open the doors of his medicine cabinet and pulled out a small, folded device. He slowly opened it to its full length, watching how the light from the room's overhead bulb gleamed off of its blade. He tugged off his suit jacket with his free hand, letting it fall to the floor at his feet, and then began to unfasten the cufflink of his left sleeve, revealing the soft flesh of his wrist. Reaffirming his grip on the razor's handle, he lowered his hand so that the blade hovered less than an inch above his wrist. For several minutes he remained absolutely still, save for the slight trembling of his hand. The longer he waited, the more he could feel his resolve weakening. Just do it. The appearance of the voice startled him, and the razor nearly slipped from his hand, which by now had become slick with perspiration. The voice had been his own, but yet it was not. It was darker, more sinister in its intentions. \"I...I-I can't,\" he told the voice. Yet his hand had moved to reestablish its grip on the razor, contradicting his claim. You have to. You're too dangerous to be allowed to live, the voice inside his head reasoned. \"But Miss Conliffe...she can help me. She'll lock me away...keep me from hurting people.\" The voice laughed at him, dark and condescending. And how long will that last before it escapes? Or when she grows tired of having a monster in her basement? \"She–sh-she won't! She cares, she does! She wants to help me,\" he told the voice, trying to sound more assured than he was feeling. No she doesn't. She only cares about keeping others safe from you. You heard her yourself. \"I want them to be safe, too!\" he cried. Lies! If you truly cared, you wouldn't be hesitating. What kind of a man are you? Oh, that's right—you're not. Not anymore. Tears began falling, and Aberline grit his teeth as he pressed the blade to his skin, just millimeters away from the enticing, bulging vein of his wrist. A droplet of crimson appeared from the point where the blade was buried. There, you've done it! Now just one small movement and you will rid yourself of this curse. Aberline knew he would be ridding himself of a lot more than that. \"But there is still so much I have left to do,\" he told the voice. You mean that there are so many innocent people left to kill , hissed the voice. \"No! No, that's not what I meant—\" Well that's what will happen if you don't put an end to this now. Out of desperation, Aberline's thoughts turned to his family. His brother and sister...how heartbroken they would be to hear news of his death. You know very well that if they knew what you were, they would hate you. They would want you dead. Aberline shook his head. \"No, they wouldn't... They wouldn't!\" WHO WOULD WANT A MONSTER FOR A BROTHER? roared the voice, making Aberline clench his eyes shut in anguish. More blood ran down his wrist as the blade cut deeper. Let go, Francis. Let go for them, the voice hissed darkly, like a snake slithering through his mind. He wanted so much to obey, but still something held him back. This should have been over and done with by now. Are you really so selfish? the voice taunted. Aberline's throat was so tight that he could no longer verbally respond. His breath was coming out in rasps, and tears blurred his vision, making everything appear double. He turned his thoughts away from the people in his present, and instead looked to the people from his past. His father— He would want you to do the right thing. His mother— Would be ashamed to have you for a son. His love, Martha—surely she wouldn't want him to do this! If she were alive, she wouldn't be able to stand the sight of you. She would have been smart enough to leave. Who in their right mind could ever love a monster? Miss Conliffe had. She had seen the good in Lawrence Talbot when others could not. She wanted to save him. Much like she was trying to save his own self now. Stop this now! She doesn't care! Talbot was nothing but a ticking time bomb. An animal! She was just too stupid to see it! He knew she cared. If she didn't, why would she treat him with such kindness? She had no obligation to. She could just lock him up at night and turn him loose in the morning without even saying a word to him. But instead, she treated him like a person. Like a man, and not a— Monster? That's exactly what you are. You will be a burden on her. She'll be glad to be rid of you without having to dirty her hands, like she did with Talbot. Did she think him a burden? Nothing she had said to him would lead him to believe that. She was willing to house him when there was a full moon. Because of her actions, she had saved lives. If not for her, he would already be a murderer. He took some comfort from knowing that there was no blood on his hands. Perhaps not yet. But there will be. Don't delude yourself. It's only a matter of time before you kill someone. \"There's still the case,\" Aberline said, having managed to find his voice again. What case? You mean the one that wasn't assigned to you? Bradford thinks you're not fit to handle it—that you're too sick. And he's absolutely right. \"No,\" said Aberline, shaking his head adamantly. \"I can still be of help. It's not right. Something killed that man, and it wasn't human. I...I can feel it.\" It doesn't matter! There's nothing you can do. The curse has taken everything from you. It will continue to take everything! \"Stop!\" Aberline shouted at himself in the mirror. Just do it already! You're so close! End it! End it all! screamed the voice. With a roar of frustration, Aberline threw the blade against the wall. It broke on impact, sending the now-separate pieces scattering across the bathroom tile. He clutched at the sides of his head with both hands and backed up against the wall. His wobbly legs gave out from underneath him and he sank to the floor. He couldn't bring himself to do it. He was too weak. A strangled sob tore from his throat, and his body began heaving. Suddenly all the anger, sorrow, and guilt that had built up over the past several days had been let out. The dam, which had begun to crack back at Miss Conliffe's shop, had now completely smashed open, allowing all the raw emotions to flood outward. That night he cried for hours, leaning against the tub and holding himself like a frightened child. Before his body succumbed to exhaustion, the last thing Aberline saw was the blade lying on the floor only a meter away. The last thought that entered his mind before he lost consciousness was whether or not he had done the right thing. For everyone's sake, he prayed that he did. The inspector was feeling a bit worse for wear the next morning as he sat in his darkened office, cradling his head in his hand. Less than two hours earlier, he had awoken on the floor of his bathroom with a splitting headache. How he managed to make himself look presentable and arrive at work on time was beyond him. But now here he was, regardless of how much he wished he was not. He couldn't remember much of the night before. He knew that he had left Hopkins and Elena after exiting the tavern, and that he had talked with Miss Conliffe in her shop—something that almost seemed like a dream to him. But it hadn't been a dream. He remembered her laughing at him, and him becoming upset, but could not recall much of what had been said. But he did remember the promise she had made to him. Did he dare to believe her? To hope? Hope seemed like a foreign concept to him now—something that he would never be able to attain. But when he was with her, he felt the barest traces of it, if only just for a moment. Slowly, he pulled back his left sleeve to reveal his wrist. That was something he remembered much more vividly: the suicide attempt, and the horrible voice that had invaded his mind, trying to bring him over the edge from which there was no return. He had washed the dried blood from his wrist after awakening, expecting to find a small cut that was in the early process of healing underneath. But no—what he found instead was nothing more than a faded white scar. Now, as he traced his thumb over the slightly raised flesh, already much less prominent than it had been hours earlier, he couldn't help but stare in awe. The rapidness of its healing had both amazed and disturbed him, much like the wound on his shoulder had astounded his physician and coworkers. At the time, he had thought nothing of the wound's unnatural healing, for he had still been in that blissful state of denial. Now that he was aware that the curse was very much real, he knew this had to be part of it; what else could it be? He moved his sleeve back up to cover the scar, sighing as he lowered his throbbing head into his hand. This was all too much to deal with so early in the morning. He thought that coming in to work would force him to take his mind off of the events of the previous night, but he had made no progress at all since he arrived. He supposed he was grateful to be in his office, instead of at home. There was still a part of him that wanted to finish the act, and being at work prevented him from doing so. But he couldn't stay at work all night; he would still have to return to his home later that evening, and he feared what he would do once left to his own devices. It was then that a small miracle presented itself to him in the form of someone knocking on his door. He glanced over to it, before lowering his hand to the desk and lifting his head painfully. \"Come in,\" he called, attempting to hide the wince that the minute movement had caused. The door opened and Hopkins stepped in, carrying some sort of square-shaped package in his arms. By the way he was holding the package, it appeared to have a decent amount of weight to it. \"Morning sir,\" he said in a strained voice as he moved over to the desk and deposited the mysterious package. He let out a puff of air, glad to be relieved of its heft. His eyes moved to look at the window behind Aberline, which had its thick curtains drawn, preventing any light from entering the room. The only light in the room came from a flickering candle, perched on top of his boss's desk. He turned back to Aberline, giving him a curious look that went unnoticed by the older man, who had his eyes set on the package in front of him. \"Morning,\" came his superior's distant reply, before he looked up from the package. \"I was unaware you were also my errand runner.\" \"If I was, would you pay me for my services?\" asked Hopkins. \"No.\" Hopkins scrunched his face in disappointment. \"Drat! I lugged that bloody thing up here for nothing, then.\" Aberline lifted a skeptical brow, before standing and placing both hands at the base of the package. With little effort, he lifted it from the desk, and even moved it up and down several times before setting it back down again and fixing Hopkins with an unimpressed glare. Hopkins crossed his arms. \"Show off.\" \"What is it?\" asked Aberline, sitting back down in his chair. The display of strength from earlier had caused his skull to pound even more. Hopkins shrugged. \"Dunno. Oh, almost forgot—\" He reached into the pocket of his coat and pulled out an envelope. \"This came with it,\" he said, holding it out to Aberline. Aberline took it and turned it over in his hand. His name, written in cursive, was on the other side. \"So who's it from, you think? I haven't forgotten your birthday, have I?\" asked Hopkins. \"I've no idea. And I've never even told you my birthday,\" said Aberline, opening a drawer to his right and pulling out a small letter opener. He broke the envelope's seal and removed the letter from within. \"When is your birthday?\" \"Why? Do you have any more grand ideas involving loading me up with booze?\" Aberline asked sarcastically. \"Hey, don't be blaming me! You seemed more than happy to order those three extra drinks yourself,\" retorted Hopkins. Aberline ignored the man and unfolded the letter. It was written in the same elegant cursive that was on the envelope. He finished reading the first sentence before discovering the identity of the sender. Immediately he folded the letter back up and looked at Hopkins. \"Did you see who delivered this?\" he asked. \"It was just some boy. He didn't specify who the package was from,\" Hopkins told him. He raised a curious brow. \"Why? Who's it from? Whoever sent it must have paid that boy extra. Bloody thing weighs a ton,\" he muttered. \"No reason,\" Aberline deflected, glancing at the letter. \"It's from my sister. Just some...\" He brought his fist to his mouth and feigned a cough, his mind trying to come up with some sort of lie. His eyes shifted to the flickering candle that sat on his desk. He coughed again. \"Excuse me,\" he apologized, swallowing for added effect. \"They're scented candles that my sister made for me.\" \"Scented candles? What on earth does she put in them? Lead?\" \"They came with holders.\" \"Ah. Well isn't that just lovely. Do you suppose she'd send me some if I asked? Elena would love them,\" said Hopkins. Aberline gave a small smile, relieved that his lie had gone unnoticed. \"I'll let her know. Now, if you don't mind, I'm currently nursing a frightful headache and would prefer some quiet.\" Hopkins held up his hands and began moving over to the door. \"All right, all right. I can tell when I'm not wanted. Do let me know what she says, will you?\" \"Of course. Now...\" Aberline made a shooing motion with his hand, and Hopkins rolled his eyes before exiting the room. Once the door was shut, Aberline unfolded the letter and began reading it from the beginning. Dear Inspector, I trust this reaches you well. I would have given you this last night, but thought better of it. Inside is a compilation of books I have gathered from my collection regarding the supernatural. I suggest you read them at your own leisure; I don't imagine your colleagues will find your sudden interest in the occult to be just an innocent pastime. There is countless information to be found within the pages of these texts on the subject of lycanthropy. I don't know of how much help it will be to you, but I am hoping that you will find some of it to be invaluable. Good luck to you, Inspector. P.S. Your watch is inside. Aberline reread the letter several times, not quite believing what he was seeing. He had to look through the package. Standing up from his chair, he undid the tweed string that held the wrapping in place and removed the paper, revealing a box. He opened the top and found that there were indeed several thick books inside. He pulled the top one out and studied the cover: Lycanthropy by Dr. J.P.J. Kelsey. He set it down and pulled out the next, titled Werewolves: Lore, Legend, and Lycanthropy. Dumbfounded, he placed the books back in the box and stood there for a moment. He was not entirely sure of how he felt about the odd gesture. It certainly seemed well-intended, and he could potentially learn a lot from the texts. However, at the same time these books were most likely written by a third party, meaning that the only thing to be found within the pages was only theory and stuff of legends, and how much good would that do him? Still...it might be interesting, even if it would ultimately be a waste of time. And without having any cases assigned to him, he did have time to waste. He was about to close the box, when he saw a familiar shiny object wedged at the bottom. He reached inside and pulled his watch out by its chain, letting it dangle in front of him. The corners of his mouth lifted slightly in amusement. How charming. Fun Fact: Aberline's birthday is on January 8th. A bit of a dark chapter, but I felt it was necessary for Aberline to face his demons. Forgive the late update. Life waits for no man/woman, unfortunately. I just got back from watching the new Goosebumps movie, and decided to finish up this chapter and post it before I went to bed. I'm a bit exhausted right now, so please excuse any grammatical errors you may find.[Chapter 8] That night after having dinner, Aberline lit his fireplace and scooted his arm chair in front of it. He opened the box sitting on his coffee table and pulled out the top book, Lycanthropy , before moving to sit in his chair. Once he was comfortable, sitting in the warm glow of the hearth, he opened the large tome to the first chapter, titled \"A Case of Lycanthropy,\" and began reading. Delusions of being a wolf or some other feared animal are universal and, although rare in industrialized countries, still occur in China, India, Africa, and Central and South America. The animals in the delusional transformation include leopards, lions, elephants, crocodiles, sharks, buffalo, eagles, and serpents. Case Report A 49-year-old woman presented on an urgent basis for psychiatric evaluation because of delusions of being a wolf and \"feeling like an animal with claws.\" She suffered from extreme apprehension and felt that she was no longer in control of her own fate: she said, \"A voice was coming out of me.\" Throughout her 20-year marriage she experienced compulsive urges towards bestiality, lesbianism, and adultery. The patient chronically ruminated and dreamed about wolves. Aberline paused his reading. While he currently held none of the bizarre sexual urges accompanying this woman's illness—something for which he was immensely grateful—he did have experience with the horrible dreams. They were less frequent than they had been in the month leading up to his first transformation, but every few days or so they would return like a thief in the night, robbing him of his sleep. Now that he thought about it, perhaps reading this before bed wasn't the best course of action. He closed the book and stood from the chair, before placing it on the seat and leaving for his kitchen. Moments later he returned with a small clear glass of bourbon—not enough to get drunk, but just enough to calm his nerves. He took a sip from it and placed the glass on the coffee table next to him before picking up the book and sitting back down in the chair. There; much better. He opened the book back up and began reading where he left off. The patient chronically ruminated and dreamed about wolves. One week before her admission, she acted on these ruminations for the first time. At a family gathering, she disrobed, assumed the female sexual posture of a wolf, and offered herself to her mother. This episode lasted for approximately 20 minutes. The following night, after coitus with her husband, the patient suffered a 2-hour episode, during which time she growled, scratched, and gnawed the bed. She stated that the devil came into her body and she became an animal. Simultaneously, she experienced auditory hallucinations. There was no drug involvement or alcohol intoxication. Upon finishing the paragraph Aberline promptly closed the book, a look of disgust on his face. Perhaps he should avoid reading about real life cases for the time being, and instead focus his attention on lore and legends. After placing the book at the bottom of the pile, he removed the book titled Werewolves: Lore, Legend, and Lycanthropy. He read and read, until the flames turned to smoldering embers in his fireplace. Looking up from the pages, he could scarcely make out the time on the small clock above the mantle in the faint glow; it was nearly one o'clock in the morning. Just seeing the time caused him to set the book down in his lap and yawn. In the hours he had been reading, he had learned much. However, what he learned was practically useless to him, such as discovering that the term 'lycanthropy' originated from the Greek legend of King Lycaon, who was cursed to become a wolf after feeding the god Zeus a meal of human flesh. He had also learned other \"facts\" such as the identifying physical traits of a werewolf, which included eyebrows that met at the middle, different colored eyes, elongated canines (he had actually taken a finger to his teeth for this one, relieved to have found no abnormalities), and coarse hair over the palms and body. None of these applied to him, proving the information false. He had also found that there were more ways to become a werewolf other than by being bitten; things as ridiculous as donning a wolf pelt and chanting some asinine incantation, to simply sleeping under the full moon on a Friday. He failed to see the reasoning in that last one, but then again much of the lore was bizarre and illogical. Another yawn escaped him, and he decided it was time for bed. He dog-eared the page he was on before closing the book and standing. He placed it on the table and began making his way to his room, stopping when he reached the door to his bathroom. For a moment he stood out in the hall, staring into the dark room where he had almost taken his life only a day before. Part of him wished he had. But he had been drunk that night; his inhibitions lowered to dangerous levels. Now he was sober—mostly, anyway—and while he may not have cared whether he lived or died, he did not think he could ever fully bring himself to complete the terrible act should he try again. \"You can't have me. Not tonight,\" Aberline whispered, tearing his eyes from the room and continuing on to his bedroom, where he undressed and curled up under the thick covers. He was asleep within minutes of his head hitting the pillow. The next day followed the same pattern as the one before it, with the inspector waking, going to work, and spending long hours in his office writing out budgets and looking over reports on petty crimes. His workload seemed to have mysteriously doubled since his meeting with Commissioner Bradford, and he bitterly scribbled away at the many papers that cluttered his desk. It was during these times when he missed his old job as a police inspector the most. He had been allowed much more freedom to move around. Even before he had been bitten, he would often get stir-crazy after being confined to his office for such long periods of time. Every now and then the silence would be broken by Hopkins coming in to speak with him, often about insignificant things like the weather, what his plans for the night were, and other things that Aberline hadn't really paid much attention to. Sometimes the other man would bring in more reports, much to his displeasure. As much as Aberline hated to admit it, he'd had a much more exciting time hunting down a mythical monster in the moors, and he would gladly take that over the dreaded desk duty he was tasked with now. Each evening after work, he would come home and eat dinner, light the fire, and sit down with a book and a glass of bourbon. It had become like some sort of ritual. At work, he continued to make inquiries for cases to Bradford, who would assert in his patronizing, droning tone that there were no new cases to assign. When Aberline would ask about the progress being made on the bum case, Bradford would glower at him and say, \"It's being handled as diligently as possible. That's all you need to know.\" Aberline highly doubted that, but still he would politely bow his head and exit his superior's office, only to return to his own and busy himself with mindless paperwork that, in his opinion, was beneath him. This routine persisted for the next few weeks, until the moon was only three days shy of being full. Aberline grew more distraught with each passing night, knowing that he was being brought closer and closer to his undoing. It was like being on a runaway train without brakes, each mile bringing it closer to its eventual collision. Only Aberline wasn't a train; he couldn't simply be fixed up and improved to prevent another crash from happening. After his crash, he would be forced to piece himself back together only to have it happen again. And again. And again. How many times could he break down before he eventually gave out? He stood motionless, looking out his front window at the moon, nearly full except for a sliver of shadow. In his hand he held a paper which had a list of dates written on it. He had found the paper wedged between the stack of books and the side of the box nearly a week ago; he figured it to have originally been on top of the stack, but had slid off in the process of being delivered to him. At the very top of the small parchment, written in what he was now familiar with as being Miss Conliffe's handwriting, was Sunday ~ March 13. In the light that the moon provided, he read down the list for the umpteenth time since discovering it, displeased that no full moon landed on a Saturday night. There wouldn't be a full moon on a Saturday for the duration of the year, it seemed. This knowledge was very upsetting, since Sunday was the only day of the week he had off. There would be no reprieve—no time for recuperation the morning after. He placed a hand to his head; he felt agitated just merely standing in the moonlight. With an angry flourish, he yanked the curtains closed and sat down roughly in his chair, positioned in front of the fireplace. He remained there until the red glow of the last ember went out. The remaining two days seemed to only serve as a reminder of what was coming for him. His appetite had grown considerably, along with his temper, which was only made worse due to the insatiable hunger he felt. On one occasion he lashed out at a poor junior officer for simply getting in his way. He had ground out a rather harsh reprimand that sent the younger man scurrying off. It was only later when he'd realized what he had done and sought out the man to offer an apology. His change in attitude did not go unnoticed by the other officers. Aberline could hear their whisperings when they thought he wasn't listening. \"What d'you suppose his problem is?\" \"I dunno. He hasn't been right since his return from Blackmoor.\" \"Poor man. No telling what he's been through.\" \"Aye.\" It stung, being on the other end of his coworkers' gossip. He couldn't fault them for it; it was only natural for them to be curious about his particularly surly demeanor as of late. He just wished, more than anything, that he did not have to hear it—which was nearly impossible without having to physically cover his ears. That was another thing that had been grating on his nerves: the extra sensitive hearing. The March rain pounded at his window, and what would have normally been no more than a mild nuisance at best now sounded like large pebbles bouncing off of the glass pane. It was the cause of much grief while filling out paperwork. \"Are you all right, sir?\" Hopkins had asked him later that day as he was returning to his office after sending in his reports. He had been present during his superior's uncharacteristic outburst towards the young officer. \"I'm just tired,\" Aberline dismissed. \"I can see that. You're looking a bit pale, too. Maybe you should see a physician,\" suggested Hopkins. \"I'm fine,\" Aberline insisted, having become annoyed at the other man's unwelcome input. Why should he care about his wellbeing? He wouldn't if he knew what exactly had been the cause of his boss's ill health. \"If you say so,\" Hopkins said with a shrug of indifference. \"I'll leave you to your...whatever it is you're doing.\" \"Thank you,\" Aberline said stiffly, turning away from the other man and entering his office. He sat down in his leather chair, staring at his desk absently. He hated this wanton feeling of anger, which was more often than not directed at nothing in particular. He told himself that it was not him, but the monster that lurked inside of him. Still, that did not make him feel any better about his behavior. Just one more day. One more day of feeling like a wretch, and then you'll be free for another month. He wished it were that simple. He cracked his eyes open the next morning, only to shut them again at the invading sunlight coming in through his bedroom window. He brought a hand to cover them as he threw the covers off and sat on the edge of his bed, facing away from the blinding light. Slowly, he lowered his hand, letting it rest on the mattress next to his thigh. His body felt heavy and lethargic. Had it felt this way the day of the last full moon? It seemed so long ago, yet not long enough. With rousing effort, he stood up from his bed and stretched, discovering a small ache that affected his entire body. As he came down from his stretch, he heard his stomach growl, alerting him of its need to be filled—preferably with meat. The very thought of cured hams and legs of lamb caused his mouth to water. Realizing his body's odd reaction, he physically shook the thought from his mind, disgusted at himself for slipping into temptation. At least today was his day off. Maybe he would be able to get some rest, and that would carry him over into the next morning. It seemed a sound theory, but it ended up being useless in practice. He had tried, in vain, to go back to sleep, but now his body seemed to hum with energy. His stomach was also giving him grief, but he refused to give in to its want. Throughout the day he had nibbled on nothing but cheese and bread, both tasting incredibly dry in his mouth and upsetting to his stomach. Water seemed to be the only safe thing for him, other than meat. For a fleeting moment he had thought about attending church, before realizing it would be a fruitless endeavor. God would not help him; not now. Instead, giving in to his restless body, he spent most of the day outdoors walking the streets. It did little to calm his frayed nerves. All too soon night had arrived, and Aberline found himself standing outside of Miss Conliffe's antique shop. He was wearing only a loose fitting undershirt, his oldest pair of trousers, his shoes, and his new tan overcoat to help ward off the lingering winter chill. Before leaving his house, he thought it best to change into clothing he would not miss should they become damaged. At his side he held a leather bag in his white-knuckle grip. He cast a quick glance at the street behind him. People were still milling about, thankfully paying him no mind. He reached into the pocket of his coat to check the time on his watch, and winced when his hand touched its smooth exterior. It felt hot, almost scalding. He removed his hand immediately and stared at it; the tips of his fingers were slightly pink from where he had touched the watch's silver surface. Interesting. When he had left his home, it had been almost half past seven, and it had taken him no more than twenty minutes to arrive at the shop. So, it was nearly ten till eight then, and already he was beginning to feel the pull of the moon, pale and swollen in the sky, causing his body to feel heavy and his skin feverish. Not wanting to remain under its fierce glare any longer, he summoned his courage and knocked on the shop door. Moments later Miss Conliffe arrived, staring up at him with somber eyes. \"Evening, Inspector.\" She felt it appropriate to omit the \"good\" part on this particular night. \"Miss Conliffe,\" he replied, not quite bringing his eyes to meet hers. They continued to stand there in silence, neither entirely sure of what to do next. \"Shall we sit in the parlor and talk for a bit?\" Gwen offered. \"If we have time, I could make some tea.\" The normalcy in which she spoke only served to make him feel worse about what was going to happen to him. He just wanted to get in, go down to the cellar, and then leave the next morning. He did not want to burden her with anything else. \"No. I'd prefer it if we just got this over with,\" he said tonelessly. The corners of Gwen's mouth turned down in disappointment, but she gave a quick nod and moved to open the door for him. \"Of course. Come in,\" she said. He stepped inside and removed his coat and hat, hanging them up on the rack. As he released his coat, he realized that he had forgotten to take his ring off before coming. He removed it from his little finger and placed it safely inside the pocket of his coat. Gwen eyed the bag he had placed at his feet curiously. He caught her staring and he bent to pick it up. \"It's an extra set of clothes,\" he told her. \"Along with the clothes you lent me, and the tea cup. A gift for a gift.\" Gwen frowned in confusion, and he explained. \"My watch. You returned it to me, among other things.\" \"Oh. Well, thank you. For returning them,\" she tacked on awkwardly, taking the bag from him and setting it down on a table. She turned back to him. \"Are you ready?\" she asked. Aberline stared at her, before lowering his eyes. That was the only answer he gave her. Gwen nodded. \"All right. Follow me.\" She led him through the display cases and various statues over to the basement door. She took a short moment to light a candle before rejoining Aberline, who had taken off his shoes and socks and was setting them against the wall. Once he was finished, Gwen opened the door and they descended the steps—her leading the way by candlelight with Aberline trudging behind. With each downward step, anxiety filled his chest; he felt very much like a prisoner being led to his cell. Or the gallows. When they reached the bottom landing, Gwen undid the latches with her free hand and opened the door, pressing her back against the wall to allow Aberline to enter first. The inspector stared into the gloom apprehensively, then gave Gwen a nervous glance before stepping past her and entering the room. Gwen followed in behind, the light from the candle illuminating the small space. She had already known about the marks on the walls and floor, but she heard Aberline gasp as he stared in awe at the long parallel gashes that marred the brick. She watched as he slowly brought his fingertips to the etch marks, finding that they were spaced too far apart for his fingers to trace. He visibly shuddered and backed away from the wall. \"I did this?\" he asked in disbelief. His eyes lingered on the long gashes before he turned to Gwen, who hesitated, before nodding solemnly. The inspector appeared crestfallen as he continued to survey the rest of the room. When his eyes landed on a small mattress and blanket in the far corner, he turned to look at her questioningly. \"It gets cold down here, and I thought that...maybe you would want some comfort,\" she said sheepishly. The inspector's expression was unreadable as he turned back to the makeshift bed on the floor. \"I don't need it,\" he told her. Gwen parted her lips to protest, but he cut her off with his hard gaze. \"I don't deserve it.\" At his admittance, Gwen moved over to him and lifted a hand. He flinched slightly at the unexpected movement, causing her to hesitate, before letting her hand come to rest on his arm. He stared uneasily into her eyes, which appeared ghostly white in the light of the candle. \"Yes, you do. You deserve every bit of comfort tonight.\" She motioned to the mattress with the candle. \"This is all I can do, and it still isn't enough. I wish there was more I could do for you,\" she whispered sadly. Aberline was taken aback by the conviction in her words. He could see the wetness in her eyes, and smell the perfume on her skin, she was so close to him. If he focused, he could even feel the pulse of her hand as it held his arm. The feeling was almost dizzying, and he found himself lost in her scent and heartbeat. With grim comprehension, he stepped away from her, breaking out of his trance and causing her arm to drop back to her side. \"I think it's best you go, Miss Conliffe,\" he told her, swallowing the lump in his throat. \"It's...almost time.\" Gwen's eyes held his for a moment longer, before she lowered them and turned to head for the door. \"Once you've finished undressing, hand me your clothes,\" she said, much to his surprise. \"What?\" She stopped and turned back to him. \"Well, I figured you wouldn't want to ruin your clothes, so the most practical thing to do would be to undress,\" she told him. Of course . He didn't think of that. But now that he was, it made him blush. \"I'm—I don't think...\" he stammered. \"If you're uncomfortable with it, you don't have to,\" she said. He thought it over for a moment, before sighing. It made the most sense, despite how awkward it was. \"All right,\" he told her reluctantly. \"Good. I'll leave this here and wait outside for when you've finished.\" She bent and placed the candle next to the door, allowing him light, before rising and exiting the room. She did not fully close the door, instead leaving it cracked. He stared at it for several seconds, sensing her presence on the other side, which only added to his uncertainty about the whole situation. Honestly, he was being ridiculous. In minutes he was going to turn into a horrific monster and he was worried about modesty ? Shaking his head, he began stripping out of his clothes. When he was finished, he held the bundle of clothes in his arms, but before going to the door, he turned and eyed the blanket that was spread across the mattress. He bent down and snatched it up, wrapping it around himself as best he could with one hand before moving over to the door. He passed the clothes through the gap and felt them being taken from his hand. He glanced down at the small candle on the ground and picked it up and passed it through the gap for Gwen to take as well. He had no need for the light; he did not want to see what was about to happen to him. \"Are you sure you wouldn't like to talk? Maybe it will help ease your nerves,\" she said from behind the door. \"I don't have to come in. I could just sit on the steps and talk with you.\" Aberline closed his eyes, considering his options. In the end, he decided against her offer. \"No. I'd rather be alone...for this.\" Silence followed, before she said, \"Very well. I'll come for you in the morning with a bath drawn.\" When Aberline said nothing, she murmured one final goodbye and shut the door. Aberline listened as she set each latch in place, each click feeling like a punch to his gut. His eyes, although they could see nothing but darkness, remained on the door. It was only when his legs began to feel weak when he turned and headed over to where he remembered the mattress to be. His foot made contact, and he slowly lowered himself down onto it, moving so that his back rested against the wall. He let the blanket fall down to his waist to allow his fevered skin to press against the cold brick, providing him some small bit of comfort. How long would it be now? For his first change he had been outside and active, a stark contrast to how he was now sitting relatively still on the small mattress. Because of the stillness, he was able to pick up on every little irregularity going on in his body. Based on his quickening heart rate and the humming and aching in his bones, he estimated he only had a few more minutes; ten at most. The next eight minutes were the longest of his life. It was an even worse feeling, he decided, knowing for sure that the change was coming and that he was powerless to stop it. As the minutes ticked by, he grew increasingly distressed and agitated to the point where he was almost begging for the change to overtake him, just to end this insufferable waiting. At a loss for what else to do, he began to pray. Praying to a god that had forsaken him—praying to anyone that was listening, just to fill the silence of his solitude. He changed his mind. He didn't want to be alone—not for this. He should have taken up Miss Conliffe on her offer to talk; anything was better than the utter feeling of loneliness and despair he was being subjected to. Desperation gripped him as he stood unsteadily and moved over to the door, clutching the blanket around him tightly. Maybe she would be able to hear him if he knocked loudly enough! He raised his fist to strike the iron door, but before it could make contact, it halted its motion, restrained by some invisible force. Suddenly it began to tremble, and with several loud cracks his fist was forced open. Aberline brought his other hand to hold his wrist, trying to stop the spasms, but it, too, had begun to tremble and distort painfully. He let out a shocked gasp and backed away from the door, keeping his hands as far away from him as possible. \"No, it's too soon!\" he cried, before a wave of pain and nausea overcame him, and he doubled over and clutched his sides, grimacing. From underneath his skin he could feel his ribs shift sickeningly as his chest began to expand. The pain was so sudden, so great, that he could no longer stand, and he lowered himself to his knees. He placed one spasming hand on the floor to steady himself, and a cry tore from his throat when the notches of his spine began jutting out one by one. He fell flat to the floor, his arm no longer able to support his growing mass, and wrapped both arms around himself in a desperate attempt to stem the pain in his ribs. His insides felt as if they were being twisted into knots, eliciting more sounds of agony from him. Please, God, make it stop! he silently begged. He could feel his nails beginning to grow, cutting into the flesh surrounding them. His skin was on fire, and through the burning he could feel his nails/claws tearing into his sides as he desperately tried to hold his body together. The bones in his cheeks cracked and popped outward and the bridge of his nose compressed painfully, forming into some sort of muzzle. His jaws began to lengthen and his teeth were now shifting in his mouth, causing unseen blood to splatter on the floor as his canines grew into carnivorous fangs. Somewhere else in the cacophony of pain his feet began to elongate, his toenails forming into claws, and his large toes traversing up to his ankles to form dewclaws. Hairs began sprouting from his pores, coating his entire body with thick fur. All of this was happening simultaneously, and the inspector was able to feel every agonizing, torturous bit of it. His vision suddenly exploded with sparks of color, and he was now able to see into the darkness with unnatural acuity. He watched in horror at what remained of his hands as they raked over the floor, desperate for anything to sink their new claws into. There was nothing he could do but lie there, writhing and screaming in absolute, unadulterated agony as his tendons stretched and his bones broke and reformed, and muscles were ripped apart and knitted back together in unnatural ways. He continued to scream until his cries were no longer that of a man, but of a snarling beast. Finally, after seemingly an eternity, his mind fogged over and he began to lose awareness. It was like he was drowning; drifting deeper and deeper down as darkness closed in around him. The pain was fading— thank God —and the animal's consciousness was taking over. The last thing Francis Aberline felt as his mind left him, as he drowned, was unspeakable hunger and rage. With a snarl, the beast righted itself and shook out its fur. It remained on all fours, breathing heavily as it looked around the room with narrowed, hungry eyes; it remembered it from its first night in existence, and growled angrily. Furious at being trapped once again, it threw back its head and let loose a long, vengeful wail. At the top of the stairs, Gwen stood with a hand over her mouth as she stared down in horror at the cellar door. She had heard the sickening cries—each and every one of them. Then the howl came, and she let out a shaky breath. The change was complete, sparing the poor inspector of any more pain. But she knew that the transformation did not end with the beast. It ended with the man, sore and exhausted the next morning, desperately needing rest but unwilling to attain it. She felt he was a fool for putting his duties before the needs of his body, but there was something to be said about his undying dedication to his job. As much as Gwen wished it was not so, she had no say in what the inspector did once he was released from the cellar. The most she could provide for him was a bath and hot tea. Or...perhaps she could do more. She turned and headed to the kitchen to prepare for the next morning. That first section with the book reading was lifted directly from an actual book titled A Lycanthropy Reader: Werewolves in Western Culture and was written by Charlotte F. Otten. I'm not sure how stringent this site is about plagiarism, so I thought it would be safest to cite the work down here. It has been said that the real Inspector Abberline was less than happy with his promotion to Chief Inspector, due to the amount of desk work largely outweighing the amount of street work. I didn't quite get this to come out on the night of the full moon, but it's close enough! Hope it was enjoyable enough and will tide you over until the next chapter. Have a lovely night/day! :)[Chapter 9] As he slowly regained consciousness, Aberline became vaguely aware of something cold and hard beneath his cheek. He managed to open one eye—the one that was not currently squished against the floor—but all he could see was blackness. He placed his palm flat on the floor and strained to lift his head, grimacing as the muscles in his neck and shoulders protested against the movement. Now that he was awake, his body began to shiver from the cold air around him. Wherever he was, it was dark and absolutely freezing. Like a... cellar . He took in a sharp breath and quickly brought a hand to his face; his body instantly relaxed when his fingers met skin, and not fur. He lay there, hunched over, catching his breath from the scare and waiting for the rapid beating of his heart to slow. Now that he was sure he was himself again, he turned his attention to his surroundings. He could not rely on his eyes, so he began to feel around him. Underneath him was the mattress, but try as he might he could not find the blanket. There had been a blanket, hadn't there? His mind was still very groggy, but from what he could recall of the last night, there had been. Must've come off when... A shiver ran through him, this time not caused by the cold. It had happened again. He had allowed the curse to take him, and the knowledge of it made him ill. He turned his thoughts away from the horror of the previous night, and instead focused on finding the blanket. His hands roamed around him but touched nothing except the floor and mattress. And something... fluffy? He closed his fist around the foreign clump, finding that it felt very much like wool. He discovered several more clumps strewn about where he lay, and upon further inspection he located the source of all the fluff; there had been several places in the mattress where the fabric had been split open, revealing the wool stuffing within. With a groan, he rolled over onto his side and lowered his head to the mattress, offering some relief for his sore neck. He had not expected to wake before Miss Conliffe arrived, and the only thing he could think to do was to try to go back to sleep. His body desperately craved it, but falling asleep was nearly impossible with the chill of the cellar causing him to shiver involuntarily. He tucked his chin to his chest and drew up his knees in an attempt to keep warm. Beneath the chill his body ached terribly, only adding to his discomfort. So, this is how far he had fallen. Decorated Chief Inspector of Scotland Yard, reduced to a naked, shivering mess on the floor of Miss Conliffe's cellar. He was sure God was laughing at him. Fortunately, or unfortunately, he did not have to wallow in the cold for much longer before he heard Miss Conliffe's voice from the other side of the door. \"Inspector? I'm coming in,\" she called. Panic filled him as he heard the latches being slid out of place. He didn't want her to see him in such a vulnerable state, but it was too late now to continue searching for the blanket; the cellar door opened slowly, and light filled the room. He saw Miss Conliffe enter, holding a candle in her outstretched arm. Something was tucked under her other arm, but he hadn't gotten a good look at it before he shut his eyes. He heard her soft footsteps approach until they came to a stop right next to him. \"No...leave me,\" he moaned weakly, burying his face into the mattress in a futile attempt to hide his shame. \"Not a chance,\" her voice came from above him, sounding almost motherly. He heard the clink of the candle being set down. \"Here,\" she said, and suddenly his body was enveloped in warmth. He let out a soft sigh and pulled the heavenly covering around him; it felt as if it had been heated next to a fire. His shivers subsided, and almost instantly he was overcome with exhaustion. It did not help that Miss Conliffe seemed to be running a hand through his hair—the action only further lulling him to sleep. In reality, Gwen had spotted a tuft of wool that had been tangled in the inspector's unruly hair and was removing it. Confused as to how it had gotten there, she glanced around where the inspector lay and saw that the stuffing had been torn from the mattress and was littering the entire corner of the room. When she turned back to Aberline, she saw that his eyes had started to drift closed. She was tempted to just let him rest, but she knew that if she did not rouse him she would never hear the end of it when he eventually awoke. \"Inspector, you need to wake up. There's a hot bath waiting for you upstairs. Doesn't that sound lovely?\" she prodded gently, as if speaking to a child. Aberline's eyes opened slightly, shifting to look at her tiredly. He wanted nothing more than to close them and go back to sleep, wrapped in his warm little cocoon. He was not ready to face the world—not now. But already he was becoming aware of the diminishing heat of the blanket. It wouldn't be much longer now before he was cold again, and the bath sounded like the closest thing to Heaven after spending a night in Hell. Gwen was relieved that her small prompt seemed to work as the disgruntled man slowly moved to sit up. The action caused him to wince, and he had to pause. Gwen placed her arm around his back for leverage, and with her help, the inspector managed to get to his feet. He pulled the blanket tighter around himself, both for warmth and modesty, and the two slowly made their way to the cellar door. Neither looked at each other, nor spoke as they made the slow climb up the stairs. Partway up, Aberline had begun to feel lightheaded and had to close his eyes to fight off the wave of dizziness. It didn't help that his body currently felt like it weighed a ton as he stumbled up the steps. To Gwen, it felt like it weighed hardly anything at all, despite the fact that he had started to lean on her more as they neared the top of the stairs. The inspector had always appeared sort of wiry to her, but this was bordering on unhealthy. She had hardly any trouble supporting his weight as they continued their ascent. They were going to have to work on his eating habits. If he refused to take care of himself, she was not going to stand idly by and watch him waste away. They cleared the top step, and Gwen led them through the doorway to the parlor. Aberline picked up the scent of burning wood before even seeing the bright orange flames of Miss Conliffe's fireplace. His earlier suspicion about the warmth of the blanket had been correct after all. He stared at the dancing flames in a daze, so entranced was he that he nearly tripped when his foot caught on the first step of the parlor room staircase. \"Sorry,\" Gwen said next to him. \"I should have warned you.\" \"S'alright,\" he mumbled, still too out of it to communicate properly. Like the last time, she led him up the stairs and into the bathroom, telling him that his clothes were in the leather bag he had brought with him before leaving him alone to bathe. He didn't leave the tub until every inch of his body had been scrubbed clean of the filth that had been coating it. It was a mix of sweat and something else he could not identify; whatever it was, it smelled wild and musky, and he scrubbed harder, eager to be rid of the stench. His skin was pink by the time he had finished with the washcloth, and with some difficulty, he lifted himself from the tub and dried off with a towel. Once he was sufficiently dry, he dressed in the spare clothes that were in the bag Miss Conliffe had left for him. They felt oddly restrictive and the fabric grated uncomfortably against his skin, and he chalked it up to another unpleasant side effect of the change. He gathered up his leather bag and drained the tub before leaving the bathroom, not even bothering to look himself over in the mirror. He stepped out into the small hallway and shut the door behind him before making his way to the stairs. He stopped when he reached the top step, debating what he should do next. From below, he could hear Miss Conliffe rummaging around in her kitchen, which meant that the main shop area would be clear. If he was quiet enough, maybe he could sneak out without alerting her. It was cowardly, he knew, and completely underhanded, but he didn't think he could bring himself to face her after the utter indignity he had been subjected to down in the cellar. He would write to her later, apologizing for his leaving unannounced. The thought made him feel a bit better, and he gripped the wooden railing and, ever so slowly, lowered his foot down onto the first step. Then his other onto the second, and then his other onto the third... He was completely focused now, each careful step bringing him closer to the front door. As he got further down, he noticed an unusual aroma wafting in from the doorway leading into the kitchen—something he had not picked up on his first trip up the staircase. He leaned his head over the railing and peered in through the open door, only managing to see the bottom of Miss Conliffe's dress as she moved about the kitchen. Whatever she was preparing, it smelled delicious and made his stomach tighten. Now that he thought about it, he was feeling a bit peckish... No! You need to get to the door! Holding his breath to block out the prevalent smell, he continued his slow descent. Only several more steps to go. Four ... Three ... Tw — squeeeak! His eyes widened a fraction, before scrunching closed. He mouthed a silent curse as the sounds from the kitchen ceased. \"Inspector? Is that you?\" Gwen called, and Aberline heard her footsteps approaching the doorway. Like a deer caught in the crosshairs of a gun, he stood frozen on the steps as she appeared. She stopped in the doorway, giving him a cursory glance. His hair was still damp from the bath, which appeared to have done him some good, bringing a touch of color to his cheeks. He also appeared more lucid than he had been when she had come for him earlier. However, the bruises under his eyes still remained—the only indicator of the torture he'd had to endure the night before. \"Miss Conliffe,\" Aberline began, glancing to the parlor room doorway at the bottom of the stairs. \"I really should be g—\" \"If you're planning on leaving, I would highly suggest that you wait until you're completely dry,\" Gwen cut in before he could finish. His eyes shifted back to her questioningly, brows pinched in confusion. \"Why?\" \"There was a cold snap last night and everything has frosted over. You may go sit in the parlor and warm yourself by the fireplace while I finish up in the kitchen,\" she said, gesturing to the small couch in the room. Aberline looked over to it, then back to her, unsure of what to do. He wanted to leave, but if what she said was true then he also did not want to freeze. He'd done enough of that already today, and it wasn't even seven yet. \"I won't stay long,\" he conceded. Gwen gave a short nod. \"I thought as much. I just ask that you stay long enough to dry yourself and get some proper nourishment.\" \"Nourishment?\" The corners of Gwen's mouth lifted slightly at his puzzlement. \"Just go sit. I'll only be a moment.\" And with that, she turned and disappeared through the doorway. Aberline remained where he was on the staircase, staring dumbly after her. What had she meant by 'nourishment'? What was the woman planning? Sighing, he walked down the remaining two steps and moved over to the small couch. He bent stiffly to place his bag on the floor next to it and slowly lowered himself onto the cushioned seat. His entire body seemed to creak as it melded into the contours of the couch, and he let out a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding in. It felt good to be off his feet; the bath had dulled many of the aches in his body, but as a consequence had left his muscles feeling weak. He turned his head to look out the window next to him and saw that the glass was covered in a veil of frost. Miss Conliffe had been truthful in her account of the cold weather. It seemed that winter was not leaving without one last fight; no wonder it had been so unbearably cold in the cellar. The heat from the fire had caused some of the frost to melt away, allowing him to see that the air outside was tinted a deep blue, reminding him that it was much too early to be awake. He brought up a hand to rub at his tired eyes as he turned towards the hearth. The crackling of the flames sounded soothing and sleep tugged at him, but despite that his thoughts turned to work—how he'd have to dodge unwanted questions and spend the entire day in his office hiding away from everyone. Footsteps sounded from his left, and he turned to look at the kitchen doorway just as Gwen came walking out, carrying a bowl on top of a folded towel. She moved over to him and placed it on the coffee table, and he leaned forward to view its contents. A yellow colored liquid filled the bowl, and wisps of steam rose from it. He looked at Gwen. \"I really don't need anything.\" \"Nonsense. You look half-starved, and I stayed up late last night to make this for you. It'd be a shame for it to go to waste,\" she said, sitting down in the wooden chair across from him. Aberline looked back down to the bowl. \"What is it?\" he asked, using the towel to pick it up and bring it closer to him. \"It's chicken stock,\" she said. \"I didn't have as much time to prepare it as I would have liked. I do hope that it will sit well with you—I wasn't sure what you would be able to stomach.\" Aberline listened absently as she spoke. The steam from the broth rose to his nostrils, and his eyes seemed to lose focus for a moment. He could smell the parsley, the bits of onion—but more than that he could smell the chicken, and his jaw went slack. His stomach gurgled, and he lifted the bowl to his face in an instant. \"Be careful, it's—\" Gwen tried to warn him, but Aberline had already begun drinking from the bowl. She had placed a spoon for him to use, but the inspector completely ignored it as he downed the liquid. The broth was hot, burning his tongue as it traveled past it and down his throat, but he did not care; the heat did nothing to deter his hunger, and he lifted the bowl higher to allow more of the liquid to enter. He only paused his slurping when the occasional chunk of meat passed between his teeth, which he would then tear into with fervor before swallowing down and continuing to drink. Gwen watched curiously as he drank greedily from the bowl. It was as if the man had never eaten a day in his life. Not even a minute after he began, Aberline lowered the bowl from his mouth, licking the residue from his lips. He stared down at the empty bowl in his lap for a moment, before lifting his eyes to Gwen, who he only now just realized had been watching him. Suddenly feeling self-conscious, he slowly set the bowl down on the table. \"I apologize, I...I hadn't known I was that hungry,\" he told her, looking away, embarrassed. \"You needn't apologize,\" said Gwen. \"I'm just glad that you liked it.\" \"You didn't have to make it for me. You didn't have to do any of this.\" He summoned the courage to look at her. \"It's more than I deserve.\" \"You said that last night—that you didn't deserve comfort. Why?\" asked Gwen. \"And do not say it is because you're a monster, because that is not true.\" \"Yes, it is. And a monster does not deserve such kindness as this. Especially after the way this monster has treated you,\" he said, regret in his voice. \"Look, I don't hold anything against you from before. In hindsight, I suppose I could have gone about telling you a little more...delicately,\" she said sheepishly. Aberline shook his head. \"I don't think any other course of action would have changed anything. I can be quite stubborn, especially when in denial.\" \"I believe most people would be inclined to deny something such as this,\" commented Gwen. \"That is still no excuse for my behavior. You were only trying to warn me, and I just kept blocking you out. And to think I had the audacity to call you disturbed!\" He shook his head reproachfully. \"I am so sorry, Miss Conliffe. If I could take back every horrible thing I've said or done to you, I would in an instant.\" Gwen smiled. \"That's very kind of you, Inspector, but as I said earlier, I don't hold anything against you.\" \"You have every reason to. I've been so ungrateful. You have done so much for me—more than is expected. I am ashamed that I am only now properly thanking you,\" he said. \"You needn't feel ashamed. I've known you were grateful without you needing to say it. Actions speak louder than words, as I am sure you've come to know in your line of work,\" she said, giving him a small smile. He nodded. \"Yes, I agree with that sentiment. However, it is the polite thing to do that I formally thank you. Believe it or not, Miss Conliffe, but not many people would feel comfortable being in the company of a monster.\" \"I see no monster, so you can stop calling yourself that,\" Gwen reprimanded. \"Not right now,\" Aberline whispered, lowering his eyes. After a short moment his brows furrowed as a distressing thought came to him. He lifted them back up to her. \"Do I...does it make much noise?\" \"No, it doesn't,\" said Gwen after a second's hesitation. \"I can't hear it when I'm upstairs. You needn't worry about keeping me awake.\" She was not about to mention the horrible cries and howls that she could hear from the top of the stairs; the inspector looked to be in enough distress already. Aberline sighed. \"It's not you I'm worried about keeping awake.\" Gwen understood his meaning. \"If I have difficulty hearing you, I doubt my neighbors will be able to.\" Aberline wasn't convinced. \"You put yourself at great risk having me here. What if someone were to hear it and come knocking? What if they complain to the police? Not to mention the danger I...the danger it poses to you.\" \"I don't think it will come to that,\" she said. \"You don't know that it won't. The risk of having me here is too great,\" he argued. \"Then what do you suggest we do?\" she asked. Aberline sighed once more, bringing a hand to rub at his forehead. \"I've no idea.\" \"Then you'll continue to come here,\" said Gwen. \"You've changed here twice now without any problems.\" \"Other than the havoc that thing has wreaked down in your cellar,\" grumbled Aberline. \"I don't take issue with it. It was an old mattress. I'll just go down there later and mend it,\" she said. \"No,\" he said sharply. \"It's my mess—I should be the one to clean it up. Besides, I have no need for it.\" \"Yes you do. What are you to sleep on? The floor?\" Gwen asked skeptically. \"If that's what I have to do, then so be it,\" Aberline said, folding his arms. \"You're being ridiculous. It won't take hardly any effort to patch the mattress,\" said Gwen. \"What would be the point? It will just tear it up next month, and the month after that, and the one after that. It destroys everything it comes across, even the bloody walls!\" Aberline swallowed thickly and wrapped his arms around himself as he fought off the images of the beast's claws digging into the floor as he cried out in agony. \"I'm not sure if it will do it again. It is an animal, after all. Maybe it can learn not to destroy it,\" said Gwen. Aberline shook his head. \"That thing knows only hunger and destruction. I could feel it, down there, when I was...\" He let out a shaky breath, clasping his hands together to stop them from trembling. \"I felt what it felt, only briefly, and it made me sick. It can't reason, and can't be reasoned with,\" he said. Gwen could see the pain in his eyes, and knew that he was reliving those horrible memories. She leaned forward and spoke softly. \"I don't believe that. There has to be a way this condition can be managed. Until we find out how, we should do everything we can to learn more about it. How it works, what it likes, what it dislikes.\" \"No,\" Aberline said firmly. \"You're not even the least bit interested in learning more about it?\" questioned Gwen. \"No, frankly, I'm not. I do not wish to know anything about it. I wish it to be gone ,\" he said. \"I understand that, but what if we can find a way to make it easier for you? To lessen the pain of the transformation?\" she asked. \"You needn't involve yourself any further than you already have. You do too much for me as is,\" he said. \"And is that such a bad thing?\" \" Yes! \" he barked, face twisting in anger. Gwen jumped slightly in surprise. Aberline blinked twice, and slowly his features softened, replaced with a look of dismay when he realized what had just happened. \"I'm sorry...I didn't mean to shout,\" he said, lowering his head into his hands. \"It's all right,\" said Gwen, having recovered from the outburst. \"You're very tired, and you're becoming agitated.\" \"No,\" came his mumbled reply. He lowered his hands from his face and looked up to her with bloodshot eyes. \"It's not that. It's so much more than that.\" \"Then what is it? You can talk to me,\" said Gwen. His eyes lingered on hers, searching. He saw nothing but genuine concern in those grey irises. \"Please, Inspector,\" she continued. \"You cannot bear this burden alone as you have been.\" Aberline's shoulders drooped defeatedly, and he let out a slow breath. \"I don't know how much longer I can keep this up,\" he said quietly. \"Are your colleagues starting to suspect?\" asked Gwen. Aberline shook his head. \"No. I have them all fooled. Those closer to me notice that something is wrong, but they haven't a clue what. They think it's just leftover stress from my time in Blackmoor.\" Gwen frowned. \"Then I don't understand. If it's not that then...\" \"It's this curse,\" he said. \"It rules every aspect of my life now. I throw myself into my work, trying to banish it from my mind, but something always happens that shatters the illusion of normalcy. I can't escape it...even in sleep it haunts me. Do you know how long it has been since I've gotten more than a few hours of sleep at night? I couldn't even tell you. And that's not even the worst part.\" As the inspector spoke, he was becoming increasingly distraught—his words pouring out of his mouth in rapid succession. \"The worst part is that no one suspects me of being anything other than a man. I pass people on the street, in the hallways at work and... nothing. I know it doesn't make sense, and that I should be glad for it, but it just makes me feel so much worse. I go to work every day, pretending that I am one of them. These men put their trust in me, and I repay them with deceit. I've even begun cutting myself off from them for fear of discovery.\" Gwen started to interject, but the inspector kept going. By this point she was beginning to notice the slight trembling of his body. He wasn't even looking at her now, and instead had his eyes fixed on a spot on the floor. \"Every time I speak to anyone, I can't help but imagine how things would change if they knew what I was. How much they would despise me. And they should. I'm a horrible monster who would kill every last one of them if they came across me. Oh God, what am I to do? I can't keep on living like this! Lying in wait for that thing to come and rip my humanity from me again!\" he cried. His body was completely shuddering now, and his breaths were coming out erratically. Gwen immediately recognized what she was witnessing: the inspector was having a panic attack. She rose from the chair and went over to sit next to him on the couch. He didn't seem to notice her relocation until she placed a hand on his back and began rubbing comforting circles into it. The inspector stilled under her touch, before continuing his frantic breathing. His hands shot up to clutch at the front of his jacket. He sounded as if he was choking. \"There, there... Just let it all out,\" Gwen cooed. A small sob escaped him before he stifled it by bringing a hand to his mouth. \"It's all right,\" continued Gwen. \"It's just us here—you can let it all out.\" \"I don't—\" he started to say, but found that his throat was too tight to even speak. He waited a moment, trying to catch his breath. \"I don't think I can go through this again. It's too horrible!\" he cried pitifully. \"I know it is, but let's not focus on that right now. Just focus on calming yourself. I want you to try to take deep, slow breaths. Can you do that for me?\" asked Gwen. Aberline nodded and tried breathing in deeply. His first breath caught in his throat, causing him to make a wheezing noise, and he tried again. This time he had more success, and he managed to gradually ease himself into a steady rhythm. \"Good,\" praised Gwen. \"You're doing wonderfully.\" As she continued to rub his back, she could feel his muscles starting to relax as his breathing slowed. It was several minutes later when he had finally reached a state of calm. \"Thank you,\" she heard him whisper. When she looked at him she saw that his head was bowed and his eyes were closed in concentration. \"Think nothing of it. I have experience with this sort of thing,\" she said. A moment passed, before Aberline opened his eyes and turned slightly to look at her. \"Dare I ask how you've come to be so adept at calming grown men suffering bouts of hysteria?\" Gwen let out a small chuckle. The inspector was back down to earth again, and she delighted in her small victory. \"Perhaps I will tell you over another bowl of soup?\" she prompted. He hesitated, wiping the moisture from his eyes. \"I don't know if I should.\" \"Come now, you can't just stop at one. My father used to say that hot soup healed the soul,\" she said. Aberline still looked unsure, and Gwen prodded more. \"There's plenty to be had. And you look like you could use a second helping.\" \"...Very well,\" Aberline said, giving in. He was still hungry, and the display from earlier had left him feeling drained. Also, he felt guilty that she had made so much for him, and it would be rude to decline the offer of another bowl. Gwen smiled and grabbed the bowl from the table and stood. Aberline watched as she went into the kitchen. Almost as soon as he was left alone, his thoughts turned back to the negative. It was as if Miss Conliffe's very presence was the only thing keeping him from falling back into despair. He knew this could not be healthy, relying on her for happiness, but he couldn't help how he felt. She was the only one he could talk openly with about his condition and, consequently, the only one who could provide any sort of comfort for when things became too hard for him to bear. His musings were broken when Gwen entered the parlor with a tray holding two bowls of the hot broth. She set the tray down on the small table and placed one of the bowls in his hands before taking her seat in the wooden chair across from him. \"Thank you,\" he said, before meekly adding, \"I'll try to actually use the spoon this time.\" \"You're very welcome. And I really don't care how you go about eating it, as long as you do,\" said Gwen, giving him a small smile. She grabbed her own bowl off of the tray and began sipping from her spoon. Aberline followed suit, although eating with the utensil felt much too slow for him. They ate in an oddly amiable silence, save for the sound of the logs crackling in the hearth. This was probably the most at peace Aberline had felt in weeks. And to think he had almost gone and missed out on it. Minutes later he had finished, and he set his bowl down. Gwen looked up from her own bowl and found that he was looking at her. \"Is there something wrong?\" she asked. \"No, nothing's wrong. I've just been thinking... If I am to stay here each month, then at least let me pay you for your troubles,\" he said. \"I don't want your money, Inspector. And you are no trouble at all, so you needn't worry,\" said Gwen. \"Please, I must insist on paying you. This can't be easy, and you're putting yourself in danger,\" he reasoned. Gwen pressed her lips into a line. \"I'm not doing this for any sort of financial gain. I'm doing this to help keep people safe, and to help keep you safe.\" \"I understand that, Miss Conliffe, and find it very admirable, but you deserve some sort of compensation—at least for the damages in the cellar.\" \"You do not owe me anything, Inspector,\" she assured. Aberline looked at her as if she had said the most preposterous thing in the world. \" Don't owe you anything? Miss Conliffe, I owe you everything . The only reason I can continue on at the Yard is because of your hospitality. You're the reason why I am not already a murderer. Please, if there is anything I can do for you, I shall. Anything you ask of me will never compare to the generous aid you have provided.\" Gwen remained silent, thinking over the inspector's proposal. She had no need of his money, but as she looked at him she could see the eagerness in his eyes. He truly was bent on providing her with some sort of payment, and she suspected that by doing so it would help ease some of the guilt he felt, which to her was entirely unwarranted. Suddenly an idea came to her, and she could not help the smile that grew on her face. \"Actually, there is a way you can repay me,\" she told him. Aberline leaned forward in anticipation. \"I'll do anything,\" he said. \"Just tell me what it is you want, and I'll do it.\" \"Have dinner with me this Saturday.\" Had he still been drinking his broth he would have choked on it. \"I might have spoken too soon,\" he murmured, sitting back down against the couch. \"I think it would be in both our best interests if we interacted under normal circumstances, and what better scenario for that than to have dinner? I couldn't help but notice that you've lost some weight, and you've been under so much strain lately. I just think it would be a good idea,\" she said. Aberline opened his mouth to speak, before immediately closing it. He was unable to find any objection, other than that he really did not want to; it was already hard enough talking with the woman now. Although, he had to admit that it was not as painful as he previously imagined it would be. \"You did say that you would do anything,\" reminded Gwen, sensing his reluctance. \"I know I did, Miss Conliffe. But your request... I'm just not sure if I'm completely comfortable with the idea,\" he said, rubbing at his beard. \"Please?\" she said. \"We could become better acquainted with one another, which might help make coming here each month a bit easier.\" \"Forgive me, Miss Conliffe, but I doubt any amount of acquaintance will help with that,\" he said dryly. \"Maybe you're right. But we should at least try it. It will be easier coming to a friend's house rather than someone who's practically a stranger, won't it?\" she asked. \"And it sounds like you could use a good friend right now.\" \"I'll have you know I have plenty of friends,\" he returned snappishly. \"Outside of work,\" Gwen clarified. Aberline thought on it for a moment. \"There is this nice old lady who lives next door...\" Gwen rolled her eyes. \"At least consider it. It would make this whole ordeal much less awkward if we were able to speak to one another like normal people.\" \"We're not normal people, Miss Conliffe,\" he reminded. \"Well maybe not, but we can at least pretend to be, can't we?\" she asked. \"I've been doing that every day for the past month,\" he said with a tired sigh. \"I... suppose ...we could, possibly, try.\" Gwen's face lit up. \"Very good. Thank you for being open to the idea,\" she said happily. Aberline did not seem to share her enthusiasm on the matter, but even he acknowledged the merits of becoming friends. However, doubt still nagged at him. Could he and Miss Conliffe ever have that sort of relationship? They've each been through so much, both being survivors of the horrible tragedy that took place in Blackmoor; neither would ever forget that short but traumatic time for the rest of their lives. He supposed that their shared experience bound them to each other in a way that they could never be with anyone else. Suppose they did manage to form some kind of odd friendship—would that really make things easier? Or would it only complicate things? He was unable to continue this line of thought when Gwen started speaking again. \"Well, now that that's settled, I don't suppose I can talk you into staying home from work?\" Work! What time was it? He looked around the room for a clock, and found one just next to the kitchen doorway. It was 7:35, and it would take nearly twenty-five minutes to reach Scotland Yard. \"I'm sorry Miss Conliffe, I have to go,\" he said abruptly, rising from the couch. The quick movement sent blood rushing to his head, and he swayed slightly on his feet. Gwen rose to help steady him but he waved her off. \"I'm all right. I just have to go or I'll be late.\" He grabbed the leather bag at his feet and walked through the parlor room entrance and out into the shop, where his coat and hat hung next to the door. He quickly placed both on and turned back to Gwen, who had followed him to the door. He looked her over briefly, before saying, \"I'll write to you about Saturday.\" Not knowing what else to say, and being pressed for time, he turned and left. \"Goodbye, Inspector. And be careful,\" he heard Gwen say as the door swung closed behind him. He had made it to work on time, and surprisingly everything seemed normal. No one batted an eye at him as he passed through the lobby and went to the lift. Within minutes he was on the third floor, heading to his office. He was almost to his door when Hopkins appeared out of nowhere from behind him. \"Good morning, Inspector,\" he heard him call. Damn. And he was so close, too. Slowly he turned to see Hopkins approaching him. \"Good morning,\" he greeted. Hopkins came to a stop in front of him, and Aberline could see that the other man was eyeing him oddly. He felt his muscles grow tense under the other man's stare, and he was already coming up with an excuse to leave. \"I—\" \"Have you done something new with your hair?\" Hopkins asked, giving Aberline pause. \"No...I haven't,\" Aberline replied slowly. \"Really? It looks different. Fuller. Are you letting it grow out?\" he asked. Aberline frowned and brought a hand to his hair. It didn't feel much different than it had the day before. \"No, I haven't done anything with it,\" he said. Whatever Hopkins was seeing, it probably didn't mean anything good for him. He needed to be alone. \"I'm sorry George, but I have a lot of paperwork I need finished,\" he said quickly, and with that, he turned and entered his office, shutting the door behind him. Hopkins remained out in the hall, a bit bewildered by the odd exchange. Never had he seen the inspector behave like this. It was highly out of character, and it didn't sit well with him. Whatever was going on with Aberline, it was causing him to seclude himself in his office for hours on end, and to completely cut off contact with anyone else other than Bradford. Was the commissioner having him work on some secret assignment? If that was the case, then surely he would be in the know! Maybe he was over thinking the entire thing. Maybe Aberline was just simply stressed. He had noticed that his boss's health had been steadily declining over the past week or so. And just now, when he was stood two feet from the man, he could see the paleness of his complexion and the dark shadows under his eyes. The inspector had appeared ill, and it didn't take a trained doctor to tell that the man should not be at work. What was going on, Hopkins did not truly know. But he planned to ask Aberline about it, when the time was right. He was becoming increasingly concerned for his boss's health, and thought that the man was pushing himself too hard. If he kept carrying on like this, there was no telling what would happen. Something was not right with the inspector, and he intended to get to the bottom of it. One way or another. I am so-so-so sorry it has taken me this long to update. And this isn't even how I had originally intended to end the chapter. But I was pressed for time — I'm leaving on a flight for Florida tomorrow (technically today ) morning, and I am going to be gone till the 29th. I'm spending Thanksgiving down there with my uncle and cousins, one of which is getting married. I'm also going down there to check out colleges, so that'll be exciting! I'm also sorry that this chapter might be full of errors. Errors that I will be unable to correct until I return, so I'm sorry if you find any big ones that throw you off. Also, little tidbit: Chicken stock is made by marinating chicken bones in a pan of water, and then adding veggies and spices. It apparently is very healthy, and due to the bones, helps with joint pain, boosts the immune system, supports hair and nail growth, and a multitude of other things, so Gwen was very thoughtful in her choice of food. Anyhoo, I'm going to bed. Gotta be up at 6:45. Have a good night (or day) everybody! ","Summary":" A sharp rap at the door roused Frederick \"Francis\" Aberline from his muddled thoughts, causing hi"},{"Movie":"Blades of Glory","Title":"My Pretty Lady","Author":"likeasheep","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5914547","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My Pretty Lady Chapter One Chazz kicked at Jimmy's giant over-stuffed frog, his anger forcing the blue monstrosity to fly at an unnatural speed across the room. Stupid ice. He stalked over to their beds and sat heavily on the one closest to the door. Bright orange sheets did nothing to help his rage. Stupid Stranz. As he sat there, trying to calm himself, he became aware that he'd started to glare at the frog as though it had personally offended him. Stupid Fairchild. In a way, it had. Stupid competition. How dare it stare at him like that? Stupid pairs skating. He pushed himself to his feet once more and stomped over to where the stuffed animal had landed. Stupid friends. He picked it up by the scruff of its neck and stared into its unblinking eyes, ready to do some real damage. Stupid Jimmy. Chazz dropped to the floor, the frog still in his arms as he felt, for the first time in a long while, a real sense of despair. It had started out like one of their standard arguments. The same pattern that Chazz had come to expect from the younger skater in their years of rivalry, and most recently, their years of friendship. It had started out just like it. It followed the pattern. \"Morning, MacElroy,\" Chazz had said as he sat down next to Jimmy on the sofa. He leaned over, almost too close for comfort in his daily attempt at winding the blonde up. Jimmy shifted slightly, eyes on the television which he'd been watching ever since he'd awoken, \"Shut up, fat-ass,\" he mumbled, waving a hand in the general direction of his partner. \"They're called muscles, Jimminy,\" Michaels said as he patted his stomach, almost proud, \"Maybe you should think about getting some once you've outgrown your training bra?\" Silence followed as Chazz was effectively ignored. He quirked an eyebrow as he turned his attention to the news anchor that filled the screen before them, but beyond that rack on her chest, he couldn't seem to pay attention to what she was talking about until-- The brunette had to blink when he saw video footage of Stranz and Fairchild Van Waldenberg affirming their return to pairs figure skating after what Chazz could only assume had been a hefty bribe in the general direction of Commissioner Ebbers. \"Good thing we're beating them again this year,\" Chazz said finally, if only to break the long stretch of silence that Jimmy always seemed to make when he was angry. \"No.\" \"What?\" \"I said, no.\" \"No what, Jimmy?\" \"We're not beating them at anything, alright?\" Chazz rolled his eyes. He'd never heard such a self-defeating attitude from the effeminate man in all the time he'd known him. \"Don't be stupid, MacElroy.\" \"I'm not being stupid. We're not beating them--\" \"Yes, we are.\" Jimmy continued as if he hadn't heard Chazz's insistent tone, \"--because we're not competing this year.\" The silence seemed to stretch on for an eternity, barely punctuated by the suddenly muffled sounds from the TV. \"......what?\" Michaels finally managed, staring holes into the side of his partner's hair. \"We're not competing.\" \"We are.\" \"We're not, Chazz, alright?\" \"What do you mean, we're not? Why not? Chazz Michael Michaels never backs down from a challenge, and what they just said,\" he pointed accusingly at the black box from which the Van Waldenbergs had made their announcement, \"Sounded like a challenge.\" \"And we're not taking it!\" Chazz scoffed, \"You're high. What've you been taking, Jimmy? I'd like to meet the guy that gave it to you.\" \"Don't you remember what they did last time? They broke your ankle, Chazz!\" The sex-addict had a bleary moment as he closed his eyes at the memory. The next time he opened them, he noticed that MacElroy was on his feet. \"Who knows what they could do next? They're not backing down.\" \"And we're not either!\" Michaels stood too, just so that he could match Jimmy. \"We are not skating.\" \"Are.\" \"Not.\" \"Are!\" \"Not, Chazz! We're not doing it!\" Chazz stared blankly at the stuffed animal in his hands that so reminded him of Jimmy. All that had been a month ago now, but he could swear that his cheek still smarted where MacElroy had slapped him as he'd stormed out of the flat. His eyes pricked with what he could only identify as some strange sort of sea water when a bead of it dripped down his nose and past his lips. If he'd had the energy to stand and take a walk around the flat, he would only have found his own mess. On that day, Jimmy had left and taken everything he owned with him. The stupid, stuffed frog was the only thing he'd left behind. Chazz guessed it was because the thing had been under one of the beds. He hugged it tightly now, almost understanding what the blonde had seen in these things as more of that damned sea water dripped down his face. Chazz hadn't seen Jimmy since he'd left, and it wasn't that he hadn't looked – he had, of course he had. Jimmy was his skating partner, and more importantly, his friend. He'd phoned him, he'd phoned all the people that knew him... Hell, he'd even phoned Katie, and she said that she'd not seen him since they'd broken up. He'd asked Coach Robert, and he had no idea where Jimmy had gone either. Chazz wiped at his eyes irritably. He'd have to see a doctor about this mysterious sea water.[Chapter 2] Chapter Two Robert pulled a set of keys from his pocket as he walked up the steps to Michaels and MacElroy's flat, ready to deliver the most down-to-earth and insulting lecture in his arsenal. \"What... what do you think you're...?\" he practised under his breath as he pushed the key into the lock and turned it, \"You're doing not...\" he nodded, satisfied, \"Good.\" A moment later, Coach Robert stood in what appeared to be a mostly-empty flat. He wavered in the doorway as he looked around for the familiar-looking stuffed animals and glittery throw pillows, but... Nothing. With a scowl, he walked further inside, the idea that he might be in the wrong flat suddenly dawning on him. He paused and gave the hallway a seething glare and, sure enough, he spotted something that looked as though it belonged to Chazz. Said thing was in the living room. Robert walked over to the scruffed brown, blue and red shag-pile carpet and gave it a slight kick with his boot. The carpet groaned and rolled over. \"Michaels, get your fat ass off the floor.\" Chazz sat up slowly, still clutching the blue frog as he attempted to put on something of his usual swagger. \"Alright, Bobbo?\" The Coach folded his arms across his chest, \"MacElroy not home?\" When Michales' shoulders started to shake, he decided to take it as a no. \"Get up, take a shower, get dressed, and brush your hair. You look a mess.\" \"Why?\" \"How am I meant to know? You probably haven't washed in days.\" \"No...\" Chazz climbed to his feet, \"Why?\" \"Just do it, and I'll tell you later,\" Robert had started for the hallway, \"You still got coffee?\" \"In the... in the kitchen,\" the sex-addict mumbled as he went to go drop the toy in the bedroom. A shower, ten strokes of a brush, a fresh set of clothes and a cigarette later, Chazz found himself sitting at the kitchen table. He sipped a too-hot cup of coffee that burned his tongue, but served to wake him up. After a moment, he put the mug down on a coaster, because mugs left rings, damn it, Chazz! With an inward sigh, he tuned back into the questions that his coach and reluctant friend had been asking him concerning his ex-partner. So far, he'd managed to more or less talk about their fight, and he'd been just about able to give the answer to the question that Robert had been dying to ask. No, Chazz Michael Michaels and Jimmy MacElroy would not be competing in this year's Winter Sports. He'd been expecting an explosion of anger from the old and greying man before him, and when all he did was sigh with disappointment, Michaels couldn't help but feel... what was that? He frowned as he tried to identify the gnawing sensation in his gut. Was that... guilt? Coach Robert glanced up when Chazz's stomach rumbled loudly. \"Come on,\" he stood and started for the door. \"Where?\" Michaels got to his feet, abandoning his coffee as he followed despite himself. \"Winter Sports Games.\" \"But I'm not--\" \"The Women's Singles, wide load.\" A long pause followed. Chazz tried to think about all of the words of encouragement that Taylor had ever given him; the do's and don't's, the what-if's, the what-for's, the should's, can't's, and maybe's... He even tried the mantra in the back of his mind, but somehow, he just couldn't stop his feet from propelling him towards Robert's van. An hour later, they were standing behind the railings as Robert watched one of his female skaters glide through her routine. Chazz found himself as utterly transfixed as the crowd when the blonde launched into a stag jump before landing, perfect and flawless. From somewhere in the back of his mind, he heard the Coach talking, and just about managed to take in what he was saying. \"--German, 28 years.... Came to me a few weeks ago, but she's good, am I right?\" The most that Michaels could muster was an unintelligible groan. In hindsight, he probably deserved the slap to the back of his head, but that didn't stop him from swearing loudly and almost distracting the woman out on the ice. \"Stop eyeballing my skater, Chazz.\" And he tried, he really did, but he just wasn't functioning properly under these conditions. When she'd finished her routine, she skated off the ice to the sounds of applause, keeping her head down. As the German competitor's scores were posted, she removed her skates, surprising no one when it turned out that she had qualified for nationals. But still, Chazz couldn't stop staring. There was... there was something about her... something... He scowled as he tried to place what it was that he was missing. Every time he thought he might be close, the thought skittered away to be replaced with an incredible desire. Maybe a distraction might work? \"So, Coach... Where's, er... I mean, how's...\" Robert had moved to stand between his skater and the rapidly advancing sex-addict. \"You stop there. Now, I only brought you here to cheer you up, alright? You listen to me, Michaels. Just because you've ruined your shot at the gold this year, it doesn't mean that you're about to ruin Janine's.\" \"Janine,\" Chazz repeated, almost savouring the name as it rolled past his lips, \"What a beautiful name...\" It was too late to stop it from happening as Robert was pushed to one side and Chazz made his way to the kiss and cry area, ready to sweep the blonde away to do some kissing of his own-- He stopped and stared. She'd vanished.[Chapter 3] Chapter Three He couldn't believe how fast he'd run, but then, he couldn't believe how close Chazz had come to reaching him. Jimmy sat in the back of the taxi cab, itching to pull his wig off as he gave the address of his new living space to the driver with his best German accent. If he was completely truthful, he still couldn't believe that anyone at all was convinced that Janine really existed. It was just stupid! But if it let him skate... And this way, no one got hurt! No one would get hurt, and everyone would be just fine. Provided that Chazz didn't realise that his brotherman was in fact pretending to be a woman, it could work. Everything would be fine. He couldn't win, Jimmy knew. Coach had told him as much when they'd started. Because if Jimmy won, then there would be tests, and if there were tests, then Jimmy would be found out, and if Jimmy was found out, then Jimmy would be stripped of his medal again, and then he'd probably be banned from all divisions of figure skating for the rest of his life, and that would mean letting everyone down–– Jimmy paused to take a deep breath as he looked at the bag that held his skates. It would be fine, he decided as he fiddled with the skirts of his costume. He would just have to try harder. The skater frowned at himself. This was harder than he'd thought. He'd never entered anything in his life with the intention of losing before. Keep focus and win. That was what he'd always been taught. But his next routine... They would have to choreograph falls in just to make sure that Jimmy wouldn't rank for a medal. He hadn't expected it to be so complicated when he'd suggested the idea to Coach. He'd left the flat he'd been sharing with Chazz for eighteen months in tears. Jimmy had been certain that he'd never cried so much in his life – not even when his father had unadopted him. The blonde had shouldered three duffel bags filled with stuffed animals and toiletries, packed all of his clothes into his suitcases and then, he'd walked out the door. It had been hard going, but he'd just about managed to stay true to Miss Franklin's song; he hadn't looked back as he'd hailed a taxi that drove him to the home that Coach now shared with Jesse. Thankfully, the only one home when Jimmy had come knocking was the dancer who welcomed the orphan in with open arms. If it had been Coach, Jimmy had no doubt that he would have been screamed at for being so stupid before the door was slammed in his face. As things actually turned out, he'd been able to appeal to the better nature of the kinder man in the mismatched relationship that the blonde had never thought to ask about, despite what Chazz always–– The skater had started to sob the moment Jesse left the room to call someone named Robert, but as soon as his tears were noticed, the phone was replaced in its cradle, and the dancer had sat on the sofa, throwing a comforting arm around the blonde's shoulders. \"Tell me all about it,\" Jesse said when a pause finally came as the other man drew in a ragged breath. And so, Jimmy told him. Jimmy told him everything. By the time he had finished, leaving just enough time for stray tears and the occasional sniff, Jesse was shaking his head in utter disbelief. \"James MacElroy, what are we going to do with you?\" Jimmy sniffed loudly. \"I'll tell you what, I'll phone Rob, and he'll come home and sort everything out, alright?\" The blonde nodded tearfully before asking the question that had played on his mind since he'd first heard the dancer use the name; \"Who's Robert?\" Jesse gaped at him, \"...your Coach?\" \"Really?\" Jimmy asked, stunned enough that he even forgot about crying for a moment, \"I always thought that his name was Coach!\" Jesse shook his head as he stood up to find the phone again, \"And I suppose you thought that my name was Mr. Groove-Pants,\" he said with a sarcasm that was utterly lost on the almost-naïve blonde. When the Coach had left the bar, he'd expected to go home to a quiet night in with the man that he'd somehow fallen in love with. But no. Instead, he'd had a phone call from the same man before walking home in a foul mood. \"MacElroy, what do you think you're doing?\" Robert asked the blubbering mess on his sofa. \"I did . . .\" words he couldn't understand, \" . . . and Chazz said when I . . .\" the tears started afresh, earning a well-deserved sigh on Robert's part. Eventually, he had to get the story from Jesse who was more than happy to pass on the gossip. A few hours later, the tears had ceased to flow, and Robert couldn't help but wonder where his peace and quiet had gone to. Obviously, it had flown out of the window at some point, perhaps never to return. \"Do you know what the worst thing is?\" Jimmy said finally. \"You've had a fight with Chazz?\" was Jesse's suggestion. \"No...\" \"You can't talk to your friend?\" \"No, not that.\" \"...you've had to move out of your apartment?\" was the only thing that the dancer could think to suggest without causing offense. \"I won't be able to skate this year!\" \"...you could always patch things up with Chazz?\" He shook his head, \"Not if they can hurt him.\" \"What else are you gonna do, Jimmy, huh? Dress like a girl and enter the women's––\" Robert stopped at the look slowly dawning on the blonde's face. \"No, Jimmy, no.\" \"Yes! That's it! That's exactly what I'll do!\" The taxi finally stopped outside Jimmy's new apartment where he paid the driver and climbed out, half-enjoying the catcalls from the builders across the street. To be honest, he didn't see why girls got so worked up about it. It was a compliment! He unlocked the front door and walked inside, dropping his skates in the hallway as he closed the door and pulled the wig from his head. This wouldn't be easy. What if Chazz found out?[Chapter 4] Chapter Four Jimmy stretched languidly on his bed until his hands came into contact with the floor, allowing him just enough purchase to crawl away from the mess of duvet that he always managed to leave behind him. Once he'd just about managed to seat himself firmly on the wooden floor, he leant his back against his unmade bed with a yawn. If he ignored the stinging where his knees had hit the floor only moments before, then he felt fine, but he couldn't stop the frown that marred his features. There was something there.... Something else... A niggling doubt, something... It was there, housed right at the back of his mind. He scowled. It was so close, and yet he couldn't get a firm hold on it, almost like a dream that–– Jimmy gasped with the sudden realisation. It must have been a dream that was disturbing him. Almost desperately, he tried to recall the events as they slipped slowly away, so close, and yet the more he tried to remember, the faster the memory of his subconscious defied him. He sighed heavily when nothing made itself evident straight away, giving up before he'd even started. As he climbed to his feet, Jimmy wondered dimly what it was that had awoken him. With a dismissive shrug, the blonde padded into the kitchen, his thoughts still utterly distracted by whatever that dream had been, and he couldn't remember what time Coach and Jesse were meant to be picking him up for practice, and just what had that dream been about? Jimmy paused for a moment, backtracking through his own thoughts. He froze. If he had been any less delicate, then he might have sworn. As it was, the blonde instead pushed at the curtains above his kitchen sink, wincing when he saw the pickup truck that was waiting for him. He risked a glance at the driver's seat, expecting to see angry faces on the couple... Jimmy gaped. Where was Coach, and why was Chazz in the seat next to Jesse, staring blankly at his phone? He let the curtains drop before either of them could notice him. He was fairly sure that he had never moved so fast in all his life as he ran back to his bedroom to get ready. Half an hour later, Jimmy was almost out of the door when he caught sight of himself in the mirror. He knew he'd forgotten something, he mused as he rushed back to the bathroom to pull his wig on. It took him a moment to arrange the blonde curls in what he hoped was a natural way before he was finally satisfied with the woman that stared back at him. Jimmy nodded, watching as Janine did the same. Good. Chazz sighed for what must have been the tenth time, by Jesse's count. \"What is it now?\" the dancer asked finally, already fed up with such close proximity to the other man. \"How much longer is this gonna take, man?\" Chazz asked, throwing his head back against the seat, thoroughly bored, and highly impatient. \"Now, just stop it. We've only been here an hour. She's not nearly as bad as you!\" Chazz snorted, \"Are you jokering me? She's worse than Jimmy!\" Jesse couldn't stop his own sigh from forming at the lost look that slipped slowly over the sex-addict's features. Suddenly, it was hard to be angry with him when the boy was so obviously hurting... Finally, after what seemed an age, Janine walked out of the front door, and Chazz sat up straighter in his seat as he watched her walk. \"Stare a bit harder,\" the dancer suggested as he started the engine, \"I don't think she's noticed you yet.\" The addict's jaw snapped shut, and he edged over to make room for the blonde woman who opened the truck door and, after a moment of what seemed to be deliberation, climbed in beside him. She stayed quiet, avoiding eye contact with Chazz so much that Jesse actually laughed. Chazz finally tore his gaze away from Janine so that he could observe the only other man in the car, \"Brotherman?\" Jimmy glanced over, feeling a pang of what could be jealousy, when his ex-partner used that word with someone else. \"No, no, it's nothing,\" Jesse said with a quick shake of his head. Jimmy was quick to avert his gaze when Chazz turned to stare at him again. Eventually, the pickup truck stopped outside the skating rink, where Jimmy grabbed his bag and ran away from the vehicle as quickly as he could. The sex addict stared after her. \"Where's she going?\" \"Probably to get changed,\" Jesse replied quickly. As he unbuckled his seatbelt, he noticed a chipped nail, and was about to look up and tell Chazz all about it when he heard the truck door slam. The dancer chuckled as he sat back, regarding his nails. How predictable these boys were. Jimmy pulled the jumper he'd brought with him on, feeling the traditional discomfort that always accompanied him whenever his hair got trapped under the collar. He tilted his head forward, all ready to pull it free when he felt hands against the back of his neck, massaging small circles against his skin that were oddly soothing... His first instinct being one of panic, Jimmy was about to pull away when they hit a spot on his neck that made it just impossible to hold back the low moan that eventually managed to escape his lips. And God, it felt good when his mysterious assailant pulled his hair free, and it felt even better when he pressed those little kisses down his neck, and oh–– As Chazz pressed chaste kisses to the German skater's skin, he breathed in deeply, unable to place her almost-familiar smell. It was like lilacs and... and was that a hint of cinnamon? He let out his breath as he gave a voice to his thoughts, \"You smell like...\" \"Chazz!\" Jimmy practically shrieked with realisation as he wrenched himself free of the other man's grip and span around to face him. \"I'm... I'm sorry, ma'am, it's just...\" he shook his head mournfully, \"I'm a sex addict, and I should have explained sooner, but––\" he broke off, tearful. Jimmy snorted. He couldn't believe what he was hearing! \"Get out of my face!\" Jimmy spat as he tried to form even semi-coherent thoughts past that need for Chazz's lips to go back and do all that again–– The blonde distracted himself by picking up his skates and running from the changing room. Jesse stood by the ice, ready for rehearsal when Jimmy came rushing in, his cheeks stained dark red by what was unmistakeable as a blush. \"What happened?\" Jesse asked, trying his hardest to keep a straight face. \"What happened? What happened?! I'll tell you what happened––\" \"Hi, Chazz,\" the dancer nodded in the addict's direction as he emerged from where Jimmy had been moments before. The faux-German accent returned again as Jimmy fastened his skates on, \"Nothing happened,\" he said with a finality. Chazz stared as the blonde figure skater moved out onto the ice. She hadn't said it. She hadn't told Jesse what he'd done. He felt his heart beat faster at the thought. She hadn't said anything, and she'd seemed more than receptive in the changing room... Chazz's mind whirled with new ideas. She wanted this. It was absolutely mind-bottling. Chazz was in with a chance. As he let out the breath he hadn't known he'd been holding, he just couldn't figure out why he, Chazz Michael Michaels, cared so much.[Chapter 5] Chapter Five Jimmy rested his head in his hands, heart beating fast. He'd been perfectly still for the best part of an hour now, unable to do much of anything other than stare vacantly at his wig which had been long-since discarded and spread across the floor before him. If he'd been in his right state of mind, he would have probably picked the thing up immediately and brushed it off, considering it to be absolutely atrocious in terms of proper wig care. As things were, he couldn't even bring himself to lean forwards, much less pick anything up, and so instead, he fell back against his unmade bed, head spinning. He was mortified. Completely, totally, absolutely mortified. He just couldn't believe it. Chazz Michael Michaels, long-term rival and short-term friend-slash-skating partner of Jimmy MacElroy, had as good as kissed him without even asking first. Sure, Chazz had thought Jimmy to be very female at the time, and yes, Chazz had the excuse of being a sex-addict, so it was probably understandable that he'd made a move... With a scowl, Jimmy realised that all the arguing in the world just couldn't justify that he had liked it. He winced at the thought, barely able to admit it to himself. It wasn't right. He wasn't a woman, for one, and Chazz definitely wasn't interested in men, because-- The blonde covered his face with his pillow in a vain attempt to stifle his thoughts from being heard. It didn't work. He hadn't expected things to get so complicated. Back when Katie had broken up with him, Jimmy had been angry at her. He'd shouted, and told Chazz that it was all her fault, because he had never done anything wrong. Chazz had given his partner a shoulder to cry on when Katie had told Jimmy that things really weren't working out. Chazz had been there when she'd told Jimmy that it wasn't working out because of him. The skater heaved a mournful sigh. She must have known. But that didn't mean she was right. He sat up, his heart lifting at the idea. It didn't mean that it was true. Through the silence, Jimmy heard the buzz of his doorbell, internally glad that he hadn't really bothered to get changed as he retrieved his wig from the floor and pulled it on over his hairnet. It was such a crime that he had to deprive the world from seeing his beautiful hair, but it simply had to be done. It was just one of those things that couldn't be helped. The next few dozen rings of the bell finally managed to spur Jimmy on just enough to tear himself away from the mirror before going to the door. As a second thought on his way, he picked up a pair of oversized sunglasses and pushed them on. After all, he thought as he undid the chain on his door before turning the latch, you never knew who might be out there. Jimmy should have expected it, of course he should have. He'd been thinking about it enough, but when he saw Chazz standing on the doorstep before him, the only word that came to mind was \"...uh?\" Taking this as an invitation, Chazz stepped over the threshold and into the German figure skater's home. Finally, Jimmy managed to form a sentence as he slammed the door shut – too late. \"What are you doing here, Michaels?\" he asked, only just remembering his accent as he placed his hands on his hips. \"Excuse me, miss...\" Chazz trailed off, unable to prevent his eyes from roaming downwards, then up slightly, to focus on-- Used to this sort of attention after a solid month of pretending to be Janine, Jimmy caught Chazz's attention with a sharp gesture skywards, \"My face is very much up here, you know.\" The next thing he knew, the blonde found himself up against the wall with Chazz pinning him there. It took him a moment to register that the hands at his waist weren't his own, and that the mouth at his ear that whispered useless nothings definitely wasn't his either. But as he came to his senses, Jimmy couldn't stop a sudden surge of jealousy at Chazz's muffled words. He pushed him away roughly, half regretting the loss of contact. How dare he?! He glared at him indignantly as Chazz started his traditional sex-addiction speech. How dare he speak to Janine like that when Jimmy so plainly-- He paused at the abrupt realisation. When Jimmy was so plainly in love with him? \"You should go...\" he mumbled quietly, not trusting himself to look up just in case he managed to give himself away. Chazz swallowed at the sound of her voice. It was just so... she sounded defeated. \"I'm sorry, miss, no,\" he shook himself, \"Janine. I... I had no idea that the German people were offended by... displays of--\" \"Please, just go. You probably know how to work the handle on the door,\" Jimmy mumbled, unable to even bring himself to create a decent insult as he brushed past Chazz and started towards his kitchen, throat suddenly dry. \"Wait!\" The blonde faltered in his steps. \"Dinner? I mean, I can do dates if that's what--\" \"No. Just go.\" Chazz stared before edging back towards the front door, hands seeking out the handle when he found himself unable to take his eyes off the skater as she left the hallway. Dinner?! What had he been thinking? Chazz Michael Michaels did not do dinner. Chazz Michael Michaels did not take girls out because he didn't need to, because when Chazz Michael Michaels wanted a woman, then that woman wanted him. That was how it worked. He scowled when he found himself sitting on Robert's sofa, a cup of coffee in hand. It had become something of a ritual ever since he and Jimmy had won the gold. Once a week, Chazz stopped by, and he and Coach talked about men's stuff, the blokey-bloke stuff that Jimmy and Jesse would never dream of talking about. Like when Coach told Chazz that he was starting to look fat again, and Chazz wouldn't answer because he couldn't think of a good-enough come back. Or like that other time when Coach told Chazz that he looked as good as if he'd been run over with a bull-dozer. Tradition. But today, things would be different. The sex addict really had something to talk about this time. Something important. \"Janine,\" he said as soon as the older man took his seat. Robert sighed heavily, \"Her again? Listen, Michaels, I'm not letting you get your paws all over my skater, damn it.\" \"You don't understand, alright? You don't get it. I... It's been tough for me. I've never--\" \"Had a father, and since Jimmy left, it's been so hard on you. Yeah, yeah, Michaels, I hear it every week. It doesn't mean that I'm letting you near her.\" \"It's different!\" Robert rolled his eyes. \"It's never different, Chazz, it's always the same.\" \"I asked her if she wanted dinner. She... she turned me down.\" \"Of course she turned you down, Michaels, she's got a few brain cells to rub together, not like the ones you usually go for--\" There was a pause as he took in what Chazz had said. \"...you asked her out to dinner,\" he repeated as Jesse put his head around the kitchen door, having heard the entire conversation. \"Rob, can I have a word?\" The Coach waved his hand dismissively, \"In a minute.\" Chazz caught the enraged look in the dancer's eyes long before Robert did. \"It's okay. I'll be fine. You go, I can wait. Looks like the old ball and chain needs you.\" The Coach stood with an oath before following Jesse into the kitchen. \"What?\" \"Don't 'what' me, Rob.\" \"Fine. What's wrong?\" \"You can't do this to him.\" \"To who? And just what am I doing?\" \"To Chazz, and you know exactly what you're doing, Rob. You're not stupid.\" \"No, you're right, I'm not stupid, but I don't see what it is that I'm doing to him.\" Jesse's tone was hushed, \"You're hurting him by not telling him who Janine is. What if he found out?\" \"He's not about to find out. We just have to keep them away from each other, that's all. Then, next year, they'll be back together, and they'll be ready to win.\" \"If things go too far and he finds out, you won't have a pair's team to speak of. They'll never work together again.\" Robert sighed; Jesse was right. \"You tell him today, or they'll never win the gold again. You tell him now, and we can still save this. Still save them.\"[Chapter 6] Chapter Six While the coach and the dancer argued in the kitchen, Chazz slipped out of the back door, fairly certain that he didn't want to stick around for when things really kicked off. And then they would end up making up after.... Chazz pulled a face as he walked away from the angry couple's house. No, he decided in silence, he definitely did not need to be there when that happened. An hour later, Chazz found himself lounging in one of the comfy chairs in his local coffee shop, double chocolate frappuccino and a packet of sugar in hand, all ready to pour it into his drink. He couldn't stop his sweet tooth at times like this. When Chazz wasn't feeling a hundred percent, he was worse than Jimmy set loose with a pack of Skittles. On second thoughts... Chazz tipped the packet directly into his mouth before reaching for another, feeling worse than he had before. Nothing could beat a sugar high when he felt depressed. Not that it really worked any more. After thinking about it for less than a moment, he fished through his pockets before locating his mobile, wasting no time as he flicked through the numbers, and finally finding the one that he had been looking for. Jimmy MacElroy. His fingers traced over the numbers as he forgot that he carried a touch screen these days, very nearly deleting the number in the process. With a feeling of panic at the very idea, Chazz fumbled with the buttons, still completely unsure of himself, because God damn it, Jimmy had made him get the stupid thing in the first place, and he hadn't even stuck around for long enough to show him how the stupid thing worked. He watched helplessly as the mobile flew from his grasp and span across the floor to land by a pair of feet that looked strangely familiar. A hand reached down and Chazzz noticed the manicured nails before following the trail of an arm upwards. He saw glossed lips, an almost-crooked nose, blue eyes, and well-kept blonde hair, conditioned with Mane And Tail. Chazz gaped as Jimmy picked up the phone and handed it back to him. \"Jimmy!\" he said dumbly as the blonde nodded. \"That's right, Chazz, listen, I've been thinking since I left, and I've decided that I want you back.\" \"You want to skate with me again?\" If Jimmy had replied, then Chazz definitely didn't hear it. He suddenly found himself distracted by the blonde beauty that had walked in through double doors before approaching the coffee bar and ordering. Janine... The next thing he knew, they were in his flat, in his bed, and Jimmy was gone, but Chazz wasn't allowed to care, because she was here... Then he felt a hand shaking his shoulder and words, muffled and screamed all at once assaulted him from all angles. He opened his eyes, finally registering the barman that had been telling him to leave for the past ten minutes as he tried to close up shop. Wearily, Chazz climbed to his feet and walked out of the pub, his heart weighing heavily within his chest. It had been a dream. He rubbed his eyes with the back of his hand, unable to believe how exhausted he felt. He hadn't eaten properly in a week, and he hadn't slept properly in what seemed like an age. The same sort of time span had passed since he'd last seen Janine too. He'd tried, but Robert just kept on stopping him. And he'd long since given up on seeing Jimmy. On the verge of shedding irritating little drops of salt water all over the place Chazz stumbled back home, his surroundings blurred as he passed through the front door. Maybe, just maybe, he thought groggily as he collapsed onto the sofa, he'd overdone it just a little bit too much this time. He could vaguely remember stumbling into his local pub and ordering, already half-drunk. They'd served him easily if only because they'd had the time to get used to him. It was getting to the point now where Chazz couldn't help but think that if he tried to speak, all that would come out was some sort of frog-like croak. That frog... He turned his gaze onto it and sat still until it stopped its incessant dancing. As he shook his head to get rid of the image, he wondered why there were five of them when only one had been left behind. He reached towards it and had to blink when he saw four hands stretching for three frogs. He stopped and looked down at the closest hand until it came into sharper focus and there was only one. Making good use of his newly found clarity, he finally managed to take the stuffed frog into his arms. He fell asleep like that. Jimmy's little froggy. He'd never been told that the stupid blue thing's name was really Charles. Jimmy had tried his best, really and truly, he had. No one could ever tell him that he hadn't. Well, they probably could, but that didn't mean that he had to listen to them. He gave a slight shrug as he picked up the phone and dialled, hoping that Chazz hadn't moved, or worse, changed his number. It was alright, though. This was Janine calling, so even if he wanted nothing to do with Jimmy, at least he wouldn't turn down a call from her. He was safe in that respect, but none of those thoughts stopped the painful twinge as he thought about about how much Chazz liked Janine, and how much he must hate Jimmy. He bit back the sob that threatened to escape his throat as he raised the phone to his ear and listened intently. It rang. And rang... And rang some more... And a bit more... And rang.... Rang. Rang. Rang. Rang a bit more... Jimmy sighed, all ready to hang up when he heard something new. The ringing had stopped, and there was a faint sound in there, sounding something like someone in pain. \"...hello?\" Jimmy asked, wary. \"'lo?\" came a croak from the other end. \"Chazz?\" he asked uncertainly, half-expecting to hear Hector's voice. \"Jimmy?\" came the hopeful voice, still coarse. His heart skipped a beat, and it was all he could do not to nod stupidly and say that yes, it was him. Instead, he shook his head, forgetting that he couldn't be seen. \" Nein ,\" he replied, remembering his German for once, \"It's Janine.\" \"Janine, hi,\" Chazz mumbled at the other end of the line, tiredly rubbing a hand over his face as he wondered whether he needed a shave yet. Probably, he decided, when his questing fingers found the ghost of a beard that had begun to sprout across his chin. \"What, er...\" he coughed, tried to gather his voice and put it back together, grimaced at the taste of the veritable ash tray that still lingered on his tongue, cleared his throat, hoped it had worked, \"What do you want?\" he finally managed to ask of her, trying to keep up his demeanour. \"I wonder if your offer was still open?\" Jimmy asked, pleased with himself for not stuttering even once. Not that he'd ever stuttered in his life, but you never knew what might happen when you were nervous – anything could come out. \"My offer?\" came the tired voice through the phone. \"For dinner.\" Dinner? Chazz screwed up his face in thought. He'd asked her out, sure, but that had been last week, hadn't it? He only realised how long he'd been silent for when Janine spoke again. \"...hello? Are you there?\" Jimmy asked, scared he'd found out and that Chazz had decided enough of the games and hung up on him. \"I'm here.\" Chazz was amazed to find himself sitting straighter as he rubbed the sleep out of his eyes, \"So, dinner?\" he repeated. \"That's right, I wondered when you were free?\" \"You know, it's usually the guy that asks the girl out. Not the other way around,\" he paused for a moment before adding \"Chickaling,\" for good measure. \"...don't you mean 'chickling'?\" \"I mean what I say.\" Jimmy stared at his phone incredulously. Was that a yes? He gave it a second before asking as much. \"How does Friday sound?\" The blonde hesitated. Friday was the night before the Winter Sports Final. \"...sounds great.\" \"Eight?\" \"Sure.\" Chazz hung up a moment later, feeling better already. He couldn't stop the smile that crossed his face.[Chapter 7] Chapter Seven As far as Chazz was concerned, Friday couldn't come quick enough. He felt like a child; he'd even pinned up one of those little home-made calendars, counting down the days as he very helpfully crossed them off the moment each one dawned. Monday, then Tuesday, and suddenly, it was Wednesday, and that meant that there were only two days left to go. While Chazz Michael Michaels practically bounced about his life, Jimmy MacElroy was having a decidedly harder time of things. What really didn't help was the fact that secretly, he suspected Coach of knowing exactly what it was that he'd arranged; ever since he'd called Chazz on Sunday, he'd been pushed ever harder with his routine – it didn't seem to matter anymore that Jimmy wasn't competing to win, not as far as Coach was concerned. He practised the blonde as hard as he could, constantly pushing the disguised boy as far to his limits as he dared go. MacElroy fell harder, span faster, skated with more precision... Everything about his routine that could be bettered, was. \"No stone must remain unturned, Jimmy. You want to shine so that when you fall, the hearts of your people just wrench for you,\" Jesse was saying from the sidelines as the blonde figure skater span into quite an ugly and painful-looking sprawl across the ice. \"What stones?\" he asked as he pulled himself up with a wary glance about the rink that they'd rented out; had one of their competitors come in with a scoop of gravel when they hadn't been looking? His mind calmed when his scan of the ice came up clear – he must have meant metaphorical stones, of course . The moves and the routine! \"Jimmy!\" came the bark of the coach from the dancer's side, \"Back to work!\" And so, the skater turned back to the ice as Jesse turned his unbelieving eyes on his life partner, \"You haven't told him yet.\" Of course, it wasn't a question. It would never be a question. Ever. Robert heaved a defeated sigh, glad that Jimmy was too distracted to hear a word that they were saying. \"If you mean Michaels... then no, I haven't. Why would I?\" \"Oh, I don't know, maybe because those two have a date on Friday? And don't make that face. Of course I know – you think Jimmy doesn't tell me everything? They'll go out and Chazz will find out and he'll run away – you know these boys. Think about this, Rob. Jimmy will go wrong at the Games, he'll be so–\" \"It doesn't matter because he can't place. They'll test him.\" Jesse scowled as he was forced to give up his argument – in something almost akin to a strop, he pushed away from the railings and went to sit in one of the higher rows, pulling on the fingerless gloves that Robert continually berated him for; what good were they for warming your hands if they didn't even cover them? Of course, the dancer's salute of a middle finger that he'd learnt from Chazz showed his partner exactly what they were for. Somehow, the blonde had managed to convince himself that he was doing this for his friend's sake; it nearly worked, actually – telling himself every night that he didn't like Chazz like that and that he was only doing it because he knew that his ex-partner might be lonely... It very nearly worked, and that was the honest truth. And yet... as the day came closer, he couldn't deny the churning of his stomach that seemed to take him over every time he thought of Chazz. He couldn't ignore the way that he'd fumble his routine every five minutes when the face of the lone wolf and the man who'd once stood by him happened to cross his mind. And above all else, he could not deny the fact that when Friday night came, he practically raced about his little flat to get ready. It wasn't like the first he'd ever been on – the one with Katie. No, this was something very different to that. Here... he felt confident. Maybe it was that he wasn't entirely himself; maybe it was that this was his best and only friend... whatever the case, he couldn't be sure of the truth. Maybe it was just that he wanted more of what had happened in the changing rooms, and he was just too scared to ask for it. He didn't know. But that didn't stop him from getting ready and piling the makeup on as though his life depended on it. It took an hour-long visit from Jesse to make him tone it down just a little bit. Chazz stood in front of his bathroom mirror, arranging and rearranging his jacket before finally deciding that he didn't look so bad. Of course, he never looked bad – he was Chazz Michael Michaels, sex addict. He had never looked bad in all his life, and that was the cold, hard truth of the matter. But for some strange reason, it really mattered tonight that he looked perfect. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5... ...56, 57, 58, 59... ...82, 83, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88... ...99, 100. He laid the Verticoli back into its chest before going to brush his teeth, ignoring the strange little bounce in his step that had absolutely nothing to do with sex addiction. So it was that Chazz ended up taking his very male ex-partner out on a very awkward date. Nearly half of it was filled with the older man staring at the German figure skater who was incapable of doing much that wasn't flushing angrily at her plate. It ended with a flustered Janine making her excuses and going to leave – she was stopped, of course, by Michaels' tongue that was simply relentless in its attempts to make her stay. But she didn't, and the only comfort that the addict really had left was the knowledge that he would see her tomorrow when she won the gold. AN: This is back due to popular demand... I've had some issues with college and general health, which is the reason for the long delay since I first created this fic - thanks for the support, everyone. :) Anyone who's still with me out here, thanks. This could all be wrong because I typed it up in a bit of a rush on four hours' sleep - I'll probably edit it another day. I think that Chapter Eight will be the last one, so look out for that. Don't worry, though - anyone that likes this, I've already found ideas for my second Blades fic. I'm pretty excited about it! Thanks for all your patience. MsQueenling. x ","Summary":" My Pretty Lady Chapter One Chazz kicked at Jimmy's giant over-stuffed frog, his anger forcing the b"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Spies","Author":"dress4m","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6672098","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When Robert's sister Susannah gets taken to a Confederate camp, she falls in love with an officer there. Is he really who he seems, or will she find out his biggest secret? I don't own any of the characters who actually lived. Everyone else is my creation. Susannah POV We have a story. A true story. One that you have never heard before. It is a story of love, life, and losses: I woke up and found myself lying in the grass on a warm spring day. In any other circumstance, this would have been a pleasant thing, but it was 1863 and this was war territory. I slowly began to remember what had happened. I had been on her way to visit my brother, Colonel Robert Gould Shaw, and Major Cabot Forbes when my horse had been startled by gunfire. After falling from its back, I must have fallen unconscious and my horse had kept going. Sitting up, I noticed that in the distance was a river. On each of its banks I was less than thrilled to see bodies. A lot of bodies. Suddenly I became aware of movement coming from the left and three men started to make their way towards me. The sun was to their backs and they became silhouettes to my eyes. As they came closer, I could hear their southern drawl. I realized with horror that they were Confederates! One of them came really close and said, \"Hey there, darlin. What's yer name? Yer mighty pretty.\" As… honored as I was by his comment, I was scared because his friends came and stood around me so that there was no way for me to escape. I silently prayed that they would leave me alone and keep on their way even though that seemed unlikely. But somehow, my prayers were answered in a different way. A way that would change my life. A man came riding up on his horse, and much to my dismay, he was dressed in the grey uniform of the confederate soldier. \"Soldiers,\" he snapped, and they immediately paid attention, much to my surprise. \"Please explain what is going on here, Private Johnson.\" The man who had originally approached me responded to that address as I examined my savior. He possessed no accent, at least not a southern one, and he was tall. His hair was brown and his eyes seemed to be blue in the sunlight. He sounded very well educated and held himself in a position of authority without appearing proud. \"Miss?\" he questioned, \"are you alright?\" I nodded to his response, unable to find my voice. \"Are you with the Union?\" Again I nodded, still as mute as before. \"And what is your name?\" he asked. \"Su-susannh Shaw, sir,\" I choked out. \"Well, Miss Shaw, would you mind coming with me to our campsite? This was a Confederate victory,\" he said, gesturing to the landscape, \"and the Union armies are long gone. I promise that you will be safe with us and that no harm shall come to you.\" He sounded genuine and there was really no other place for me to go than with him, so I agreed to go with him. I was drawn up onto his horse and I wrapped my arms around his torso, afraid that I might fall off from yet another horse. After a few minutes of riding in silence, he cleared his throat and said, \"How rude of me not to introduce myself, Miss Shaw. I am-\" he paused, \"Major William Simon Davis of the Confederate Army.\" I was unsure of how to respond so I just thanked him. I noticed him pause before telling me his name and I was trying to decode why. It almost seemed as though he had been trying to tell himself who he was. I was quite confused and as time passed, I found myself becoming very drowsy. William POV She was quite beautiful, I must admit. Her hair was blonde and fell down in waves onto her shoulders- as well as mine, for she had fallen asleep with her head resting against my shoulder. She probably should have been wearing a hair ribbon, but I assumed it must have fallen out. What a disappointment, I joked to myself. Her eyes were brown, an unusual combination with her hair that simply made her more intriguing. The way that the wind blew wafted her scent to me. She smelled sweet, like after it rains. I would not have admitted it, but I enjoyed having her sleep on the comfort of my shoulder. After a solid hour of riding, I discerned that we were nearing the camp, so I gently turned my body and shook Miss Shaw awake. Upon entering, I dropped her off at the tent where the other women stayed. There were a few women who had followed their husbands to war, as well as the only female nurse in the Confederacy. Strangely enough, there was one other woman who was from the Union and had come to us some weeks past in the same manner as Miss Shaw. \"Here we are, Miss Shaw. This is where I shall be leaving you.\" Susannah POV \"Will I see you again, Major Davis?\" I asked, hoping not to sound eager. He had saved me and seemed to care, so I wanted to know him more that I did just knowing his name. He smiled, \"It is very possible. This isn't a very large camp.\" He walked away and I stood until he disappeared from my view. I was curious about him, but it would have to wait. \"Hello?\" I heard from a female voice behind me. I turned around and saw a woman with the brightest red hair I had ever seen. \"My name is Eliza Miller. Can I help you at all? Would you like some water?\" I nodded and she led me into the tent and sad me down on an empty cot. There were four other women occupying the tent, but none of them paid any notice to me, save for Eliza. She came back with a small cup and I drank the water gratefully. I had not realized how thirsty I was. \"I'm Susannah Shaw,\" I said, \"Major Davis brought me here after… well… I don't really remember what happened, to tell you the truth.\" Then I leaned in closer to her and whispered, \"I do not mean to be rude, but who are all of these women and why are they here?\" She explained, \"Those three over there are wives of some of the soldiers. Mary Albright is on the left, Jeanette Haines on the right and Lisa Craft in the middle. Liza's husband just died, but she wants to stay along. She has no other family. The woman writing a letter is Margaret Wolfe. She is a nurse, the only woman nurse in the Confederacy.\" \"And what about you, Eliza Miller, what is your story?\" I asked. \"You don't really want to hear about me, I'm from the Union so I don't get a lot of sympathy here except from Major Davis, General Lee, and a few others who want this war to end.\" I was overjoyed to hear that she was from the Union and told her that I was, too. She was very excited and we became friends in a matter of minutes. William POV \"General Lee, there is a young woman who will be staying with us for a while. She is from the Union and I found her near the battlefield. Private Johnson and his partners in crime were about to, well to put it lightly, harass her. I believe she is currently in the care of Miss Eliza.\" The General nodded, pleased with my actions and asked me to do another task for him. \"I have some… sensitive information to be delivered to General Armistead. I would like for you to deliver it right away. It must not fall into enemy hands, do you understand?\" I nodded, accepted the papers he handed to me, stuffed them into my boot, and immediately started off to deliver the letters.[Chapter 2] Susannah POV I watched him leave. After a while, it registered to me that I was sad he was gone. I sighed and turned back to help Eliza tidy up. She could tell I was depressed. \"What's wrong, Susannah?\" she asked me, eager to make me feel better. \"Oh… I just… Well….\" \"Do you miss your family? Are you scared to be here where none of them know where you are?\" I nodded, unable to tell her that I was also sad to see Major Davis go in such a hurry. She looked into my eyes and said, \"Don't worry, I felt the same way when I first arrived. These men won't try to hurt you, Susannah, and if they do, I'm sure that the General and Major Davis would do something about it.\" I smiled at her, thanked her, and turned to sit on my cot, staring at the ground while I hoped she was right. \"Honestly,\" I heard her trailing off, \"I don't know why Major Davis hasn't been promoted to a higher rank…\" The next day I decided to go for a walk and explore the campgrounds. Eliza offered to give me a tour and came with. It started to rain lightly, but we just kept walking, paying no attention to the drizzle. She pointed out who stayed where and where each person was from, who not to run into, and the general locations of nearby landmarks. I wasn't really listening, but something did catch my attention. \"Major Davis stays there,\" she said, then continuing her evaluation of the camp. After hearing his name again, I couldn't keep my mind off of him. There was something so mysterious about him. It captured me and I just kept repeating his name in my mind. William Simon Davis. It took a little while for my thought process to suggest that maybe I was starting to feel more towards him than a friendship or gratitude. I stopped walking once I had thought of this. There was really no way that I had any special liking towards him. My brother was a Colonel in the Union Army, for goodness sakes! How could I fraternize with the enemy- a Confederate Major? Furthermore, I had only met Major Davis yesterday. I tried to refute that I felt a gravitation towards him and that I was only grateful that he had showed up right when he had, but then Eliza noticed that I had stopped walking. \"Susannah? Is something the matter? Are you hurt or tired?\" she asked. I looked at her and judging from her expression, my face must have shown the shock at the debate going on inside my head. \"Umm… N-no, I'm sorry. Let's keep walking.\" I tried to keep the subject off of him, but I had to know if he was back. \"Is he here?\" I asked. \"Is who here?\" she said in a confused voice. \"Major Davis,\" I said slowly. \"Yes?\" said a deep, clear voice from behind me. I turned quickly to find myself looking at Major Davis himself. His hair was wet and plastered to his face from the rain and his uniform was splattered with mud. He looked fatigued. \"Oh! Good afternoon, sir. I just wanted to thank you properly for coming to my aid yesterday morning.\" \"It was no problem, Miss Shaw. I am only glad that I arrived when I did, and not a moment later.\" He looked at me for a few seconds until he averted his eyes and cleared his throat. He uttered a small goodbye and took off. Eliza squinted her eyes at me and I knew I hadn't told her why I was here, but I could tell she was going to find out. William POV I could have been lost in Miss Shaw's eyes forever. They were beautiful; light brown with touches of emerald green. I was so surprised when she asked Eliza if I was at camp that I couldn't help but join in. Plus, Eliza had seen me so it would have been impossible to sneak off. Then I saw her eyes and just… got lost. I didn't want to look away or leave, but for propriety's sake, I had to. I may not be a British gentleman in terms of propriety, but I was raised to uphold some standards. Besides, it isn't like she has any special regard towards me. I am supposed to be a Confederate soldier fighting for a Confederate cause, not a lovesick puppy doting on a woman from the Union. I found it strange that I had thought of her during my whole trip with the correspondence for General Armistead. I was offered to stay the night at the other camp to rest, but I refused. Among other reasons, I wanted to see Susannah again, and as soon as possible. When I had realized that my reasons for wanting to come back so quickly were mostly because of her, I also realized that I did have feelings towards her. As much as I would have loved for her to feel the same way towards me, I knew it could not happen. Not at least until this war was over. I reported to General Lee and asked for permission to rest for the remainder of the day, which was granted seeing as I had been riding all night. I found it hard to fall asleep because my conscience was getting at me. I wanted to do something good, but what is good when you are in a war? When I finally fall asleep, I could only dream about Susannah- ahem, Miss Shaw. I pictured her flowing hair, her bright eyes, and captivating smile. My mind told me to avoid her at all costs, but I knew that that could never happen.[Chapter 3] Eliza POV Susannah had been here for a week already and I still did not know how she had come to be at the camp. I couldn't go any longer without knowing. \"Susannah,\" I asked, \"If it isn't too much of a displeasure, could you tell me why you are here?\" She came and sat across from me and started to explain what had happened. After she finished her story, I had a few questions for her to answer. She answered them well until I got to my final question: \"Where were you headed? You said you were on your horse?\" She started to seem more closed up than she had before. \"I was on my way to visit my brother and his friend who are… who are in the Union Army,\" she said. \"My brother is in the army as well, Susannah. Maybe they know each other? What regiment is he in, or what is his name?\" Here she tensed up even more and looked around to see that no one else could hear us. \"They would not know each other, or at least there is very little chance. My brother is- you mustn't tell anyone- he is Colonel Robert Gould Shaw of the 54th Massachusetts regiment. His friend is Major Cabot Forbes of the same regiment…\" she trailed off with a look of longing and sadness in her eyes. I, on the other hand, was astonished that her brother was the man in charge of the first official black regiment. I held in my astonishment and tried to cheer Susannah up instead. \"So, who is this Forbes fellow? I saw the way you looked when you mentioned him,\" I inquired. She blushed and timidly replied, \"He is my brother's good friend, as well as mine. He asked for my hand, but I refused. I felt I was too young to get married at the time, and did not think of him in that way. Not until he left for the war. Of course, it was then that I would have accepted his offer, had he asked again. Now I have decided that I no longer love him. I forced myself to stop on the chance that he might die, and I would feel horrible.\" I gasped, \"Oh dear. I'm sorry for bringing it up! I had no idea it was a troublesome relationship.\" \"Please don't be,\" she said, trying to smile, \"I am glad to have a confidant to talk with and share my feelings with. I know that we will be friends even when this war is over, whichever the outcome.\" William POV I was walking past Susannah's tent when I heard her talking with Eliza. Eliza asked Susannah who someone named Forbes was. I was worried and I too wondered who this man was. I was concerned for if she had been courting, or worse, engaged to this man. I know that it is bad to eavesdrop, but I could not help it. Once Susannah had finished her tale about him, I left, happy that she felt only friendship towards him. But if she forced herself to stop loving him because he might die in the war, how could I ever hope to win her heart? I was a soldier too, and even worse, I was a Confederate soldier! I tried to think of what I could do, but I couldn't ask any of the men at camp because I knew they would continually tease me, and because she was \"the enemy,\" they probably would skip the teasing and go right to shunning me. I couldn't confront her because that would be odd and unnecessary for both of us to have to go through. I eventually came to the conclusion that all I could do was pray. I am not a very religious man, so I didn't really know exactly what I was supposed to say or do. I had gone to church as a boy, but I never paid attention and as I grew up, my family only attended church on holidays. I just knelt at the side of my bed and folded my hands. I thought about Susannah, what problems would keep us apart, and wished that she may someday feel towards me how I feel about her. I am also never one to vocalize my problems, so I just hoped that He would get the message. After whispering a quick \"Amen,\" I got up and shuffled towards the mess hall- a tent covering a number of tables next to many fire pits. Susannah POV I liked going for walks when the weather permitted. I was actually starting to get used to the camp, much to my surprise. I know my family worried for me, but it would pain me too much to write them letters, even though I have been told I could. While walking through the camp later that day, I found myself walking with General Lee. He was very kind, and introduced himself, \"Miss Shaw? I'm sorry I haven't been able to introduce myself. I am General Robert E. Lee.\" I smiled and nodded slightly as he continued. \"Now I know that you don't agree with my fellow southerners about their views on this war, but I hope that you will be comfortable here.\" \"Yes, sir,\" I replied as we rounded the corner, \"I am starting to feel comfortable here, and Eliza has done nothing but help me become accustomed here.\" He looked content with this answer. \"We will be moving camp next week, Miss Shaw, and I give you the choice to stay with us, or else I will give you a horse and you may find your way home.\" I was quiet for some time, and I contemplated on how my life had seemed so sad at home without Robert or Cabot… and here I had Eliza. And Major Davis. \"General Lee, I believe that I would like to stay along, if I wouldn't be too much of a burden,\" I said confidently, despite the fact that just thinking of Major William Davis almost made my knees buckle. \"It would be no trouble at all, Miss Shaw.\" We stopped in front of my tent, and he lightly shook my hand. I was pleasantly surprised at how much of a gentleman he was. \"Miss Shaw,\" he acknowledged. \"General. Thank you for your kindness, sir.\" He nodded and walked off as I ducked inside the tent to tell Eliza the good news.[Chapter 4] Short, little chapter ;) Susannah POV When I came into the tent, I found Eliza crying all alone. \"Eliza! My dear friend, what is wrong?\" I questioned. She sobbed and I came to her, and knelt down beside her, letting the shoulder of my dress soak up her tears. \"M-my br-brother… he has been killed by I-Indians in Minnesota!\"* I felt a wave of sadness come over me as she thrust the letter she had been clutching onto towards me. I did not want to read it, for the fear that any day my brother could die and I would probably never know unless a similar letter found me. I consoled her, and she calmed down quite a bit. She drank some coffee and ate a few bites off of a biscuit before I urged her to get some sleep. The other women came in, ignoring us as usual. I told them that Eliza's brother had died, and what had happened. Mary and Jeanette seemed sorry and Lisa even gasped. I sat while they gossiped and sewed and even chimed in a few times when their topics interested me. I also wanted to become closer with them since I was to stay with them rather than find my way home. We talked of poetry, which led us to love, a topic I was not so comfortable with. My becoming silent after we had chatted did not go unnoticed. \"Susannah, do you have nothing to say on this topic?\" asked Liza. Jeanette scoffed, \"She nearing twenty years old and is neither courting anyone, nor married. What would she have to say?\" I did not like Jeanette very much, but I spoke up, \"I have been in love before and was asked to marry, but it was not right.\" This satisfied them and they went back to their sewing. I thought about how I might be falling in love right now with Major Davis, but how we can't be together, either. I couldn't be with a Confederate and I doubt he would want to be with someone loyal to the Union. I walked over to the small bookshelf kept in the corner of our tent and selected a book of poems. I read through the ones about nature, and then I proceeded to the poems centered on love. I quickly realized that those ones did not make me feel better, so I skipped past them. There was one poem that brought me to tears about a noble group of warriors that sacrificed themselves for their country and their cause and I prayed that a similar poem would never be written about any men fighting in this war. *The Sioux uprisings in Minnesota did happen around this time, and many whites and Indians were killed. 303 Native American men were sentenced to death because of their \"crimes\" (really just an act of war) but President Lincoln pardoned 265 of them (thank goodness). 38 were hanged and it was the largest mass execution the country had seen and is still the 1 st or 2 nd largest today.[Chapter 5] William POV After my sorry attempt at praying, I sat in the mess hall, eating… well, I'm not really sure exactly what it was. I must have looked troubled, because nobody came to sit near me, not that this wasn't unusual because I didn't really get along with them anyways. I liked General Lee, although not all of the men did, seeing as he only came to the Confederate side because Virginia seceded against his wishes and he didn't want to fight against his own state. Major Joseph Thompson was my only good friend here. He came and sat across from me. \"Is something wrong, Will?\" he inquired. \"No. Yes. Possibly.\" My face scrunched up differently with every word. Joe let out a quiet chuckle, \"What's going on? Now you've got me interested.\" I didn't answer right away, and wasn't quite sure if I wanted to at all. Joe could overreact sometimes and he also wasn't the greatest secret keeper. \"Let me guess,\" he teased, \"hmmm. You disobeyed an order? Stole something? Said something you regret?\" I shook my head with each guess. \"Jesus Christ, Will! The only other thing I could think of is if there's a woman!\" he exclaimed. I looked up and back down, staring at my food while my fork pushed through it, trying not to confirm his suspicions. \"Oh, so…. Who is she?\" he asked. I sighed, he would probably never give up, but I just couldn't tell him. How could I have fallen so hard for her in such a short amount of time? After some thinking on my part and a stare down from him, I finally gave in. \"I can never be with her,\" I confessed, \"She would never love me.\" \"Why not? You're a nice guy. Is she married?\" I shook my head. \"Too young? Too old?\" The answers were still no. \"Well, is she…,\" Joe thought a moment before his face lit up in an epiphany and he whispered, \"from the Union?\" I looked at my friend and took a deep breath and was about to say 'yes' when he started to smile mischievously, \"It's that Susannah girl, isn't it? I heard some of the men talking about her, how pretty they think she is and what an addition she is to have around.\" Then he added quietly, \"Private Johnson even said that he wished you'd have shown up a few minutes later than you did.\" That did it. Joe POV He punched me! It wasn't that hard, but my nose still bled. I don't think he realized what he'd done until he saw the blood and the amazed and shocked expression on my face. \"Joe, I'm so sorry! I-I don't know what got into me!\" I put a cloth up to my nose, amazed at him. Not because he punched me, but why he did. He was in love with a girl, and from the Union, too! He must really like her, seeing as he punched me for saying what I did, which I deserved. Most of us don't like Johnson for going around talking like he does and implying truly horrible things. Everyone else was starting to stare, so we got up and went outside the tent. Will kept apologizing to me, but I stopped him. \"Don't apologize. I was out of line, and now I can see that you really care for her.\" To my continued astonishment he blushed! I took the cloth away from my nose and noticed that it had stopped bleeding. \"I won't tell anyone, you know. You have my word on that, Will.\" \"Thank you.\" We ended up walking past the women's tent and I could see Will shifting his gaze towards it to catch a glimpse of Susannah. I myself only saw Miss Eliza's red hair through the crack in the tent flap, but we just walked by without a word. When we arrived at the officer's tent again, Will collapsed into his bed immediately, falling asleep with a smile on his face. I laughed at him to myself and followed suit.[Chapter 6] General Lee POV Where was Major Davis? I needed to find him because I had some urgent plans for him to deliver, and he was nowhere to be found. I gathered from the men at the mess hall that he had punched Major Thompson and then they walked outside. I checked their tent, and sure enough, they were there. Sleeping. During the day. Now, I don't usually get angry, but I had just found out that our next march had been changed, and now it was two times longer! The Army of Northern Virginia could barely take traveling for one week, let alone three, given the provisions they had. Most of the men shot their own game when we were on the march, wasting ammunition. I shook Major Davis awake, and he must've been sleeping really deeply, because it took me a while. I do suppose it's good he had some rest, because I was about to send him off. He squinted, saw me, and scrambled up, saluting with a \"Sir!\" \"William, I have some more news for you to deliver to our other units regarding our locations for these next few weeks.\" He noticed the urgency in my command and after I gave him the letters, he took off right away. I wondered why he had been smiling when he was asleep and then thought back through the past couple of days and realized that he had been much more cheerful. At first I thought that our victory at Chancellorsville was the cause, but upon further examination I realized that Miss Shaw had been around for the same amount of time and that Major Davis was the one who brought her here to be protected in the first place. If that were the reason, which I was quite sure it was, then I pondered over if it would work out. They had opposite points of view on the war and on our country, but then again, love works in strange ways… William POV General Lee handed me the letters for the other units, and I left to get my horse and go. On my way out to the stables, I ran into Susannah, literally. I rounded the corner as she came from the opposite direction, and we knocked each other down. \"Oh, Miss Shaw, I apologize; I wasn't watching where I was going! Let me help you up,\" I offered, holding out my hand after I had stood up. \"Thank you sir, it was as much my fault as yours,\" she replied kindly, taking my hand and accepting my help standing up. \"If I may ask, where are you off to in such a hurry, Major?\" \"I, uh, have to go out to some other camps and inform them of some changes in our route.\" Her face fell and she muttered, \"Oh.\" We stood there, looking at our shoes for a moment before I decided I should go. \"I-I should leave now. Goodbye, Miss Shaw,\" I gave a nod in her direction and went to get my horse, but not before I could look at her face, and saw a faint smile. I delivered all of the messages to the other units in record time. I stopped at a field to eat, and to give my horse some rest, and noticed that it was growing dark. I looked up and saw the first star twinkling in the sky. I'd always loved how the first stars came out before the light had totally faded away. The stars reminded me of the curious twinkle in Susannah's eyes. So lost was I in my reverie that I hadn't noticed that it actually did grow dark. I got up, mounted my horse and made a decision. Instead of turning right, towards camp, I veered left and rode North. When I researched the name \"William Davis,\" I stumbled upon at least two Confederate soldiers by that name, and at least one Union soldier. And when I searched \"Joseph Thompson\" I found a website with school projects on him- he was apparently a Union soldier (whoops on my part, but hey, I just made up the name, so I was happy that it was at least from the same time period).[Chapter 7] Susannah POV Major Davis had been gone for two days. During that time, my daily life was quite dull. . In the morning, I would wake up with everyone else at the bugle call, and then I would help Lisa make breakfast. After we ate, we'd wash our plates, and then for the morning, we would usually mend uniforms. After lunch, Eliza and I would go for a walk and talk about what was on our minds. I had not yet old her about my feelings towards Major Davis, as I was still trying to make sense of them. Then, after supper we would write letters. I never wrote letters home because the only people I missed from my home were Robert and Cabot, and they weren't at home. I did not know where they were anymore. When I fell off my horse on my way to see them, I was going to see them because they were to leave the next week, which meant that they were already gone. They did not know I was coming to visit, so they wouldn't know that I was \"missing\". I did not write to my family at home, either. My father never paid much attention to me because Robert always got all the glory. My mother focused most of her attention on my eldest sister, Anna. Josephine and Ellen were so frivolous and took up any other time my mother had. I would often stay with my aunt and uncle along with Robert. He was the only one in our family who would ask how I was doing. These were among the reasons I chose to stay with the army. Even if they were Confederates, my opinions still remained the same, and I had Eliza. She cared about me, the way I wished the rest of my sisters would, and I cared for her. I was treated with respect by General Lee and Major Davis, who would always want to know how I was feeling here, and the truth was, I was feeling quite at home, even if life was a little slow. Eliza did not feel up to taking a walk that evening, so I went alone. It looked a little overcast, but I did not think it would rain. I, of course, was very wrong. Out of nowhere the rain started coming down in torrents. I wandered around, unable to make any sense of direction. I could barely see, catching glimpses of where I was with every lightning strike. The rain was cold, and chilled me to the bone. My hair was plastered to my face and my clothes were soaked. The thunder and pouring rain made it impossible to hear anything. Suddenly, a dark figure on a horse came barreling towards me. I stumbled back and tripped on a tree root just before it would have hit me. I noticed that the rain had let up a little, but I still could not see where I was. Moments later, the man appeared again, this time without his horse. He helped me up, but when I had fallen, all of the wind got knocked out of me. I could not easily breathe the cold, stormy air. \"Are you alright, Miss Shaw?\" said a deep voice full of worry that I recognized well. It was Major Davis… He had almost killed me! I was shivering and gasping from the cold, and from fright. I couldn't speak and just stood there, trembling. He flung his coat off and put it around me, leading me towards the infirmary. How he could see where it was, I do not know. \"It's alright, Susannah, you're okay now,\" he kept whispering to me over and over again. His hands felt like a vise on my arms, as though he was afraid to let go. \"W-William,\" I managed to say. My legs began to fail me and I started to collapse when he scooped up my legs and carried me the rest of the way to shelter. William POV I got Susannah to the infirmary, where Margaret took care of her. Dr. Ewell wanted to know what had happened, but first he thrust a thick woolen blanket towards me. I hadn't even known we had these! My camp blanket was so thin! Well, emergency purposes only, I supposed. I was cold, so my speech had some breaks in it where I shivered, \"I was riding back… from the other camps where the General had me deliver some news, and I almost… ran over her on my horse. I have no idea why she was outside during this storm, but I went back… to make sure… she was okay. When I got there, she was on the- the ground. I helped her up, gave her my coat, and brought her here.\" \"It's alright, son, Margaret will make sure she's okay.\" He walked away and came back with a change of clothes. \"Here, change into some dry clothes so you don't catch a cold. You'll have to stay here until the storm lets up.\" \"Thank you,\" I replied, and then went to change. I got back, sat down, and started talking to Dr. Ewell. He was a good man, and reminded me of my father. After a while, he went to go check on some of the other patients, so I lied down and fell asleep. When I woke up, it was no longer raining. I felt better, but they would not let me go until I had seen Dr. Ewell, so I had one of the nurses go tell General Lee that I had completed my mission and what had happened. I figured that Susannah had been excused, or was being treated in her tent because I couldn't see her in the make-shift hospital. \"Dr. Ewell?\" I called, \"Where is Su-Miss Shaw? Is she alright?\" I almost slipped up and called her Susannah like I had last night. I know that it isn't bad to address women that you are familiar with by their given name, but as you already know, I like to have some sense of propriety. \"Yes, she is in her tent, I've recommended rest- for both of you. You can be on your way if you wish, just remember, no strenuous activity.\" I thanked him and made my leave. I thought that Dr. Ewell was one of the more sane doctors in the south, if not the only one.[Chapter 8] Susannah POV My recovery went well, and I was up and about in a few days, which was good, because we were marching in four days. I wasn't really sure if we- the women- would march, or ride horses, or what. I didn't want to ask in case it was an obvious answer that I overlooked. Major Davis was fully recovered quite quickly as well. When I had seen that it was Major Davis who almost ran me over, I was both awestruck and grateful- grateful because I knew he would be able to guide me to the tents. His chivalry in giving his heavy jacket to me was another thing about him that just seemed perfect. And when he whispered in my ear, I almost collapsed again, if not for his arms keeping me up. I planned to find Major Davis so that I could thank him and to yell at him for what he had done the other night. Instead, he found me just before I had planned to set out. I was alone in my tent when he came in. He stood far away, near the door of the tent, I believe so that if anyone came in, they wouldn't think anything. I found myself wanting to close the gap between us and embrace him. I knew my feelings for him were escalating. He opened his mouth to talk, and then closed it before he began, \"Miss Shaw, I'm sorry for almost running you over the other night, but I'm glad no harm has come to you.\" \"Please,\" I said, thinking about how he always called me Miss Shaw, \"Call me Susannah. And I accept your apology, but I really should be thanking you. If you hadn't helped me to the hospital, I would probably be sick or dead.\" \"And furthermore,\" I continued with a smile, \"I think this happens much too often, me being in trouble, you rescuing me, and me saying thank you.\" I thought about how many times that had happened in the time I had known him. It was a semi frequent occurrence. \"So, next time do you want me to leave you in distress? Let you get up by yourself and run away wishing I had done something to help you?\" he teased. I didn't respond, and he took my answer as a \"no.\" He walked towards the tent flap and gave me one last smile and said \"Susannah,\" before ducking out. My heart fluttered and I could not stop smiling. I sat down and tried to regain myself so that I could think this out rationally. Okay, so I liked him more than I wished to admit. But he was a Confederate soldier… that doesn't mean that he believed in their cause, right? He could've been drafted into the army, with no choice but to go. He was probably twenty years old, so that put him in the age range for drafted soldiers. I had never heard him talk about fighting, unlike the other men to whom that was the only subject. As far as I knew, all he did was deliver letters to other units and camps. He would be gone for a long time when he did this, longer than it would take the average person. I wondered where he would go during this time. Was there another camp that I did not know of? Or, was there a girl? It couldn't be that, not with the way he acted towards me… Yet still I worried. If there was another camp, then I really would not mind except that it would keep him away from me. If, however, he was off flirting with a girl, then I would be bothered. I had this strange feeling when I thought about that and realized that it was jealousy. I knew then and there that Major Davis was special because I had never felt jealousy in my life and now it came over me as I imagined him with an imaginary girl. I hoped that he wouldn't be offended by my asking questions of him because that is exactly what I planned to do.[Chapter 9] William POV After my talk with Susannah, General Lee sent me off with secret war plans…again. I knew he didn't trust anyone else with this task, but I didn't always want to be the one sent off. I had to leave a few times per month with information that most soldiers wouldn't want to be caught dead with. The nice thing was that the General had given me permission for a two day leave following the delivery of the letters. This time, he seemed especially upset about the correspondence and I pondered this as I rested from traveling. I was sitting under an old oak tree and I was playing with one of the envelopes. I was curious as to what the urgent information was and had other reasons of interest to know what they contained, so I tried holding the papers up to the sun to see if I could read through the envelopes, but no luck was found there. After much deliberation, I just decided to open it. The information I found was something that must be reported as soon as possible: we were going to Gettysburg to attack the Union! After reading through it twice, I quickly scrambled up and rode to the last camp. After I was done delivering the already opened message there, I kept on at a fast pace towards my next destination. I arrived in the very late afternoon. The Union camp. \"Major McKinley,\" the soldier addressed me. It was so odd being called by my real name here, after getting used to \"Davis\", but at least my rank was the same in both armies. The young soldier, Ryan, led me to the large tent at the edge of the encampment. It was a pity that this boy would probably die in this war, there is no way he could have been eighteen. It just showed you how desperate the army had become for soldiers. I was in a bit of a rush to bring this information to the attention of General Grant, and I burst in the tent, out of breath from my run through the camp. \"McKinley! What on earth happened, we haven't heard from you in weeks! Do you have news of the Confederate's plans?\" General Grant asked. \"Yes sir… they plan to attack at Gettysburg… Marching there on Tuesday, but it will take a few weeks with the number of people…through the Shenandoah Valley… almost 74,000 men will be meeting there.\" General Grant immediately started making plans, but found a moment to thank me and tell me to get a drink and rest. As I took my leave I heard bits of his conversation with the other officers, \"General Meade will go with ninety thousand m…..\" Today was just another day as a spy. You risk your life with information that you secretly turned over, get a small amount of praise, and be off, all the while letting no one know who you really are. There were times when I almost slipped, such as that first day I met Susannah. It took me a moment to remember that I was Major William Simon Davis at the time, and not Major William Ethan McKinley. I was on my way back from a meeting with some Union officers when I had come across her with Private Johnson. There were times when I would be sent with messages to the Confederate camps and I did not check with my correspondents in the Union. This was the first time I had ever come directly to the Union camp, and I hadn't even contacted my contact. I was, however, glad that I could help my country when I had information, although this was the first time anything of importance had come up. I got some coffee, aware of the stares I received. I was still in my Confederate uniform. Well, I was leaving soon, so I just didn't really care. I wanted to get back to Susannah and protect her any way that I could. Ooooh! He's a spy! (I'm just skipping a few battles that Lee was involved with, such as Winchester 2, Aldie, etc. They don't fit with my timeline, so let's pretend they had other troops there)[Chapter 10] I just realized that President McKinley's first name was also William and during this time in history he would have been about the same age as MY William McKinley. Just so you know- they are NOT the same person. Thanks! William POV The next day I took my leave from the Union camp just after noon, when it had cooled down a little. I had a day and a half until I was expected back with the Confederates. I figured that if I rode at a relaxed pace, then I would arrive on time. Seeing that I was in a Union occupied area, dressed in the enemy's clothing, General Grant gave me some civilian's clothes and a haversack to put my uniform in until I came close to my destination. When I got close enough to the camp that people might start to recognize me, I changed back into my uniform and rode in. I got off of my horse and waked him to the stable. He was a Morgan, the same breed ridden by General Sheridan from the Union and Stonewall Jackson, with a mid-brown colored coat. His name was Buck. I didn't name him, his previous owner did. My father bought Buck for me when I turned seventeen. I took off his saddle and the rest of his tack before brushing him. Buck was the one living creature I could talk to about my life, because he wouldn't relay the information. I'd always converse with him, however silly that sounds, while I brushed him out. He knew all of my secrets, from being a spy to my feelings for Susannah, as well as problems that had come up with my parents shortly before I set off to join the army. With my only confidant being a horse, sometimes I wish that I had not accepted General Grant's assignment for me to become a spy. As I settled Buck into his stable area this time, I was silent. I was nervous. I was nervous about the war, about being found out as a spy, about Susannah's safety, and about dying. If it came to it and I had to fight, I would first have to get to General Grant to fight with Union, and even then I wouldn't want to be caught in the crossfire. Logic told me that I've served my country by giving information, so I didn't have to serve it by giving up my life. But in giving that information, wasn't I sending thousands of men to die in battle? Didn't I owe them my life for condemning theirs? It was something that had haunted me during my journey back I knew that I saved many lives, civilians and soldiers alike, with my news about the attack on Gettysburg even before the fighting started, but I could already feel a pang of guilt. All of the men who would die on the battlefield would die because of what I did. They may have perished during the war anyways, but I couldn't help feeling that I would shorten their lives. All of the men dying in battle would be because of me; all of the bloodshed would be my fault. And if it turned out to be a Confederate victory, then I didn't know how I would be able to live with myself. I needed someone else to confide in than a horse. Susannah POV Someone had said they'd seen Major Davis return, so I went to the stables to find him. I saw him standing near his horse with an expression of horror on his otherwise handsome face. His brush stopped and tears began to flow silently from his eyes. He looked as though he was going to be sick. Buck nuzzled his face into William's neck and he snapped out of his sadness to smile at his horse and wipe away his tears. I wondered what he had cried about and tilted my head, and I looked at him with a puzzled expression. I stood in the middle of the road, about twenty feet off from the stables. He embraced his horse around its neck and his eyes peeked over from the other side of his horse. I froze. He saw me standing there, and quickly departed from his horse to see me. I figured that running off would be useless, as I would no doubt bump into him again. \"Susannah,\" he said, more worried and less angry than I had expected, \"what are you doing here?\" \"I-I'm sorry. I'll leave,\" I mumbled, my eyes falling to the ground next to his feet. \"No! Wait…\" he said, now sounding sadder than I had ever heard him. \"I won't tell anyone that you were crying, if that's what you want to talk to me about.\" He looked embarrassed that I had seen him in such a vulnerable moment, but in my eyes, it made him even more into the perfect man. \"It's a human thing, you know. Everyone cries, whether they'd like to admit it or not.\" He stepped closer to me so that we were but an arm's length apart. He was still silent, but his eyes seemed to bore into mine and I found it extremely hard to look away. His eyes were beautiful, even though they still held the memory of sadness and desperation. They were light blue around the pupil, fading into a deep, dark blue with flecks of green and grey running throughout. I marveled at how I had not noticed this before. I was asking myself this question when he looked away. About six seconds had gone by, but it seemed like an eternity. I had set out originally to ask him where he disappears to during his leaves, and I intended to find out.[Chapter 11] William POV \"Major Davis?\" I flinched when she said this, wishing she knew my real name, and that I could confide in her. But I could not, so I kept up my foolish ruse, \"Yes?\" She went on, \"If I may ask, to where do you go when you deliver letters for General Lee? Besides the camps? I've noticed that you take longer than you should, and yet you have the second fastest horse at this camp at your disposal. I… I've missed you….\" She admitted. What was this- my sweet Susannah missed me? Has she always cared for me? I was incredulous. I had just been searching for the right words to tell her I loved her but I thought that she could never love me, because I was supposed to be the enemy. I hoped that one day soon she could know who I truly was. \"William? Will you answer my question?\" Shoot. Now I had to think of a lie, and it was hard to keep lying to everyone, but once the war is over I can start telling the truth. I was comforted, however, that she called me William and therefore knew one true thing about me. \"I, um, after I deliver his messages, I visit my brother. He's nearby, and I stay with him,\" I said. It wasn't entirely a lie. My brother was in the Union army, and was with Grant's troops, so in a way I was telling the truth, just not the whole truth. \"Oh, I see. I didn't realize you had a brother.\" She said, but I could tell she doubted my answer. \"Why did you want to know?\" I asked, wondering as to how she felt. \"Just curious,\" replied Susannah mischievously and with a smile. I smiled too, barely remembering how horrible I had felt just moments before. Susannah POV He had told me he visited his brother, and while this seemed to be the truth and it made sense, I still felt as though there was something he wasn't telling me. It seemed as though there were some secret he was trying to protect. I pushed this thought away, not liking the feeling it gave me. I had to prepare to move- we were marching the next day. Nobody knew where we were going except for General Grant and a few trusted officers. I assumed that they were probably planning a sneak attack and didn't want any information leaked, but I didn't give it too much thought. Eliza and I were packing up books and things and putting them in a wagon in which we were to ride. The next morning at dawn, we set out towards the north. Eliza and I talked, but for some reason we could not think of anything to talk about after a while. \"Eliza,\" I said, \"I have something to tell you. It is about Major Davis.\" She looked at me quizzically, \"And what is that?\" \"I... learned he has a brother.\" I just couldn't bring myself to tell her the truth. \"Oh,\" she said, sounding disappointed, \"I see.\" We were silent for a moment when she looked at me seriously and said, \"Susannah, are you sure that's what you really wanted to tell me?\" She could see right through me- I felt like a glass bottle! \"Because I thought you were about to tell me that you loved him,\" she stated. I stared at her in shock, \"How did you know?\" I asked in a quiet whisper. Eliza let out a laugh, \"It's easy to see, every time he walks past, you either get this glazed look in your eyes, or you become nervous.\" I had not realized that he had such an affect over me. I buried my face in my hands, and looked at her. \"Is it really that easy to see?\" She nodded at me and I simply felt mortified. What if Major Davis knew? Would he look down upon me? Now I felt even more like a piece of glass, so fragile and clear. When we had been alone the other day and he had stared into my eyes, I noticed a conflicted expression dominating his face. What if he had been trying to tell me to stay away? I finally resorted to putting those thoughts out of my mind and study other people. I noticed that Eliza kept glancing at the same soldier over and over again, but I could not recognize him from the back of his head. After a few more hours of steady marching, we stopped to sleep for the night.[Chapter 12] So, I've done some MAJOR editing to this story and added in an entirely new scene/chapter and the implications of the added scene change some of the dialogue in the next chapter(s). This chapter (the added one) is my favorite because, well… it's good. William POV While we were on our way to Gettysburg- almost everyone had found out by now- I tried to distance myself from Susannah. As much as I felt I loved her, the right thing to do was to try and detach myself from her so that she would be safe. Everything changed now that danger was looming on the horizon. I avoided her and when we did come face to face I did nothing to encourage her even though all I could think about was how wonderful it had felt to carry her in my arms that night during the storm and how I longed for that closeness again. Every time I saw her, my heart ached and begged me to run to her and tell her everything, but in case I should die or have my cover blown, I did not want her to be in danger. One day, General Lee happened to send both of us off into the woods to search for anything- or anyone- that could either be of value to us or cause harm. It was that day I chose to take the final step with Susannah, and it was the hardest thing I had ever done. Susannah POV We walked alone together in silence while scouting the forest. We had been walking forward for an hour or so and I felt as though we were in the middle of nowhere because, well, we were. Major Davis had been staying away from me for the past few days and he seemed displeased to talk with me. I was desperate to know why the man I loved was trying to shun me from his company. We stopped momentarily in a clearing to rest. He sat down upon a log while I stood next to a large tree with leaves extending all around. It seemed the perfect time and place to ask him, so I did. \"Major Davis, forgive me for being so forward,\" I said, \"but are you avoiding me?\" He took a deep breath as though it pained him to talk to me. \"Yes, I have been avoiding you,\" he said coldly. If he had only looked at my face as I heard him speak, then maybe he would have known, maybe he would have seen how much his answer hurt me. \"Why?\" I whispered, defeated and with a breaking heart. \"Why?\" he repeated angrily, raising his voice and standing up, \"Because your beliefs about slavery are completely foolish, your intelligence is lacking in areas and your beauty,\" he paused and lowered his voice again, still speaking in a harsh tone, \"Well, your beauty is the one thing that I am unable criticize.\" The tears stung in my eyes and I struggled not to lose my composure. \"How could you say such things?\" I yelled incredulously. \"And to think that I thought I- Ugh!\" I looked away, unable to admit that I loved him after he had slandered me so. The tears started to flow freely from my eyes. He walked over to me and I raised my hand to push him away, but he just took hold of my arm and lowered it. He whispered in my ear, \"To think that you thought what, Susannah?\" His tone no longer seemed as angry and instead sounded gentler like his usual self. I turned my head so that I could look in his eyes and I noticed how close we were. I also realized that I no longer wanted to pull away. I glanced at his lips, so close to mine and his eyes, so full of fire and passion. \"That I thought…that I…\" I closed my eyes. I could feel his breath on my face grow closer and I could feel my toes raising me up slightly as our lips spanned the few inches and touched. We stayed that way for what seemed like forever until I rested my forehead against his and whispered, \"Loved you.\" He held me for a few minutes while the tears drained from my body before I summed up the courage to ask, \"Did you really mean what you just said?\" His eyebrows furrowed in concern that I had thought he spoke the truth, \"No, of course not. I only wanted to protect you. If I were to die…or…\" I put my finger to his lips and told him I understood. We agreed to talk no more on the subject and we didn't even bring up that he was a Confederate officer and I a Union woman- whose brother was a Colonel in the army, no less! I held William's hand as we walked back through the forest. Only when we could hear the men from the camp did I relinquish my hold. That night, Eliza was busy, as were the rest of the women, so I had our wagon all to myself to think in. I could not get the events of that day out of my head; mostly the kiss that I shared with William. It was not my first kiss, but it was the sweetest. My first had gone to Cabot, who kissed me just after he proposed. It was his last effort to get me to change my mind and accept him. It was, I felt, awkward seeing as he was my friend and as a child I would try to play and wrestle with him and my brother. I was tormented by the fact that the people who I loved were the very ones putting their lives on the line for what they believed in.[Chapter 13] Susannah POV I was unfortunate to have been separated from William for the rest of the journey although I thought about him constantly. I also didn't get to ride with Eliza for a few days after our talk and was unable to tell her of my new understanding with William. Instead, I was with Margaret Wolfe, the nurse, and she taught me how to make a few remedies for some common illnesses as well as how to prevent them. In the long run, they will no doubt come in handy, but at the time, they bored me to tears. We only made stops in the few towns still intact and sympathetic to the South. Most of the small cities were \"ravaged\" by those \"damned Yankees\" in the words of the Confederate soldiers. When we stopped, we would fill canteens, and scour around for any extra food. The men often came back with wild game they had just shot. While it was a way of survival when we were low on rations, I found it disgusting. I know that any meat I eat was once an animal, but it's different when you can see it being skinned in front of you. After another week or so, we arrived at our destination, although by then it had been figured out and passed on from man to man. We were near Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. It was June 30, 1863. Elise and I were sitting with Major General Henry Heth when his troops returned from looking for shoes, or at least that's what we had been told they were up to. Brigadier General J. Johnston Pettigrew stumbled his way towards us and spoke to Heth, \"Union cavalry is arriving from the south! They must have found out we were coming here!\" The Third Corps' Lt. Gen. A.P. Hill overheard and started to chuckle. \"Nonsense! I don't believe you, how could they have found out about this? If there are soldiers here, I doubt that they are a substantial federal force, they must have just been Pennsylvania militiamen.\" Heth agreed with Hill's statement, saying, \"There's no soldiers in these parts,\" but they still left us to inform General Lee. Eliza and I were very worried we'd be caught in the middle of an attack. We believed that the Union was on the way. We knew we would be the first suspected of being spies, as our loyalty to the Union is well known to all of the men. I did wonder who had leaked the information of our trip here. I figured that the Union commanders would have had to have known about this for around the same amount of time as it had been decided upon; otherwise they could not have possibly made it here in time. William POV General Lee and I were talking when Hill and Heth came into the tent, going on about how some of the troops believed that there were Union soldiers in the vicinity. They thought it nonsense. I, with my extensive knowledge of the Union plans, knew that they were, in fact, there and planned on defending themselves. General Lee ordered them to avoid an engagement with any troops until his army was more concentrated. Knowing Hill, he would probably disregard this order and Heth would no doubt follow along.[Chapter 14] William POV I had no idea that my prediction of Hill and Heth's actions would be so correct. Around 5:00 the next morning, two of Hill's brigades set off on an expedition to determine the size and strength of the enemy in their front and advanced on Gettysburg. I offered to go along, so that I could actually cross over to the Union side, but they didn't need me to come with, so I was forced to stay behind. I waited around until all of the sudden the men started shouting and getting ready for battle because an attack had been planned. At this point, my face drained off all color. I was in danger, but more importantly, Susannah was in danger. \"Susannah!\" I almost yelled once I could see her, \"Come here!\" I motioned for her, and she came running towards me with a worried look on her face. \"What is it? Shouldn't you b-\" \"No time for that. Come with me,\" I interrupted. We ducked behind tents and trees as I led her closer and closer to safety. \"William. What is going on?\" demanded Susannah. I couldn't tell her everything now. I just had to be sure she was safe. \"Where are we going?\" she asked again. \"I have to get you to the Union camp. You'll be safe there.\" She looked both shocked and horrified at what I had just said. \"But, what… what will happen to you? You can't leave me.\" We ran to an empty street nearby and crossed to the other side of the abandoned buildings. I stopped her, and gripped her arms while looking deeply into her eyes. \"I don't plan on it. Ever.\" She looked at me for a few seconds before nodding. Her eyes were full of tears, and I could tell she was trying to hold back her fear. My brave Susannah. We kept weaving through the landscape so we wouldn't be seen. We turned a corner, and we could see the campsite in the distance. I felt relief, but almost immediately it was replaced by a sickness. What if General Grant had already left? What if the men shot me before I had the chance to talk to him? We had to hurry. \"Run!\" I told her as she bolted off towards the camp. I ran after her, but unfortunately in my worry, I had not seen a stray tree root and I fell to the ground after tripping on it. That was the last thing that I remembered. Susannah POV I ran as fast as my legs could take me and I didn't look back. Once I had arrived at the edge of the encampment, I looked back to see that William was no where in sight. I frantically began to search for him, but before I was able to get anywhere, a woman gently took me by the shoulders and led me to a tent where I was given food and water. She introduced herself to me and I vaguely remember telling her my name, but I have no recollection of hers. In the distance I could hear gunshots and cannons and for the next three days I sat in the same chair, thinking of all that I had lost. When the battle had ended, I was firm in my want to find William even though the other woman said that the carnage on the battlefield would be too much for me to handle in my weakened state. A man in uniform with a tired face came into the tent and said, \"Miss Shaw? That is your name?\" I nodded. \"My name is General Ulysses S. Grant. Is there anything you need? Miss Anna here said that when she found you, you were searching for someone? May I help you find them?\" It occurred to me that I could use his help and that maybe he knew of Major Davis. \"Yes,\" I tested my voice, \"I am looking for a Major William Simon Davis of the Confederate army. He led me here from the Confederate lines three days ago, but he disappeared by the time I had run across that last field.\" The General seemed surprised. \"Did you say William Simon Davis? I have been wondering where he has been, myself.\" I found it strange that General Grant was also looking for William, but I decided not to hang on it and instead to find him- dead or alive. My whole being wanted him to be alive, but I knew there was a chance… I decided to scour the last field I had run through for any sign of him. From halfway across the field I could see the tree I had almost run into and next to it was a limp body. I ran there to find William unconscious. I tried to shake him awake, \"William! William! Wake up- it's me, Susannah! Wake up!\" The tears started to fall from my eyes and land on his face. I gently started to wipe them away from his face, admiring the handsome man who had risked his life for me to be safe when a weak moan escaped from his lips. I held my breath as his body slowly started to move and his eyes opened. \"Susannah? What happened? Why didn't you run to the Union camp?\" he asked. I flung my arms around him and explained, \"I did go to the camp. You were nowhere to be found- it has been three days! I've only just discovered you. General Grant said he wondered where you were.\" He stared at me, \"So you know?\" \"I know what?\" He shook his head, \"It's nothing. Well really it's everything, but I have to speak with General Grant. I'll tell you later. Right now, just help me get up.\" I did as he said and helped him walk to the camp where I left him with General Grant. I would wait patiently for him to tell me whatever it was. At the moment, I was simply overjoyed that he was alive.[Chapter 15] Susannah POV About an hour had passed since I had left Major Davis to talk with General Grant. I had not told him where to find me and just as I was about to go back to find him, he poked his head inside my tent. General Grant must have told him where to find me. \"Susannah? Would you mind walking with me?\" he asked. \"Of course,\" I said and we left. We walked for a few minutes until we sat under a tree near the edge of the encampment. I noticed that he was no longer wearing his grey Confederate suit, but was now dressed in the navy blue Union uniform. While he looked dashing in grey, the blue brought out his eyes and made him look much more handsome than before. I was, however, curious as to his change of clothing. Finally, I couldn't take it any longer and I had to ask him, \"What did you want to tell me?\" He took my hand, but couldn't look me in the eye. \"I know that this is going to sound crazy, but I'm not Major William Simon Davis. My real name is William Ethan McKinley. I am a Major in the Union army and I am from Massachusetts,\" he said. I was speechless. The man I thought I knew was someone wholly different. I pulled my hand away from his grasp. \"What do you mean? How…How can that be?\" He sighed, \"I am a spy under General Grant's direct order. It was because of me that we found out about Gettysburg in the first place.\" William was a spy. He had risked everything to help his country- and to help me. I was caught completely unaware by his confession and now I questioned everything about him. Which William had I fallen in love with? He waited patiently while I struggled to find what to say. \"I- who… Who are you?\" He tried to reach for my hand again, but I would not let him take it until I had some answers. \"Susannah, I am the same man that saved you after Chancellorsville, the same man that saved you during the storm, and the same man that you saw crying about sending all of the men who just died to their death.\" I hadn't realized that he had been emotional about the repercussions of sending information to the Union. Our fight made sense now. Everything made sense now and I realized that he was telling the truth. This time I tentatively took his hand and rested my head on his shoulder. Our backs were leaning on the tree. \"I believe you,\" I said, \"I just wish that you had told me earlier somehow. I wouldn't have said anything…\" He looked at me and said, \"Susannah, I wanted to. I almost did on so many different occasions. I just could not do it.\" He told me that he almost slipped up and told me his real name when he first met me. \"I had been on my way back from a meeting with my brother- another Union soldier- when I came across you.\" He rubbed the back of his neck and then scratched at the stubble on his face. \"I've actually wanted to tell you that… that I love you too. You said that you loved me and then, well, then we kissed, but I never told you.\" I was honored that he felt the need to tell me, but I already knew. \"I think,\" I said, \"that falling in love with you when there was something keeping us apart just proves that there is something between us.\" We smiled at each other and sat there a little longer until it started to grow dark. He had gotten permission from General Grant to leave indefinitely and all he had to do was contact him if he wanted to join back and be a spy or a consultant of sorts. I was much happier than I had been for a long time, and felt it was time I visited my parents. I also wanted to find out how Robert and Cabot were doing. William accompanied me to my childhood home. Once told of his story, my parents were very impressed with him. Even my sisters were jealous. Things seemed to be going well. Then, it happened. It was July 20th when a messenger came to our house and handed a letter to my father. He started to read it, and I saw him cry. I had never seen this from him before. My mother looked concerned, \"Francis, what is it?\" she asked. He looked up from the letter and spoke in a broken voice, \"Robert… is dead.\" Aww, sadness.[Chapter 16] Ok, so sorry for making Robert die and everything, but that's what happened, so I couldn't NOT do it, you know? Susannah POV No. It couldn't be. My brother could not be dead. I hadn't spoken to him for months, and I didn't know if he had known I was alive, because my parents had not. When I first showed up, they looked at me as though I was a ghost. I had always just assumed that Robert would make it out of the war. He could always find his way out of anything. He was my big brother; the only one who I felt ever truly cared for me in my immediate family. Poor Annie. My dear sister in law had only been married to Robert a short time, yet she loved him more than air. She had been hit especially hard by his death. She planned to move to Europe to live with her sister. They offered to bring his body to us, but my father said this, \"We would not have his body removed from where it lies surrounded by his brave and devoted soldiers...We can imagine no holier place than that in which he lies, among his brave and devoted followers, nor wish for him better company – what a body-guard he has!*\" I, myself, was devastated. Not only did my brother perish, but also Cabot. He had been my friend, and I would always love him, although not the same way as I loved William, who helped me through so much during this time. He understood my relationship with my brother and comforted me when I was sad. What I hadn't realized was that he was sad too, because while we were spending so much time with my family, his did not think he was alive. His brother knew the truth, but for William's safety as a spy, the rest of his family had been told he was killed. He decided to go and visit his family in two days time. I didn't know what I was going to do without him until my mother took me aside and basically forced me to go with him. She knew I loved him. My family hadn't grieved for a very long time; we knew that Robert wouldn't have wanted us to. After a few goodbyes to my family, I set off with him towards his home in a small wagon with a few horses. He lived in a small town twenty miles off from Boston. He seemed nervous to see his family. \"Is something wrong?\" I asked him. \"Well, my parents think that I've been dead for over a year and I had a… disagreement with them the day before I left for the army, so I'm not sure how they are going to react.\" I knew that they thought him to be dead and now I was curious to what they had fought about, so I asked him. He looked uncomfortable and slowly replied, \"My parents wanted me to marry. Particularly to a local girl named Emma Greene. Her mother and my mother were good friends. I did not fancy her and our parents were close to forcing us into marriage. As far as I know, she did not have feelings for me. I was eighteen and wanted to go off and grow up before I got married. I was so upset that I ran off and joined the army to be with my brother.\" It was clear as day that he felt odd telling me this, although I rejoiced in the fact that he joined the army, or else I would not have met him. After telling me his problems, we went for a while in general silence until one of the wheels from our wagon hit a bump causing me to fall into William's arms. The horses had stopped and I slowly looked up into his eyes as he looked at me. He leaned down and kissed my cheek softly. When I sat back up, I knew I was blushing. Only a few minutes later William slowed the horses to a stop in front of a huge house about ten miles outside of Boston. We had arrived at his home. William POV I stopped us in front of my home. My mother came out to see who we were, \"Excuse me, do you need anything?\" she asked. \"Mother. It's me.\" I said. Her face had new creases and she looked as though she had aged many years. I could not help but feeling that this was partly my fault. She squinted at me and examined my blue uniform until a look of realization came over her face. \"William? We thought you were dead.\" I embraced her and she started to cry. She led me inside to the parlor and called for my father. \"Andrew! Andrew! Come here!\" Susannah had followed us inside and stood quietly near the door. My father had been working, as always, and sounded annoyed, \"What is it Amelia?\" He walked in and saw me. \"Father,\" I said. He looked at me, \"William! What is the meaning of this? We thought you were dead! And who is this?\" he asked, pointing at Susannah. I answered all of their questions and explained to them that I had become a spy and had to tell them I was dead to protect myself. I told them how I had met Susannah and who she was. After chiding me on lying to them, they told how happy they were that I returned to tell them the truth. My mother and father seemed to like Susannah, which was a good thing in my opinion. It was a very good thing. Later, in the evening, my father had brought me aside and told me that Emma Greene was now Emma Stanley and lived in Philadelphia. \"William,\" he added, \"I'd like you to know that I never wanted you two to marry, and I'm glad you didn't, otherwise you would have never serviced your country in the way that you did. I'm proud of you.\" I was relieved at his statement, and felt good that Emma was no longer a problem. Susannah enjoyed seeing my home and the small town around it. I felt very attached to her and she grew more beautiful to me every day. Her laugh was the sweetest sound, and I loved how she wasn't afraid to speak her mind and participate in conversations with deeply rooted topics. She and my mother got along very well and enjoyed talking with each other. Every once in a while, Susannah would cry, thinking about her brother. My mother and I did the best we could to comfort her, and by the time September rolled around, she seldom cried. Even when she cried, she was still too wonderful to be real. *This was written from Frank Shaw, Robert's father, in a letter to Lincoln Stone, the regimental surgeon.[Chapter 17] WARNING: this chapter is quite mushy. I apologize in advance ;) William POV After a week or so with Susannah staying at my home, I found myself in the gardens during the early morning. I was pacing back and forth and talking to myself, glad that no one was around to hear, for they would have thought I'd gone mad. I had finally decided to ask Susannah to marry me. The only problem was that I had no idea what to say or do. I walked inside and knocked on the door to my father's study. He looked up as I walked in and asked me what he could do for me. I sat down and began to talk to him, \"I need your advice. You see, I am planning on asking Susannah something…\" He furrowed his brow, \"And the problem is?\" I looked at him seriously, \"I am going to ask her something important.\" Still he did not understand. \"I see. And that would be…?\" I shook my head and smiled at my father, the most unable man to catch a hint. \"Well, seeing as you are unable to decipher my meaning,\" I said, \"I was actually going to ask her if she would like to spend the rest of her life by my side.\" My father now understood what I had come to talk to him about. \"William, my boy! That is wonderful! What do you need from me?\" I sighed, \"That is why I am here. I am unsure of…\" My father and I then went into a conversation much too lengthy to relay in this story. Just as I was about to leave, my father caught my shoulder and asked me a simple question that completely slipped my mind: \"Have you got a ring?\" Susannah POV When I woke up, William's mother informed me that she had seen him go into his father's study an hour ago and had yet to emerge. I spent my time helping her with chores. When we finished, I went out to see the horses and brush their coats as they were in need of some attention. As I finished taking care of Buck, I heard footsteps coming towards me at a fast pace. I turned around and William grabbed me by the waist and kissed me firmly. I was rendered speechless by his simple action, but it would be impossible to say that I did not partially enjoy it. When we parted I stared at him in disbelief, \"I-I.\" I couldn't speak. He interrupted my sorry attempt at speech, \"Susannah, I have spent the last two hours with my father trying to figure out what to say, but it is as simple as this: I love you and I always will. Will you marry me?\" If I was unable to speak before, then now I was completely mute. A grin grew on my face and I sputtered out a \"Yes!\" He laughed and held me close, and he began to talk. \"Your father,\" he chuckled, \"your father took me aside before we left your home and talked with me. He said that when the time came, I already had his permission to marry you whether I were to ask you within the hour or in years. And, I almost forgot!\" he exclaimed, reaching his hand into his pocket and producing a ring. It consisted of a gold band and a diamond setting surrounded by small amethysts. \"This was my grandmother's wedding ring. I would love for it to be yours, too,\" he said, slipping the beautiful ring onto my finger. It fit just well and William complemented on how nicely it went with my complexion and could do nothing but whisper sweet things in my ear for the next few hours. I now had to write a letter to my family to notify them that we had a wedding to plan. I knew my sisters would be overjoyed to dress up and get excited for an event. On the thought of my sisters, I suddenly came to the attention that I had no idea of the fate of Eliza Miller! She was more of a sister in her actions towards me than any of my real sisters and therefore I wanted her at my wedding. I had to track her down.[Chapter 18] Here is a note to all of you readers who received notifications that a new chapter has been added: I have been doing some major editing and I recommend that you reread the whole story. If not that, then starting at CHAPTER 11 would be the next best thing as that is where the major changes start. Chapter 12 is an entirely new scene that I added in after some thought. Sorry and thanks for your understanding ~dress4m~ Susannah POV I searched everywhere for Eliza. Nobody in any town had heard of an Eliza Miller and she seemed to have disappeared completely. I longed for Eliza to be at my wedding and I had to tell her why I had disappeared so suddenly. I felt so guilty for leaving her behind when I could have insisted on dragging her with us. My thoughts were that she could still be with the Confederate army, but there was no chance that I would be able to go back and search for her there. It was not that I didn't want to go, but it was William restraining me from leaving. He would not hear of letting me go back without him, but he couldn't go because of his identity. Eventually, after nothing but failure, I gave up my search. Instead, I focused on being with my family, remembering Robert, and planning for my new life with William. Winter finally came and somewhere amidst the snow and slush, April began creeping up. When the day of the wedding arrived, we went to the church. Before the ceremony began, my father had said this to me, \"I am sad to see you leave so soon after being found again, but I could not let you to a man less worthy. After all he has done for you I know that you two will be very happy.\" My father's simple words almost brought me to tears. I could faintly hear music in the background and somehow my father must have led me up the aisle, because before I knew it I was staring into William's eyes and all of my nervousness had left me. I had his sole and undivided attention. Finally, we exchanged rings and he kissed me. It may not have been our first or second kiss (or even our third…), but it was as sweet and pure as any. During our walk down the aisle together, I hadn't been paying attention to where my feet were and I tripped, but he was there to catch me, as always, and nobody noticed me slip. XXX Two years later when the war ended, William and I found ourselves with a wonderfully mischievous little boy named Robert Forbes McKinley. He looked just like his father, with the exception of my brown eyes. William had been present when the General Lee had surrendered to General Grant at Appomattox Court House. William had become a trusted advisor once he had known how the Confederate army operated. I had not been there, but I had heard the story numerous times. He said that General Lee had found a few minutes before his departure to speak with him. \"Major Davis?\" he had asked. William responded, \"That would be McKinley, sir.\" The General shook his head, \"I should have known you were a spy. You were much too efficient to be a true officer. Your disappearing with Miss Shaw should have told me completely.\" William had then looked at him and said, \"Goodbye, sir. You truly were a great General,\" and then he left. We were shocked with the news of President Lincoln's assassination. We had met with him the week prior to his death when he had congratulated William for his bravery in crossing lines off of the battlefield. His was a tragic loss. After some time, William had decided to try and reconnect with his friend Major Joseph Thompson. Even though he had been fighting for the Confederacy, he did not agree with their views on slavery and the war because he had been drafted and could not get away from it. After some searching, it was discovered that he was living in West Virginia with his wife. William wrote to him and we were invited to come and visit. Upon our arrival, a surprise greeted us that we had not expected. It had been mentioned that Joseph had been married since last seeing Will, but it was to whom he was married to that was a surprise. His wife was Eliza! He had fallen in love with her after being wounded at Gettysburg. She had taken care of him and they married soon after. She told me that she had fallen in love with him long before the battle. I suddenly remembered her staring at one of the soldiers on the way to Gettysburg and after glancing at the back of Joseph's head, I knew that it had been him. I had been so wrapped up with my infatuation of \"Major Davis\" that I had not even noticed Eliza pining for someone herself! William and Joseph had enjoyed spending time together again and the Thompsons had decided to move to Massachusetts so that we would all be close and so that our children could play together. They had a daughter named Sarah who had inherited her mother's fiery red hair and father's feisty personality. Robert and Sarah had a sort of dislike at the beginning, but their similar personalities soon brought them together to play tricks on everyone. Eliza often fantasized that they would marry each other and while William disapproved of this idea, as he had been put through it, I could not help but think it possible. And now we go back to William. I had first met him as Major William Simon Davis, a very convincing name that went along with a man who could easily convince you that it was his name. He was the man that I had first fallen in love with, who I fought with in my brain, and yet admired in my heart. Becoming my savior once again by leading me to safety, he proved himself to be very much of the same man, now known as William Ethan McKinley- my husband. Ours was a storybook ending, left out of the story books. It will be lost to history, forgotten; our names never mentioned in history classes or written in textbooks. No trace of our tale can be found anywhere. But then again, maybe we wanted it that way… ","Summary":" When Robert's sister Susannah gets taken to a Confederate camp, she falls in love with an officer t"},{"Movie":"Glory","Title":"Glory of a Hero","Author":"Spanish Sunrise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5966067","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You will be the death of me. - Time is Running Out I leaned back in my chair, arms crossed, tapping my foot compulsively against the leg of my desk. Dying of boredom. Hardly alive. Zombie mode. My history book was open in front of me, a portrait of Robert G. Shaw staring back at me. It was only six minutes and one...two...three seconds into class and my overly enthusiastic APUSH teacher already had me frustrated to the point that made physical \"education\" seem appealing. It made me inwardly groan when I remembered that I still had an hour and twenty-three minutes left of slow torture. Kill me now, spare me this misery. I was doing some thinking (an action that occurs more often than people seem to think it does), as I watched my unappealingly flabby history teacher prance dramatically in front of the room, droning on and on about Robert Shaw. Oh, excuse me, Colonel Robert Shaw. Forgetting his rank is like blasphemy! What was I doing in an AP class anyway? I should be in study hall, sharpening pencils and practicing group dynamics with all the other burn-outs of tomorrow. What was I doing in this particular first period, besides catching up on sleep and slipping Muse-emanating earphones up my sleeve? Sing, Matthew Bellamy, sing! I rolled my eyes when my teacher started wielding a small American Flag in the air and shrunk lower in my seat. Peace, however, never lasts too long, and approximately thirty seconds later, my teacher declared war. The sharp call of my name brought me out of my thoughts. \"Alexandra Janeiro!\" Mrs. Pearl barked. Yeah, her name? So menopause. I sat up straight and looked over my history book. \"Yeah?\" I called to her from the back of the room, where all the bad kids sit. \"I go by Alex .\" I hated Alexandra, to me it sounded so vulgar because I was named after Alexander the Great, go figure. About whom, I might add, no acceptable movie was yet made. The latest one was just about how gay he was. \"Eighteen your old young ladies are old enough to not fall asleep in class, especially young ladies that supposedly care about their grades.\" She smirked like she was just oh-so-clever, and my nerdy classmates snickered around me. I plastered a smile on my face, hoping desperately that I wasn't grimacing. After all, she who angers you, conquers you, eh? \"With all due respect, ma'am, this particular young lady was paying attention.\" I protested. She glared at me. \"Oh?\" She smiled, like a cat at a canary. \"Then you wouldn't mind answering a question.\" That's the zinger moment. Every teenager experienced one of these. It's when you have no idea what the teacher was muttering on about and they call you out of thirty-something other kids to answer their pointless questions. \"Sure.\" I mumbled, bravado gone. \"When was this brave soldier, Colonel Robert Gould Shaw, may he rest in peace, killed?\" She asked, her lips poised in a stony smirk. Really, rest in peace? The Sign of the Cross would be a nice touch, Pearl. I smiled at her, but inside I was panicking. Desperately I widened my eyes, thinking I would see more with them, and searched my history book. My mind was roaring. Quickly! Quickly! \"Well?\" The teacher pressed again, folding her arms over her saggy chest. \"We're waiting.\" She sang. Cool it, Pearlie. More snickers from my classmates. After two more seconds of scanning, my eyes landed on a tiny phrase under his picture. Date of Birth: October 10, 1837 and right next to it, his date of death. Those who seek shall find. \"July 18, 1863.\" I replied, triumphantly but just as coyly as she had. She narrowed her eyes for a brief second. \"And how long had this extraordinary young man lived?\" She asked huskily. Creepy. I glanced down at his picture. She was clearly in love with him. Quickly I did the math in my head. \"He was 25 years old.\" For a reason I can't understand, I almost choked on my saliva when I realized what I had just said. I could care less about this guy, but it kind of shocked me that he had died so very young. Satan's Mistress nodded, assigned me extra homework on my 'buddy' Bob Shaw, before going off to condemn another innocent soul. I muttered words under my breath as I crumpled the sheet of homework she gave me. I was bound to develop anger issues, sitting in her class. Whatever, I argued. It wasn't my fault that I didn't know his death date, not every one of us can be Civil War geniuses, you know? Frankly, I don't give the slightest care about the guy. He led the 54th regiment, wow, so what? That's about as important as Sarah Palin's political opinions. Why does this woman ask me historical questions all the time ? She must think I TiVo the History Channel every night, just because my dad is a history dean at Harvard. What's a regiment, anyway? I pushed the stupid thoughts out of my mind and stared up at the black board. So Old School, MC Hammer would love it. But wait a second, was it just my imagination, or did it begin swirling? The room was spinning around me and everything went black. Have you ever gotten out of bed and felt a rush in your head and your vision darken and swirl? Yeah, I thought it was one of those, but ten seconds later I opened my eyes only to find myself standing. The scary part was that my skinny jeans, black Converse high-tops, and Vans t-shirt had all been replaced with a soft pink, lacy dress, and a tight whalebone body-cage in which I could barely breathe in. But another frightening part was that I heard music playing around me, a blend of violins and violas, maybe Mozart, and I knew thatI was definitely not in Kansas anymore. I couldn't believe it; I was in the middle of a large, fancy, old-fashioned room with thick Persian carpets and plaster-carved walls. Ladies in fancy, lacy dresses swirled around me, fluttering their delicate fans at gentlemen in starched uniforms. For a moment I thought I was interrupting a History Channel movie shoot, and that some Spielberg wannabe would come out and yell at me for ruining their shot. But there were no cameras, and no microphones. Why would there be? Where was that stupid blackboard and my Go Girl-drinking history teacher? My head was hurting, and I pulled the hair on my scalp. Oh...my...Lord. I felt panicked and weak in the knees. I was wobbling, and almost collapsed into my own poofy skirts when a convenient arm swerved around my waist and pulled me up, leading me to a window in the corner of the room, giving me a view of the \"driveway\" of this large estate. \"Welcome to the Civil War, kid.\" A boy's voice laughed at me. It's easier to allow yourself to be angry then scared, so I straightened up and glared into his face, but he only grinned back at me. He was young, maybe just a year older than I was, nineteenish, dressed in the same gentlemanly outfit as the other men, and the same style of shiny black shoes. He wasn't very tall. \"Who are you?\" I demanded, grasping him by the brown-silk lapels of his jacket. \"And where is my history book? My school makes us pay for those if we lose them.\" The boy smiled tightly into my face, unhooking my fingers from his vintage Hugo Boss. \"My name is Marty, and you are standing in the sitting room of the Shaw residence in Boston, Massachusetts. The year is 1861, the sky is blue, the weather is 82 degrees-\" He was mocking me, and I cut him off. I was always being mocked, and if what he said was true, (\"very likely\") then I don't have to take this if I wasn't even born yet. \"Why am I here? How did I get here? I don't want to be here!\" I whined at him. I must have sounded quiet annoying since he grimaced. Not that I care. \"I'm part of a secret organization, Flux Capacitor Inc. It's named after this catchy piece of machinery which is what makes time travel possible.\" I tried to stop him but he carried on without a pause. \"I'm what you would call a rookie, and I chose you to be the lucky first person under my supervision to go back in time. I picked this particular moment in history because I noticed that you didn't exactly 'leap for joy' when your nice teacher announced that you would be studying about the future colonel, Robert Shaw.\" He smiled again, but I blinked hard. \" What ? Are you listening to yourself?\" I asked flatly. \"If time travel was possible, Einstein would've invented it.\" He smiled. Why did he smile so much? \"He influenced a friend of mine, actually.\" Is this guy for real? \"Get me out of here.\" I whispered through clenched teeth. \"Sorry, no can do, not until you proved yourself worthy of it.\" He replied as simply as if we were discussing the 82 degree weather outside. \" Why!? \" I muttered loudly enough for a few nearby ladies to turn around and flutter their annoying fans at me in shock. Marty smiled nervously at them and grabbed my hand, leading me further away from the. When we were out of their earshot, he released me. \"I'll help you.\" He persuaded. I wanted to kick him. \" How? \" \"I'll tell you everything you need to know.\" He responded, pulling a sleek communicator resembling an iPhone out of his pocket and handing it to me. \"You'll be able to contact me with this; just don't use it in public.\" I snorted. I was not going to resort to this so easily. \"Right.\" He was smiling as he calmly slipped the Communicator into some invisible pocket in the many ruffles of my pink skirt. \"Speaking of Robert Shaw,\" He said, glancing down at his pocket watch. \"We weren't speaking of him…\" \"He should be appearing any moment now.\" He stood on his toes and looked over my shoulder. Like I said, he wasn't very tall. \"Why are all these people here?\" I asked. \"His parents are throwing a party for him, for coming home safely.\" His eyes followed a young lady who walked past us. I snapped him back to attention. He can flirt later. \"Poor guy, so many very eligible bachelorettes are here, and he doesn't know any of 'em.\" Suddenly all conversation was hushed and replaced by a steady applause and flirtatious giggles from the young women. I stood on my tippy toes to see over the heads of people across the room. Their stood a hesitant looking young man, dressed in a Union officer's suit, his brown hair visible under his matching cap, smiling nervously around the room. He was young, and attractive, something about his eyes captivated me. Marty chuckled his annoying laugh behind me. I snapped my head at him. \"What?\" I demanded. He smiled. \"Don't get too involved. You're not going to be here forever,\" He later added, his voice full of pity,\" and neither is he.\" I frowned. \"Who is he?\" \"Your favorite Colonel Robert Gould Shaw.\" He replied with a small smirk. I stared back at the young man, who loosened up a little and was shaking the men's hands, who were slapping him on the back and congratulating him. \"Why is everyone so excited?\" I asked. \"He was just promoted to colonel of the future 54th regiment.\" He explained. \"He looks too young for a colonel.\" I said. \"He is.\" Marty told me. \"He's 23.\" My breath caught in my throat. \"But that means he only has two years to live!\" I gasped. Marty nodded solemnly. \"Of all the stupid things you will do, make sure you don't tell him that.\" I chose to ignore that because fuming took up too much energy when wearing a corset. Robert was getting closer to us; clearly his destination was the exit. \"The book's portrait doesn't do him justice.\" I mused at Marty. Robert was much, much more attractive. I mean, he was tolerable. Marty ignored my comment. \"You're to report at the sign-up for his regiment tomorrow morning at ten.\" I blinked. \"Question Mark.\" \"You're joining the army.\" He said cheerfully. \"I'm fighting?\" He looked a little disgusted. \"No, no. Who'd give you a gun? No, you get to follow him around with something resembling a clipboard and run errands for the guy.\" He explained. How typically sexist – making me a secretary. \"Yippee.\" I muttered sarcastically. \"If I do this, when can I go home.\" \"We'll see.\" Robert was a few feet away from us now. Moving past the next gentlemen, he shook hands with Marty, and nodded at me, before trying to avoid the gushing, flirtatious, desperate fan girls, and briskly walked outside. Behind me, Marty sighed. \"Congrats, Alex.\" He said. \"You just shook hands with a legend.\" \"That was about the corniest thing you could have said just now…\" I turned back but he had vanished. And just like that, I was alone again. But for some odd reason, I did not feel lonely. And I was still unsure of why I was taking serious news so easily, for only ten minutes ago, I found out that time travel… …was possible.[Chapter 2] Maybe it is all a test, cause I feel like I'm the worst so I always act like I'm the best. - Oh No! I needed time alone, to soak in what has happened to me in the past thirty minutes, so I stepped outside. I closed my eyes and leaned against a white picket fence. I raked a hand through the updo my hair was in and was glad that the fresh Vctorian breeze was there to steady the overwhelming sense of nausea. The fog was just beginning to clear out of my head when I felt a disturbance in the force. The gravel walkway crunched behind me and I spun around. Robert was standing right behind me. I gasped, and stumbled backwards against the fence. Evidently I was staring at him like he was an extraterrestrial being, since he looked back at me with a frown therapists reserve for lost causes. \"I apologize, miss, I didn't mean to startle you.\" He held up his hands and it was obvious that I was not the only one startled. \"Oh, it's alright.\" I stuttered, trying to ignore that very boyish cuteness about him by preoccuping myself with the beaded stitching on my pink sleeve. \"The noise was bothering you.\" He smiled slightly, like he was afraid to. I smiled back.\"Yes.\" He nodded.\"Me too.\" He sighed. It was an awkward silence that I tried to break. Not the brightest idea for two people that are both socially inept, apparently. \"Congratulations on your colonel...thing.\" I. Am. An. Idiot. He raised his eyebrows.\"I'm not sure I deserve it.\" \" I think you do.\" Wait a minute, would that comment be classified as flirtation? He smiled shyly down at me. \"Future colonol, Robert Gould Shaw, at your service, miss.\" He introduced himself in that soft voice of his, and offered me a mock salute. It seemed to me like it was the most personality he showed all day. He gave a gallant, courtly little bow. \"And you are?\" \"There you are, Robert!\" A slightly slurred voice boomed behind us. I knew that dude. He was that same guy who seemed so fixated on the - possibly spiked - punch bar. And when I took in that smirking face and wine-bottle-armed hand my suspicions were confirmed. He stopped shortly, pretending he just noticed me. \"And hello to you .\" He winked. I wrinkled my forehead. A playa in the eighteen hundreds? Oh please.\"Hi.\" He cocked an eyebrow at my response, but said nothing more of it.\"What's a lovely young lady such as yourself doing at this hermit's house?\" He slapped Robert playfully on the back, Robert smiled tightly at him. He did a fantastical sweep of his arm and bowed low, like I was a queen and he a male courtesan. Oddly, I found myself wanting to cry at what he said. I wouldn't be at said hermit's house if I had only paid attention in history. A plague upon your house, Marty. Just then the phone vibrated under one of my many ridiculously lacy skirts. I smiled sheepishly at them, they were obviously surprised to where the barely audible sound came from. I excused my self and went back inside, ducking into the Shaw's enormous, deserted library and answering it. The phone crackled a little, but then I could here Marty's voice loud and clear. Wow , the 1800's have great reception. ATnT could learn a thing or two. \"Well don't just stand there!\" He barked.\"Get moving!\" \"You forgot me!\" I argued. \"No I didn't, I called, didn't I?\" I imagined him shaking his head at that, the way small children do, and crossing his arms condenscendingly. \"The whole plague thing, quite rude.\" \"You can read my mind?\" I asked in disbelief. \"Um, no, just your facial expression, like every normal human being.\" He explained. \"Marty, you are the furthest thing from normal.\" I replied, wondering if perhaps I muttered that curse out loud, maybe that' why Forbes and Robert were looking at me so oddly. The Communicator's buzz was way too quiet. I heard an annoyed sigh on the other end. \"Go find him, he should be in the parlor, discussing regiment details with Forbes, his parents, and the governor. Go mingle. Ciao!\" I stopped him from hanging up. \"What am I supposed to say!\" I demanded. \"Are they back inside already?\" \"You are so helpless.\" He muttered.\"His mom is going to say how much he'll need assistance and organization , and you pop in and say that you're just the man for the job. Understood?\" I nodded, even though I was sure he couldn't see me. \"Good girl.\" He said.\"G'bye.\" I heard a click and he was gone. Buttface. I stepped out of the library, walking as best as I could in that torture device known as a 'corset.' Okay, it wasn't that bad, but still. I walked down the hall and back into the ballroom. I tried to get through the still-giggling ladies, some still gushing about Robert. Seriously? The length of their attention span was enviable. \"That Robert is so dashing.\" I heard a woman whisper that looked old enough to be his mother. \"He is so stunningly handsome.\" A chubby, Mrs. Shaw-wannabe girl added. The third, who was wearing so much face powder it looked painful, giggled in agreement. I rolled my eyes and elbowed my way past them. I didn't have time for this. Not that I cared or anything. After much difficulty, I found the parlor thanks be to some girl in a starched uniform. It wasn't only just Forbes, Robert, the Shaw's and his governorship that gathered, there were several other men and women gathered around a small circle of no-joke V.I.P's. Forbes was winking at several woman - how improper, they murmured, pretending to be insulted- while Robert just nodded nervously, chewing his bottom lip so hard I worried he might eat it. \"Robert,\" I heard a woman who (according to all the common sense vested in me) must have been his mother.\"Darling, I insist that you find someone to help you, Dear.\" \"Mother, I will be fine.\" He assured her quietly, firmly and respectfully. \" Tosh darling, you'd loose your head if it wasn't attached to your body.\" She joined Mr. Shaw, the Governor, and Forbes in a hearty laugh. Robert blushed an ducked his head slightly. \" Mother ...\" He hissed, eyes darting. \"Yes Robert, I agree with your mother, it would be best if you had someone to prepare you clothes, bring you your food, polish your affects...a fine colonel, such as yourself, won't have time to do those little things, you will be too busy overseeing the training of the new recruits.\" The governor, a kindly-faced man, waved his arm slightly like he was on a podium giving a speech. A creature of habit, most likely. Robert nodded reluctantly. \"Then it's settled.\" Another man who posessed an older resemblance to the new colonel rubbed his hands as if he'd been doing some heavy-duty John Deer work.\"Robert and I should begin searching.\" \"He'd prefer a woman.\" Forbes intervened, he meant it as a joke but I took it seriously. \"Excuse me, I mean, pardon me, I mean please excuse my eavesdropping...\" Aaargh. I'm just dripping with suave-ness at the moment. \"...but I couldn't help but over hear that you were looking for an assistant?\" I tried my best to sound formal and fancy, much good it was doing. \"Why, yes my dear, did you have someone in mind?\" Robert's father smiled kindly at me, Robert gazed at me curiously, while Forbes shot me another scandalous wink. \"Actually...well...it's me.\" I nervously twisted the lace on one of my sleeves. \"She's lovely, she'll do just fine.\" Forbes' voice cut through the silence like scissors.. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Robert actually step on Forbes' foot, and watched him wince. The governor ignored him. \"You?\" He blinked at me.\"My dear, what would become of you on a battlefield? You would faint. I am not convinced that this sort of ordeal is suitable for an unmarried young lady. What would your parents think?\" \"I may look frail, but I am strong, and I promise I don't ever scream.\" I held up my hand as if giving an oath. \"And as for parents, I have none. They...uh...died of the influenza.\" Somehow \"they weren't even concieved yet\" did not seem like the best idea to say. Everyone in our immediate circle simultaneously adjusted their expressions to look like ones of sympathy. I, however, was still smarting at their tragically mislead opinions that being a woman I must be weak. Biggotry. Robert's mother spoke up first, the only face betraying true emotions. Doubt. \"I worry about such an arrangement. Mr. Shaw, what do you think?\" She turned to to her husband who was watching me intently. \"I can do many necessary things,\" I added quickly,\"and I'm not afraid of war or blood.\" Mr. Shaw smiled fondly at me. \"You make a fine arguement.\"[Chapter 3] Peacock strut. Collar up. Watch him while he fills his cup. Sultry glare. Piercing stare. Practiced in the mirror. Are you feeling the love in the room? - God's Gift to Women Later that evening, as the party was drawing to a close, I found myself awkwardly standing alone in the corner. Nothing out of the ordinary. My mind kept telling me to 'go mingle', like Marty said, but I felt shy and embarrassed. It felt so surreal, watching these women as young as I was dance around the room so gracefully. I wondered how they did it. In those unbearible corsets and those idiotic metal skirt-poofing...things. I refused to move, afraid that if I did, I would trip over my skirt and fall flat on my face. Optimism. It's a motivating thing. It was safe here, and I staked a claim in this spot that would unlikely be surrendered anytime soon. A few men approached me once in a while, asking me if I was alight or if I would like to dance, but I must have scared them off with my 'bad grammer' AKA modern way of speaking. Frankly, I was sort of glad that they left me alone, though a little surprised at how no one seemed to question my invitation. I wondered vaguely what sort of cross-dimensional strings Marty had to pull to get me here. Movement in the wide doorway caught my attention. It was Robert and Forbes. I'll just call him Forbes, it sounds waaay better than Cabot. (Yes, that is a name, I know right?) They we both talking to a group of ladies. Forbes looking confident and flirtatious, and Robert looking as if he'd rather be back at Antietam. I was slowly losing interest when suddenly, Robert took one of the women's hands and kissed it gently. I wondered why it left me feeling so bothered, but I left it alone, mocking the young woman's responsive giggle childishly in my head. Forbes looked up and caught my eye, slightly smirking. I snapped my head away from them so fast I cracked my neck. I was rubbing it when I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around. Forbes, showing off his materializing skills. His smirk was mocking, almost immature even. He bowed in exaggeration. \"May I have this dance?\" He asked, grinning now. \"No.\" I replied quickly. Forbes laughed. \"I insist .\" What was I supposed to do now? How can I tell him I don't dance? Don't people look down on you in the 1800's if you don't waltz? I prayed for something to stop him as he pulled me out onto the dance floor. Maybe I could force a few tears out. \"You looked like you could use a little dancing.\" His eyes were laughing at me. He obviously understood that I was staring at his best friend. He was spinning me around on the dance floor as I blushed deeply, trying not to step on his foot. I did, a couple of times, and he winced, but still managed to tease me through his pain. \"Sorry.\" I mumbled. \"So what was it that interested you most, Miss Janiero? I doubt that it was his uniform that attracted your gaze to him.\" He chuckled softly. I looked at him sharply. \"How did you know my name?\" He frowned in geniune surprise. \"That is your name, isn't it. Some fellow named McFly was speaking about you earlier today.\" \"Marty.\" I sighed. Forbes continued. \"Your reply is tardy.\" \"Sir, you are so improper.\" I growled.\"I have no idea of what you are speaking of. I was surprised when he dropped the subject, hoping that it didn't have anything to do with that small, subtle stomp of my foot against his. Mistakes happened. \"Call me Forbes.\" He said, voice hoarse. \"Than you must call me Alex.\" I stepped on his foot,accident, really. He recovered enough to laugh, or maybe his foot went numb and he couldn't feel it. \"You must have went to the finest dancing school in Boston.\" He grinned. I felt his prescense easing its way into my countenance, relaxing me slowly.\"You have no idea.\" There was a tap on Forbes's shoulder, and he released me. Behind him was Robert's mother, a small woman with the same chocolate hair and thoughtful brown eyes as her son's. Forbes raised his eyebrows, and his cocky smirk disappeared. It became a respectful, unemotional smile.\"Mrs. Shaw.\" He greeted with a nod. \"Cabot dear, you wouldn't mind if I stole Miss Janiero away for a spell?\" She asked. Forbes cringed slightly at the mention of his first name, but bowed nonetheless and walked off, probably on a mission to make another young lady blush. I watched his retreating back and smiled at it, something told me that he would make a great ally, and a good person despite his cocky demeanor. I turned my attention to Robert's mother. \"How can I help you, Mrs. Shaw?\" She frowned slightly, then smiled.\"Oh, none of that my dear, please, Sarah would do just nicely.\" I smiled back at her,\"Then I am Alex...andra.\" It was one thing to say Alex to someone in your generation - sort of - but to her it might seem like a man's name. She nodded and took my arm, leading me away from the crowd and outside on the patio.\"I wish you to stay the night with us.\" She began quickly, like she was afraid I was going to argue with her. \"We have more than enough rooms in this house, and since Robert leaves in the morning, I thought that you should be ready too, just as Forbes and Thomas. Would you care to consider the invitation?\" She asked. Naturally, I jumped to it. Where else would I go? Marty was too much of a rookie and didn't even bother to consider that detail.\"Yes.\" I replied quickly, hoping that I didn't sound to eager.\"Thank you.\" Her slightly wrinkled face lit up with a beautiful smile.\"I'm so glad you could join us!\" She exclaimed excitedly. \"I will have one of our servants prepare you clothes, a room, and a bath immediately. This is so exciting!\" I had to restrain myself from bear-hugging someone else's mother. Later that evening, when all of the guests, save for Forbes, had left, I was shown to my room on the second floor by Robert's lively, and friendly sister Susannah.\"I''m so glad that you could come, even if it is for one night. It is such a pleasure to meet you, and the many people that had come to the party, it can be such a bore to be around my other siblings. Excuse my chatter, I am simply overjoyed to have someone new here.\" I smiled at her as she continued to 'chatter' enthusiastically all the way up the stairs. She led me into a room with royal blue curtains, a dark, hard wood floor, and a white carpet under the large, canopy bed. \"This is your room, I apologize that it is not so grand.\" She was actually serious. I looked at her like she was crazy. \"It is more than tolerable.\" I said finely, raising my chin a little to make it look like I was used to sleeping in bedhalls originally designed for Marie Antoinette. \"Good!\" She smiled. \"If you get thirsty at night, I had Mary - she's the maid, I saw you speaking to her earlier today - bring up a tea set in the hallway, we always leave it there. Atleast one of us always awakens, ever since we were small children.\" Her laughter chimed in the empty room.\"Good night, Alexandra.\" \"Please call me Alex.\" She looked at me with so much warmth that I felt like a long-lost friend.\"I will.\" \"Thank you, Susannah, and good night.\" I smiled at her, and with one last grin, she stepped out of the guest room and shut the door. I opened my eyes and yawned. It was still dark and I could see the moonlight cutting through the window and onto the wooden floor, giving it a slight blue, periwinkle tint. I yawned again, my throat felt super dry. I pulled out the sleek communicator that Marty had given me from under my pillow and checked the time. It was exactly 1:00 am. I hauled my lazy self out of bed, and stumbled in the darkness looking for the long, white silk and lace dressing robe that Susannah had lent me. Tying it at the waist, I reached for the door and stepped out into the cool, dark hallway. I followed the light of a burning oil lamp at the end of the corridor, where I suspected the promised tea set would be. I reached the end, a small balcony by the stairs overlooking the first floor, that held a small round table with a water pitcher, and tea cups. They were so cute. I poured some water into a tea cup-as odd as it sounds-and drank it down. The cold water felt good against my burning throat, it was a blissful releif. When I was done, I set the tea cup upside down on the tea...plate?...and smiled. I was reminded of a movie that I had scene with my friends in theaters not too long ago. Alice in Wonderland. I laughed. Glancing at the tea cup I was reminded of the Mad Hatter, Johnny Depp, and I laughed even harder. I quieted down a bit. \"Welcome to the tea party. Want to be my V.I.P? Didn't RSVP, it' okay it's okay!\" I sang, but stopped short whn I heard footsteps on the stairst behind me. I spun around with a gasp, paled, and then immediatly reddened. Robert was climbing back up the stairs in his striped pj's, under a royal blue robe. His hair was ruffled, and his eyes were tired. \"Miss Janiero?\" He whispered.\"Are you alright?\" He squinted at me strangely. Like an idiot I widened my eyes and reddened. \"Fine.\" \"Right.\" He muttered under his breath, walking away from her down the hallway to his room. He opened the door, and out of courtesy turned around and looked back at her. She was not a particularily head-turning girl, but something about her countenance one could register her as appealing. Right now, however, her eyes were shaped like blue saucers and her mouth was posed in a perfect 'O'. \"Goodnight.\" He whispered, returning. \"Night.\" She squeaked. 'What a strange girl.' He thought drowsily, too tired to think of the impropriety of encountering each other in their pajamas. He closed the door of his room behind himself.[Chapter 4] Walked into the room you know you made my eyes burn. - Blue Jeans I opened my eyes. The shades were drawn, and it was dark in my room. It must have already been late morning, if I had my way, I would never roll out of bed before noon. My head pounded and I shut my eyes, ignoring the gentle shaking of my mother next to me. \"Alex.\" She whispered. \"Five more minutes, Mom.\" I moaned, covering my face with a fluffy pillow. \"You will be late; I was sent to wake you.\" She replied. Why was she talking like that? \"I had a bad dream.\" I told her, my voice slightly muffled by the pillow. It smelled weird. \"I dreamed I was in a ball room, surrounded by Civil War soldiers, and I was wearing a...a… corset . I guess that's what you get for waking up in Vegas.\" I chuckled at my own joke. I'm just so funny. \"Vegas?\" She repeated. \"Alex what are you speaking of? Are you alright? It's quite normal to where a corset, you know.\" I opened my eyes and tried to look at her, but all I could see was her silhouette. Still half asleep I managed to smirk at her, \"Right.\" \"Well, your nightmare is over now.\" She said dismissively, managing to sound cheerful at the same time. \"You are safe and sound in the Shaw Residence of 1861 Boston, Massachusetts.\" That made me sit up in bed so fast I hit my head against the bed post, don't ask how, it's a secret known only to the village idiots. I fell out of bed and ran to the nearest window, yanking the heavy drapes to the side. Bright, early morning light streamed into the window, and I shrunk away from it, like Dracula. Everything… everything …felt new and different, and yet, like I've seen it all before. I looked down at myself. First of all, what on earth was I wearing? And second, when I turned to look at my 'mother' I found Susannah smiling back at me, her thick, blonde hair in a pleated braid and a perplexed look in her eyes. Then I remembered. We're definitely not in Kansas anymore. Susannah stood up and grabbed my shoulders, firmly. \"Alexandra, are you or are you not in health?\" She asked. \"I'm okay.\" I mumbled. She arched an eyebrow. I had slipped again. I wasn't sure she knew what that meant.\"An Italian term I presume? I take it that you are.\" I fought a smile. I lost. She grinned back gleefully and produced something from behind her back. It was a uniform. Sort of. \"I apologize for forcing you to wear trousers,\" she said, \"but I thought since you were in Robert's regiment now, it would be easier for you to walk in trousers rather than a gown.\" She flashed me a dimpled, apology. \"You thought right.\" She looked relieved. \"I will step out into the hall while you become decent.\" I unwrapped the package after she left. I produced a pair of black pants; they were tight and had the same denim-y material as jeans did. On the back pocket a piece of leather was stitched on with an imprint of \"Levi Strauss and Co.\" I smiled, at least something was familiar. There was also a white T-shirt. I frowned, too futuristic, and a navy blue coat, with silver buttons. But the best part was the navy blue kepi with crossed rifles on the front and a black bill. It was so cool. I wondered if I could bring it with me to the future as I put it on, delicately as if it may shatter or melt away. Suddenly the Communicator buzzed. \"Yellow?\" I said. \"How's it going?\" Said Marty's voice from the other end of the line, coming in loud and clear. \"Did you like the outfit I picked out for you?\" he asked. \"What are you talking about? Susannah...\" He cut me off. \"Where the hell would Susannah get a pair of jeans in the 1860's? The first pair of Levi's was invented on May 20, 1873, or was it the company? Can't remember. Anyway, and do you really think that t-shirts are available in your point of history? Especially figure-hugging one's for chicks? They weren't available in the 80's let alone now! Believe me I should know.\" He explained. I rolled my eyes, it sounded like he was chewing gum or something. \"But she brought them.\" \"She thinks she did.\" \"Whatever.\" I muttered. This was too complicated to make sense. \"What about shoes?\" I asked. \"Your Converse will do just fine, shouldn't stick out so much.\" He replied simply. \"Are you crazy?\" I gasped. \"Of course they'll 'stick out'.\" \"Yeah but they won't say anything because they're all too polite\" He replied. \"Forbes will.\" I shot back. I could feel him shrugging on the other end. \"Whatever. He's an exception. We've got limited funds.\" I changed the subject. \"I woke up not knowing I was still in a different time era.\" I sighed. \"I know how that feels, I did that a few times before.\" He replied. \"How did you get me back in time?\" I asked him. \"Something that has to do with light and radiation. Doc's people did it. The DeLorean was overrated.\" He laughed quietly to himself, like he was thinking about a fond memory. I rolled my eyes. \"Oh you're funny.\" \"Listen, got to go, over.\" He clicked the phone off and the line died in my arms. Susannah knocked on my door and I tucked the Communicator into my jacket pocket. \"Are you ready?\" She called in. \"Yes!\" I backed out. Stepping out of the room she led me downstairs and into the dining room where the Shaws, along with Forbes, were having breakfast. I chose a seat at the long rectangular table between Forbes and Susannah, with Robert across from me, his eyes rising at me. Sarah Shaw was at one end of the table, and Robert's father, Francis Shaw was seated on the other end. Robert's other sisters, Josephine, Anna, and Ellen were seated in a neat row two on Robert's left, and one on his right. It was pretty awkward, being late for breakfast, especially with my futuristic guy-ish get-up, I looked like a complete nut job. Sarah Shaw rose from her seat. \"Alexandra, Susannah!\" She exclaimed, \"good morning my dears.\" I smiled and thanked her, sitting down next to Forbes. He leaned into me. \"You look very splendid and feminine this morning.\" He smirked. \"So do you.\" I shot back, in a violent little whisper. He choked back a laugh, and snorted through his nose. Robert frowned, unaware of what we were going on about. \"Good morning, Miss Janeiro.\" He said. \"Alex.\" I corrected him, pleasantly. \" Miss Janeiro .\" He replied firmly. I raised an eyebrow but said nothing. What was that about? After breakfast, the rest of the Shaw family led us outside, Sarah in tears, to say final goodbyes. We met up with Thomas, and he and Forbes and I stood together in a group, watching Mrs. Sarah Shaw hold onto Robert and cry in his arms. Robert awkwardly patted her on the back, glancing at us every so often. He tried to comfort his mother, whispering something in her ear. She drew back and smiled at him through her tear-streaked face, the love and pride that seemed to glow in her eyes and radiate to Robert was beautiful. I wanted someone to look at me like that someday. \"I'm so proud of you.\" She told him. He slid a foot in the stirrups of his reddish-brown horse, and swung a leg over its side. He looked heroic, seated atop the saddle, and for the first time I seen him, he fit in with the history books. He made my eyes burn.[Chapter 5] Hope I'm rememberd for all the things that I never made - Everybody Loves Me The ride was...awkward, to say the least. Robert and Thomas occasionally talked amongst themselves, Robert completely ignoring me. I was actually glad to have Forbes, even with his teasing; he remedied the awkwardness that I felt by being someone I could argue...er... talk with, instead of just being a loner. But to be perfectly honest, he was a pretty cool person…when he wanted to be. When we arrived, there was a signup sheet already set up, with a butter-colored banner hung over a table of military officers, saying \"To Arms All Men of Honor\" in bold black letters. Robert stationed Forbes and me against the table, and as soon as he turned around, climbing back on his horse, Forbes pulled out a cigar and lit it, jamming it into the side of his mouth. We must have stood in the same place for about forty-five minutes, in silence, watching Robert salute and talk to the other lower-rank officers. Forbes rolled his eyes every now and then and sighed a lot. Finally, just as the recruits began showing up, he grunted in frustration and pulled out his pocket watch. \"Jesus what time is it?\" He muttered. Apparently, the time did not please him, since he swore and jammed the watch back into his pocket. \"What?\" I couldn't help but ask. He raised an eyebrow at me, and took his cigar out of his mouth. \"She speaks.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Amazing isn't it?\" He laughed. \"Look at Robert.\" He nodded in his direction and I saw what he was talking about. Robert was still sitting on his horse, observing the new recruits that were showing up. His eyes were calculating, and he bit his lip every so often. \"You'd think he's up to something?\" Forbes asked me. \"You can see his mind whirring full speed ahead.\" He turned to face me, and I could see his smirk. He did a small imitation of Robert, narrowing his eyes and walking around me, as if inspecting me. When he was done, I laughed and he chuckled. \"He probably is.\" We kept watching Robert, together, again in silence. When the drummer boys assembled, Forbes, as if on cue, probably was, yelled. \"Present ARMS!\" I jumped, shooting him a look of disgruntled irritation to being so abruptly yanked out of my thoughts. He didn't notice. At that moment Robert began walking around the group of African-American recruits, his eyes slightly narrowed, just as Forbes did when he made fun of his best friend. Robert remained silent even as the recruits shouted question at him, staring at him expectantly. \"How do we look Colonel?\" One of the 'negro' recruits asked him. \"We gwine whoop the Secess'?\" Another called out, \"Hey Boss! When do we get the blue suit?\" Robert still said nothing, merely rode on. \"Yeah, the blue suit.\" It echoed from voice to voice, rippling through the crowd. The only persona that Robert even slightly acknowledged was Thomas, who gave him a huge grin, spreading from ear to ear. Robert glanced back at him, seeming to suppress a smile, as if the two shared some kind of an inside joke that I didn't understand. \"Ready to whip them Rebs!\" A man shouted. \"When are we gwine get to fight?\" Another asked. But the question that they all really cared about the most, was , \" Are we really gonna get to fight this time?\" Suddenly Robert paused for a minute when he saw a tall, wrinkle-face black man with grey hair showing from under his hat and on his chin. The old man nodded at him, leaning on his side. Robert nodded back, slowly, before continuing on. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Forbes trying to get my attention. I looked at him, and he twisted his expression into one of pride, and stuck his nose into the air, before imitating Robert's slow nod. I snorted, jeez I can't even laugh normally, and he laughed even louder. We meant no disrespect for dear Robert, we were just having fun. Suddenly, Robert's eyes snapped into our direction and he rode over to us. His look was serious, slightly scolding. But he saluted us anyway, we returned it. \"Morning.\" He said, as if seeing us for the first time. Forbes leaned back casually, squinting in the breaking dawn. \"Morning.\" \"Hi.\" I murmured, looking down at my shoes. Robert scowled at us. \"I would appreciate if you two would remain serious on the job. This is the army, how can I expect to keep the men at attention if even my officers fail to do so?\" He stared at Forbes accusingly, and glanced back at me occasionally. I swallowed. Ouch. Forbes seemed to have a nasty comeback in his mouth, but he thought better of it and bit his tongue, looking straight ahead. Robert seemed content with our responses and was just about to ride away when Forbes suddenly yelled. \"ATTENTION!\" Just like the last time he'd randomly shouted, tt was so sharp, loud, sudden, that I jumped. My foot caught against the table leg, and I tripped, falling off of the podium and on to the ground, my face flat in the dirt. \"Oh my God, oh my God.\" I thought. I couldn't see anything but I could still hear the astonished voices of officers and recruits talking about me. Please let this be a dream, please. I tried to convince myself, biting my lip, so that I would wake up. I bit it so hard it began to bleed, and the only response that I received for that was the sound of Robert's voice. \"Major Forbes.\" He called out. \"If you please.\" \"Yes sir.\" Forbes' response was high, as if he were desperately trying to hold in a laugh. I felt the ground thud as Forbes jumped off the podium and landed on his feet on the ground next to me. He pulled me off of the ground, making sure I was standing. I stared at him, his expression was pained and his eyes were a bit watery, as if he was ready to burst out laughing any second. \"Are...you ...alright?\" His question was broken and whispery, as if he were laughing and talking at the same time. I blinked, my face hot, and glanced down at his waist where his Colt Revolver rested securely in the gun belt. Suddenly it was starting to look real friendly. \"I trust that you are alright, Miss Janeiro.\" Robert said to me from his horse. He looked as if he had already regretted my existence. With a grunt he quickly cleared it away, and turned his attention on the laughing recruits. I looked back at Forbes again, who was still fighting a smile, and stepped on his foot. \"Go ahead and laugh.\" I started to climb back up the podium. He winced, \"maybe I will.\" I thought I heard him say, the next time I looked at him, he was chuckling softly. With another \"ATTENTION!\" that I so gracefully prepared myself for - by jerking back to the poor officer behind me – Forbes calmed the recruits and Robert was finally able to speak. I watched Robert take a deep, shaky breath. \"Good Morning, Gentlemen.\" He began awkwardly. \"I am Colonel Robert Gould Shaw.\" \" No .\" Forbes muttered sarcastically, trying to make me laugh. Robert's eyes searched the crowd for an encouragement to speak on, but he received none. \"I am your commanding officer.\" The men's faces went from black, to bemused. \"Commanding officer.\" Forbes mimicked quietly, I guessed he was trying to cheer me up. \"He was never really good at this, it's pretty hard to make something inspiring in the spur of the moment. He should have let someone else do it. I told him to write a speech, but what did he say? Noooo I'll be fine. I see how fine you are.\" He said in a sharp little whisper. I smiled, my face still tomato-red from the incident, but it was pretty obvious that the two had been friends since the dawn of man. I watched Robert awkwardly lick his lips. \"It is a great pleasure to see you all here today.\" Still no crowd reaction, except for a small encouraging smile from Thomas. \"It is my hope, that the same courage, spirit, and honor, that has brought us here together...\" He grew more and more confident with each word, building his momentum.\"...will one day restore this Union!\" With a a final burst of confidence, he added...\"May God bless us all !\" Finally, a crowd reaction, they all burst in cheers and applause. Robert smiled, triumphantly. Forbes was surprised. \"I was wrong.\" He admitted. He sounded impressed. \"Form companies?\" The officer I had run into reminded Robert. Robert pulled himself together, his smile gone again. \"We will commence with forming companies!\" \"It's been a pleasure.\" Forbes bowed suddenly at me, with a wink, then spun around. He spoke through his cigar at the people. \"Company officers take charge!\" He ordered, and the lower-rank officers sped to the crowd of recruits, shouting orders. Forbes continued. \"You recruits will report to your respective officers by letter of your company in alphabetical order, which is in the top left corner...\" He picked up a sheet and pointed at it,\"...of your muster sheet.\" Chaos ensued. Men weaved in and out of the crowd, scrambling in every direction, officers barking orders, recruits shouting at each other. I saw Robert look up at the sky, with an \"Oh God how am I going to pull this off?\" expression on his face. He looked like he was having second thoughts about all of this, rubbing the back of his neck with a gloved hand. I felt sorry for the guy. I admit, this was going to be tough, and I did not envy him. I reached out and put a hand on his shoulder. \"I know it looks hard Robert, but I know you can do it.\" I knew that I would feel like kicking myself later, for saying something so stupid and corny, but it was the best I could do. Robert jerked back, I must have startled him, that or he didn't want my germs on his jacket. I'll hope it was the first choice. He smiled slightly but then scowled, before straightening his face into a blank, unreadable expression. \"Miss Janeiro-\" \"-You can call me Alex-\" He seemed impatient . \"Miss Janeiro,\" He said. \"As your commanding officer, you will refer to me as 'Colonel Shaw' or 'Sir', do you understand?\" My face burned.\"Yessir.\" \"Furthermore, your relationship between Major Forbes and myself must be strictly formal. I will not permit any kind of fraternization. Is that clear?\" His eyes searched me. I felt like an idiot, and with my outfit I probably looked like one too. I nodded, feeling bloated and conspicuous, like a big awkward whale. He smiled humorlessly. \"Good.\" He then turned around and started to shout orders at Forbes and the rest of the officers, while I stood in the back and sulked. Drowning in the mental excess of my own humiliation.[Chapter 6] Well the sun is shining but it don't feel good It don't smile down on this neighborhood And when I go walking through this stinking town Mister I keep my eyes down - Keep Your Eyes Down After a about another hour of chaos and misery, the officers finally got the troops in array and all the much-despised-yet-necessary paperwork filled out. Each soldier was put in their letter company and lined up in alphabetical order. Finally pleased with the rough looking marching rows, the perfectionist-prone Robert climbed back up on his horse and sat stiffly, signaling for Forbes to give the command to move out. I was positioned not too far from them, on the very outside of a marching row, a few yards down from Robert, who rode his proud brown horse with impressive grace and ease. I glanced back over my shoulder, and saw Forbes on his horse, at least a hundred feet away from me, watching the men to make sure they all stayed in line. \"Good book, Brother?\" Said the young man next to me. I frowned, I know that wearing pants is considered cross-dressing in this time, but honestly, did I really look that masculine? \" Excuse me?\" The kid was slightly taller than I was, with a round, flat-ish face and a tan-colored cap on his head. Turns out, he wasn't talking to me. \"Yes, it is, actually.\" Came Thomas's voice from his other side, I saw him tuck a red book under his arm.\"Name's Searles. Thomas Searles.\" \"Jupiter Sharts.\" The other guy said, shaking Thomas' hand without taking his eyes off of Thomas' encyclopedia-thick book. Jupiter? Thomas noticed, and his face lit up at Jupiter's apparent interest. \"It's a collection of essays...Fourier, Emerson...\" with each name, poor Jupiter looked more and more confused, as I'm sure did I, twisting my face as I tried to remember where I heard all those names before. Nerd. Thomas probably read the dictionary on rainy days. \"...all of the transcendentalists.\" Jupiter nodded as if he knew what Thomas was talking about.\"It got pictures?\" I smiled, still staring straight ahead, and heard Thomas chuckle.\"No.\" \"You teach me?\" The obvious hope in Jupiter's voice was deeply endearing. \"Yes, I'd be happy to.\" I caught Thomas' reply before tuning him out. I felt like someone was staring at me. I hate that feeling. Why won't it go away? I glanced back behind me again, Forbes did not see me, he seemed to be engrossed in a conversation with one of the young minor officers, Charles, I believed his name was. I looked forward; Robert was in front of me, not even faced in my direction. Who - ? Suddenly I felt a sharp poke in my back and I yelped, before spinning around to look behind me. A group of tough-looking men were 'marching' behind me. When I glared at one of them suspiciously, he only grinned. I turned back around and felt the poke again. I snapped my head back at him, and glared some more, but he only burst out laughing. \"Stop.\" I muttered. \" Stop .\" He mocked my voice. The two men on each side of him laughed at his response. Really? Act your age! I snapped my eyes back to the front. \"Y-you don't like it?\" Jupiter asked shyly, next to me. I stared at him. What kind of a question was that? \"No.\" I muttered. Quite frankly, I was ticked off and annoyed. The guy poked me again. I tried counting to ten, but that was it. I stood in place, letting the men shout and march by me, as rows and rows of men did the same thing; I waited to the very end, before positioning myself into the last marching row. Forbes gave me a strange look when he noticed me, as if wondering how I just appeared out of nowhere.\"How-\" \"Don't ask.\" I replied. He gave a lazy shrug. We marched on for about another mile, with me quietly humming along to the marching music that the drummer boys were making way up front. It was catchy. Until finally we were making our way into Camp Reedville, on November 27, 1862, according to the text Marty sent me on the Communicator. Forbes seemed to slouch with relief. Whatever. Everybody's tired, except the rest of us walked , while a few people, who will remain unnamed, rode . We passed by another regiment of Union soldiers, all in fancy navy uniforms, while the 54th was in re-sewn cotton sacks and barefoot. The other regiment's soldiers were sprawled out on each side, sitting and staring at us with amusement, as if we were zoo animals on parade. \"Look at what's walking in here!\" One of the soldiers shouted. Curiously, I squinted ahead at Robert. His mouth formed a tight thin line, but he held his head high and pretended that he did not hear those men. \"Getting dark mighty early round here!\" Another shouted. Robert narrowed his eyes slightly, but other than that, still kept a straight face, riding on in a dignified manner. \"I'd rather have a hog than a nigger!\" I saw Jupiter, Thomas, the old man, and the guy who tormented me turn around and stare at them, along with other members of the 54th. \"At least you could eat the hog!\" The other soldiers burst out laughing. I saw Forbes grip his horse's reins tighter and clench his jaw. I was surprised to see him care so much. \"Look, they even got their little lady in breaches.\" One shouted. I turned red, as some men looked back at me. \"Yep! Everyone would rather be a man!\" Another added. \"A real, white man.\" I stopped in my tracks and spun around. That was it. Cousin-marrying, chauvinistic, mouth-breather. I could have a pretty nasty temper if I wanted to, but pretty sucky comebacks to go with it. So I said what came naturally, one of the most popular comebacks among high school boys.\"So does your mom!\" I shouted with an almost patriotic zeal...then ducked like a traitor. I saw Robert go rigid for a second, then spin around on his saddle at an alarming rate. He must have heard the shout but wondered who it came from. Ain't no way he missed that. Forbes noticed Robert too, and reached out and grabbed my upper arm, frantically yanking me back into line. Robert was looking at an entirely different direction, and didn't notice our skirmish. \"Are you mad?\" Forbes hissed. Getting there . \"Not according to my therapist.\" I sighed. I kept doing stupid things; maybe all this century-jumping was having an effect on my intelligence, my I.Q. was dropping by the second. \"If Robert heard you he would have buried you alive.\" He grinned darkly. \"You would have never heard the end of his wrath.\" \"No he wouldn't have.\" I replied.\"Besides, why would he care?\" \"According to him, a good soldier can keep his mouth shut and his eyes down.\" He recited. I snorted.\"That's the kind of stuff they used to teach us in kindergarten. No arguing.\" \"Kindergarten?\" He repeated, chewing on the word. \"It's...er...a finishing school in Maine.\" I added quickly. He stared at me with a strange expression, a smile and a frown at the same time. \"Apparently you never attended.\" He replied, before the other corner of his mouth turned up, completing the smile.[Chapter 7] smartyjonescrzy : You're so lucky to be horse riding! I have tried reading it too, actually, exccept I never even got past the cover. ;D Thanks for the Charlie thing, I will definetely include him more, but I was surprised that anyone even noticed that. The jeering troops thing, I imagine that Alex will have a lot of trouble fitting in. ;) Thanks again. High Queen Crystal : Hope you feel better. Get well soon. sophiforbes : lol thanks so much! I really like Forbes because he seems so funny and fun. I think I know what you mean, that I'm including just the right amount of Rob's character, not too much and not too little. :) Thanks again. YarisVamp : I'm surprised people liked that part, lol. Thanks! Luv your avatar, by the way. See if you recognize anything from Back to the Future. ;) When we had finally arrived to camp, more chaos followed as officers frantically tried to assemble the men into their proper tents and tent buddies. After the hardest was done, and the men's small collection of personal things were stowed away under their sleeping mattresses, they were all summoned to the mess hall for lunch. I, along with several other officers, were unpacking our possessions, in a big long wooden building with a tan colored flap in the doorway on one end that separated us from Robert's personal quarters. When I approached my bunk there was a small note tucked into the pillow, I pulled it out and read it. It was from Marty. Look under the bed. -Marty I did, and I found a duffel bag filled with futuristic items. There was a toothbrush, a hairbrush, a pair of Nike shoes, another pair of skinny jeans, the exact same style and color of the ones I'm wearing right now, and the same white t-shirt that was wearing. Among other things, here was also a glass bottle of Coke, I have no idea why. Weird, but hey, whatever...thanks. I heard a shuffling behind me and a thump on the squeaky bunk next to me. I turned around, Forbes was standing behind me with Charlie Morris, unbuttoning his collar slightly. He yanked off his blue kepi and ran a hand through his dirty blonde hair. I could already tell that sleeping with a bunch of guys in one room was going to be really awkward. I did not look forward to it. Maybe I could get the guard every night and live off of large doses of caffeine. Uh...no. \"Alex!\" Forbes said, when he noticed me staring at him.\"Have you met Charlie?\" I shook my head no. \"No?\" Forbes repeated, frowning. He shrugged and turned to a shorter young man with dark curly hair that was standing next to him.\"Charlie, I'd like to introduce Alexandra. Alex, Charlie.\" he bent over to shuffle in bag as I reached for Charlie's hand and shook it. \"My pleasure.\" he smiled shyly. \"Hey.\" I replied. Crap. Why do I keep slipping? He pretended not to hear me. How thoughtful. Forbes, on the other hand, snorted. \"Charlie, you are bound to soon notice that Miss Janiero is quiet a young lady.\" I smacked him on the arm and he started laughing harder. \"I don't understand Forbes, why is that funny?\" Charlie was clearly confused, and that made it all the funnier. \"The podium scenerio was brilliant.\" Forbes joked.\"I have wanted to laugh about that ever since it happened.\" He was laughing hard, and so was I, finally Charlie joined in. Forbes had to sit down for fear of toppling over. \"What is the meaning of this?\" a loud, commanding voice came from the end of the cabin-like building. We stopped laughing ubruptly and turned around to see Robert leaning in the doorway, holding a stack of envelopes in his gloved hand. Forbes immediately put his hat back on and stood up straight, silent and presentable. Charlie was also silent, with the type of expression on his face that a kid wears when he was caught doing something wrong. \"I've had men looking everywhere for the three of you.\" Robert continued, folding his arms.\"Is this where you were the whole time? Loitering?\" All three of us looked down at our feet. It was as if we were kids and Rob was our parental unit. \"We weren't loitering.\" I mumbled. Shaw leaned in and squinted at me.''What was that, Miss Janiero?\" I saw Forbes shoot me a 'shut-up' look, and I bit my tongue. I doubt I would have said anything even without his warning. Robert had transformed since the last time saw him. He was not the sweet, funny guy that I had talked to for the first time at his party, now he was, lets face it, scary. Scary, but cute. But I can't think about that right now. After waiting for my reply, seeing that he wasn't getting one, Robert leaned back and sighed.\"Major and Charlie, I will see you in the mess hall in a few minutes,\" he added in a softer tone,\"help the others control those soldiers\" \"Yes Sir!\" they both muttered, they looked at me apologetically aka the 'you're gonna get it' look, and walked past Robert and out the door. Robert waited until they were out of sight before he approached me. He stood in front of me looking down into my face. He produced the stack of envelops that I noticed earlier and handed them all to me. \"Miss Janiero.\" he began.\"These are all letters from me to my family, and one for the quartermaster. Please see to it that they get to the post office in town.\" he explained, slowly as if he was talking to an ignorant child. To him, I probably was. That's a damper. I nodded up at him \" Now .\" he added. \"Now?\" I squeaked, it was going to get dark outside, and it made me nervous. He recognized my expression, probably because he had seen it before on one of his little sisters, and I could have sworn his eyes softened a little. \"I will send a few men to go with you.\" he added, reassuringly. \"Please meet them outside in a few minutes.\" With that, he turned and started for the door. Then he stopped and turned around.\"Oh and one more thing. Have you heard one of the men shout something at the other soldiers when we were marching into camp. A vulgar, 'your mom', I believe it was?\" I swallowed hard and my face paled. I shook my head. His eyes appeared to be smirking. It was obvious that he knew who it was.\"If you ever find out who it was, please let me know.\" in other words it was, if you ever want to come admit it so that I could spend the afternoon lecturing you, feel free. Then he turned around and walked outside. I shook my head and sighed, that was a little...interesting. Weird. I put on my navy blue kepi before I stepped outside and jogged towards the front where the soldiers were supposed to be waiting for me. They were. It was Thomas, Jupiter, the old man Robert had nodded to, and-oh god no. It was one of the soldiers who tormented me. He seemed to be tormenting Thomas now. \"Well then why don't move your free black ass out of my way?\" I heard him say. I tucked the envelopes awkwardly under my arm. I knew Robert was trying to help but he just made it worse. I took a deep breath, and approached him. \"Ready to go?\" I asked a little too cheerfully. \"Well look who it is!\" the man turned his attention to me now. Thomas seemed relieved. \"Quiet Trip.\" the old man warned him. \"Nigger, no one asked you!\" Trip replied. My walking became slower as I came up to them, my feet felt like lead. \"We have to deliver these...\" I mumbled. \"We all know that without you.\" Trip snapped. He tugged on the stack of envelopes in my hands, I hold on to them tightly. He stared frustratingly at me, daring me to try again. I tugged hard and he released them, sending me falling to the ground with the envelopes fluttering around me. That was mean and embarrassing. I sniffed and pulled myself up. \"Stop it son! Stop it!\" the old man scolded him. Trip rolled his eyes and let out a disgusted sigh. He put a hand on my shoulder.\"Rawlins here, you alright child?\" I nodded, glancing at the envelopes all over the ground. The others looked down also, and finally noticed my Converse.\"Hey! Look out them moccasins, what kind of skins is them?\" Sharts exclaimed. Thomas actually bent over to examine them. \"What's the stars on them sides? Is that some kind of Injun sign?\" Trip squinted at them, but I know he was making fun of them. \"No, I believe that the stars might have something to do with the Union Army, though it says Converse All-Star around it.\" Thomas added. \"What do it mean, chile?\" Rawlins asked me. \"N-nothing.\" I replied, frantically picking up the envelopes one by one.\"It's getting dark. We'd better get going.\" They nodded, except for Trip of course, and started to walk into town. We walked most of the way in silence, until Jupiter spoke up.\"I wonder when they gonna give us the blue suit.\" he said suddenly. \"Us niggers, them blue suits for the white soldiers.\" Trip told him bitterly. \"Well, we soldiers now.\" Sharts protested. He had a point. Trip looked at him, with the tiniest of smiles on his mouth.\"Where you from, field hand?\" \"S-South Carolina.\" Jupiter replied, proudly. \"South Carolina? Well then you should know better than that boy!\" Trip effortlessly burst his bubble. I saw Rawlins pity the boy, so he changed the subject.\"Where about you from?\" he asked Trip as we approached the post office. I quickly ran inside and handed the envelops to the man behind the counter. When I came out again, Trip was saying something. \"I'm from around Tennessee. I ran away when I was twelve years old and I ain't never looked back.\" he explained, starting to walk back towards the direction we came from when he saw me. \"W-what ya doin since then?\" Jupiter sputtered. \"I run for President.\" Trip replied bluntly. I snorted, and everyone was smiling except for Jupiter, who looked confused.\"I ain't win though.\" We erupted into laughter. He was a jerk but he was a funny one. When we made it back into camp, it was past twilight, and the sky was a deep shade of purple, with sparkling stars and and brilliant white crescent moon. It was lovely. As I was walking away, Trip stuck out his foot and I fell over it, thankfully catching myself before I hit the ground.\"See you 'round nigger.\" he told me. I frowned at him, watching him walk away. Then I turned and walked towards the officer's quarters, jamming my hands into the pockets of my Levi's. I strolled through the long building, past bunks and bunks of other young officers until I got to the very end where Robert's quarters were separated by a thick tan colored sheet, his light was on, the only in this dark room, having the light-at-the-end-of-the-tunnel look. I took a deep breath and knocked. I saw his silhouette as he opened almost immediately. His hat was off, and so was his navy colored jacket with shiny gold buttons. He was still wearing his shoes, a white shirt, and the blank pants with suspender straps that he wore today. I felt a little awkward, but I still managed to salute. What a bloody extraordinary accomplishment for someone like me. He looked surprised, but he saluted too.\"Miss Janiero.\" It felt weird to be so formal and army-style.\"It's done... .sir .\" He smiled.\"Thank you.\" I just noticed, he has such a nice smile. He frowned, probably wondering why I was staring at him so oddly. I snapped my eyes away from his mouth. I am such a pervert.\"You may retire.\" He said. I nodded.\"Dismissed.\" With a final salute he turned around, and pulled the flap back. I all but ran and collapsed on my bunk, not even bothering to take my shoes off. Yep, we're in real school now. Thanks for reading, guys, review please.[Chapter 8] YarisVamp: Really? Wow, your cousin is good, I thought it was a professional pic. :) I'm so glad that you like this so much. smartyjonescrzy: Haha, good job, it was the shoes :) Alex is very awkward, I almost feel bad for throwing her into such situations, bt I do it anyway. :D BTW could you please tell me if Trip, Thomas, etc. etc. are ever OOC. Thanks. The cultural notes help, really, I did not know that that wsa considered adultry, but wouldn't they be surprised at us now. Women walking around in short shorts and tank tops. Their reaction would have been interesting to see. Lol. Thanks always. BeagleBug: Hey! I hope you had fun. Happy late 4th of July to you too. I didn't really do that much, first we sang the \"Star-Spangled Banner\" very loudly and off-key with my friend in our neighborhood park. Lol, I don't know what was going on in my head at that time. Then we went to the beach with my family, and shot off fireworks andmade a legal banfire. Lol. Good to have you back. Glad you liked the story. Glad you like Forbes. ;D Kickin'it14: Hey! I think that you might like the story it's pretty good. Thanks for reviewing, I'm glad you like Forbes. The night was horrible, completely freezing. I was the first to 'hit the sack' and didn't even change. Not that I had any pj's in the first place, I kept my clothes on for warmth, and because the huge cabin was full of Union soldiers, all of them undoubtedly male. I tried to fall asleep, under the army's standard blue cotton blanket, and put my head under the cheap, cotton pillow to block out the loud laughter of the officers. They stayed up pretty late, and probably would have fallen asleep later, unless Robert hadn't come out and barked at everyone to scare them off to bed. I'm sure he knew that the men were just venting out their first-day-excitement to each other, but he was either to tired to care or didn't want a large group of half-asleep officers in the morning. Finally, the gas lamps went out and the laughter silenced. Time to sleep. Or so I thought. The November wind howled through the cracks in the wood, making me shiver and curl up into a tight ball, trying to keep every inch of my body covered by the blanket. Not only that, but most of the officers began to snore. Men. How typical. I pulled the pillow over my head, trying to block out the sound. But it was unbearable. Especailly with Forbes's bunk next to mine. Let me tell you, the guy can snore . The first time he did it, it was so sharp that I fell out of bed. In a weird way, I thought it sounded like gunfire, and with my drowsy mind, I actaully thought that the Confederates were attacking us. I was about to go wake Robert up when I realized it was only Forbes. With a glare at him I climbed back into my bunk and finally fell asleep. \"Five more minutes.\" I muttered at the person shaking my shoulders. They wouldn't stop.\"Go away?\" \"Go away?\" the voice sounded shocked.\"Alex are you insane?\" It was Forbes. I cracked an eye open. Sunlight poured through the cracks in the room. \"What's the matter?\" I asked him drowsely.\"Lemme sleep.\" \"Alex, you missed the bugle wake up call, almost a half hour ago. You should be in the mess hall eating breakfast by now. You are lucky that I found you instead of Robert. If it were him...\" he paused and smiled slightly.\"...I'd hate to attend your funeral.\" I sat up quickly. He was right. The room was completely empty, the beds made. I looked up at Forbes. He was already in uniform, looking fresh and shaven.\"What time is it?\" He glanced at his pocket watch.\"Almost seven hundred.\" \"What?\" I muttered, bemused. \"Robert will be passing through this bed hall any minute now, and when he is, we had better not be here.\" he explianed, already walking towards the exit. I quickly made the bed and followed. I went to brush my teeth, in freezing cold water I might add, before I went to look for the mess hall. I found it pretty quickly. I walked inside the worn wooding building, warm from the cooking ovens. It was toasty and almost pleasant, besides the noise and smell. I walked to the end of the short line, I was one of the last people to get food. I still can't believe I over slept. When I went up to get my food, I almost gave it back. The officer serving it stared at me oddly, before ladling out a glump of a grey gruel like thing in my tin bowl. The next guy gave me hard tack, and the third one gavy me a tiny, dark sliver of hard molasses. How genorous. I should stop complaining, but to be honest, it was the first time in my life that school lunches seemed like a delicacy. I took my tray and stood awkwardly in between the ailes of wooden tables. I hated this. Nothing was worse than being the 'new-kid' and having nowhere to sit. It was pretty awkward, and it got worse. Someone flung a small piece of gruel on me. How rude and immature. I wiped it off of the shoulder of my Union jacket and looked up, trying to find out where it came from. It came from Jupiter's, Rawlins's, Thomas's, and ofcourse, Trip's table. I could tell because they were all staring at me, Trip's two goons were laughing, especially the one who threw the food at me. Trip was staring at me, silently smirking. I quickly looked around for a place to sit, but ofcourse every table just HAD to be packed, all except for Trip's. I hesitated, trying to put on my \"so-not-a-chicken\" and walked over to them. I set my tray across from Trip, his goons, and Thomas, and slipped in between Jupiter and Rawlins.\"Hey Twinkle Toes.\" Trip leaned in. I leaned back. I was kind of scared of him.\"Who done told ya you can sit here?\" I sputtered. \"I...I...I...\" \"Leave her be, son.\" Rawlins interfered. \"No one asked you old man.\" Trip snapped at him. Thomas and Jupiter stared at Trip.\"What you staring at, Snowflake?\" Thomas looked away as Trip's 'back-up dancers' laughed. I shoved a spoonful of gruel in my mouth and immediatly spit it out. It tasted worse than it looked. I pushed my plate away.\"You don't like that?\" Sharts asked. I stared at him. He askes the most obvious questions. \"No, I love it.\" I replied. He didn't catch the sarcasm.\"You can have it.\" I said. \"Thanks ma'am!\" he responded happily. I can never understand how the men can eat that. \"How come you just give them food away like you rich, Twinkle Toes?\" Trip asked. I had no answer. Thankfully Forbes and Charlie were passing by us. I shot a 'save-me' look at him, but unfortunatly his head was bent over a copy of Harper's Weekly , and he didn't see me. \"Pssst...Forbes!\" I hissed. He didn't hear me, and walked by. Thomas seemed to be trying to get his attention also. He beat me. \"Major?\" he called out. At first, Forbes hadn't hear him.\"Forbes! That's you!\" Thomas shoved a piece of molasses into his mouth and stood from the table. Forbes stopped ubruptly, and folded his newspaper, spinning around along with Charlie. \"Thomas!\" Forbes exclaimed, as if pleasantly surprised. Thomas smiled.\"Hello.\" Forbes laughs soflty.\"How are you?\" I glance at Charlie, he looks so surprised that the two are speaking so informaly. \"You know Charlie Morse.\" Forbes gestures at the nervous Charlie. Thomas smiles at him, still chewing on his piece of molasses. \"Charlie.\" Thomas shakes his hand. Charlie nods.\"Thomas Searles.\" Still in disbelief of their familiarity, He glances unsurely at Forbes, and excuses himself.\"Cabot.\" Forbes nods and Charlie walks away. Forbes touches Thomas's arm.\"So...uh...how was your meal?\" Trip is staring at Thomas with an odd mix of expression on his face, both annoyance and dislike. Finally he speaks.\"Look at him, thinking that he's the best nigger around all cause he gets to be talken to the white man.\" \"Leave it alone, son.\" Rawlins murmures, Surprisingly, Trip does. Thomas shoves his hands inot his pockets,\"The remoulade was a trifle tart...\" Forbes enjoys that, since he laughs heartily and crosses his arms.\"...but the souffle for dessert more than made up for it.\" Forbes, still chuckling,\"And your...uh...comrades?\" One of Trip's goons fling a piece of hard tack at Thomas's back. Trip hardly notices, staring so intently at him and Forbes. Thomas and Forbes turn to look back at us, Forbes looks surprised that I'm there. Thomas is laughing.\"Charming...\" They look from me, to Rawlins, to Jupiter, to Trip. Thomas turns away.\"Extraordinary conversationalists, every one.\" \"Major Forbes!\" all attention turns to the commanding voice in the back of the room which belongs to Robert. He looked clean-shaven, except the facial hair that he refuses to get rid of, and his blue suit is neatly pressed, his kepi nesstlyd perfectly on top of his head. Robert's hands are folded behind his back, and unamused expression paced on his face.\"A word, please\" \"Oh, excuse me, Thomas.\" Forbes says. Thomas nods and sits down. Trip leans in.\"You think you betta than us cause you know the white boy?\" Trip asks. Thomas looks down. \"Quiet!\" Rawlins commands. I roll my eyes, they act like children. I see Robert's eyes jump from Thomas, to Trip, to Rawlins, and finally land on me. He nods.\"Miss Janiero, if you please.\" I nervously climb out and approach him, right behind Forbes. When we stop, Robert's attention is focused completely on him, not so much as a glance in my direction. I remain silent, Forbes does not.\"Yes, Robert?\" \"I won't permit that kind of fraternezation.\" Robert spills bluntly. Forbes frowns and gestures back at Thomas.\"It's only Thomas.\" he finishes with an awkward chuckle and glance at me. Robert is still not amused. He gives him a short nod.\"He's an enlisted man.\" Forbes gives in.\"You're right, of course.\" Forbes awkwardly taps his folded copy of Harper's Weekly newspaper against his palm, with another sheepish glance in my direction. Robert opens his mouth.\"I've sent for help.\" he takes a step forward and Forbes appeares to listen carefully.\"These men need a proper teacher.\" Forbes nods as it's understood and with a salute, Robert dismisses Forbes. I notice how tired he looks, and his forehead is tight with worry. I feel sorry for him, but he appears to have forgotten all about me. I touch his arm.\"Ro-Sir?\" He looks surprised that I'm still there, and blinks before he regains his formal, commanding composure.\"Why don't you let Forbes 'fratenize'?\" I ask out of curiosity. Robert sighs.\"Never question authority, Miss Janiero.\" He must have seen my sad facial expression, because he added,\" Major Forbes is a commanding officer, if he makes friends, he will eventually have to send them out to battle, sometimes even to certain death. This is not an easy thing to do.\" I nod, I finally get it.\"Thank you.\" \"Whatever for?\" he frowns. \"For explaining.\" Duh. He looks a little awkward for a second but then clears it away.\"We are recieving a new sargeant to day, a Mulcahy, I believe, and I need you to run some errands for me. Come with me.\" he commands, and walks toward the exit of the mess hall, I obediantly follow him. Dare I not? Hey guys! Happy late Fourth of July. Oh Say Can You See! By the Dawn's early...okay, enough with the offkeying. lol. Review please. Ta![Chapter 9] Hey guys, thanks for your patience, review please. ;) smartyjonescrzy: Haha thanks so much! I'm trying to make Robert boy-scouty, and Forbes funny. Btw, I think that you'll like this chapter. I added more Charlie for ya. ;) I feel so sorry for Rob's mom, thouhg. Thanks so much again. Oh yeah, I think that their kid's name was Frank. shadowxofxdarkness : Thanks so much! Glad you liked it. Beagle Bug: Haha, I know right? Rawlins is so grampa-ish. YarisVamp : What did she copy off of? I don't get it. I'm so glad that you like ti that much. ;D I followed Robert out of the toasty, noisy mess hall and into the crisp, silent November air. I had to run to keep up with his long strides, until I could match them and fall into step with him. I looked around, everything was wet and muddy, and there were puddles the size of the Great Lakes here and there. Okay, not that big, but still. We walked silently for a few minutes until we reached the very edge of the camp, where a wooden shack stood next to the entrance. Robert stalked up to the the building, his leather boots making sloshing sounds in the melting, muddy snow. He pulled open the door and held it for me. I raised my eyebrows, I don't know why I was so surprised. \"Thank you.\" I murmured. He didn't say anything as I went passed him inside, he didn't even respond. I walked into the small room, there stood a long desk, with three officers, Charlie, and two others that I did not recognize. After muttering a hello to Charlie, I went to stand next to the burning coal oven, drying myself off. Robert walked in behind me and shut the door. Charlie and the other two officers immediatly stood up and saluted him. Robert looked slightly annoyed and gave them a hurried salute. \"At ease.\" he murmured and approached the desk. \"Did he arrive yet?\" Robert asked Charlie. Charlie shook his head.\"Not yet, but he is due any minute now.\" Robert nodded and leaned over on the desk.\"What about the mail?\" Charlie nodded and pulled out a single yellow envelope from the desk. He handed it to Robert, who seemed to be restraining himself from snatching it.\"Thank you.\" He walked toward the door and looked over his shoulder.\"Carry on.\" then he glanced in my direction.\"Miss Janiero, if you please.\" I nodded, and when he turned around I waved a goodbye to Charlie, before following after Robert's retreating, navy-blue-overcoated back. His head was hunched low, the hard black brim of his kepi-hat covering his deep brown eyes. His mouth was pressed in a tight thin line, and his forehead was creased with worry as he walked briskly toward the officer's sleeping barracks. Once inside, he marched past the neat rows of beds straight to his quarters, pulling the tan piece of cloth away from the doorway he marched inside and sat down at his desk, starting to tear open the envelope.\"Come in.\" he told me, without so much as a glance in my direction. I looked around his room. It was kind of nice. He had a heating stove, a desk, a small window by it complete with glass, a nice chair, a large wooden chest, a more comfortable-looking bed with better pillows and blankets then ours, and a bookshelf. I walked right up to it and ran my fingers delicately over the large books with their intricate covers. There were copies of Shakespeare novels and poems, Bleak House by Charles Dickens, one big black book of Edgar Allen Poe (the goth of the 1800's), even a few Jules Verne, a copy of Uncle Tom's Cabin (which they made us read that in history), and last but not least, a bright red book with gold letters \" The Art of War .\" I kneeled down next to the bookshelf and just stared at it in awe, my outh hanging open. These were the oldest books I've ever seen, or at least will be in the 21rst century. Robert cleared his throat, and I looked up. \"Ahem.\" he had finished reading, he looked worried and sad. \"Sorry.\" I mumbled as I stood up.\"What's wrong?\" He looked a little overwhelmed, and surprised that I asked. Oh come one, chill out dude, it's just a question. He folded his arms and stood up.\"Nothing, nothing at all. I'm just a bit worried about my mother.\" he shrugged. \"Why?\" I asked. He stared at me.\"It doesn't matter.\" the harshness was evident in his voice. I don't think he meant it though. \"Psshh...sorry.\" I muttered. He regained his composure and looked at me, something seemed to be on his mind, for when he watched me he didn't see me, his eyes went right through me.\"Have you ever ridden a horse?\" he asked me suddenly. \"No, but I-\" \"Have you ever done anything useful?\" I thought I heard him mutter under his breath, but when I looked at him I also could have sworn that it was just my imagination. \"At least I don't look like Ferris Bueller.\" I mumbled at him. \"Excuse me?\" he leaned in. Oh no, he heard me.\"You'll have to speak up Miss Janiero.\" Oh good, he didn't. I frowned.\"I drove my parent's car before.\" My eyes widened at the realization of what I just said, and I smacked my hands over my stupid, big, fat, mouth. He stared at me intently.\"A car?\" Was this an interrogation?\"I meant my parent's...er ...buggy . But when my car...er... horse broke down, they stopped trusting me.\" What was I saying? He opened his mouth but Charlie burst through the doorway. I had to restrain myself from saying 'thank-you' outloud. Charlie and Robert saluted each other.\"Mr. Mulcahy has arrived sir.\" \" Sargent .\" Robert corrected.\"Thank you Captian Morse.\" he glanced back at me.\"Come with me.\" We followed Charlie back into their corner officer by the gate, Robert didn't open the door this time...I beat him to it, or atleast that's how I prefer to put it. He walked inside and saluted everybody, glancing back at me to make sure that I did the same. Robert turned his attention to a large, tall man, with a very intimidating appearance. He had small, dark eyes and a think dirty-blonde mustache. He stood tall and strong, as if he were some kind of a mountain, impossible to move. Robert reached out to shake the man's hand. I acted like a stupid little kid, hiding behind Robert's back.\"Sargent Major Mulcahy, it's a pleasure to have you here.\" \"Thank you, sir.\" Sgt. Mulcahy's answers were precise and to the point, loud and clear, and he didn't speak any more than he needed to. He didn't seem to talk much at all. Or so I thought. After talking and explaining more things to the sargeant, Robert turned to look at me. \"Miss Janiero, would you please carry Mulcahy's suitcases and set them on the empty cot in the officer's barracks?\" he asked simply. I looked down at Mulcahy's feet, where two big brown suitcases rested. Those things were huge. I probably couldn't even lift one and he expected me to carry both. \"Um...\" I didn't know what to say. Who did he think I was? A bell boy? \"That was not a suggestion Miss Janiero, it was an order .\" he told me. Touchy? Or just showing off? I stared at him. He was pulling rank, I just know it. I had almost given up on asking him to just call me Alex. Really, how hard was that? I probably would have asked him to just call me 'Alex' again, just to piss him off, but I didn't dare, because he was already annoyed and/or mad at me and I didn't want to push it. \"Okay.\" I walked over and tried to pick one up. What did the guy put in there? Bricks? With a grunt, I lifted it up about two feet off the ground, and dropped it immediatly, it landed on my foot.\"OW! Dammit! Dammit! Dammit!\" it hurt. By then I had realized what I just did. Holding on to one foot, and standing on the other, I looked around insecurely. That was by far not the most ladylike thing to say. I could probably make a sailor blush. Robert blinked at me. Mulcahy's eyebrows were so high up on his forehead, a little more and they would touch his hair line. Charie was looking down, trying to hide a small smile, and the other two officers pretended that they did not hear me say that. Finally Robert cleared his throat, I had surprised the heck out of him.\"Captain Morse?\" Charlie stepped up.\"Yes sir?\" \"Would you mind helping Miss Janiero with the suitcases?\" he asked, not even looking at me. Something told me that I was going to get it later. \"Yes sir.\" Charlie approached me and picked up both of the suitcases no problem, I was surprised that I wouldn't have to drag any of them. I looked at Robert apologetically, and at Mulcahy, for good measure.\"Carry on.\" Robert said quietly. Then he turned around and continued to talk to Mulcahy in army language, saying words that I didn't understand. Charlie propped the door open with his foor, and I held it so that he could pass by. Then I shoved my hands into my pockets, and dug my chin into my collar. I was close to tears. Why does everything happen to me ? Charlie noticed.\"It happens, you know.\" I was surprised that he said anything. Well, if he was offering to listen, I can't refuse that. \"No, not to normal people.\" I spat, not at him, but at myself.\" Normal people don't step a over people's feet while dancing, normal people don't fall off of podiums, normal people don't shout out 'your mom' at obnoxious creeps, normal people don't get caught 'loitering', normal people don't drop suitcases on themselves and then yell 'dammit.' Normal ...\" He cut me off.\"These things do happen, to everyone. You'd be surprised at the things Forbes and I did in the 2nd Massachusetts. You'd be surprised at the things Robert did during the course of his life.\" \"Robert?\" I sniffed. He nodded.\"Did you know that he once dressed up as a woman to a local ball?\" I burst out laughing, I couldn't help myself. Charlie was also smiling at the fond memory.\"No I didn't.\" His smile got bigger.\"Forgot to mention that, did he?\" \"Hard to believe.\" I said. \"Oh yes.\" he said, walking inside the barracks and setting the suitcases on the empty cot.\"You could say that.\" \"What happened?\" I asked. \"The war.\" he said flatly.\"Antietam.\" he sighed.\"It will al go away when the war is over.\" his expression looked so far away, as if he was remembering a forgotten past. I propped myself down on the cot, and that drew him out of his thoughts. He looked down at me and smiled.\"Don't feel to bad, Miss Janiero, everyone has clumsy moments, and graceful ones too.\" I held up my hand.\"Alex, please.\" \"Alex it is then.\" he replied with a smile. \"Thank you, Charlie, you're very nice.\" I said. \"I imagine that all of us could use a few slivers of kindness in such a cruel war.\" he had that distant look again. Then it disappeared.\"We'd better go, unless you feel like getting caught for loitering again.\" he said. \"No.\" I replied.\"Not this time. If Robert catches us he'd probably shoot us this time.\" I grinned.\"Besides, it won't be 'fun' getting caught without Forbes.\" Charlie chuckled and walked to the door. Then he stopped and turned.\"Don't think to bad about Robert, he's a good man.\" then he left. After a minute, I stood up too.\"I won't.\" I mumbled to myself.\"At least I'll try.\" I feel sorry for Alex. I hope that you liked this, guys, review please. Thanks so much! XOXO.[Chapter 10] Beagle Bug: The part about dressing like a woman is historically accurate. The real Robert Shaw actually did that. ;) smartyjonescrzy: *takes a bow* Thank you. lol. I thought that you might enjoy the Charlie part more than anyone else. ;) Shaw died this past Sunday. So sad. I had to see the movie again, and I cried. Anntrell: Yay! I'm glad you're back! I know, it's so sad. I watched the movie too, like at 3am, I am so weird ;D, (I cried though) And then I sang the Star-Spangled Banner loudly and off-key, in the middle of my street at 5 in the morning with my friend, some guy actually told us to shut up. lol. High Queen Crystal: Yay You're back. So glad ur not dead. ;p Hope you had lotsa fun. I did that in front of my mom, 'cept she's not deaf and she heard me. Oh the lecture that followed! Hey! I must warn you that I didn't have much time, so this chapter is random and...weird. Nevertheless, enjoy. I pulled on my jacket and walked out of the officer's barracks and into the snow-mud-puddle covered campgrounds. It was pretty cold, the sky was cloudy and silver, but atleast it wasn't snowing. I walked forward, having no idea where I was going, or why I was even going. I didn't know where Robert was, for all I know he's probably chewing out Forbes as I walk. I pulled the sleek communicator out of my pocket and checked the time. 2:30. I had missed lunch and my stomach was rumbling, but I wouldn't have eaten that rubbish anyway. Oh how I miss school lunches, the good old days of frozen tiny milk cartons, and gooey peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. \"Alex! Aleeex!\" I stopped short and turned around, my hands in my pockets and my shoulders hunched, the navy kepi covering my ears and frosted hair. \"Forbes?\" I squinted. It was Forbes who called my name, he was sprinting toward me, his hat under his arm. \"Alex!\" he sighed breathlessly when he reached me. He leaned over, his hands on his knees. \"Forbes, you need to work out more often.\" I joked. Quiet frankly, so did I, no wonder I'm always close to passing out in Phys. Ed. He looked up at me.\"I need to ask you a favor.\" \"Shoot.\" He frowned,\"What?\" \"I meant, go ahead and tell me what it is.\" it's frustrating when people don't know your futuristic phrases. He beckoned me to follow him, and we walked for several minutes in the snow until we reached the edge of camp, not to far from the gate-shack. He stopped in front of a large grey rock, big enough to sit on. \"I was given orders to wait here until we received orders from Boston. If there even are any orders.\" he said bitterly. I shrugged and leaned on the balls of my feet, hoping I wouldn't fall back.\"So, what am I supposed to do about it.\" Forbes continued,\"But I have to go into town, and...\" he trailed of and looked away. \"You want me to do the 'dirty' work?\" I finished for him. He snapped his head back at me,\"Pardon?\" \"No nothing. You want me to do your job?\" I asked. He twisted and squirmed, racking his brain for an answer.\"Yes.\" he finally sighed.\"Please.\" \"Sure.\" I shrugged.\"And if someone asks? Robert would chop off your head.\" \"He rarely comes here at this time of day, he's busy writing, or reading.\" Forbes held out his arms away from his body.\"And what he doesn't know, can't hurt him.\" Then why do I feel sick to my stomach and slightly dizzy? \" Uh! Forbes, you are horrible.\" He smiled.\"Will you do this for me?\" I arched and eyebrow.\"You want me to babysit a rock?\" \"Mmmhmm.\" he nodded. \"Okay.\" I plopped down on the rock, but it was slippery, and I slid off into the snow, and now my butt feels wet. Forbes restrained a chuckled and pulled me up. \"Alex, thank you! Just sit here until four-thirty, then you can go.\" he said, before jogging off to the stables, probably to get his horse. In a few minutes he was gone. I sat there and waited. And waited. And waited. And just to change the words, I waited some more. I sang songs in my head. I made snowballs with my bare hands and threw them as far as they would go. I took a stick and wrote names in the mud, it took me five minutes to realize that I kept writing Robert. I'm loosing it. I played the cheap games installed in the fancy communicator, and watched the clouds of breath from my mouth. I was officially the boredest person on the planet. I stared up at the sky, until I realized why the holes in my stomach wouldn't go away. I was hungry, and thirsty. I glanced at the communicator, there was still about forty-five minutes until four-thirty, a whole two hours until dinner...excuse me...supper. Then it came to me. I remembered that I had a bottle of Coke from Marty in my bag. Quickly, I got up and ran to the officer's barracks. I pulled out the divine glass bottle of fizzing black liquid and sprinted back to my post. I pulled the metal cap off, and the Coke foamed to the top. I quickly shoved the end of the bottle in my mouth and drank it down, the old fashioned style glass cool on my lips, not that I needed any cool in this forsaken, frozen, muddy, wasteland known as Camp Readville among the locals. Pardon my venting. I felt someone's eyes on my, and I turned around. Far behind me, on the porch of one of the buildings, stood a tall, young, white Union officer. He had strawberry curly hair peeking under his kepi, a thick strawberry mustache, and black eye that were narrowed at me as if I was some dangerous insect, that must be squashed immediately. Just for the fun of it, I glared back at him. His eyes snapped to normal and he looked down at my hands, quickly I hid the Coke bottle behind the big stupid rock. He noticed it. After a few seconds, he turned around and went inside. With a smirk I turned around and continued drinking. \"Nigger get off me!\" I heard Trip's voice behind me. I turned to see him arguing with Thomas again. With an annoyed sigh, I saw Rawlins lead them both away, each hand gripping each privates collar. That was random, I turned back and gasped. That soldier was standing infront of me, with Charlie at his side. \"Um...hello.\" I squeaked. \"You see this?\" the strawberry soldier leaned down and picked up the bottle.\"Drinking! Robert would never stand for that.\" he barked at Charlie. Omigod they think it's beer. Charlie winced. \"Andrews, it's probably a misunderstanding...\" I jumped off the ground.\"It is! I protested. It's not beer!\" Andrews snorted.\"A likely story.\" Charlie looked uncomfortable.\"I doubt this young lady drinks.\" Andrews ignored him.\"What is your name, soldier?\" he shouted at me. \"Dude, chill.\" I slipped.\"You can call me Alex.\" \"I can call you private.\" he snapped. \"Oooh, good one, Andrews.\" I was pushing his buttons. \"It's Leutenant Andrews, Private!\" he barked.\"And don't think I don't know about your stunt with Major Forbes.\" I played dumb.\"What stunt?\" He looked disgusted, Charlie shifted uncomfortably.\"Sir Robert is already aware. Major Forbes is in his office right now.\" I snorted.\"Sir Robert? All of a sudden we're in Camelot?\" He grabbed my arm.\"We will see how amusing Colonel Shaw will find that.\" \"Hey, lemme go!\" I shouted at him, wriggling away. Gosh, such a jerk. \"Andrews, this isn't necessary.\" Charlie began but Andrews ignored him. Andrews plopped me down on the rock and leaned his face into mine. \"Maybe your ears don't work so well.\" I scrunched up my nose, and turned away.\"Yeah, to bad my nose works just fine.\" He growled but Charlie pulled him away, he was higher in rank.\"Proceed lieutenant, we will follow.\" with another growl Andrews stormed off towards Robert's office. Charlie helped me up.\"I'm sorry about him.\" I shrugged.\"What's his problem?\" \"He probably dislikes you because he wanted to be the colonel's aid.\" I looked at him, he was smiling. \"If he wants to do my job, let him be my guest.\" I said, Charlie chuckled. I swallowed. \"Are Forbes and I in trouble?\" Charlie looked appologetic.\"I tried to stop him, but he...\" \"...is a snitch.\" I finished. Charlie pretended to understand what I meant. We finally reached Robert's office, and Charlie pulled the door open for me. Robert was seated at a large wooden desk, papers stacked in a neat pile, and an ink thing with a feather sticking out of it. The half-empty Coke bottle stood in front of him. He looked up when we came inside, and exchanged salutes with Charlie. Forbes was seated next to him, looking like a man on death row. His hair was matted, he sat stiffly, and occasionally sneaked glares at Andrews, who was seated on a chair across from them, looking like he bloody owns the place. Robert went around his desk and crossed his arms.\"Miss Janiero.\" I looked down at my feet. He siighed.\"Do you have something to tell me?\" Forbes was watching me intently. Andrews was smirking. \"No.\" I mumbled. \"Can you tell me what this is?\" he picked up the bottle of Coke and set it back down. \"It's not beer. It's an all-time favorite beverage from the fu-...where I come from.\" I said. Andrews spoke up.\"Sir, what else could it be?\" Robert held up a hand to stop him.\"Lieutenant.\" he muttered, picking up the bottle and bringing it to his lips. He took a sip and set it back down.\"There is no alcohol.\" Congrats, your the first colonel to drink Coke. Andrews looked like he was slapped in the face.\"What?\" \"Lieutenant Andrews, you are excused.\"Robert looked annoyed, as if he had better things to do than be bothered with this. Forbes smirked triumphantly at Andrews.\"Thank you, Captain.\" Charlie nodded and escorted Andrews out of the building. He turned to us again. \"If you ever, ever pull a stunt like that again, I will have you both removed from service.\" Robert spoke through his teeth. \"Yes sir.\" I mumbled. Forbes spoke up.\"Robert-\" \"Is that clear?\" Robert interrupted. Forbes stared at him.\"Transparently.\" he muttered bitterly. Robert turned to me.\"You are excused, Miss Janiero. Report tomorrow at nine-thirty sharp, both you and Major Forbes must take consequences for your actions.\" I mumbled a 'yessir' and left. My knees felt like Jell-o and my teeth chattered. Robert's POV Robert watched her go, standing straight and tall until her wavy-curly head disappeared through the doorway, then he turned to Forbes. \"Forbes? Have you lost you mind? Do you not know that it isn't safe for a woman to be out alone?\" he asked him. \"Robert, there was hardly any danger, if there was, I wouldn't have left her.\" Forbes replied nonchalantly. \"Good God, Major.\" Robert muttered, pulling on his navy blue overcoat.\"I'm retiring.'' He stepped out of the building and walked off to the barracks. Hope you liked this weirdness. Review please. Andrews' a jerk.[Chapter 11] Sorry for the wait guys, went on vacation. So glad you liked the last chapter. Would LOVE your reviews. ;) (who wouldn't) thank you! smartyjonescrzy: I'm glad you thought it was good. Yeah, I feel sorry for the real Robert too, it is so sad, I cried. But thanks 4 the compliments, and again, sry for taking so long. I'll try to have more Robert moments. ;) YarisVamp: Thank you! I'll try to have more Robert moments. Sakura Blossom: Thanks so much it means a lot. Anntrell: Thank you very much! I was afraid to post it because it looked weird to me. ;) Beagle Bug: Thank you! I made Andrews up. ;) I woke up bright and early this morning, with the help of Charlie's shaking me awake. Forbes and he, declared me completely helpless, and decided taking turns on waking me up on time every morning, how courteous of them. I was known to be an extremely heavy sleeper, and even my stepmother claimed that nothing short of an earthquake, tornado, or hurricane could wake me up. But I'm not so fond of natural disasters. During another delicious breakfast of slob and grime, with the pleasant company of Trip and his comrades, with their 'confidence-boosting' jeers, glares from the creepy Andrews across the room, I was glad to see Forbes approach our table, and they silenced themselves immediately. \"Alex.\" Forbes said with a glance at Trip and his staring goons.\"Colonel Shaw wishes to see you in his office immiediatly after you finish your breakfast.\" Acting formal infront of the men. He smiled, nodded at the men, and spun around, and just like that my protection walked off. I resisted the urge to reach for him, call him back and demand that he take me with him and save me from more torment and humiliation. But I didn't. Instead I turned back in my seat, and stared at my plate. The jeering began spontaneously. Trip leaned forward across the table toward me.\"What was that, Twinkle Toes? You think you better than the rest of us 'cause you know the colonel?\" I cringed away from his words.\"Well, what's wrong with that?\" \"Let her be, son.\" Rawlins intervened, but Trip, as usual, ignored him. He was fuelled by the laughing approval of his goons. \"H-he bothering you?\" Jupiter asked me. I blinked at him, seriously, the kid asked dumber questions than I did. Thomas must have noticed that too. \"Of course.\" he said, a bit sharply. Jupiter shut his mouth, and Trip turned his attention to \"Snowflake\" and left me alone. I quickly shoved the last few spoonfuls of gruel in my mouth, cleared my plate, and all but ran out of there, in the direction of \"Bob's\" office. I got there in under two minutes, heaving, my nose and ears red from the biting cold. I stumbled through the doorway so quickly that I ended up falling to my knees in front of surprised Robert's desk. Charlie was standing at one side, and Forbes on the other. Robert stared at me on the ground. That was pretty awkward. After a few seconds of staring at me, looking very amused, Forbes walked across to me and helped me up.\"No need to fall to you knees, Alex.\" he joked in a whisper.\"There is no royalty here. But if you insist, a simple bow at the waist should to, even for Rob.\" he winked and walked away from me with a quiet chuckle. \"Miss Janeiro.\" Robert began, appearing as if he had something 'up his sleeve.' \"As you know, what you and Forbes did was unacceptable, and both of you will take the consequences for your actions.\" I hesitated. \"What kind of consequences?\" there he almost smiled. After giving Forbes kitchen duty, he and Charlie led me out to the 'parade grounds', where the men were practicing drilling. With one, harsh, intimidating Sergeant Major Mulcahy. \"For God's sakes men, you march like a bunch of crippled old goats!\" he shouted at them, marching them back and forth.\"Jesus Christ we're gonna be here day and night 'till we get this right! A one! one! Cooompaaanyyy halt! Abouuut face!\" he ordered, the men's steps clumsily matching the drummer boys' beat rhythm. They marched a few feet and Mulcahy started to yell again.\"You are like ugly Mexican-African fucking whores!\" What a nice thing to say. I was so surprised I drew back into Robert. He calmly put his gloved hands on me and steered me out of his way. It felt tingly.\"Sorry.\" I muttered. He ignored that.\"Go ahead.\" he nodded his head at the marching men. I let out a creepy, historical, crazy, Mad-Hatter laugh when the Red Queen threatened to loose his head. Robert blinked at me.\"What?\" I sobered.\"You're not...you're not serious?\" \"You dare question authority?\" he replied flatly. I wanted to be on his good side, so I nodded and obediently joined the group of marching soldiers. Mulcahy's eyes pierced at me as I joined in.\"We're gonna be here day and night gentlemen. Forward at the half-step. March! One!\" He turned his attention on a grim, mature even, looking Trip in a top hat.\"You half-wit black bastard!\" he shouted.\"Is it true the cut your balls off at birth?\" How lovely. Trip looked straight ahead, gritting his jaw.\"Im gonna work on you until I get you broken.\" Only when Mulcahy walked away to find a new soul to torture, then Trip only gave him an indignant stare. That torturing sould was destined to be Jupiter.\"Cooompaannyy! Halt!\" Mulcahy grabbed Jupiter.\"For God's sakes man do you not know your right from your left?\" Jupiter shuttered.\"N-n-no sir.\" he stammered. Mulcahy set his jaw. \"How many here do not know right from left?\" most of the me raised there hands. Mulcahy looked up the sky in annoyance and exasperation.\"Jesus have pity.\" he muttered. He turned to Jupiter.\" This is your front!\" he smacked Jupiter's chest so hard he staggered back.\" This is your rear!\" he pushed on his back and Jupiter flew forward.\" This is your left!\" Mulcahy ground his heel into poor Jupiter's foot. He winced. \"And this...\" Jupiter quickly raised his right foot out of the way just in time. Mulcahy looked almost impressed. He let go of Jupiter's colar.\" Now you're learnin' boy-o\" Mulcahy left him alone.\"Company! Foooorwaaard! March! One! One! One!\" I saw Jupiter let out a sigh of relief. After about an hour of this torture...er...training, Mulcahy positioned us be ranks and made us shout out a bunch of numbers. The men did as we were told.\"One! Two! One! Two! One!...They shouted with perfect accuracy, except me. They stared expectantly, until I realized that it was me who was being stared at. But I was dumb enough not to pay attention.\"...Er...Two!\" The sergeant's eyes lasered through me.\"Janeiro!\" he roared. I cringed. Mulcahy glared and spun around, marching down the line.\"You bloody Hindus get it right!\" he barked.\"Stop! Start it again! In each rank! Go!\" After about forty-five minutes of this...no adjective fitting enough to describe...we were back to marching again through th slush and ankle-deep puddle. It was freezing, and I dug my chin into my collar bone, trying to block out the biting cold. The jeans and Converse didn't help, the only thing that did was the Union jacket I was given. Worst of all, we were all wet and tired, but no one cared, they didn't want us fainting on the battlefield. The Sergeant's voice droned on.\"Left! Left! Left! Right! Left!\" One of Trip's goons, Jones, I believe, did the mistake of shoving his hands into his pockets. Mulcahy yanked it out.\"For God's sakes man get your damn hand out of your pocket! What's wrong with you soldier?\" Jones looked humiliated. Mulcahy stormed after Thomas.\" Look what we have here, Bonnie Prince Charlie. Are you a gentleman?\" he pried.\"Are you a member of Congress or something? Or are you the bloody prince of Africa?\" That hit the spot, Thomas turned his head at him. Mulcahy grabbed his neck and snapped it back forward.\"Now don't look at me! Look straight ahead!\" Finally we passed the place where the officers gathered around. Apart from everyone, Robert and Forbes stood in front of a fire, Forbes' gloved hands warming up over it. Lucky. Both appeared amused with Mulcahy, but at least Robert was trying to hide it, on Forbes' face it was plain as day. When he saw me, Robert called my name.\"Miss Janeiro!\" I was never happier to have anyone call me before, cute boy or not cute boy. I ran so fast toward the fire I almost slid into it. \"You know,\" Forbes was saying.\"The Irish are not noted for their fondness towards the colordes.\" Robert glanced at me and nodded.\"What about the uniforms?\" Forbes sobered.\"Still no word.\" \"Rifles?\" Forbes shook his head no. \"See to it then, after you finish the second half of your...er...punishment.\" Forbes looked annoyed but said nothing. They saluted and exchanged smiles, before Forbes walked away towards the marching men. Robert bounced slightly, swaying back and forth on his feet to get the much-needed body heat going. Then he turned to me.\"And as for you, my dear, follow me.\" I know that he did not take the name of affection seriously, but for some reason, to me it ment a lot. I thought as I followed him. Aww, he called her dear. ;p lol. Review please. And of course, thanks for reading![Chapter 12] Hey guys! Sorry but I won't be able to update from Monday to Wendnesday, Gone Fishing. Well, it's actually camping, but same difference. Enough about me, enjoy! Beagle Bug: He is a jerk but he's so funny! lol smartyjonesrzy: I wanted to add in the drilling scene, also, as you will soon find out, Robert made both Forbes nd Alex have the same punishments, just not together. You'll see. :) BoosterSeat3: Sorry for the typos. I can't wait to see that picture of Alex. lol, I love the ideas you sent me, they rally help out! Thanks! SakuraBlossom: I know, right? The Irish Sarge was so hilarious in the movie, lol, thanks for reviewing so often, that's so nice of you, and I like Charlie too, he's an adorable person. YaRisVamp: Yeah, it was, but you'll see, sorry for confusing you. My bad! ;) I fidgeted nervously with one of the silver buttons on my Union Army jacket (only the officers had gold ones) as I followed Robert away from the drilling men. Forbes had already joined the squad, and was marching up and down with the rest of the men, trying desperately to stay out of Mulcahy's spotlight. I realized that Robert was taking me to the mess hall. It finally dawned to me. I was about to have kitchen duty also, as if drilling wasn't enough. He lead me through the open door of the giant mess hall, the wooden tables were empty and bare, andseemed to stand silently, missing the noisy atmosphere, waiting for the loud, drilling men to come back and fill their benches. I followed Robert through another door inside of the mess hall, into a kitchen with a generous amount of space. Two men were there, a tall, but round man with a thick, dark brown moustache but no hair, was standing over a mixing pot, smiling cheerfully. The other, a strawberry blonde, saluted when Robert came in. I clicked my tongue, it was Andrews. \"Jerry this is Miss Alexandra Janeiro,\" Robert began, gesturing back at me with his right hand. He turned to me.\"Miss Janeiro, this is our chef, Jerry McCogny.\" The chef gave me a toothy grin.\"Why, hello there Lassie.\" Lassie? \"It's a pleasure.\" I murmured. Robert watched me curiously. \"Lieutenant Andrews you already know.\" he added. I nodded. \"Janiero.\" Andrews growled. \"Lieutenant you will refer to Miss Janeiro with the respectful term 'miss', is that clear?\" Robert eyed Andrews, hands clasped behind his back. Andrews shrunk away. I raised my eyebrows, I was so surprised that Robert had actually stood up for me. It was so sweet. Andrews looked uncomfortable.\"Yes sir!\" Robert leaned into me and whispered.\"I have just given you a slight advantage over the lieutenant, do not abuse it.\" Uh oh, the sweetness is gone. Andrews must have realized that Robert was telling me off, for he couldn't hide his smirk. \"Sure.\" I replied. He smiled, then talked in a tone loud enough for the other two men to hear.\"Good then. Miss Janeiro will spend the remainder of her punishment here, finishing the work that Major Forbes began.\" \"What of the Major, Colonel?\" Jerry the cook asked, clutching a wooden ladle. \"Major Forbes is carrying out the remainder of his punishment, drilling as we speak.\" Robert concluded. I let out a quiet little laugh through my nose, when Robert's eyes snapped to me, I pretended that I was only exhaling, and he looked away. Though with my atrocious acting skills I doubt he bought it. \"I'll leave you to it, gentlemen,\" he nodded at the men, then at me,\"Miss Janeiro.\" \"Yes sir.\" All three of us chorused immediately, with a salute from us, Robert walked out of the kitchen. \"Well Miss Janeiro,\" the Irish-accented cook began,\"are you ready to start?\" \"Call me Alex, please.\" I said.\"And yes, as a matter of fact, I am.\" \"I don't know why the Colonel keeps her around,\" I heard Andrews mutter,\"a woman such as Miss Janeiro could not possibly be useful in an army camp.\" I bit my lip. Well that stung. Seriously, Andrews keeps reminding me of Commodor Norrington. \"Alex, do not flash and obscene gestures, I repeat DO NOT flash the obscene gesture.\" I pep-talked myself. \"Call me Alex.\" I responded, through the lump in my thought. \"I have special orders from the Colonel himself to refer to you as Miss Janeiro.\" he sneered. \"Can you say: Colonel's Pet?\" I muttered, he did not hear me.\"Why are you even here?\" \"I was put here to supervise Major Forbes, and now, unfortunately, you.\" He spat. \"Wow. That's nice. You have it rough.\" I replied sarcastially. \"For I am the Colonel's most trusted Lieutenant.\" he continued. I swear I heard Jerry the Cook snort. \"Sure, you're the right hand jerk on Simba's rock.\" I said quietly. \"Enough chattin' you two, the work's still awaitin'.\" Jerry the Cook shouted. \"Miss Janeiro, there is someone I'd like you to meet.\" he added, reaching around a cabinet and pulling something out. \"Who, where?\" I asked excitedly, looking around the room. He produced the objects from behind his back.\"Mr. Mop,\" he tossed one at me,\"and Mrs. Bucket.\" I caught that too. \"Yippee.\" I muttered. \"Ye'll be washin' the floor in the mess hall, and peelin' potatoes afterward.\" he finished. Andrews looked exited. They must be crazy, that mess hall was HUGE. \"Well what did Forbes do?\" I asked bitterly. \"Major Forbes spent the morning picking off dried molasses from under the mess hall's tables.\" Andrews intervened for the cook. I snorted. I swear this is just like highschool. I spent most of the bloody afternoon washing and srubbing the bloody floor, with a bloody Mr. Mop, and a bloody Mrs. Bucket, under the watchful, yet annoying eye of Liuetenat Andrwes. Every secondmade me hate him more. The second half of the afternoon I spent on the kithen floor, slouching against the brickwall, peepling potatoes with a dull knife andlistening to Jerry the Cook speak of the glory days in the old country, Ireland. When it was time for lunch, whih they call dinner here, I thought that they would finally let me go. But they didn't. Just my luck. Jerry the Cook pulled me off the floor and sent me into the officer's dining room, as a waitress, I was to serve them some good-looking meat and potatoes, waaay better food than what the soldiers got. When I entered that room, all of the officers sat around a long wooden, retangular table with a white linen cloth. Forbes was on Robert's right hand. They were animatedly talking, but silenced and stood when I entered. ommon ourtesy. How sweet. They sat back down, and Forbes looked away, hidniga smile. I served them silently, going around the table, ladleing out their food onto their white china-plates. I served harlie, who smiled at me, then Forbes, who winked, and finally Robert. But my hand grew tired, and I was about to transfer the tray to my other hand, but I missed it, and the roast beef and mashed potatoes came tumbling down right on his spick-and-span navy blue suit. Oh God. Did I tell you how uh I love you and your reviews? Let me say it one more. ;D Review please! XOXO[Chapter 13] Hey guys, Sorry about that, school started. *Gags* How I miss the days of sleeping in. Anyway, I hope you like it. Review plesae. Love ya! BTW, if you want to see a picture of Alex, go to the Bottom of BoosterSeat3's profile, she has a link there for me, she drew it herself. It is sooo good. High Queen Crystal : Yeah, now that you mentioned it, Andrews does sound like a Beckett. :) Beagle Bug: What did Forbes do? I must sound dense but my brain is fried. Like the chicken. Yum. Sakura Blossom: ButI like it when you review, and I do hope that people will write more Glory fanfics too. smartyjonescrzy: Haha, I just thought that of Andrews as a sort of person that \"kisses up to the boss\" and is a Robert wanna be. :) YarisVamp : I know, right? :) Emmallie13 : Thanks a lot, it means a lot. Kickin'it14 : Sorry for the typos, my brain is fried. :) Anntrell: I wish my school had a food fight, lol. BoosterSeat3: I agree. So love your drawing! Outside-Box: Thanks a bunch! Robert's POV Robert closed his deep brown eyes and briefly bit his lip. He opened them again, staring straight ahead as if their weren't more than twenty officers and a quivering girl holding their breaths in the room. The food was staining his starched blue uniform, soaking through the thick cotton cloth. His mother's words came back to him... \"Robert, dear, you need someone to help you, you would loose your head if it wasn't attached to your body.\" Robert snorted in his mind. She had joked, of course, but now, he was afraid that he might loose his head because someone was 'helping' him. Maybe he should have gotten Andrews instead. But when he looked at her, those pretty blue eyes wide with fear, lower lip quivering, his eyes softened and his frustration and annoyance vanished. Suddenly she looked so small to him, so fragile, so scared. He opened his mouth to say something, but before anything could come out, the poor Miss Janeiro's eyes filled with tears, and spilled down here cheeks. She looked at him, than spun around and quickly bolted to the door, knocking off Forbes' cap, and tossing the pot of leftover food in Charlie's lap. \"Robert, I'll...excuse me...\" Forbes murmured. Robert sighed and nodded. Forbes picked up his kepi off the floor and followed out the door after Miss Janeiro. Robert knew that he was good with Alex, they got along well, though he tried to separate them. It was because of his golden \"no fraternization rule\" he told himself. But why did he always feel uncomfortable whenever he saw them together? Why did something always twist in his mind? Secretly, for some odd reason, he wished he could go. No, he wouldn't think about that... Alex's POV I ran away from that horrible disaster, I couldn't stand it anymore. I am a total idiot. Who does that? Right on the colonel! Talk about no respect whatsoever. The tears kept pouring dwn my cheeks like a waterfall. I couldn't stop crying, I ran, slipping occasionally, until I reached my favorite rock-boulder, where I first got in trouble with Forbes, and for 'drinking.' I plopped down on that rock, miraculously not slipping, and crossed my arms. A sob escaped my throat. Oh cry me a river loser, I thought. \"Stop crying!\" I barked at myself.\"Stupid, stupid girl!\" \"How so?\" said a voice behind me. I spun around, my face red and streaked with tears. It, was Forbes, not Robert. \"Oh, it's only you.\" \"Only you?\" he repeated.\"Thank you for making me feel so significant Alex.\" \"That's not what I meant.\" He raised an eyebrow and offered me a sweet crooked smile, plopping down next to me on the rock. What was it doing here? He placed a reassuring hand on my shoulder. \"Do not shed a single tear, my fair maiden, for I, Cabot Forbes, as horrible as it may sound, shall rescue thee.\" He said poetically, adding a snort, and finishing with a laugh. I slugged his arm jokingly, he always made me laugh. We heard the crunch and slosh of the melting snow behind us, and turned around.\"Whatever is so funny?\" Charlie asked, his head cocked to the side, and his hands inside his pockets. Still not Robert. That just made us laugh even more \"I was wondering if you were alright, Miss Jan...er...Alex.\" Aww that's so sweet. \"Yes, thanks.\" I replied.\"I just need to get over it.\" \"Oh, Alex.\" Forbes said, \"we have done much worse than spill food on the colonel.\" Charlie nodded in agreement. \"Like what?\" I asked. \"I see you found her, gentlemen.\" It was Robert this time, decked out in a new starched, identical suit. I stood up, and the three of us saluted to him.\"Sir, I'm...I'm...so sorry...about...that.\" I stuttered. He dismissed it with a wave of his hand.\"Do not bother worrying about it, Miss Janeiro.\" he reached out and took my elbow in his gloved hand. Something tingly shot up my arm as he pulled me up and to his side. But then he let go.\"If you excuse us, gentlemen, Miss Janeiro has some clothing to wash.\"With another salute, he walked off toward his quarters. Apparently I was expected to follow. I smiled at Charlie and Forbes, gosh I wish I had friends like these in the future. The future, how long has it been? Frankly, I didn't miss it. When we reached his place, he pulled out the uniform and led me to the washing room. A barrel filled with hot water and a wash bored. I can't use that! There is no \"Normal Cycle\" on it. Instead, he gave me some powdery thing, and a brush. Yippee, dry cleaning. I began working right there, hoping I wouldn't rub a hole in it. But Robert stopped me.\"Oh no, come with me please, I want you under my supervision.\" \"Whatever you say.\" We went back to his quarters. He sat at his desk, begin to write something with a beautiful quill pen, while I made myself comfortable on the floor, spreading a sheet and putting the dirty uniform on it, and started to brush. I think he hates me. Robert's POV Every so often, Miss Janeiro's hands would tire, and she would stop the swishing sound that came from the brush against the uniform. She was tired, he understood that, and it was dark outside, and it was raining, and she probably wanted to sleep. But whenever that would happen, he would look up from his letter to his mother, and say,\"Keep scrubbing Miss Janeiro.\" And she would mumble a 'Yes Sir' and keep scrubbing. He could not be soft with her. Must not. This was the army. This was war , not a garden party. He needed her to understand that. Good God she probably hated him. Every so often, Robert would look up from his paperwork and watch her work. That cascading long waterfall of dark brown waves tumbling past her shoulders. But when she sensed his gaze and looked up, he would quickly avert his eyes back to his papers. Dear Mother, The men learn very quickly. Faster than white troops it seems to me. They are almost grave and sedate under instruction...and they restrain themselves. But the moment they are dismissed from drill, every tongue is relaxed, and every ivory tooth is visible...and you would not know from the sound of it that this was army camp. They must have had to learn this from long hours of meaningless, and inhumane work...to set their minds free so quickly. It gives them great energy. There is no doubt that we will lave this state as fine a regiment as any that had marched. As Ever, Your Son, Robert. Suddenly Forbes burst into the room, wearing a black rain poncho, dripping on the nodded at Miss Janeiro, who stared at him, bemused, than approached Robert, tossing a document on his desk. Robert knew what it was.\"Please not this.\" he prayed silently. Forbes confirmed it.\"They've done it.\" Robert licked his lips and swallowed. \"Assemble the men.\" I better go sleep, if my eyes get any droopier I'll have to keep them open with toothpicks. :) Please review.[Chapter 14] Next chapter, batter up! Enjoy, and knock yourselves out. :) BoosterSeat3: I know right, I thought it was cute. Beagle Bug: Oh that sucks, I can imagine how gross that must have been. Thanks! Why do so many ppl like Rob's POV more? :) YarisVamp: Haha, brace yourself. ;) SakuraBlossom: I really don't want to, I'm a slave to happy endings. :) I will definetly check out your stories. smartyjonescrzy: Oh good, your back. Good luck with the classes. A lot of people like Robert's POV more, why? :) I must sound dense right now, but who's canon? Is that Rob? Yay for the Smarty Points! :) I wouldn't want to go back either, I love history too, especially the 1800's. :) It did give me the second wind, actually, that's why I'm up typing this in the wee hours, lol. Thanks! Robert sat for a minute at his desk, open and closing his eyes slowly, before abruptly scooting the chair away and standing up. \"You may stay here, Miss Janeiro, there is no need for you to come.\" He said, putting on his suit jacket and hat. \"No, I want to go too.\" I cried, like a little kid begging for candy before dinner. He looked at me, as if debating whether or not to grant my request.\"Miss Janeiro, it's raining, you might catch cold.\" I snorted. \"There is no Tylenol here, 'Miss Janeiro', you're on your own, kiddo.\" I thought to myself. I gave him a standing-you're-ground look. Robert pulled on what looked like a dark-blue, almost black, 1800's version of a rain poncho. He took off his cap and ran a frustrated hand through his thick, soft-looking hair, before placing it back on his head.\"Miss Janeiro, I will not stand here arguing with you. If you would like to come, be my guest.\" he surrendered. \"Thank you, sir.\" I smiled at him and made my way to the door. But he stopped me. \"Miss Janeiro, are you wearing that in the rain?\" he gave me an odd look. I looked at my jeans, navy jacket, and Converse.\"What's wrong with it?\" I was afraid that I looked like the densest person on the planet. I probably was. \"Your jacket won't last a minute without getting soaked.\" He pulled his poncho off and handed it to me. \"Oh, it's okay, you don't have to do that.\" I reached out to hand it back to him. He ignored it, obviously refusing to take it, and instead headed toward his door, and chivalrously held it open for me. \"Aaaaaatentiooooon! Battalion!\" The officers shouted into the thick rain, which poured like a sheet in front of us, dulling the quality of our vision. The men, dressed in scratchy-looking coats and breaches with holes and mud on them stood straight and tall, in line formation, shivering in the cold, the rain drops bouncing off of the brims of their hats. I stood next to a dripping wet Robert, the rain water pouring off of the black hard bill of his cap, like a gutter, water-falling in front of his face. He must have been cold, but he did not shiver. When the troops were finally quieted, and the officers standing in formation to our right, Robert spoke.\"In accordance with President Lincoln's wishes...you men are advised...that the Confederate Congress has issued a proclamation. It reads...\" The men exchanged conused and worried glances, as did the officers, all, save for Forbes, who stood straight ahead, unmoving and unblinking. Hushed mumbles swept through the crowd formation. Robert opened the dripping paper, trying to shield it from the rain drops with his body, and began to read.\"Any negro taken in arms...against the Confederacy...will be immediately returned to a state of slavery.\" The troop looked upset, and who could blame them? Trip was gritting his jaw, nonchalantly. Robert glares down at the sheet of damp paper in his hand, swallows hard, and licks his dry lips, before continuing.\"Any negro taken in Federal uniform...\" I saw Thomas stare hard, I think he was getting it,\"...will be summarily...\" Robert swallows again,\"...put to death.\" Angry whispers sweep through the crowd. Everyone is obviously disgusted by this act of racism. Oh no. How could people do that? I gasp so loud that Robert stops to glance at me, before continuing. I had a feeling that this was just about to get worse.\"Any white officer taken in command of negro troops...\"Robert stops to bounce his eyes from Forbes, to Charlie, to Mulcahy, and to Andrews, then sweeps swiflty down a row of other officers, both young and aging, which I haven't met yet.\"...will be deemed as inciting servile insurrection,\" English please,\"...and shall likewise be put to death.\" You can bet your sweet life I got that part. Forbes slowly turns his head to look at Robert. The two best friends look at each other for a few moment, Forbes's face a stricken, pale shade of his usually peachy skin color. Now it was white, like the sheets in those painful officer's bunks. Robert looked away first.\"Full discharges will be granted in the morning...\"he sighs sadly, worriedly,\"to all those who apply.\" But still, he looks at the soldiers with anxious hope. \"Dismissed!\" he shouts, after which the order is repeated by other officers. Something wrenches in my gut, anger? disgust? pity? This was not the type of early America I imagined. Marty's voice echoes in my brain .\"You know the future, it changes.\" Now that's creepy. He can talk to me through telepathic communication. I shudder. Forbes slowly trudges past Robert, his eyes cast down.\"If you're not...\"Robert's voice breaks a little,\"...here in the morning, I...I...understand.\" How terribly sad. Forbes refuses to meet his eyes, and without answering, embarks to the officer's barracks. Robert sighs and looks up at the sky, tucking the wet paper into his wet, poncho-less suit. Poor guy. The troops shuffle out, through the mud, heading back to their tents. I see Trip pause in front of a stricken, grey Jupiter.\"Sill want that blue suit nigga?\" Jupiter doesn't answer, as Trip walks away, but just stands their, blinking in the rain, staring at nothing in particular. There is a tap on my shoulder. I look up at Robert, who's gazing down at me sadly.\"Miss Janeiro, you must be tired, I insist you retire.\" \"Is this really true? The death thing?\" I ask him, grateful for his poncho that he gave me.\"It's not fair.\" He nods, staring up at the dark, cloudy sky.\"Miss Janeiro, you will soon find out that everything truly is fair in love and war.\" With that, he turns from me, and walks toward his private quarters in the officers' barracks. His shoulders hunched with 'the weight-of-the-world' hair and clothes soaked. I realize how much he cares. And something warms me, despite the cold. Something sweet and lovable about his character. It almost pains me to see him walk away like this. Defeated. Aww, she likes him. Well, I'm gonna hit the sack, if I could just crawl over there, and not fall asleep on my mom's beloved carpet. Toodles. ;) Review please.[Chapter 15] I have been having a little...er...weather problems here, *thanx smarty*. Hope you like this chappy. Enjoy. Beagle Bug: I was thinking about Tom, and I've got the perfect place to put him, I promise, you just wait a few chapters, and you'll get him. :) Special for ya. ;) shadowlacrymossa: Nice avi, yes, I really want a happy ending, I LOVE them. BTW, I'll take a look at your stories later. smartyjonescrzy: Honey, you blew me over with your second wind, lol. That's one of my favorite quotes from GWTW, I love that, Mitchell is a genious. (I thought you would nontice.) BTW I like your Beuller story, very cute. Vote Ferris! The poncho thing was also to demonstrate how much Rob really cares. :) YarisVamp: That's oky, it's still sweet of you to take the time. :) Alex POV I stayed for a moment longer under the thick rain, staring up at the starless sky, before I trudged after Robert, toward the direction of the barracks. When I got inside, I slipped of Robert's dark rain poncho, hanging it on a tall coat hangar by the door. Most of the officers were already inside, some were sitting on their beds, stricken looks on their pale faces, others were standing on their beds, trying to fill in the minor leaks in the wooden roof with torn pieces of dirty rags. I went to my bed, in front of Forbes and across from Charlie, and sat on the bed, pulling of my wet Converse, the stars logo on the side invisible because of a thick layer of fresh mud. Charlie was already asleep, but not Forbes. He was propped on his pillow with his elbow, facing my direction. His usually laughing, dancing eyes looked dead, cold and hard. They seemed to bore right through me, as if I was invisible and he couldn't see me. I turned around to see what he was staring at. It was the sheet separating the officer's barracks with Robert's private quarters, and Forbes's eyes were burning holes in it. I tugged on Forbes's sleeve, trying to rip him out of his trance.\"Are you alright?\" Forbes POV He didn't react. She nudged his arm again, still he refused to react. After a few more tries, she gave up, pulled on those odd-looking shoes of hers, the ones with laces and and stars on the sides, and left her bunk. His eyes followed her as she walked down the long row of bunk beds until she reached the eit door, pulled the cotton flap open, and left the barracks. Forbes was curious as to what she was up to, but he was too upset to pursuit. He would never forget the look on his friends face. He understands? He could not look Rob in the eyes, so he stared at his shoes, like a small child. He must have looked like a coward. He was disgusted with himself. BUt then again, Robert said that he could leave, that he was not here tommorow morning, when they sound the bugle wake up call and raise the Union flag just as the sun ascends into the sky. Then why wasn't he packing this very second? What was he still doing here? Why couldn't he just hit the road? Forbes knew the answer. Because he could not bare the look of betrayal on Rob's face when he woke up in the morning, to find out that his first officer and best friend had vanished without a trace. He wouldn't let him do this alone, Forbes thought as he watched Robert's silhouette walk passed the sheet, shoulders hunched and smoke flowing out of his ivory pipe. As irresponsible and selfish as Forbes thought he was, in truth he valued his best friend slightly more than his own life. Robert's POV Robert was pacing slowly across the room, a habit he never could get rid of. He slowly sucked on his pipe, an act he hoped wouldn't become another stress habit. Robert felt foolish for hoping that the men will stay. Good God, some of his officers were probably having second thoughts. Who in their right minds would stay? Each time he paced past the the cotton flap over his doorway, he would pause and look at it, wondering what his men, and the lady, were thinking, even though he could not see them. He remembered when the idea first came of a colored regiment. How reluctant he was to take this job. He felt selfish after, and occasionally still wondered if he accepted for he good of the men, the Union, or to not let his father down. He hated to disappoint his loving parents. He loved them and respected them deeply. He was not going to abandon. He got this far. It was not his fault what the Confederate Congress decided. He despised the Confederacy with a passion. He knew from the beginning that this was not going to be a tea party, and with each passing day his work was not made any easier. Th only thing that did, however, was Miss Janeiro. Though he would never in a million years admit it out loud. She was odd, no question there, but she was an interesting person, who could have refused the job of Officer's Aide. But she did not. A woman like that must have a strong character, and he admired that. He pushed her out of his mind abruptly, he would not think about that now, must not. He had a crises on his hands, a horrible disaster. He was convinced that his men were deserting by the hour, as he paced restlessly. Alex POV I rushed out of that stuffy building. It was dead as a grave there. The looks in the officer's eyes, so destroyed. Even Andrews's forehead was wrinkled in worry, they cared. I came out to get some fresh air, plopping myself down on my favorite, wet, slippery boulder, hugging myself from the cold, making my longish, frizzy wet hair cover my face like a curtain. I sat like that for about five minutes, getting soaked under the rain, until I heard a voice that made me jump. \"What are ya'll doin' hya honey? You gwine catchu cold. You should no betta than that.\" the voice with a soft Southern accent scolded softly. I looked up to find Mr. Rawlins looking down at me with a sad smile on his wrinkled, weathered face. He was holding a large stick, wearing one of those ponchos, he must have the guard tonight. \"Mr. Rawlins.\" I murmured, standing up and brushing myself off. \"Now honey, Mister Rawlins is my papa, you just go ahead and call me Rawlins.\" he drawled softly. Something about his voice was comforting to me. \"Then you call me Alex.\" I smiled. \"Darlin', I'll call you anything your lil' ole heart desires.\" he grinned, and I grinned back. He had a way of cheering one up, with his calm and soothing tone.\"Now you just tell ole Rawlins what a li'l lady like you is doin' out here all alone in the pourin' cats and dogs.\" I laughed, btu then sobered.\"Everyone's deserting, Robert, er, the colonel, is worried that the offcers are deserting too.\" \"Whooo, honey, nobody's runnin' away, theys' wanna fight, part to avenge themselves, part for their own freedom. Don't you worry that pretty lil' head of yours, chile, you just gwine on back to bed, and I can promise you, that when you wake up tomorrow, each and every one of those rascals will be up at dawn, right there net to the officers, in them shinin' blue suits that Jupiter's all after. You'll see honey, your young colonel will be so surprised, you could knock him down with a feather.\" I had a feeling that he wasn't so sure, that he was just saying this too make me feel better. I hesitated. \"I don't know...\" \"Honey, what is there to know? Nobody knows nothin' on this earth but the sweet Lord. You just trust ole' Rawlins, he been on this old earth a mighty longer time than you have darlin'. You just trust the lord, and he'll deliver.\" he smiled down at me, like father to his little girl. The way he looked at me, made me feel special, like a very precious present. What he said was inspirational, renewed my faith.\"I will.\" I mumbled. \"That's a good honey.\" he chuckled, and patted my wet head.\"Now I'm gwine walk you back to your nice warm bed,\" I snorted,\"so that nothin' or nobody hurts you on the way. Don't you know it's dangerous for a young lady t be out a this time a night?\" he put his hand on my shoulder and steered me in the direction of the barracks. Why do I always type at night? LOL. Review please.[Chapter 16] Chapter...15? Batter up! ;) shadowlacrymossa: Thank you! BTW, I read The Day Sasuke Died, lol, that was good. Glad you liked Rawlins . smartyjonescrzy: Maybe I should tone it down a knotch to make it less hazardous for your lungs. *winks* just teasing. Thank you so much! How do I type? I sit in the back of my Computer class, finish faster than everyone else, and work on my story while the teacher's not looking. :) Jk, lol. Beagle Bug: Yay for babbling! Lol, sounds like someones had a little too much sugar. lol. jk :) Anntrell: I'm glad you like freshman year, lol, I only come to school because of the food. :) jk BoosterSeat3: I will, when it fits. So does this mean you got the pen? ;) Had a serious case of writer's block, didn't know what to right about, did what popped in mind. Robert POV Robert opened his eyes, early morning sunlight just beginning to stream from his window. He blinked a few times, realizing that he was ungracefully sprawled on his bunk, still in his leather boots and collard white shirt. He had been pacing well into the night, finally collapsing and passing out on his bed. His right foot was hanging off the side and his head was pressed tightly up against the wall. The ivory pipe lay on the floor, and he had a feeling his kepi was down there somewhere too. He had to get up, pick it up, and brush it off. But he couldn't bring himself to do it. He was exhausted. He kept closing his eyes, wishing that the sun would go down for a few more hours, but that was impossible. What kind of role model would he be for the troops if he... The troops! Oh no. Robert thought, as his head popped off of the pillow, barely missing the head board. What was he to do with the men gone? the officers? Forbes? What would he become? A one-man army? He moaned inwardly. He didn't want to be the laughing stock of Boston. A colonel who couldn't even keep his own men from running away, just barely after they had begun. But what there worse, how could he look his father in the eyes? He forced himself up on his legs, feeling and probably looking a fright. He glanced at his reflection in the 'looking-glass.' His hair was wild and stuck out in every direction, reminding him of his horse's mane, and his eyes were slightly fatigued. They weren't so droopy, which made Robert glad that he wouldn't have to spend the day prying them open with his fingers. He picked up his coat and brushed it off, following with dark blue cap. He admired it for a moment, the intricate thread work, a gleaming gold color braided on the sides, with a matching bugle stitched in on the front, and the shining black bill, he had to admit, he was proud of it. But not proud of the fact that both suit coat and hat were wet. He groaned and muttered, stepping up to his big wooden chest full of almost identical looking outfits, and searched for his other suit and kepi. He was in no hurry to see his deserted quad. All he wanted right now was coffee. Alex POV When I had woken up a few minutes before, (getting used to rising with the sun), I noticed that most of the officers were not in the quarters. I turned to the side. Forbes was not there either, his bunk was made up, the sheets and blanket tucked in neatly under the pillow. I was impressed that he could make up a bed better than I did, but not with the fact that he had deserted. It made me so angry. How could he do that? How could he just run away and leave his best friend all alone? Me all alone? Who does that? That big chicken! I was still fuming as I pulled on my Converse and jacket, muttering quietly to myself and attracting strange glances from the remaining officers. Andrews chickened out too, ha! At least we still got Mulcahy, I thought, as I watched him reprimand to young sargeants. I felt a tap on my shoulder and turned around. It was Charlie. He didn't run away. I was so happy I almost hugged him, but dropped my arms at the last second because I was afraid of how that might look.\"You didn't leave!\" I exclaimed. He smiled shyly.\"Nobody-.\" \"Forbes! How could he? You are obviously a braver person than he is.\" I carried on stupidly. Later I wished I wasn't this deluded.\"And Rawlins told me no body's going anywhere, oh sure.\" \"Rawlins? You mean the-\" I cut poor Charlie off again. \"Forbes is such a coward! A big chicken! A-\" Charlie stopped me. \"He's right here.\" he said, but I was looking for someone to vent out my own stress, and the perfect target at the moment seemed to be Forbes. \"Never mind about that-wait, what?\" I frowned. \"I didn't know that you feel that way about me, Ale, a 'big chicken', that's original.\" I swear I almost fainted. I wished that the floor opened up and swallowed me. But it didn't. I slowly turned around, my eyes closed in embarrassment. That really cooled my jets. Slowly, I opened them. Forbes was smirking down at me, through the cigarless corner of his mouth. His eyes were full of laughter, dancing again. I slapped a hand over my big fat mouth. \"I'm such and idiot.\" my hand muffled my speech. Forbes laughed.\"Well, darling , I won't argue with you about that .\" He winked and I knew that he was just kidding, that he didn't mind my foolish tongue-lashing. \"I'm glad you woke up by yourself this time, I was coming here to do just that.\" They each put a hand on one of my shoulders and steered me out of the barracks, into the golden, triumphant sunrise. \"Are they gone?\" I asked. \"Who? The soldiers?\" Forbes played dumb, just to annoy me. \"No, the horses. Stop it Forbes.\" I joked. He grinned.\"Each man has been accounted for.\" My jaw dropped to the muddy growned. I snapped it shut. \"No!\" I murmured in disbelief. Forbes rolled his eyes.\"That's exactly what I thought. Look for yourself.\" And I did, the men were all standing straight in formation, and so were the officers. One man was blowing a bugle and four others were raising the star-spangled banner, it's red and white stripes bathing in the fiery-gold sunrise as it ascended. It was a very inspiring moment. Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take, but by the moments that take your breath away. Robert POV Robert's feet felt like lead as he trudged through the barracks with a sinking feeling in his stomach. At the end of the doorway he could see Forbes, with his usual relaxed posture, and Miss Janeiro's smaller frame next too him.\"Thank God.\" he whispered. Forbes had not left him, he wouldn't have to go through this alone. He had finally found a fresh suit, and was buttoning up the double row of gold buttons, weaving them through the button holes on the cloth. When he got closer, her aised his eyebrows at Forbes, who had a cigar in his mouth, he'd have to tell him not to do that, and Miss Janeiro, who looked almost gleeful, barely able to contain herself. He stopped in the doorway, pausing to button up to more shiny buttons. \"Good morning, Major.\" he said softly, then nodded.\"Miss Janeiro.\" When Forbes noticed him, he quickly spit the cigar out, and squashed it with the heal of his boot. Miss Janeiro stood up straighter, and Forbes saluted.\"Sir! Formed and ready! Sir!\" he shouted. Robert was surprised, talk about enthusiasim. \"How many are left?\" Robert asked meakly, bracing himself for the titanic impact of disapointment. But Forbes smiled slightly, in a sneaky way, or perhaps he just imagined it? His eyes jumped to Miss Janeiro, who was biting her lower lip, perhaps to keep it from curling up? Robert squinted, buttoned up, another button, and stepped out of the doorway. He must go look for himself since it was obvious that he wasn't getting an answer from those two. Stepping out into the sunrise, he squinted, but when his eyes adjusted, he could see all of the men, \"formed-and-ready\" along with the offiers. His friend Charlie beaming out him. Robert glowed on the inside as his officers erupted with a loud-n-proud,\"ATTENTION!\" Robert felt wobbly with surprise, the impact was strong, but it was far from disapointment. \"Glory Hallelujah.\" he murmured, finishing the last button. Though he did not know it, the look in his eyes took a certain lady's breath away. My back hurts from stiff typing. Lol. Review please.[Chapter 17] My mom's at the hospital, about to have a baby! Eeek! Not even joking. BoosterSeat3: Haha, I did that with Cowboy Casanova. Lol, we laughed so hard we fell off the couch. :) Can't wait to see Rob! shadowlacrymossa: It was pretty good. You should write more! Thank you. Beagle Bug: Sounds like you could use some chocolate. ;) smartyjonescrzy: Yeah, I know she passed away. That's sad. I love that movie, and everyone keeps dying. :( I think the only ones that might be left are, Prissy, (Butterfly McQueen), and the little boy who played Beau. I LOVED your music videos, both of them. awesome job, so sad that I teared up a little. Thanks for adding me! I feel like I won an Emmy! lol YarisVamp: Thanks so much! Lucky! Mine was like...fifteen days ago. Alex POV When Robert finally dismissed the troops to breakfast, his voice wavering slightly by an octave as he shouted the order, no doubt from surprise, pride, and simply joy, he all but collapsed against one of the wooden posts of the officers' barracks. He must have thought he was alone, for he relaxed and loosened up a little, dropping his shoulders. I watched as he took off that adorable blue kepi of his and ran a hand through his thick, soft hair. Again he let out a grateful, though exhausted sigh, exhaling deeply as though someone had lifted a dark, stressful ton off of his broad shoulders.\"Glory Hallelujah.\" he murmured again in a soft whisper. I cleared my throat.\"Sir?\" I squeaked pathetically, taking a tentative step toward him. Robert looked startled slightly, for he propelled himself off of the wall-post straightened him shoulders from his just-slouching position, and yanked the kepi back over his head sharply.\"Ahem.\" he fake-coughed, then turned to face me.\"Yes, what can I do for you, Miss Janeiro?\" he asked. A huge bucket of Ghiradelli chocolate from San Francisco would definatly help. Instead I said,\"I'm your aide, I'm here to help you .\" He beckoned for me to follow him, a longish ways from the barracks, on the east-front side of the camp, where a large wooden building with a straw-covered roof stood. When we got closer, the sharp smell of a mixture of hay and manure stung my nostrils, and I quickly plugged my nose. Though Robert was too mature to do what I was doing, I noticed that he too started to breath through his mouth instead. From inside, I could here the loud laughter of men, and neighing. \"These are the stables.\" He said matter-of-factly, with a sweeping gesture towards the large, hole-filled building. \"Thank you, I never would have guessed.\" I joked, but he gave me a look that showed that he clearly was not amused. Fail. He cleared his throat. \"Ladies first.\" He replied, with a slightly sarcastic and over-exaggerated sweep of his arm. I laughed; perhaps maybe Boy Scout did have sense of humor. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw him with the tiniest of smiles on his lips; he looked almost pleased with himself. We entered the stables, and I immediately froze in wonder, so sharply, that Robert almost ran into me. There was a long row of stable stalls, at least ten of them, filled with huge, strong horses, whinnying in high pitched snorts, their large black hooves beating on the hay-covered ground, beating the straw flat. They tossed their long, silky manes side to side, their tight muscles stretching across their powerful chests and shoulders. They were all taller than me. \"Wow!\" I stared like a little kid on her first trip to the Monteray Bay Aquarium. It was amzing how beautiful the horses were. Robert cocked his head at me.\"Miss Janeiro, from afar, one might even say that you have never ridden a horse before, not even as a child.\" I snorted. That's an understatement. Robert chivalrously ignored the 'lady-like' noise thought just erupted from my nose, and touched my arm slightly, just enough for a big mental reaction on my part, and led me down the row of horses. I walked ahead, and saw Trip, Thomas, Rawlins, Jupiter, and a small boy shoveling hay. I guess it was their tent's turn to do the dirty work. I smiled at Rawlins, who beamed back in \" I-told-you-so\" smile. When Trip saw me, he opened his mouth in a \" I-have-a-comment-sharp-enough-to-cut-you-to-ribbons \" way. How heart-warming. But he immediately snapped in shut when he saw Robert walking behind me. When Thomas saw him, he smiled.\"Hello, Robert!\" Robert only nodded, as if he hadn't known Thomas since the day he started walking.\"Private.\" Thomas's jaw dropped. Robert only walked on, until he reached the end of the stables, and stopped in front of a powerful, magnificent, brown horse. It was a beautiful animal, the perfect symbol of strength and indomitable spirit. Wow. Robert placed his gloved hand on it's head, and gently combed his fingers through it's mane. He spoke softly to it's ear, barely audible, so quiet I couldn't make out the words. He turned to me. \"This is Glory.\" he murmured, affectionately scratching it behind the ears. What a perfectly suitable name.\"She's beautiful.\" I whispered in awe. He looked at me.\"Oh no, it's a he.\" I was intrigued, but too scared to touch it, Glory was so much bigger than me, he wa beautiful but still intimidating. Robert noticed my hesitation. \"Go ahead, it's alright.\" Robert's POV Robert was extremely proud of his horse, Glory, he had ridden him since his mid-teens and into manhood. He especially remembered warm summer nights when he and Forbes were just teenagers, and would race through the back roads of the hilly countryside less than a mile from Boston, Forbes' on his own horse, Nelson, and they would gallop to an open field, make a camp fire, and took about their futures, and hopes and dreams of joining the army. Sometimes they would even take Thomas or Charlie. He sighed out of his trance, and glanced at Miss Janeiro. There was a rare mixture of fear and admiration in her blue eyes, the ones that reminded him of the sea, as she gazed at Glory. She reached out to touch him, hesitated, and let her hand drop at her side. Robert's brown eyes softened.\"Go ahead, it's alright.\" he coaxed. She bit her lip, and slowly reached out again, but stopped halfway from the Glory's back. Then Robert did something he never would have guessed that he would ever do. He did what some would consider bold, for he reached out and took her hand in his own, black-leather-gloved-one, and put her hand on Glory's smooth brown back, and covered her hand with his own. Something tingled in his palm, but he refused to remove it. He wondered why he was acting like this? It was not like him to do so. Still, he did not move, and neither did she. He turned to look at her, only to find her gazing back. Her head was cocked, and her eyes sparkled under black, sooty eyelashes. Neither said a word, they were lost in their own little world. Until the bugle sounded. They both jumped as Thomas and the other men, whom Robert did not recognize, quickly jogged out of the stables and into the courtyard. It was drilling time. With a little self-control and no finesse, Robert removed his hand from hers, and awkwardly rubbed the back of his neck with it. She looked away, and was it his imagination, or did she blush? \"I...uh...the drill...I best go supervise the men's progress.\" Robert told himself to stop acting like a fool, since when was he this 'articulate'? Miss Janeiro nodded, avoiding his eyes.\"Yeah, er, alright.\" \"You're welcome to stay, or follow me.\" he cocked his head at the door. She nodded, as he robotically turned and left, biting his lip. Didn't know Rob's horses' real name, so made it up. Review please![Chapter 18] Hey guys, trying not to get caught on fanfiction, lol. Review please. Enjoy! Beagle Bug: Who doesn't? lol, it's a boy. BoosterSeat3: I'm psychic and control your play-list. lol High Queen Crystal: Oh yes, glad you're back. :) I too, must return to the evil world of homework. Kids in my high school call it Alcatraz. smartyjonescrzy: It was written with you in mind. :) I just knew you'd love it. Weird, I was actually thinking of having Alex ride that beautiful horse. (So lucky you have horses!) I live in the suburbs, where it's boring. You know, in Providence and Boston, they have these little perfume stores, and they sell horse manure perfume bottles there, and hamburgers, fresh cut grass, etc... YaRisVamp: Haha, I know right. :) meggieleigh: Hi Meggie, thanks for reviewing. :) BTW, if you click on fanfiction story search, and type in \"Robert Shaw glory\" more stories will show up, (they were just in the misc. movies category.) Summer903: Sure :) shadowlacrymossa: Your wish is my command. lol Anntrell: I would write a book, but the Glory copy-right won't let me. :) lol, Tanks so much for the compliment. Alex POV I watch him go, his boots making crunching sounds in the blonde hay. I put my hand on Glory's head and gently scratch behind his ear. He snorts as my fingers travel down his neck and to his back. I pat it. That was pretty awkward with Robert. Awkward in a \"tummy-tingle\" way. The way he looked at me, and the way that he spoke to me. I'm just like a bubbling school-girl with a childish crush on a college senior. I was a little disgusted with myself. \"Oh, Glory, Glory...\" I sing-songed softly to him, leaning my forehead against his long neck.\"What am I supposed to do?\" Stupid Girl! Stupid Girl! Stupid Girl! The horse only blinked at me, before moving it's head away from my face. I looked around his stall, when my eyes landed on a bucket in the corner. Inside were at least six different kinds of brushes. Being the total \"genius\" and \"horse-know-it-all\" that I am, I stared at the 'thingy' that looked to me like you would use it for hair. I picked it up and ran it through Glory's silky black mane. He seemed to enjoy that, for he snorted and brought his head closer to my hand. Encouraged, I picked up another brush; it was thick and flat, about the size of my hand in length, and a strap in the middle of it. I had seen people in movies brush the shining coat of the horses with it, so I slipped it on. Getting braver, I ran the brush through Glory's mud-brown coat. I brushed his back, I brushed his stomach, and I brushed his side. He snorted and I smiled, he seemed to enjoy it. In between brush strokes, my mind tiredly, yet increasingly annoyingly, kept jumping back to Robert. I felt butterflies. Not the sickly dizzying ones that dwell in the pit of your stomach and make you want to double over and vomit, but the stubbornly annoying kind, that made you flush with meaningless excitement. I glanced back over my shoulder to the door. It was a longs way down, and it looked cold out side, though the sun was shining. Robert told me I could stay here, or come with him. I looked back again. It was tempting. Robert POV Robert stood on the porch-like walk-way that each and ever wooden building in the camp had, bouncing slightly on the heels of his feet to try to stay warm. His calculating brown eyes were watching the men jog back and forth, examining them intently. He was glad that they sent him Mulcahy. The sergeant was powerful, strong, and unmoving, like a mountain, showing no emotion and did not seem to mind belittling the men. Perhaps his attitude was over the top, too harsh for Robert's taste, but as long as he could teach the men properly, Robert would allow him to act so. \"Hi.\" Someone said. Robert turned slightly. It was Miss Janeiro. Hi? She looked cold, her breath came out in little clouds of fog, but her blue eyes were bright, as usual. \"The stables are warmer, you know.\" he replied nonchalantly, as if her being here or there made absolutely no difference to him whatsoever. She eyed him A few moments they pass in silence, until Robert feels her electric blue eyes piercing his body. Something about the way she is doing that makes him feel uncomfortable and he keeps clearing his throat. Apparently, she notices, since she begins to speak. \"What's that?\" she asks him curiously, but not rudely. \"What's what?\" he murmurs, looking back at her. \"This,\" she reached up and tugs gently at his collar, her fingers accidentaly graze against the bare skin of his neck, and he freezes. Miss Janeiro must have noticed since she quickly retracted her hand, \"that cut on your neck.\" Robert's leather-gloved hand immediately flies up to his throat, his fingers gently tracing the small scar on his neck.\"Antietam.\" he answers gravely. \"How did it happen?\" she asks softly. He glances down at her small frame. Her eyes are full of sympathy. \"Sharp scraps of cannon ball shell.\" he replies. She nods.\"Did you loose anyone?\" The horrible memory of his comrade's head exploding in front of him, his blood and tissue staining Robert's back-then-captain suit, some of it landing on his cheek as he buried his head in his arms, his saber sticking straight out. His comrade's last haunting cry,\"For God's sakes come on!\" still echoed in his brain. Robert shouted for Charlie and Forbes, hoping, praying that at least they were alive. They were. After another cannonball exploding barely thirty feet away from him, Robert could not take it anymore. It was not what he expected. But what did he expect? It wsa war. Robert fell to the ground next a sadly dead man, covering his head with his arms. He was terrified. He could not breath, he could not think, and he could not move. He just lay their, biting his lip and trying to block the sounds of exploding cannons that were forever imprinted on his mind. He closed his eyes. feeling the blood trickle down his neck. His kepi flew off somewhere, but he didn't care about it. He just lay in the grass and thought about his family, until he passed out, and was later awoken by that old black man with the kind eyes that was now in his regiment. The memories were too painful. So all he could offer Miss Janeiro in response was a nod that he could barely muster, the lump in his throat was that strong. Older men start wars, but it is the younger men who fight and die for them. He felt a hand on his arm. Robert glanced down. Obviously it was Miss Janeiro. She removed it quickly, but Robert wouldn't have cared if she left it. For once he would not have reprimanded her for it. It was nice to have a touch of understanding sympathy in a brutal war, like a splash of color on a white canvas. They watched the drilling together in silence, the the awkward tension was obvious to both, as Mulcahy jogged along-side the troops and shouted,\"One-two-one-two-three!,\" in a steady cadence. Finally he shouted,\"ComPAAANNIIIEEEEE! HAAAAAlt!\" The troops looked exhausted for running nonstop for so long. Robert even pitied them. He noticed the older man, the one that he saw at Antietam, the grave-digger, was leaning on his knees, trying to stand tall, breathing heavily. The whole squad looked about read to colapse, Thomas did. The other men ignored him, sputtering and coughing in the dust, they were too busy trying to keep themselves up. When Mulcahy saw Thomas on the ground, he dashed towards him at the speed of light.\"You're not dismissed boy-o! Get up!\" Thomas's gasping voice was muffled, but Robert was sure that he meant,\"Yes sir!\" Mulcahy bent to his face.\"I said get up!\" Thomas nodded, gasping and wheezing. \"You fall out when I say and not before!\" Mulcahy added, up in Thomas's face. Thomas made a move to do so but collapsed into himself instead. Mulcahy was outraged. He kicked Thomas in the side, and Thomas doubled over in pain.\"I said GET UP!\" Robert couldn't take it anymore. He was his friend for God's sakes. \"Sergeant Mulcahy!\" Alex POV I felt sorry for Robert. War is not a pretty sight. And to do what he did, what so many men were doing right now, well, that takes guts. I felt sorry for Thomas too, being molested by an angry Irish sergeant was not a pretty picture either. I did no envy the guy. Robert's pretty es weer sharp and alert as he examined the scenario, and he shouted Mulcahy's name. The swears and coughing was silenced, and Mulcahy straightened and quickly made his way over to us. He stood tall, jaw set, and eyes hard. He reminded me of a giant grizzly bear, as he seemed to glare down at Robert, but then I realized, he wasn't glaring, it was just the way he was. Nevertheless, Mulcahy looked intimidating, and I noticed that Robert was trying to keep from chewing on his lip. \"At ease, sergeant.\" Robert allowed. Mulcahy spread his feet apart, and clasped his hands behind his back, his eyes had not softened. \"I have no doubt,\" Robert swallowed here,\"that you are a fair man, Mulcahy...\" It was obvious that he was trying to soften the angles. Mulcahy stood tall an unmoving, like a mountain. That was obviously not the reaction Robert was hoping for, but he continued anyway,\"but wonder if you are treating the men too hard.\" Mulcahy seemed to be biting his tongue, trying hard not to say anything out of line. Behind us, I saw Andrews dismiss the troops to lunch, and stoop down on his knee to see if Thomas was alright. Thomas nodded, got up and followed the men out. \"You disagree?\" Robert was saying, when I turned my attention back to them. By Mulcahy's stern expression, you would have thought that the roles were reversed, that it was not Robert higher i rank, but the sergeant.\"You may speak freely.\" Finally, Mulcahy looked down at Robert, square in the eye, seeming to tower over us. Robert looked like he was forcing himself not to look down at his shoes.\"The boy's your friend is he?\" Mulcahy finally said, sharply. Robert nodded.\"We grew up together, yes.\" Mulcahy leaned in closer as if to tell him a wee secret.\"Let him grow up some more.\" Ouch. Really, that burned. Even for me. Though I barely know Thomas. Robert looked like a school boy reprimanded in front of his classmates, and his eyes sneaked a glance, embarrasadly, in my direction. He mustered a nod. \"Will that be all , sir?\" Mulcahy sounded annoyed, and like he was late for something. \"Yes, thank you.\" Robert mumbled, saluting him,\"Dismissed.\" Mulcahy saluted back, without even bothering a glance in my direction, turned on his heel, and marched off without another word. Thanks! Review please! Sorry for grammar.[Chapter 19] Hey guys, sorry for the long wait. Not only was school and homework slowing me down, but so was writer's block. Forgive me. ;) I just sat down and typed this all out, making it up as I go. Hope it's not too bad. I'm a little...proud of myself. Lol. Enjoy! shadowlacrymossa: Lol, your wish is my command. (; BeagleBug: Yeah, I know, it was super sad. :( I even kinda feel sorry for the Confederates too, they had different beliefs but they were still people. Sad. otose: Lol Thanks so much! Yeah, Matt is adorable there. ;) Anntrell: Sorry for not replying on the previous chapter, or did I? But still thank you so much! :D meggieleigh: You're totally welcome, I'm glad you liked the horse part. CCPhantom: Thanks for reviewing! When I watched it, they didn't even have a category for glory. I was so sad, lol. YarisVamp: Aww, thank you, that ment a lot, that's exactly how I feel about reviews. :) I'm sorry about your bad day, but a friend once told me *No matter how bad your day was, the next one will always be better* ;) Pyrena Pheonix TheFireGoddess : LoL! I LOVE this movie too. I saw it in history and I'm like \"Dad! You HAVE to get this movie, you'll love it!\" lol. smartyjonescrzy: I would be stressing too, I mean, war is really scary, no matter how old you are, but especially if you're young. Ah! A body brush! *Smacks forehead* it seems like such an obvious name. Lol. Thanks, I can GUARENTEE that I will need your horse expertice? spelled right? in the near future. Haha, that is funny, but at our school, Fanfiction is blocked, so it's even harder to get on, lol, my \"techno-geek\" friends have actually figured out how to unblock it, and they do it for me all the time, lol, we are so bad. ;) Ash: Lol, I'm FAR from done. Brace yourself. Charlie POV Charlie groaned as he opened his eyes. He was so sore he couldn't move. He didn't want to move. The squeaky, hard cot he slept on totalled his back. He didn't feel like getting up this morning. He never did. But he always dragged himself out of bed anyway and didn't stop feeling so low until his traditional morning cup of coffee. He turned his head to look at the two neat rows of cots around him. The officers were still sleeping, snoring loudly, all save for Miss Janeiro, who also snored, but not in the repulse, nasal way, but rather in sweet, angelic little wuffles. She too, was still asleep, curled up into a ball under one of her own standard, ridiculously thin army blankets. Charlie flipped to his side. Andrews was also awake, staring at Charlie, blinking occasionally. Charlie quickly flipped on to his other side to avoid any awkward conversation with the man. Apparently, Andrews did not get the message. \"Sir?\" Charlie groaned inwardly.\"Yes, Lieutenant?\" \"Do you not agree that Miss Janeiro does not belong here?\" he asked. Charlie was shocked. Was that all the man ever thought about? He was going to drown in his envy.\"Go back to sleep, Lieutenant.\" \"But sir,\" he protested, the captain quickly cut him off. \"That's an order .\" Charlie whispered sternly. It was too early for this, and he wanted to sleep. Their disagreement must have been loud, but Charlie would never imagine that it was loud enough to wake Miss Janeiro up. It was barely above a whisper, and she was well known among the officers for her to sleep through the bugle call, expertly leaving Robert out of the loop. Though Charlie would never be able to understand how she could sleep in the cot next to Forbes's. The man could snore . Miss Janeiro, or Alex , as she insisted on being called, stretched from her position and lifted her head. She blinked several times as she looked around the room, her eyes slowly getting used to being opened. Silver light filtered through the cracks in the wall here and there, indicating that the sun was just beginning to rise outside. Charlie guessed that they had about forty-five minutes left of sleep, and he wasn't wasting anymore time. Today was going to be a long day. He closed his eyes and flipped on to his stomach to go back to sleep. He listened to Alex's hushed movements as she climbed out of bed. Charlie listened to her put on her odd-looking shoes, the ones with the stars on the ankles. He wondered where she had gotten them. He never seen anything like those before. He listened to her leave, whisper-singing a strange tune, a song he never heard of. \"I can't help myself...I'm addicted to a life of material...It's some kind of joke...I'm obsessively opposed to the typical!\" Charlie frowned in his drowsiness. What song was that? It sounded short and choppy, nothing like the flowy, opera-like music he was used to. Charlie thought about going after her, but sleep fogged his mind and caved in. Alex POV I was surprised with myself this morning, as I stepped out into the silver light of the rising sun, not gold like yesterday's rise, the glow that matched Robert's eyes. I was surprised to be in an incredibly decent mood, and at six A.M. too! I admit that I was far from a morning person, but today I felt like one. Despite the horrible disaster on my head, a lump of oily, unbrushed, flat waves. It felt like I hadn't washed my hair in ages, though it couldn't have been more than a week. I barely had time in the day, and had to rise early, (simply an impossible task for me), when I needed to wash it again. I hated the process. I didn't exactly have any Pantene on me at the moment, obviously, and was stuck with using this weird, soapy-smelling 1800's version of shampoo. I liked Pantene better. I walked over to a barrel that was filled with ice cold water, it was just barely higher than my waist. I dipped my hand in it, and quickly yanked it back out. It was freezing, and guess who's head was going in it? Yours truly. Slowly, I put my hair into the ice cold water, sliding the hair strands a fraction of an inch at a time. Then I took a deep breath and dunked my whole head in. That was a mistake. The icy water pierced my skin and I quickly yanked it out of the water, the pain throbbing in my head, talk about brain freeze. Well. at least the worst was done, I thought cheerfully, pouring the thick, creamy 'shampoo' on my head and massaging it in. I decided to sing, (off-key as usual), quietly to somehow get my mind off of the cold, and shivers that raked through my body. I always sang in the shower and this was no different.\"Fame, doin' it for the fame...'cause we wanna live the life...Of the rich and famous...Fame, doin' it for the fame...'cause we gotta taste for champagne...And endless fortune...\" Lady Gaga was the first thing to enter my mind. Robert POV Robert straightened his woolen navy blue jacket and looked in the mirror. His mother always told him that he was the most handsomest young man in Boston, as he examined his tired brown eyes in his reflection in the mirror. His mother would probably say he was handsome even if he had a wart the size of a silver dollar on his forehead. He placed his cap securely on his head. There wasn't much of a difference. Robert wondered, who was he 'dressing' up for? Robert knew the answer. The troops, of course, to look more responsible. He snorted at the pathetic lie to himself. No, that was not it. He wondered why, as he yanked the kepi off his head and raked a hand through his thick, soft, brown hair in frustration, before placing it back on his head where it belonged. He took one last glance at his reflection in the mirror, throwing the dark blue, cape-like cloak over his shoulders as he left the room. He was up a little early and he needed coffee. Robert thought, as he made his way through the barracks full of sleeping, snoring officers, especially Forbes. Robert smiled in amusement at Forbes spread out on his cot, making frightful noises that were barely muffled by his pillow. It was when he stepped out of the barracks that he heard something else. It was singing. Or at least it sounded like it was supposed to be. It sounded more like a chant, and as he turned a corner around one of the buildings, he realized it was Miss Janeiro, washing her hair in one of the washing barrels. \"All we care about is...runway models, Cadillacs and liquor bottles...Give me something, I wanna be...Retro glamour, Hollywood, yes we live for the...\" she was singing, gingerly washing out the lye soap from her hair. Robert stayed out of view and listened in shock and amazement. He wondered what a runway model was, perhaps a model for a ship, or a locomotive, but a runway ? It was beyond him. What in the world was a Cadillac? Retro glamour? He had heard his sisters use the term \"glamour\" more than once, especially Susanna, ever since they were old enough to go to balls. Who was Hollywood? Liquor bottles, he definitely knew what those were. He listened silently with interest, hidden behind a wooden wall of the barracks as she continued.\"I...can...see...myself in the movies...With my picture in the city lights! Photograph my mind...and whatever else you'd like to shoot...You decide!\" Robert's jaw dropped. Movies? What was moving? He was proud of himself that he knew what a photograph was. Shooting? Women were talking about guns and war too? \"All we care about is...Pornographic girls on film and body plastic...Give me something...I wanna see television and hot blondes in odd positions\" Robert almost fainted. He had an idea where she learned the chant from. It must have been off of the Boston docks, many sailors were there, they were always deluded from spending too much time at sea, and always spoke in \"ghastly language\" as his father put it. But then Miss Janeiro exploded.\"Fame, doin' it for the fame! 'Cause we wanna live the life of the rich and famous! Fame, doin' it for the fame 'cause we gotta taste for champagne and endless fortune!\" It was so sudden that Robert jumped and stumbled around the corner, catching and himself against the wall. Miss Janeiro saw him and froze, her hair dripping tears of icy water back in the barrel, forming small ripples on its surface. Robert was embarrassed to be caught listening to her, and by the looks of it, she was too. She took a step backwards as he steadied himself. But something happened, she slipped and fell head first in the large dark icy barrel, past her waist. Robert panicked. He knew that that must have felt like falling through thin ice. He rushed to her, shouting her name.\"Ale-\", even in this moment he caught himself,\"-Miss Janeiro!\" Alex POV It happened so fast, first I was staring at Robert's bewildered face, the next thing I knew I was somersaulting into the dark, chilling barrel. A little over half of my body was inside, and I believe that I actually touched the bottom with my face. I couldn't tell if I was right or not because I was too numb. Numb to everything but the pain. The cold teared at my skin and I couldn't breath, I couldn't scream, and my brain wasn't working enough to command my body to push itself out of the water. I couldn't think about anything but the pain. It coursed like fire, burning my body with icy flames. Then I heard someone calling my name from far away. Strong arms wrapped around my waist and pulled me out of the water. I must have been under the water for less than ten seconds, but to me it felt like an eternity. Robert still held on to me, as I shivered violently and gasped wildly in his arms. All I could think of was how cold I was, and I leaned into him taking in deep breaths of the blessed air. It was freezing, and tt didn't help that it was less than fifty degrees and cloudy outside. \"Miss Janeiro, are you alright?\" he asked calmly, yet somehow urgently, as his concerned eyes searched my face. Surprisingly I didn't feel embarrassed by my latest episode, I was enjoying it too much in his arms, but I nodded for him. He released me, and pulled off his cloak, wrapping me with it, vigorously rubbing my upper arms to get the heat going. He took hold of both of my hands and huffed his warm breath on them, rubbing them also. Then he took hold of me again, and led me into the barracks. When we entered, most of the officers were already gone, though some were still there, making their beds and and staring blankly at us. Robert ignored them as he led me into his quarters. \"We have to get you warmed up,\" he sat me down on his cot, then turned to find another blanket,\"or you might get a cold, or worse, fever.\" Robert said the word 'fever' as if he were talking about the plague, or something as serious and deadly as cancer or AIDS. Then I rememberd, of course it was deadly, Tylenol, etc, weren't invented yet! I thought in shock. The blanket was light brown and kind of soft as he draped it over my shoulders, when he was done, he stood back and looked at me, his beautiful brown eyes troubled and deep in thought. \"I'll be right back.\" he murmured. Robert POV Robert was worried. The short November days were quickly turning into even shorter December ones, and the temperature was dropping just as fast. He could easily guess what Miss Janeiro was feeling, he too, had once fell into water that cold, maybe even colder, on the winter he turned seventeen. He was sick the next day, though extremely lucky for not getting fever. He shuddered, as he searched for Andrews. The man had been attending Yale for almost a year, practicing medicine, until the war started, and he was forced to stay home. He didn't know as much as a professional, but he was still handy to have around. Robert found him in the courtyard, chatting with Forbes, loitering. But Robert dismissed. As he approached, both men silenced and saluted him. Robert made his salute quick and irritated.\"Leutenant Andrews.\" Andrews stood straight.\"Sir!\" \"Miss Janeiro fell into a barrel of ice water, and I believe she is in shock, and perhaps in danger of getting fever.\" Robert explained in one breath. Forbes's mouth opened in a perfect O, and his eyebrows were so high up a little more and they would reach his hairline. But Andrews looked almost a little smug. Robert glared slightly and gritted his teeth. Andrews wiped the look clean off his face and replaced it with one of professional concern.\"Are her clothes soaked?\" he asked. Robert struggled not to roll his eyes at the obvious question.\"Yes.\" \"I see.\" Andrews murmured.\"How is she feeling?\" Robert pursed his lips in impatience.\"Please come see her.\" \"Yes, sir.\" Andrews muttered, his head bowed, heading in the direction of the barracks. Forbes followed also, out of thick curiosity for the well-being of his friend. Alex POV I looked up as Andrews walked into the room, kneeling in front of me. He didn't say a word at first, until he checked my pulse.\"How are you feeling?\" he asked begrudgingly. \"F-fine.\" I mumbled, as Robert and Forbes came into the room. Andrews didn't look convinced. But I was fine, just frozen, and a little embarrassed, no need to make a huge fuss out of me. Forbes stayed out of the way, no doubt trying to keep his amused expression hidden from Robert. \"She needs to change into different clothes.\" Andrews told Robert and Forbes. The men blushed, except for Forbes, who let out a laughing snort. Robert's liquid brown eyes froze as he flashed Forbes a hard, reprimanding look. Forbes sobered. \"And some hot coffee would do her good.\" Andrews added. Robert gave a short nod and looked at Forbes. \"Forbes?\" Forbes gave a quick nod and left the room. I stood up and walked out of Robert's quarters into the barracks. I immediately noticed a small black sack on my bed. Frowning, I went over to it and opened it. Inside was a fresh new outfit, exactly the same as the wet one I was currently wearing, complete with a uniform jacket and a new pair of Converse. There was also a note, written on lined paper and folded twice. I could feel Robert and Andrews' eyes on me as I pulled it out and read it. I had a feeling you would need it today. ;) -Marty I bit down a smile and picked up the duffel bag. Robert and Andrews' stepped out of Robert's quarters to let me change. When I was done, Robert ordered me to stay inside, (handing me another blanket), until my hair was dry and I was warm. It was pretty sweet, I could tell he was genuinely concerned. Then they left. I sat on Robert's cot, examining the room. He kept it pretty tidy, which was more than I could say for my own room back home. Across the room, papers atop his desk were stacked in boyishly organized piles, a delicate feather-quill in an inkwell rested in its designated spot on the corner of his cherry-wood desk, a large Shakespeare volume lay on his night stand, opened past the middle, a satin-red bookmark placed carefully between the unevenly cut pages. I always had a hard time reading Shakespeare in school, I thought as I heard someone shuffle in. I looked up to find Forbes standing beside me, handing me a hot cup of black coffee. I took it from him, tasting it. It was super bitter. I made a face that sent Forbes laughing. \"Alright,\" he sighed, when he was done.\"Are you going to tell me what really happened.\" his eyes sparkled in playful amusement. My own eyes twitched.\"Nothing to tell. I just fell in.\" \"You just fell in ?\" he repeated. I nodded.\"How?\" he pressed. I cheeks turned red and as hot as the cup of coffee I was holding. That only made Forbes more interested.\"Tell.\" he commanded. \"I...noticed Robert and I...well...sort of tripped...and fell...in.\" I mumbled, avoiding his eyes. \"Into a barrel of water that is about half your height?\" he whispered. I looked at him, and noticed that his whisper was from laughing and talking at the same time. \"Yeah.\" I said slowly. He cocked his head.\"How is that possible? It's not even eight o'clock yet and you've already managed to stir up our highest-ranking officers.\" He winked at my responding glare. \"I...don't know.\" Forbes let out his breath and started laughing as he stood up to leave.\"Janeiro, if we had you as a secret weapon, we could rule the world!\" he let out another roar.\"I noticed Trouble has a hopeless attraction to you.\" he winked. I moaned in embarrasment.\"Go away.\" He was making me realize how embarrasing the fall in front of Robert was. Forbes threw his head back and laughed as he stepped out of the room, the happy sound of it ringing through the barracks. My back is stiff, and my stomach is demanding to be fed. Review please, Ciao.[Chapter 20] Sorry for taking so long, guys. My Computer Lit. class is under new management. The teacher makes it hard not to get caught. He can see your screen on his computer. (But my friends foun out how to freeze your screen on his computer, and be able to go anywhere you want on yours.) Ha! It's hilarious. My computer class is the future generation of online convicts. *Shakes head.* Well, enough about me, I'm not that interesting. High Queen Crystal : I see you're more of the rock type. What about ACDC, Muse, Green Day? That's just me. :P Typical thing for Alex to do. *Rolls eyes.* Beagle Bug: Uh, Alex just can't help it. :) Did you win you're homecoming game? We did. shadowlacrymossa: I know, right! I totally see him as Norrington, both are so snobby it hilarious. Lmao. BTW, I checked out your story, Way of the Alcheimist, and I liked your humor. Lol, it's actually pretty funny, my favorite chapter was the first one. I think it would have been more relatable to me it I knew the what the Alcheimist was, (I know, I know, I live under a rock, but whatever), keep up the good work. ;) YarisVamp: Ohemgee, I would have LOVED to see his face. ;) otose: \"I shall scream into the world, from the top of someplace very high.\" hehe, sorry, i'm such a kid, quoting the movie Cars . But I can not even begin to describe how excited I am to read your story. I, SpanishSunrise, solemly *is that how you spell that? probably not, oh well* swear to review every single chapter of your story. When will you write it? I can't wait. You'll get so much reviews, trust me, Glory's becoming super popular. Tell me when you'll post it and what it will be called so I can advertise it on here. lol. I an't wait. Good luck. PS: The 'inspiration\" thing ment a lot to me. :) snartyjonescrzy: I was kind of bumbed out about them not including Will B. in the movie. He sounded like SUCH an awesome guy in the book. BTW, I don't know if I mentioned this, but I think your avitar is really cute. :) I used the song \"The Fame\" by Lady Gaga. I think country songs are really cool (For me it's Uncle Cracker, and maybe Carrie Underwood. :) but I chose this pop song because it was really...er...racy, unlike your typical country song, which actually has a meaning to it. (Atleast most of the time.) ;) BoosterSeat3: Lol, I don't know, heck, he's from the future, maybe they have teleporters and pills that can make you temperarily invisible. ;) lol. Yeah, I'm in WAY over my head with highschool, that doesn't help your Robert picture. Howz it going, btw? School drives me crazy! Argh! Hehe. Sorry. K: Hey! I guess it must have showed the date wrong, because the last time I updated was two weeks ago. (October 14, 2010.) Lol. Robert's POV Robert's eyes wandered restlessly around his room, jumping from object to object, examining every dull surface, determined not to make eye contact with Miss Janeiro. He had stared at her long enough, so long that he was afraid she was beginning to feel uncomfortable. He was worried about her, he admitted to himself silently, feeling like somebody's overprotective mother. Though it's been over an hour since she fell, her hair slightly damp, drying longer in the clammy winter air, he still felt the need to ask her, over and over, if she was feeling alright. It was like he didn't believe her. It was annoying, and not to mention extremely rude. He felt like a fool, as he asked once more. \"Miss Janeiro, no need to act brave, are you alright?\" he asked, not knowing what to do with his hands, fidgeting and finally putting them to rest behind his back. He ducked his head slightly, waiting for her reaction. There was no answer. Robert looked up, and saw that she was biting her lip to keep from smiling.\"Yeah, I'm fine, thanks.\" Then she laughed, a sparkling, musical sound, like diamonds clinking together, her cheeks reddening slightly. Rob cleared his throat, not returning the smile, and nodded.\"That's...good.\" he murmured lamely, not knowing what else to say. Another brief, yet still awkward, silence past, before she spoke again.\"Can I go now?\" she jerked her head back towards the doorway, seemingly itching to get out there and into the fresh, fever-threatening, cold air.\"Besides, you probably have work for me to do anyway, so, yeah...\" Such strange manner of speaking. Robert nodded again, at a loss of what else to do, and dismissed her.\"Of course, Miss Janeiro, perhaps Major Forbes might have something for you to do.\" Miss Janeiro smiled once more, lingering in the doorway, before dissolving out into the barracks. Robert watched her go, turning away once she was out of sight, and approaching his desk. He collapsed into it, not bothering to take his kepi off, or unbutton his collar for that matter. He was trying to occupy himself, and having a hard time with it too. No matter where he began, his thoughts kept tracing back to Miss Janeiro. Robert never had any trouble writing back home, but now he had to cut his letter to his mother off short, afraid that he would write something about Miss Janeiro in it. He knew how his mother would get. He did not even want to remind himself of how his mother felt about Miss Annie Haggerty. Still feels. He finally just gave in. His favorite thing to think about was her eyes. So intense a shade of blue that they were almost violet. The way her hair falls every which way. It was nothing like he'd seen back home, where most of the ladies had their hair up so tightly and securely, it must have felt uncomfortable. Robert pitied them immensely. And the way she fit so perfectly into his arms, like they were designed...no. Highly inappropriate. Extremely. Robert cleared his confused and foggy mind, trying to make himself useful. No sense in sitting around, daydreaming. Wasn't \"no loitering\" one of his own rules? What kind of colonel could he possibly be if he couldn't even follow his own rules? How shamefully pathetic. Robert reached across his desk, still dead-set determined to do something productive, and grabbed the pile of envelopes stacked crookedly on a corner of his desk. They had been delivered earlier this morning, and Forbes must have put them there while Robert was busy hauling Miss Janeiro out of a deep barrel. Robert grunted. Were those really necessary? He calmly picked the first letter, a telegram marked 'URGENT', slicing the yellowed envelope open with a small, dagger-like paperknife that he kept in one of his drawers. The letter was addressed to Colonel Robert Gould Shaw, Commander of the Fifty-Fourth Infantry of Massachusetts, in uneven, press-printed, black letters. Robert leaned forward, his intelligent brown eyes glaring holes in the paper as his mind registered what this was all about. He gritted his teeth, surprising himself with the pressure of his anger, as he forcefully scanned through the rest of the letter. It always annoyed him, though he often did it himself, how people could use up an entire paper of courteous words, dancing around the edges before finally getting to the point. Which usually took up less than a few sentences. A paragraph, at the very most. He shoved the paper away from him, slamming it into the inkwell, catching it before it fell over and spilled India Blue all over his desk. Almost impossible to wash off. Robert's head felt heavy as he held it in his hand, like a giant stone with a brain, clenching and unclenching his teeth, trying to keep his mind off the string of curses and profanities that threatened to overtake his mind. He blocked them out, struggling to keep his composure, never straying from acting like a gentleman. Even when he was alone. It was half an hour later, when Charlie found him like this. Charlie POV \"Robert, Sir?\" he approached carefully, trying not to startle the man. His efforts were in vain. Robert jerked slightly anyway at the sound of his footsteps. He looked up, disoriented, the sides of his forehead pink from where his palms had been pressing it in place. He blinked a few times, as if pulling himself out of deep thoughts and coming back to the bright, present world around him. Charlie watched as Robert registered his surroundings, pulling himself together. Dazed, he never failed to salute. \"What time is it, Charlie?\" he asked groggily, pulling the kepi off and raking a hand through his thick hair. He adjusted the cap back on his head, and blinked at the captain. Charlie pulled out his grandfather's silver heirloom pocket watch.\"Half past noon, sir.\" Robert nodded gravely, sending a menacing glare at some piece of tan paper strewn carelessly across his desk. \"Robert, what happened?\" Charlie asked his friend, approaching the table and picking up the slip of paper. \"They've done it again.\" Robert growled, his voice sour with heavy acid. Charlie cocked his head to the side.\"What is it?\" Robert shifted his smoldering gaze from the paper to Charlie.\"Here.\" he passed the formal letter. Charlie took it from him, his thoughtful eyes scanning across the page quickly.\"What are we going to do?\" he asked softly.\"The men won't stand for this.\" Robert's head was in his hands again.\"I don't know.\" he murmured, snapping his head up. Robert exhaled deeply, loudly, exhausted.\"Apparently the Massachusetts Military Board doesn't agree with us. Manual Labor.\" he snorted bitterly, his voice dripping with heavy disgust.\"They're worth more than that.\" Charlie nodded in agreement. He didn't know what to say to reassure his friend, but he had to try.\"The telegram stated that the possibilities of the troops being able to fight is little. That doesn't mean they won't, Robert.\" Robert nodded gravely, rising from his chair.\"What have you come to tell me about, Captain?\" \"Ah.\" Charlie exclaimed, suddenly remembering.\"The rifles arrived this morning.\" he grinned. Why would a regiment need rifles if they weren't going to fight? Robert realized that too; picking up his log book.\"See to it then; that all are distributed properly.\" Under trained . Rob snorted. Once he was through teaching them, they'll be professional snipers. All of them. No one would ever dare call them under trained.\"Get Major Forbes on it immediately.\" The corner of Charlie's mouth quirked up in a small smile.\"Company A is already armed and training.\" Robert stopped short in the doorway, turning slightly to look back at Charles. \"Good.\" Alex POV I pulled the dark blue coat tightly around my torso, trying to limit access for the biting, frosty air. I didn't even tuck in my collar, letting it stand and build a short wall around my neck, like a scarf. As I rounded the corner, I heard roaring laughter, and the loud, excited voices of chorusing soldiers. In the distance, I could see a large group of men, both officers and soldiers, crowded eagerly around a large wooden crate. When I got closer, Rawlins and Trip were just popping the cap off with two metal crowbars. Though with the much effort it took, 'popping' would not be the word I would use next time. They dropped the lid on the icy ground, kicking it out of the way, and removed the cheap, light blue cotton that was covering the object on the surface. Rawlins pulled it away, bundleing it up and pushing it at Trip, who looked annoyed to have to be the one to dispose of it, and glanced down at the objects in the crate. The men's faces glowed with delight. I moved closer to see what it was; having to stand on my tippy toes and jump around like a bloody idiot to see over the mens' broad backs. Bundles of shiny rifles gleamed back at me. Even the officers stared. I smiled. Though anybody could tell that I didn't really want one, they still looked pretty cool. I saw Charlie jog up to Rawlins with a notebook, tapping him on the shoulder.\"Distribute arms.\" he ordered with a salute. Rawlins saluted back, pulling out the first one, just as Charlie took his position a few feet away from him, flipping through the book. Rawlins examined the first one with glee.\".57 Caliber, Enfield Rifle-Musket.\" As if I knew what that ment. I stare at him as if he just spoke in Pig-Latin. \"Sharts!\" Charlie shouts off of his list. Jupiter rubs his hands together in anticipation as he approaches Rawlins. \"Can you handle that boy?\" Rawlins grins, as the weapon exchanges hands. Jupiter holds it as if it's made of diamonds.\"I can knock somethin' down with this.\" he laughs. He walks away, closing one eye and pretending to aim at things. The next person in line, Trip, shivering in his holey hunter green coat and wrinkled top hat, shifted his weight from foot to foot. \"Trip!\" Rawlins shouts, handing him the gun. Trip looked like he was trying hard to restrain himself from yanking the rifle out from the old man's hands.\"My, my.\" he whispered, then whistled loudly as he turned to go. I folded my arms, leaning on one of the fragile-looking wooden posts that held up the roof over the wooden walkway outside the building, watching each of the men's reaction. It was all the same, mostly. The excited gleam of glee in their eyes, the ridiculous way they held their rifles, as if they were made of glass, the loud whistles of impressed approval. I wouldn't be surprised if the next crate of muskets started getting catcalls. I'll never be able to understand men. Frankly, I just don't get what all the drama is about. It's just a bunch of stupid guns. I watched some of the men pretend to shoot each other, then fall to the ground in a large, theatrical death. It was like playtime with toy guns. Cowboys and Indians, Cops and Robbers, whatever. I guess you have to possess the Y chromosome to be able to understand and appreciate what all the fuss is about. I sighed. \"You dare spend your time loitering again, Miss Janeiro?\" A dripping, mocking voice asked behind me. I jumped, twisting around. Forbes grinned back at me. I smacked his arm. He pretended to wince.\"Must you do that?\" I asked. I almost believed it was Robert, or worse, Andrews. He chuckled.\"You're reaction fascinate me.\" He winked. \"What is all this?\" I asked, gesturing at Charlie and Rawlins, who were still passing out rifles. Forbes whistled in admiration.\"Ah, the .57 Caliber Enfield Rifle Musket.\" I swear his eyes got far away and dreamy looking. I groaned and rolled my eyes. He sobered.\"What?\" he asked innocently. \"Nothing.\" I muttered.\"Never mind.\" He switched his cigar to the opposite corner of his mouth, then decided against it, spitting it out and stamping it out with his shiny shoe. Then he pulled a silver pocket watch out of his blue wool coat. He stared at it for a moment, then grimaced and put it back.\"Time to drill.\" he murmured. \"What?\" I asked, frowning in confusion.\"I thought officers didn't have to drill.\" Forbes rolled his dark blue eyes.\"Not for me .\" he muttered. I could hear the unspoken word. Stupid. Charlie was done now, approaching us.\"Hello.\" he smiled. \"Charlie, please gather the men.\" Forbes cocked his head towards the still \"fighting-and-dieing\" soldiers with rifles. \"Yes, of course.\" Charlie said. He smiled at me again, then walked away. \"You're so bossy.\" I teased. Forbes smirked. Then lept off the wooden walkway and strolled towards an open field. He stopped after a few steps, and turned.\"Alex! Are you coming?\" I jumped off too, miraculously not falling and twisting an ankle. I jogged to his side.\"Where?\" \"Teach them how to aim and fire.\" he said it in a tone like he was stating the obvious. He turned towards the field again, walking in long strides that made me have to struggle to keep up. Robert POV Robert walked across the wooden walkway slowly, his head buried in a leather logbook. It was a checkbook for all the supplies that they had and/or needed. Rifles, check. Food, check. Uniforms, blank. Shoes, blank. Robert sighed. Sometimes he felt just plain horrible. The letter he got today didn't help much either. It burned in the front pocket of his thick, blue coat, feeling like it was scorching through his skin. \"Robert!\" he recognized Thomas's thick, intelligent voice, and he snapped his head up. \"Finally.\" The man was wrapped tight in a scratchy-looking blanket, and his breath was fogging up his round spectacles. Robert stared at him. \"There's a rumor going around.\" Thomas swallowed.\"That we're to be used only for manual labor.\" Robert was astonished at how gossip spreads like wildfire, even among men. He always that it was a female hobby. Thomas continued.\"I can't believe the things we hear.\" Robert couldn't meet his eyes. He looked back down at his logbook. He could feel the burning from the telegram now more than ever. \"That's not true, is it?\" Thomas licked his already chapped lips.\"About not being allowed to fight?\" The guilt was overwhelming. \"The men are living for that day.\" Thoma smiled. Robert's mouth felt full of sawdust. \"I know I am.\" he boasted, his smile widening into a grin. \"Cluck. Cluck. Cluck. Cluck.\" Another man in a top hat made chicken noises, making fun of Thomas. Robert shifter his brown-eyed glare to him. Jamming his tongue in his cheek. He watched the man walk away. \"Trip.\" Thomas muttered. Calmly turning back to face Robert.\"Don't mind him. He's just ignorant.\" But Robert's mind was already someplace else. Men were pretending to shoot at each other. Screaming war cries and having a faux battle. Robert watched the imitation, unamused; furrowing his brow. Finally he had enough. He held up a hand to his childhood friend.\"Excuse me.\" Robert got closer. The way the men fell down, pretending to be dead, made his stomach twist into knots. It was all very familiar. September 17, 1862. That horrible battle in Maryland. Blood everywhere. Guns and canons. Smoke so thick you could barely see a few feet in ahead of you. Hoping you will survive. Wishing you were anywhere, on any continent of the globe, except here. That was Antietam. \"For God's sakes come on!\" Then it exploded. Eh. I'm passing out. Look what you have done to me! School! *Shakes fist in air.* Er...Excuse me. ;) Review please. Hopefully this is in character. :) XOXO Ta![Chapter 21] Hey Guys! Ugh, my back is sore and my keyboard sucks. :) Homework is my worst nightmare. I actually have dreams bout doing complicated math equations in my sleep. Haha, scary I know. One Request: One of the reviewers, otose, has posted a new Glory story with her friend RavenLyon, it's called \"Re-writing History\" Take a look at it when you get the chance. Tell 'em what you think. It's pretty good. and of course, if I don't get a chance to say so later... HAPPY THANKSGIVING! Samantha: I can understand using a dress in the 1800's, but it would be extremely difficult to do the things she is doing in a difficult-to-move dress. Hoops and corsets, and rifles and regiments don't mix. ) Kristen: Thanks for reviewing. I'm so glad you like this story. But the \"older men start wars thing\" belongs to Herbert Hoover I believe, but the canvas thing is mine. ;) I'm flattered. I throw in my own twists and turns, but I was following the movie because it has a fabulous plot, I think it goes well. ;) Hehe, it wasn't a bucket. A barral is actually pretty big and kind deep. Thanks again! :) I belive BoosterSeat3 might hve a soundtrack. Heard somebody (was it her?) talking about it. You could always rip it off of youtube. Hope I helped. :) otose: I know I haven't mentioned this in my review to you guys, but thanks so much for dedicating it to me, I'm flattered, really, nothing's been dedicated to me before. :) When will you update again? :) Beagle Bug: Haha, yes we are SUCH computer hackers. :) I really, really don't want to kill him in the end, I always cry. :( Anntrell: Haha, I can sympathize, my keyboard is wireless, and it's not very nice to me. shadowlacrymossa: You graduated? Cool! Oh yeah, rub it in. Haha. High Queen Crystal: Grr, yo're making me hungry lol. XD. Awaitingyour thoughts on this next chapter... YarisVamp: Actually, I think Native Americans inventd dodgeball as training for war. Haha, not sure tho. ;) smartyjonescrzy: Once again, LOVED, the videos you uploaded. I was actually planning on using the song later in the story. Haha. Ur a mind reader. :) On the edge of my seat, waiting to hear your thoughts about this chappie...:) BoosterSeat3: It is most definitely a rumor, I can assure you of that. Haha. Good luck to you, and all us highschoolers out there. ;) Alex POV I let out a soft yelp and ducked behind Forbes as the glass bottle exploded, even though it was more than fifteen yards away. It was unexpected. Forbes looked away from his small, shiny telescope, and over his shoulder at me. He laughs.\"Don't be so afraid, Alex, it's only a bit of glass.\" I stick my tongue out at him. He throws his head back and laughs again. Jupiter looks proud of himself. The guy has perfect aim. Rawlins trades him muskets and Jupiter fires again. The bottle shatters, spraying crystal raindrops on the icy mud. The shards of glass glitter rainbow like diamonds, on the frozen earth.\"Good shot.\" Charlie says from behind me, his voice heavy with admiration. Rawlins grins, he too, impressed.\"Do that again, boy! Do that again!\" Jupiter smiles triumphantly, yet ducks his head modestly. The men shout excitedly all around him, I see that even Trip looks impressed. Rawlins hits Thomas' arm briskly, to get his attention.\"Give him your weapon, c'mon.\" Thomas quickly complies, he seems excited to see if it wasn't just 'Beginner's Luck.' Though it was clear he wasn't a beginner. More like a sniper. Jupiter picks up the gun, taking his time with slow, steady aim. The loud, slightly nasal voice of one of Trip's goons, Jones, splits his concentration.\"One dime he can't do it!\" Rawlins jumps at the sound of money. It seems to wake him up better then coffee.\"Dime?\" he repeats, his eyes glaze over. \"Yeah! Dime!\" at least three more men take Jones's side. \"Ha!\" Rawlins laughs, pointing down at the men, lined up in a crooked row.\"That's a dime on each of you!\" Jupiter just can't stop grinning. Forbes smiles with a corner of his mouth, position his telescope back over his eye. Even Charlie looks excited. \"I feel guilty,\" I hear Rawlins say to the soldiers betting against him,\"for taking your money like this.\" \"That's a bet.\" Jones says, leaning forward to get a better, prescise look at the poor bottle. \"Go on boy, c'mon. Go ahead Sharts.\" Rawlins roots in a whisper. Talk about 'no pressure.' His words echo throughout the group of men, even Charlie mutters words of encouragement. The men hold their breaths. Jupiter closes on eye, takes a deep breath, and hold the gun steady. His finger is taut on the trigger, he waits a beat, then pulls. The bullet, though invisible to us, soars through the air, flying over the yards and coliding with the clear glass bottle. It snaps and shatters to pieces, glittering to the ground. The weapon jerks back in Jupiter's hands, and as the sooty smoke clears from the barrel, the men explode. Rawlins actually jumps up.\"HAAAAAA!\" he shouts, slapping Jupiter on the back, who raises his rifle in the air like an Indian warrior.\"That's a dime! That's a dime on each of you!\" The losers slump their shoulders, looking everywhere except at Rawlins and Jupiter.\"I ain't got my wallet on me.\" One of them says. Forbes smirks. \"Don't ya worry, I won't forgets.\" Rawlins laughs happily, pretending to rub his hands together like a tax collector. Forbes and Charlie are smiling at the carefree laughter of the men, something rare in an army camp, watching Jupiter shake his weapon in the air like a trophy. Charlie whistles. Jones grits his teeth.\"Double or nothin'!\" Rawlins doesn't hear him, he's on cloud nine. Jupiter flashes a self-congratulatory smile. Grinning, I look back at Forbes, but his smile has vanished. He's suddenly dead serious, his eyes set in the mist at the end of the field by the camp's buildings. He's shuffling rapidly, shoving the telescope into a pocket inside his coat. He straightens up his hat.\"Attention, company!\" Despite his shout, the men don't seem to hear him, they keep laughing and arguing, loud and disorganized. It takes me a moment, but then I see him too. Robert was approaching us, his hands clasped behind his back, and his expression none too happy. Forbes shouts to 'attention' once again, this time his voice much more harsh and urgent. This time the men do notice him, for they scramble desperately into position. But it's too late. Robert already saw our so-called \"training.\" Robert walks past the stunned men, the air of leadership that surrounds him filters through the group of men, looking more like a crowd than a military formation. They try to stand up straighter, and in order. Robert notices this. He nods at both officers and soldiers, going to stand in front and center. He salutes all at once. \"As you were.\" Robert POV Robert stood in front, so that all can see him. His eyes are narrowed, the corners of his mouth twist into a frown. He's disappointed in everything and everyone. It made him angry, like a disapproving parent, how these grown men could just waste time acting like children. Firing weapons at empty wine bottles, once-owned by Forbes no doubt, shattering them into sharp fragments that could one day cut somebody. Did they not realize that a rifle was not a toy? They were not ten year old boys wrapped up in a game of Cowboys and Indians. Robert gritted his teeth. And what was Forbes doing? His best friend, the man he ordered to train them? Encouraging it! Thank God for Sergeant Mulcahy, or where would this regiment be. Robert was aware that the chances of the troops actually being aloud to fight were extremely low, but he had to prepare them. He said that he would get these men ready, and he will . There is no sense in not being prepared. Men were dying by the thousands, and one day they might be needed. He remembered what his father once told him. \"Failing to prepare, was preparing to fail.\" He never believed this more in his life than he did now. He singled out the Bottle-Shooter. The boy seemed to realize Robert was looking at him, and he tensed ever-so-slightly. Robert's right hand snapped up in a commanding salute. The young man saluted back timidly. When Robert addressed him, he spoke loudly an clearly.\"Front and center!\" Let's see what you can do. Jupiter POV Jupiter, along with all of the other men, stood tall, straight and silent, trying to resemble a mountain, as Colonel Shaw, narrowing his eyes, inspected the troops, a corner of his mouth twisting in disapproval. When the Colonel's attention zeroed in on Sharts, he stiffened a little, trying not to wince. He examined him for a second, and Jupiter felt a bit awkward under his smoldering vision. Colonel Shaw called him to the front. Jupiter hesitated yet once again. The colonel gritted his teeth and put a hand on his back, gently guiding him to the front, propelling him forward.\"Youre a good shot, Private.\" That loosened Sharts up. He beamed at him.\"Thankee sir, s-squirrel hunting.\" Leaning towards the man with his gun, absentmindedly. The white man gives a short, quick nod, like he's only half-listening. His gloved hand reaches up and his fingers circle around the barrel of Jupiter's gun, nonchalantly leaning it away from his face.\"Have you ever killed a man?\" he asks, his tone testy, dangerous like thin ice. Sharts' face turns black, he can't understand what the man could possibly want from him.\"N-no sir.\" he sputters, like he always does. Colonel Shaw's tone is still prying, unbelieving.\"But you're handy with a gun?\" Something he is sure of, Jupiter speaks,\"Yes, sir\" Sharts grins again, the colonel does not. Colonel Shaw only nods, looking upset, as if Jupiter wasn't meeting his standards.\"Reload.\" he orders. Jupiter struggles to deliver. Robert POV Robert twists and untwists his frowns, biting and releasing his ower lip, a habit he did often. It makes his stomach wrench at the sight of the private, loading so slow. Finally he can't bare to look at him without screaming orders, so he looks away. He was gentlemen and there was still a lady present. Instead, he examines the rest of the men, if he has to go through each and every one of them, teaching them how to shoot from scratch, so be it he'll do it. He kept having to remind himself, that thanks to his 'responsible' friend, Major Forbes, they were not at fault. Someone has to teach them properly. If you want something done, make your friends do it; if you want something done right , then you must do it yourself. His eyes ripple through the crowd, Forbes couldn't even line them up properly, his eyes flashing from face to unshaven face, lingering on Miss Janeiro's, shooting a glare at Forbes, skipping Charlie entirely. What was taking the man so long to shoot? Surely he had reloaded by now. Robert dared turn back to the private. He wasn't done. He was taking his sweet time. He had barely dug the packet of gun powder out of his pocket.\"Faster.\" Robert says flatly, calmly. Jupiter works the rifle barrel with a metal pusher, shoving down gun powder out a packet, padding it down to the deep end. Robert shakes his head. Too slow.\"Faster.\" There is a sharp edge to his voice this time. It's obvious that the private is really trying, Robert almost pities him, but it's not good enough. Robert doesn't even attempt to control his flaring temper and deep frustration. He explodes, like the private's weapon should have done several times the past two minutes.\"FASTER!\" Robert screams into the man's ear. The boy shoots up like an arrow, and staggers back in fear and surprise. His eyes are as round and wide as his flat face, and his eyes are shiny like silver dollars. The poor Private's hands are shaking as he attempts to meet Robert's demands. He lifts the vertical weapon up, Robert's eyes flicket up after it, twisting it horizontal, holding it up under his arm.\"Discharge your weapon.\" Robert orders calmly. It's as if he can't get enough. The private struggles, his hands quivering, trying to fit the tiny metal ball into the bullet hole. Robert's voice sounds impatient and annoyed. But he is more annoyed with himself and Forbes, for their lack of training techniques than he is with the soldier.\"Discharge your weapon.\" he repeats, punching out the words. \"Do it!\" he yells, feeling like he was turning into a monster before the regiment's eyes. The private turns away from Robert and spits the empty gun powder packet out the other direction, picks up the rifle and takes shaky, uneven aim. Finally he pulls the trigger, firing quickly. Forbes POV Forbes watches closely, along with the other men, stunned into silence. His breathing comes out hard and ragged, similar to Alex's breaths, the first time the bottle exploded. He feels like a fool in front of Robert. Who was he to do that? Why was he treating the men like this? Like the foreman on some God forsaken cotton plantation in the south. He grits his teeth. He feels anger and irritation flaring inside of him as he watches Robert as he still glares holes into the private's, Jupiter was it?, head. \"Now do it again.\" he barks.\"Only this time, I wannit done quickly!\" Who does he think he is? Private Sharts obeys, starting all over again, beginning once again with the bloody packet. Robert turns to the men, his loud voice echoing all across the field.\"A good man, can fire Three. Aimed. Shots. in a minutes.\" he punctuates each word, highlighting it in bold. Forbes wants to challenge him. Lets see you do that, he wants to say, but he bites his tongue, hard. It was a helluva lot easier to fire three aimed shots, maybe even more, when you had a six-shooter at your side. Robert turns away from the group of now semi-organized privates, and begins to walk forward. Good God he's coming here. \"Major Forbes, give me your Colt Revolver.\" Robert doesn't ask, he orders. Forbes isn't eager to give up the revolver.\"What?\" he asks, confused. It looked like Robert was struggling not to roll his eyes.\"Your gun.\" he speaks slowly, as if Forbes was only a child.\"Give it to me.\" Forbes slowly retrieves it from it's leather holster, reluctant to give it up. Robert takes the gun, and his eyes flicker back at Jupiter. Forbes pales as he realizes what Robert is about to do. He has seen it done before in the 2nd Massachusetts, and it didn't have a very lovely after affect. Dear God, no. But Robert didn't so much as glance back in Forbes' direction, he made his way back to the shaky private, ready to harass him again. Jupiter POV Jupiter felt the gun before he saw it. He bitter energy, a cold 'heat' radiating off of it's dark metal surface. It brushed passed the back of his head and he stiffened once again. Jupiter tensed as Colonel Shaw cocked the weapon, like he was expecting a bullet to carve a hole in the back of his head. He never reloaded faster in his entire life. Though by his opinion, he was quick the first time too, he didn't understand why Colonel Shaw didn't agree with it. Colonel Shaw raised the Colt Revolver up to the sky.\"Faster.\" he said again, his voice taut. Jupiter fires, his own rifle crummy in comparison to the beautiful Colt in the colonel's tan gloves. Intricate designs were woven in the metal. Jupiter had almost fainted when he heard from Rawlins how much those cost. The whole twelve dollar. Almost what he would earn per month in the army. Colonel Shaw's voice brought him out of his daydream.\"Reload!\" Jupiter struggles to stay on the white man's good side, and complies as quickly as he can. He can feel the colonel's finger slilde into the trigger loop. He stifles his breathing, he can't keep himself from looking back. His eyes meet the lethal weapon face to face. When he saw Robert's frown, he snappd his head forward again, back to the dusty Enfield Rifle-Musket in his bare hands. \"Quickly!\" Once again, the colonel shouts, then seems to remember to add his favorite word.\"Faster!\" He fires the revolver. Sparks fly out of the weapon, and the ringing that's left of it hurts Shart's ears. \"Faster!\" the colonel shouted. Jupiter struggled, biting his lip. \"Faster!\" It was becoming a blur, as he pounded the gun powder deep into the barrel. \"Do it! Do it!\" Jupiter remembers this. He remembers it clearly. It was all coming back to him, the reason for his stuttering. Back on he cotton plantation where he was enslaved in South Carolina, it had been a slow day. The slaves were exhausted, they had been worked extra hard the day before, in preparation for Thanksgiving, and they could barely stand. Jupiter must have been seven or eight, he couldn't remember exactly, only that he was so exhausted he thought he was going to pass out. The cotton grew tall, almost taller than him. He was only child. He didn't think anyone would notice. He simply curled up in the limited shade, and was asleep in moments. Jupiter must have paused in thought, since Colonel Shaw hit him softly with his weapon to get his attention.\"Go! Faster!\" Jupiter spilled the second packet of gun powder on the ground. He was ripped from his sleep by the plantation foreman, yanking him up from the ground so harshly, his fingers left ugly greyish bruises on Jupiter's earth-brown skin. He screamed loudly in his ear, throwing him on the ground, where others could see.\"I'll sell you South, I swear I will, you dirty bastard!\" he had yelled. He made Jupiter cry, hot, salty tears ran down his red-dusty cheeks, like miniature waterfalls. He made him pick the cotton in the thorniest part of the field. Jupiter's soft, child's hands ripped and bled. He cried as the foreman fired a weapon just inches over his head, screaming,\"Faster! Faster!\" Just lik Colonel Shaw. It was an ungly memory, one that he wished to forget. \"Do it! Do it! Do it!\" Robert shouted once again, the revolver went off three more times. Jupiter could not take it anymore. He dropped the metal pusher, and the rifle-musket, letting them both clatter down on the froze ground. Alex POV I watch in shock as Robert stops. It's obvious that he knows that that was more than enough. The silence after the loud firing of both weapons is overwhelming, the memory of the noise still ringing in our ears, the sudden dead-quietness soothing them. I can understand Jupiter. I would be terrified, heck, I am terrified, I have to be the guy's aid. Robert walks away from him, Jupiter shaking and quivering in his wake. Robert is just... Scary. The soldiers clear a path for him, as if the simple brush of his navy-blue jacket might destroy them. Robert walks passed Thomas, seeming to deliberately avoid his question eyes. When he walks passed me , I can't look at him . He overwhelms me. Nobody moves, nobody breathes, including me. Though I'm not breathing for a slightly different reason, other than fear. Forbes POV Forbes is gritting his teeth so tightly he's afraid that he might shatter them in his own anger. He watches Robert approach him, and can't keep the deadly glare out of his eyes. He knows that Robert noticed it, his breaths coming out in small, ragged clouds. Robert stops in front of him, calmly handing him back his revolver. \"Teach these men properly , Major.\" Forbes is angry, and Robert's untouched gaze is twisting the knife even more. He puts as much venom in his voice as he could find.\"Yes, sir.\" He's pleased that it comes out vicious. Robert, of course, pretends he doesn't notice. Forbes yanks the now gun-powder dusted Colt sharply out of Robert's hands. His friend gives him a long, sad stare, before turning away, his shoulders squared and his mouth in a tight line, walking away quickly, as if he, himself couldn't believe that he had just done that. Alex gives him a hard, accusing stare. Forbes knows what she means. He must have hurt Robert's feelings, but right now, frankly, he doesn't give a damn. He is too blurred by his own anger to think clearly. \"Ready!\" his voice doesn't sound as majestic as Robert's was when he gave orders. It comes out quavery.\"Aim! Fire!\" Forty rifles explode at once. That's all my dears, you were expecting something with \"oomph\", I tried to deliver. :) Hope it was okay. Review please. luv, Me[Chapter 22] Happy Thanksgiving, guys! C'mon, dead turkey day! Woo! ZakiChiUmi: Your wish is my command. ;) I was actually thinking about having Rob go to the future at the end, haha, I guess great minds DO think alike. But I didn't want to kill him off, it's too sad. :( Gargh! I don't know what t do...*sighs dramatically.* High Queen Crystal: I'm very flattered. Thank you, you made mah day. IceDragonHikari: Haha, I remember back when your name used to be sakurablossom. ;) Teasing ya. When I hear the word 'holidays' it gets me so excited, yaknow what I mean. ;) Good luck with the food, and remember, 'sharing is caring' lol. BoosterSeat3: I hear the word 'personal' and I just shutter. ;) Thanks! Beagle Bug: Sorry about your storm. Hope the only thing that was affected was the branches and power. Thanks though. :) YarsisVamp: Haha, thanks, that line is priceless! otose: And you updated! Wooooo! Samantha Story: Haha, of course I will. :) smartyjonescrzy: First off, all jokes aside, I'm so sorry for your loss, you have all my sympathies, truly, I am. What do you mean by 'interjection chapter title?' I know I sound dense, but I'm sleep deprived. ;) Your review got me thinking, what is your favorite part? I've literaly sat there staring at the ceiling as if the answer was written there, trying to figure it out. My only guess is the part where Rob is forced to burn the town down? Or maybe the wipping scene? I'm curious. Like I said before, I am dense, and sleep deprived. Don't you worry, I won't go Uncle Tom's Cabin on you. :) I remember watching in GWTW, how Mr. O'Hara scolded Scarlett for treating Prissy (or was it Mammy?) harshly. He said they needed to be treated with a 'stern kindness' I think it was. Don't know if you remember that scene, my fellow Windie, close to the part where he dies. Don't you worry, cowgirl, coming is the day when I ask you for your horse expertise. ;) Alex POV I looked at Forbes, shouting orders at the men to reload their weapons faster. His teeth were grinding together, his hands still at his side, quivering with anger. I touched his arm.\"Forbes, are you okay?\" that was a dumb thing to ask, when it was obvious he wasn't. I don't think he even heard me, his eyes were narrowed and trained at the targets on the front end of the field. I was too scared to ask him again, in case he might explode. Forbes snapped suddenly.\"Don't look at me like that.\" he muttered.\"It's not my fault.\" I shrugged.\"It's none of my business Forbes, but ...\" \"That's right.\" he spat. \"It's isn't.\" It was difficult to hear him with all those gunshots. But I heard that. His remark stung. Forbes noticed, and immediately gave me an apologetic smile.\"I'm sorry.\" he said.\"I didn't mean it.\" \"...he's your friend.\" I continued. Forbes nodded grimly, shouting more orders at the troops. I walked away from him slowly, exchanging sad smiles with Charlie. I felt sad for Forbes, for both of them. It stung to see Robert that way. As if the entire world was against him. He walked away with his shoulders square, head bent low, as if he had just faced an army alone, which, ironically, he had. I glanced back over my shoulder. He was just a small dark blue speck now, walking across the field, but if I ran, I could catch up. I always loved running. Back in the future, when I still had P.E. at high school, I loved running the mile. Everybody else pouted and complained, but to me, it was awesome. My arms pumping the air and the crunch of muddy gravel beneath my shoes, it was exhilarating. Especially when there was wind, and it rushed through your hair with impeccable speed, it almost felt like flying. I was coming closer to him, the noise of my footsteps causing him to turn. I jogged to a stop, careful not to run into him. Something I didn't need right now. I leaned on my knees, out of breath, but ended up falling to the ground, gasping deeply.\"Hi.\" Robert POV Robert ran a hand through his thick, dark hair, brushing the top part out of his eyes. It was dusted with a thin sheet of gunpowder, but he hardly noticed it and didn't care. He pulled his colonel's kepi back over his head, dragging the brim lower down his forehead to shadow his eyes. He breathed deeply, evenly, his breath coming out in puffy white clouds. It was a strange emotion, what he was feeling. He didn't even know how to describe it. There was a little bit of everything, like ingredients in a stew. There was gripping anger, for one. There was a heavy sadness, unwelcome defeat. But what he despised most, was how weak he felt, not knowing what to do. He kept wanting to blame Forbes for everything, how hard was it to teach them properly? Robert wanted to yell in his face saying it was all his fault. But that wasn't entirely true. Robert was the colonel, he was the leader. And when you were a leader, everything... ...is your fault. He blinked slowly, his eyes wandering aimlessly in every direction. He still didn't know what to do. The loud, labored crunch of gravel startled him out of his thoughts, and he spun around. He saw Miss Janeiro jog towards him, her face flushed, eyes a soft glow. When she reached him, she leaned on her knees, breathing deeply. He watched her, hoping she was alright. She gave him a clumsy salute, before stumbling on the ground. She gasped.\"Hi.\" Robert pulled himself together.\"My God, Miss Janeiro are you alright?\" he kneeled down next to her on one knee, his eyes searching her face for a sign that she was fine. She nodded, flashing him a sweet, crooked smile. Robert didn't want to return it, but he couldn't stop himself.\"I understand that when you wore corsets, they made it hard to breath for you, I suppose it effects your running as well, you must not do it very often.\" he was pulling at strings. She let out a maniacal laugh. It made him uncomfortable, he wasn't particularly fond of being laughed at. But then she smiled again, and his feelings disappeared entirely. Alex POV I laughed, coming out high-pitched and creepy. His idea of me wearing corsets, I found it comical. The only time I worn one was for a few hours at his party, about a month or two ago. He arched an eyebrow at my response, then dipped them both into a serious scowl. I stopped laughing immediately, and gave him a small, tail-tucked smile. I was glad to see his face smooth out again. My lungs weren't the best pair in the world, that's all. Nobody wears corsets from where I come from. I didn't realize before it was too late that I said that out load. \"What?\" he asked, squinting. Me and my big mouth. Instead of shutting up,\"It's true.\" I murmured, brushing my annoying hair out of my eyes. He frowned again, it was obvious he didn't believe me,\"Don't be ridiculous.\" he replied, standing up and brushing himself off. He extended a hand for me, which I gripped tightly, pulling so hard that he staggered forward a little. When I was standing, I didn't let go of his hand right away. We stood silently, in the empty part of the field, only mildly aware of the muted gunfires in the distance. He was alone with me in my small world. The crisp, November breeze ruffled his hair and raced through mine. The sky was white from the overcast, the dark ground in deep contrast with it. It was cold, but I didn't notice it, the warmth of his hand, though gloved was enough. It felt as if his energy flowed into me, there was a flame between our hands; I felt comlete; and despite Marty's warning, I felt as if I was falling in... Robert let go first. Dreams came crashing down. Hard. I blushed, while he rubber the back of his neck and looked away, chewing awkwardly on his lower lip. Robert POV To be quiet honest, Robert found it a bit difficult to retract his own hand from Miss Janeiro's. He did it anyway. He felt a sting, a sort of burn when she touched him, and he hoped against hope that he wasn't blushing. He looked away from her, in case he was. He bit his bottom lip, a habit he did often when he was at a loss in a difficult, confusing situation. He wasn't in love with her. The burning sensation was nothing, just pressure and heat from her hand on his. It wasn't that he did not find her attractive, she was lovely, in her own way, but...but what? She was his assistant, his aid, his secretary, just another person to bark orders at, something Robert had still yet to master. He felt like a fool. A fool with no finesse. \"Sir?\" her voice came out feeble.\"Do you have anything for me to do?\" He forced his head to turn and eyes to look back at her. He gave her a half-hearted smile. \"Yes.\" As a matter of fact, no, no he did not. Robert took pride in his ability to pull himself together quickly, to act like nothing happened.\"Please follow me.\" He led her towards a food shed full of ice-cold watermelons that would never ripen. Just because he had no idea what to make her do, it did not mean he could leave her bounding aimlessly about the camp site. He racked his brain for ideas, and found one when his eyes spotted a group of posts, each about five feet tall. Ridiculous as it was, it was all he had at the moment. He led her into the doorless shed, there were hammers here, nails there, and most peculiar, the preserved watermelons. Robert had discovered it a few weeks ago, while exploring the site, he stumbled upon the items that the occupants before him had left. He never did figure out the meaning of the watermelons, unless for cavalry training. Yes, it had to be, that explains the tall wooden posts outside. Robert had done something like that before, and was quiet good at it. It was then when he realized that Miss Janeiro was standing there, arms folded, waiting for him to speak. He turned to her, opening and closing his mouth, not sure how to explain why he was about to make her do something so...ridiculous-looking. But he shrugged it off, he was the colonel, she was the aide, he didn't have to explain she should be able to follow orders.\"Miss Janeiro, I do not have anything of much importance for you to do today,\" he admitted, watching her get ready to leave,\" but , there is something you could do for me\" He pulled out his saber sharply, the metal on metal sound slicing the air, making Miss Janeiro's eyes widen. Robert winced at her reaction.\"My apologies.\" She nodded. Alex POV His sword was beautiful. Silver and gold woven into the handle with intricate detail. When he pulled it out, it made such an impressive sound, like a threat, full of power and the ability to destroy anything in its path. The thought made me widen my eyes. He took it the wrong way, and apologized. I simply nodded, to stunned to speak. I could tell he was very proud of it, twisting and turning it slightly, watching it catch the rays of the limited sun and glint off of the blade. A golden tassel hung off of the double handle, gold and silver braided into the side of it. He approached the pile of large, slightly green watermelons, and sliced on effortlessly. The sword was so sharp it hardly made a sound. Robert stared at the unripened watermelon, sliced in two halves. A few drops of juice dripped off o the blade, and he dragged it across his palm gently, wiping the watery juice clean against his glove. They were tan today. He slipped the sword slowly back in it's leather holster. Robert picked up the dripping watermelon and handed it to me. I wrinkled my nose, but took it anyway. He then walked over to a wall, where many tools, and a handful of nails, that I didn't recognize hung on the wall. He unclipped a hammer, which I felt proud to know what it was. \"This is a hammer.\" he spoke slowly, as one would to a small child. I pushed my stupid hair out of my face again. \"Thanks, I'll remember that.\" I said bitterly, trying not to let him in on the sarcasm. He raised his eyebrows, motioning for me to follow him out. I gripped the stupid watermelon closer to my chest and followed him out. He was leading me to a group of tall posts, white paint peeling off of them, each about two yards apart from each other. There were at least ten of them, fifteen to be exact. I wondered what he was doing. When we reached the first post I waited patiently for him to continue, clutching the watermelon as a small child might clutch a pumpkin on a patch. He took the watermelon from me then,'lightening the load', and gestured at the post with his hammer. There were several long nails sticking out of it, up ended, crooked and twisted every which way. With one slam each, he beat each nail back into a vertical position. Next, he shoved the watermelon on top of them forcefully, the poor thing making a cracking, screeching sound as it slid over the nails and on to the post. Finally, he stepped back, grinning. I couldn't see what the point was to this exercise.\"Repeat the process with every post, see me when you're done.\" he said it so dismissively, it hurt. \"What am I supposed to slice 'em with?\" I asked through gritted teeth, folding my arms. His hand flew to the sword hanging at his side.\"There's a small axe in the shed. It's not that difficult.\" He smiled politely and saluted me. I gave him a sarcastic on in return, not meeting his eyes.\"Miss Janeiro.\" he nodded. \"Colonel Shaw.\" I replied as he walked away.\"When he was out of earshot, I added.\" Robert .\" Robert POV Robert felt horrible. He felt like a wretched and horrid human being. How rude he was! So dismissive as if she was nothing. He wanted her to know that when he held her hand, it meant nothing, except something that should be dismissed. He was a gentlemen, and making a lady, even though she was his aide, work like that. He felt like a slave owner. ( Sorry smarty, just teasing, couldn't resist. ;) He almost turned around and went back a dozen times to insist that she stop immediately and to apologize exactly fifty-four times like a bloody fool. Robert pinched the bridge of his nose. He was behaving like a child. He knew that he could have easily found her another job, something much more easier and not as difficult and that requires a lot less effort. But he didn't. It was to establish boundaries. They were too...close. If you could describe it that way. Men were beginning to talk. Not that Robert cared. No, he was upset, tired, sad about his friend, and his conscience tugged at the back corners of his mind. He only wished his father was here, he really needed his advice, his council. Robert shook his head. Alex POV I felt retarded. The axe as so dull it barely chopped. I grunted and swore, earning me insults and teasing from Trip and his just-as-intelligent comrades, Jones and that one other guy. I wasn't wearing any gloves, and I received many scrapes and blisters from the wood, axe, nails, hammers, and of course, my ultimate 'favorite', the cold. It wasn't very fun. It was UBER cold. I thought about Robert, I thought about Forbes, I even thought about Trip and Jupiter as I chopped seven poor watermelon in half, harrasing them, cutting them open slowly and painfully, and believe me, they weren't bleeding love either. But it was the best I could do, as I ended their already ended lives on their own individual posts. I had done fourteen already, took me only two bloody hours. I sighed ad rolled my eyes, as I dumped the axe on the hay littered floor. Picking up the fifteenth half of a unripened watermelon, carrying it outside. I was on my last one! Glory hallelujah my last one! I slammed it onto the post, the rusty nails sliding into its juicy center. \"There.\" I muttered, brushing myself off. Finally, it was complete. I saluted it the last watermelon post, almost at my eye level.\"Here you go, Robert.\" I imagined it was him.\"Hope that's straight enough for ya, do you want me to polish 'em too?\" I asked the watermelon head bitterly, rubbing it with my sleeve. I swear, sometimes I'm just so immature it's not even funny. Someone cleared their throat behind me, and I froze. I wished I was dead. Robert POV He had occupied his time with two-and-a-half hours worth of letter writing. He wrote the longest to his father, asking him every question that filtered through his mind, every thought and emotion ended up on that slip of tan paper. When he looked at his pocket watch, he almost gasped in horror. He quickly rushed out of his office. He knew it was a little late to apologize, but he would anyway and make sure she stopped doing that. He'd never force her to do anything like that again, ever. He vowed. He reached the open field in a matter of minutes. Forbes was already training his third company of the day. His eyes scanned the field across to the other end. To his surprise, she was already done. Miss Janeiro was leaning her body weight on her right foot, her arms crossed and her brow furrowed. She appeared to be talking to the post. In Robert's opinion, she did her job very well, for a woman. \"Here you go, Robert, hope that's straight enough for ya, do you want me to polish 'em too?\" she was muttering, her voice heavy with sarcasm, an art Forbes had mastered long ago. Two emotions fluttered through him, one was amusement. It was funny, besides, he deserved it; while the other was a new layer of sadness, nothing heavy, but still sad. He found it amusing that he actually felt the need to 'establish boundaries' yet again, when it was clear she could care less about him. He cleared his throat. She spun around abruptly, her eyes wide, and her hair falling into her face yet again. He pretended like he did not hear a thing.\"You did a wonderful job, Miss Janeiro.\" \"T-Thank you sir.\" she sputtered. He smiled, until his eyes caught her hands. He frowned deeply.\"Let me see your hands.\" She winced, but held them out. He took them gently into his own larger ones, her palms facing up. He found the irony amusing, how he vowed never to touch her again. He was surprised it hurt him when he saw the damage to her hands. There were red marks, minor cuts and scrapes, and angry red blisters. The guilt multiplied a thousand times. He looked at her.\"Miss Janeiro, I'm so sorry.\" Yeah, the usual randomness, courtesy of writers block, crappy keyboard, the wee hour, and addicting Monster Energy Drinks. Review please.[Chapter 23] smartyjonescrzy: I really want to read 'Blue-Eyed Child of Fortune' but I can't find it anywhere. Is it good? I 'reckon' it's an informative book like 'Glory: One Gallant Rush\" which is also about Shaw. About the hand the hand thing reminding you of GWTW, great minds DO think alike. ;) Haha. I'm glad you noticed the lip biting scene, I noticed that too, that he would always bite his lip when worried or in a bad situation, etc. I swear I smacked my head against the keyboard when you told me your favorite part. I had to be blind or something. It's so obvious! I was racking my brain for horse scenes in the movie, but I totaly missed that. XD BeagleBug: Plans for Thanksgiving? You mean besides jetting off to Tahiti and shopping in Paris? Nope. Haha, kidding. My plans were 'stuffing myself with so much food that I gain three pounds and loose 'em all running around on Black Friday' Mission Accomplished. ;) Samantha Story: Gah, thanks so much for the compliment. ;) IceDragonHikari: Haha, all your usernames had a nice 'ring' to it. :) ZakiChiUmi: Though I have never seen the Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe, I know, I know, I live under a rock; but I like your idea. I guess I'll just tweek it a bit with my own, twisted, imagination. ;) otose: Well, in defense to your friend, ya know what they say, never rush art. ;) Thanks! Samantha: And c'mon, can you honestly see Alex wearing hoops and a corset? That's like begging for trouble. ;) But I'll weave it in later on... AnnabelleandEdwardForeva: Thanks SO much for the trailer. I LOVE it! I must have watched it like twenty times already! Thank you, you rock! BoosterSeat3: Boost, you're hilarious, that's all I'm gonna say. :) Ugh, the flu! *Sneeze.* BTW, check out the trailer for 'Glory of a Hero' (dumb name btw) tha AnnabelleandEdwardForeva made. More info the bottom. It's really good. \"I don't care what they say, I'm in love with you, they try to pull me away, but they don't know the tru-\" Robert leaned forward,\"Excuse me?\" I laughed, a little too loudly.\"I'm just singing.\" That song has been stuck in my head for hours. \"Miss Janeiro, if I may say, you have the strangest songs I have ever heard of.\" Robert muttered, he was an arm's length away from me, walking in long strides that made me struggle to keep up with him. When he saw my hands, I knew he felt horrible. I wonder how he would react if I told him I had broken it before, twice . He insisted to have Andrews check on them. I grimaced, I wasn't too thrilled about the idea, but I kept my mouth shut. Robert led me to the small medical building, and grabbed the door handle, pulling it open for me so I wouldn't have to use my hands.\"Not to infect your hands.\" he explained. I nodded.\"Right. Thanks.\" I stepped in, noticing Charlie right away, leaning on a desk, which I guessed was used as a surgery table. He smiled at me and saluted Robert. The building was about the size of two dining room tables, one small, broken window, and two gas lamps hanging from the ceiling on opposite ends of the room. It smelled like chloroform, rust, and a dentist's office that hasn't been cleaned in weeks. The lack of hygiene was not flattering. Two tall wooden bookshelves with peeling, dark green paint, were overflowing with white bandages, soap, and other medical supplies, including saws and pliers. I shuddered at the gleaming saw. Robert noticed.\"Don't worry Miss Janeiro, your hands don't require amputation.\" He sounded a little annoyed, then again, he had a long day. Robert looked around, his eyebrows furrowing.\"Where is the lieutenant?\" Charlie looked up from a medicine drawer.\"Andrews is out on the training field, one of the men fell and sprained an ankle. He sent me for a bandage wrap to secure it.\" Robert gave him a nod and the man was out the door in seconds. \"I apologize, Miss Janeiro.\" Robert said as he turned to rummage through one of the appears I'll have to fix this up myself. I didn't mind. He pulled out a chair for me, shoved up against a dusty corner in the small, musty room. He had a small bowl in his hands, a tin canteen, and some white scraps of linen, the kind that mummies are wrapped in. He kneeled in front of me, taking my left hand in his. Robert didn't bother to keep up conversation as he worked, she did all the talking. It seemed to him that women had to fill up every silent space with words. He knew she felt awkward, he did too, and was trying to lessen the tension with conversation, but his lack of response, save for occasional 'ah's' did nothing to lighten the mood, or the guilt as he was forced to stare at her hands for that matter. Each time he pressed to hard, he felt her wince, and he winced along with her. His tongue jammed deep into the side of his cheek. He couldn't understand why it bothered him so much. Why that cloud of dread hanging over his head wouldn't drift away. Along with the clouds he had received from Forbes, it was beginning to become a dark storm. The damage was only minor cuts, scrapes, and cracked blisters, the work of a first-time field hand, nothing to worry about. Besides, his sister had shown up with ugly, bleeding scraps on her knees and shins before, when they were children, but then again, Susanna had always been...erm...'special.' She pulled her hand away just as he was about to clean it out with mix of soap, water, and vinegar from the canteen.\"What's that?\" \"Minor wound cleanser,\" he muttered, not even looking up,\"vinegar, and a mixture of soap water.\" She pulled her hand away completely,\" Vinegar ? Is that really necessary?\" Robert glanced up at her, blinking hard, genuinely confused.\"On the contrary, Miss Janeiro, vinegar helps prevent infections.\" She didn't look convinced.\"Is it really sanitary?\" she asked, clutching her right hand and looking down at Robert with the canteen of murky, tan liquid. Robert shrugged. He wanted to tell her,'For God's sake, Miss Janeiro, will you stop behaving like a child?' But he didn't. He was surprised with himself, wondering what was wrong with him today? On the other hand, he wasn't really sure if it was sanitary or not. Andrews said it was, he was the doctor. Frankly, all he wanted to do was get a hot cup of black coffee and spend the rest of the quiet evening reading his volume of Emerson. \"Yes.\" he told her, making his voice sound protective and confident. He swabbed at the cuts with the mixture, aware of how it burned, and blew on them. Me? I was touched to the core. My own mother didn't even do that, let alone some cute colonel from the Civil War that was long gone in my time. I couldn't help acting like a little kid in the waiting room for her pediatrician. I swallowed, staring up at the top of his head, covered in soft-looking, thick brown hair, as he was bent t work over my hands, dabbing and blowing, dabbing and blowing, dabbing and blowing. He wrapped the white cheese-cloth like bandages around my palms, tying them securely. Never in my life, did I think I would be... A.) Thrown back in time. B.) Be on a first-name basis with some long-dead Civil War officers. C.) Have the colonel of the historic 54th bandage my hands. D.) Spend over two hours nailing rotting watermelons onto wooden posts...which shows you gotta dream big. The mental list could continue, but Robert was done. He stood up, putting the supplies he didn't use back on the wooden shelf. He brushed his hands off and looked down at me.\"You may retire, Miss Janeiro, I have nothing else for you to do today.\" \"What, no apples to stick to the ends of the rifles?\" I joked. Robert crossed his arms. He was not amused. \"After all, the watermelon idea worked so well last time...\" Alex, do yourself a favor and shut up. His scowl deepened, dark circles and fatigue more evident now.\"It was unorthodox, I'll admit.\" he muttered. He turned swiftly, pulling the door of the medicine room open, disappearing in an instant. I sat there for a minute. feeling horrible, until Andrews showed up and kicked me out. I trudged through the muddy ground, beginning to freeze just as small snowflakes were beginning to fall. I looked up at the gun-metal grey sky, the falling snowflakes melting on the skin of my face. I wondered if I had hurt Robert's feelings, or if he was just tired. I just stood there, quietly, watching the weather with dull eyes, until something vibrated in my pocket. I jumped and yelped slightly, grateful that no one was there to see, taking me a moment to realize that it was the communicator. That thing hadn't rang in what felt like months. I pressed it to my ear.\"Hello?\" \"You're certifiable, ya know that?\" Came Marty's voice loud and clear. I sighed.\"Good to hear you too, Marty, what did I do now?\" \"Are you really this stupid, or do you do this just to annoy me?\" I knew he was kidding, but I could still detect urgency in his voice. I blinked.\"I'm really that stupid.\" \"Alex.\" he started calmly, patiently.\"Get out of that open space before somebody sees you talking to a shiny piece of plastic and metal.\" I blushed. I was an idiot. I shoved the communicator into the pocket of my dark blue army jacket and ran towards the officers' barracks. I sprinted towards my cot, glad that there was nobody else around, jumping on it and wrapping myself with the scratchy, light blue blanket. I guess I should be happy, the men got holey, tan ones that were as thin as paper, some didn't get a blanket at all. I pressed the communicator up to my ear.\"Done.\" \"Good.\" Marty muttered.\"Protocol states that I have to check up on you occasionally.\" I feigned a heartbroken voice.\"Really?\" I sniffed.\"I thought you called because you cared.\" \"Give me a break, Alex.\" He continued, not unpleasantly.\"Heaven help the man who ever really cared about you.\" He quoted, teasing.\"Besides, I'm actually supposed to call once a week, but since Strickland calls me a slacker, might as well live up to it.\" He chuckled. I laughed with him. \"So, everything okay? Anything you need?\" he asked. \"No, I'm good.\" I replied, absentmindedly toying with a loose string on the sleeve of my coat. \"That's...that's good, I guess.\" he muttered awkwardly, not knowing what else to say. \"Marty?\" \"Yeah?\" \"What year is it?\" \"1862.\" I sighed.\"In your time.\" \"Oh.\" he murmured, as if distracted.\"well, I can't tell you that, but I will say that it is way beyond 2010. But I have to tell you something, about Robert...\" \"Marty, it's not right for one to know too much about the future...\" I heard an older, intelligent voice say from Marty's end of the line. He must have been in the same room with him. \"What if it already happened?\" Marty shot back to the voice on his end. \"Marty,\" I whispered.\"Was that Doc?\" He laughed. \"How did you guess?\" I could feel him grin. I heard the sound of agitated footsteps, and I hissed at the Communicator.\"I gotta go, bye.\" I hung up on him. What about Robert? If it already happened, shouldn't I know? From the history books in the future? No wonder I was failing history in school. I looked up when someone entered the barracks. It was Forbes. His brow was furrowed and he was grunting, scowling and cursing at every object he saw. He approached his bunk, across from mine, digging through his stuff.\"Where the devil is my revolver?\" I raised an eyebrow.\"Aren't you supposed to keep that kind of stuff on you?\" He paused, narrowed his eyes at me, and continued searching. \"What are you planning to do, shoot Robert?\" I asked, teasing him. My mouth just can't give it a rest today. \"Not a bad idea.\" I heard him mutter, not bothering to look up at me. I inhaled loudly, rolling onto my side just as Charlie walked in. I waved at him, and he smiled in return. Forbes was still muttering, his teeth gritted,\"I hate this bloody spit of land.\" Charlie and I stared at him. He paused only long enough to say hello, and continued complaining again as he searched. \"Cabot?\" Charlie called out tentatively, keeping his distance from the sputtering Forbes. \"What?\" he snapped. \"Enduring blistering cold every night, colonel's everywhere telling my how to do my job...\" his voice got lower and lower until it was almost a whisper. \"Cabot, it's really not too bad.\" Charlie replied quietly. Really, the guy is just too sweet. \"Look around, Charlie.\" Forbes gestured at the walls of the barracks, filled with crack and holes.\"We live in a Swiss cheese with a door.\" Charlie grinned, I laughed softly. Forbes looked at us, his gaze flat.\"It looks like we've been using the walls for target practice.\" Charlie chuckled softly. \"What do you want?\" Forbes asked, not unpleasantly. \"Robert wants to speak with you. He's in his office.\" Charlie said quickly. Forbes stiffened.\"Might as well see what his majesty wants.\" He spoke bitterly, pulling on his kepi. Charlie and I exchanged loaded glances. Forbes pinched the bridge of his nose and sighed deeply, exiting without another word. If there was one thing Forbes was good at, it was arguing. He could weave the right amount of sarcasm and bitterness into his words to bring the receiver down. It twisted his stomach in anger to know that his 'best friend' was the most immune to it. Robert lasted the longest and refused to stumble and back off. Forbes would just have to do a double dose. Robert deserved it. He told himself. He embarrassed you in front of all your subordinates, and he treats them as if they were dirt. Forbes gritted his teeth so hard, they could be heard well out in the darkness. He made his way towards the gas lamp shining outside Robert' office, illuminating the door in an eerie dim glow. His boots crunching on the thin layer if freshly fallen snow. By tomorrow afternoon, the ground would be covered in melting muddy slush. Without so much as a knock, he pulled the door open, finding Robert deep in conversation with Andrews, hearing snippets of conversation, wether vinegar was really sanitary or not. Forbes frowned. It was one thing to argue with Robert alone, but another thing ith Andrews watching everything. How he despised the man. He talked to much, and his kissing up to Robert disgusted Forbes to no end. His very presence was obnoxious and irritating. Forbes silently thanked the heavens when Robert dismissed the horrid man, and turned his attention to him. \"Ah, Major Forbes.\" he greeted, as if with mild interest.\"Won't you sit down?\" Forbes remained where he was, leaning on the doorway.\"Robert.\" He muttered in response to his greeting. Robert arched an eyebrow.\"You left your revolver, here.\" He gestured at the shiny weapon, resting on his desk. \"Thank you.\" His voice was calm, collected, as he reached for the Colt revolver and shoved it into the gun-pocket of his navy coat. He turned to leave.\"Forbes?\" Robert called out. Forbes stopped abruptly, refusing to turn around.\"I would appreciate if you trained the recruits, correctly , this time.\" Oooh, that struck a nerve. Forbes spun around slowly.\"You want to do my job? Be my guest.\" He spat. He didn't wait for Robert's response. He stormed out of the building childishly, walking out of the ghostly glow of the gas lamp and into the night, even though he wanted to go back there and and argue some more. Forbes was the type of man who believed in having the last word. Lord knows he was difficult as an adolescent. Rob knew that too. There were many things he wanted to ask the man. Demand answers. Questions raced through Forbes's mind, but the one that stuck most was...why was he treating the men this way? Thomas, and the poor squirrel hunter with very good aim? He clenched and unclenched his fists, nostrils flaring, biceps flexing, kicking up snow and water as he stormed back towards the barracks. Trailer for Glory of a Hero! Yes! Made by the fabulous, AnnabelleandEdwardForeva! Check it out, it's really cool she did an awesome job. If you want to see, go to my profile and on the bottom there is a link for the trailer. Sweet! Reivew please.[Chapter 24] Hey guys, sorry for the wait, I was sick for three days and when I went back to school, I had so much homework, things were just...hectic. :) IceDragonHikari: Thanks for the compliment and I hope you liked the trailer. :) smartyjonscrzy: Haha, you noticed, if I haven't told you how much I loved that fanfic and how well-written it was, let me tell you, it was awesome! :) By the way, thanks so much for the horse information, I would have thanked you sooner but the something's wrong with the PM. BTW, this chapter doens't have that much horse stuff, that's in the next one. ;) Samantha: Thanks for the advice! I'll definitely use it. Yes, Marty and Doc from the future. :) otose: I know right, she did a super great job. So did you on your story, btw. :) Beagle Bug: He was being a baby, huh? I have a hard tim writing Robert-Forbes 'male bonding' scenes. :) Samantha Story: Thank you, I thought it would be cute on Robert's behalf. :D YarisVamp: Thank you, I hope you feel better now. O}- Here's a flower (if you look at it sideways, lol.) starcollecter2022: Thanks so much. I love your username, it's so pretty. :D Anonymous: Thanks so much, made my boring Wednesday. :) Alex POV I stood shivering in the silent new morning, wrapping my navy coat tighter and tighter around my torso until I could hardly breath, trying to prevent December's early morning chill from seeping in to my body. Though I hated wool, I was glad to have the warmish Civil War jacket, though I could imagine how much I will dread wearing it when summer rolls around. I liked the mornings at Camp Readville, despite the early winter breeze that stung at my bare face, neck, and hands. The stillness of the bare trees, like black lace against the white, overcast sky, gave one a sense or serenity, and a slight twinge or regret that this atmosphere of peace will soon be broken by the cursing of Mulcahy and the gun fires of aiming men. I leaned all my body weight on one dirty-sneakered foot, not knowing what I was doing up so early, if I had my way I'd sleep until ten-thirty every morning. I gazed up at the silver sky, reflecting on the puddles of last night's melted snow, seeing small fires being set up in front of the tents of early risers across the training field. The glowing fires were an amazing contrast to the dead, frozen landscape. The orange-gold blazes dance with contagious frenzy, full of life, spitting bright burning sparks into the air. My attention was stolen by the beautiful sound of horse hooves clopping on frozen ground. I snapped my head to the left end of the field, where I sent most of yesterday afternoon uselessly setting up watermelons. I saw Robert, and Glory, his breathtaking vision of a horse, I couldn't take my eyes off them. Robert was leaning his forehead against Glory's broad neck. He looked totally at easy, stroking Glory's trimmed dark main, whispering something to it. The horse nudged his muzzle against Robert's hand, and I saw him laugh softly. He walked over to Glory's left side, and mounted him with impeccable ease. It made me a little jealous, how graceful he looked as he pulled on the reins and the horse obeyed, trotting towards the watermelon posts. I leaned forward as Robert whipped out his saber, watching the limited morning sun glint off the blade. He leaned forward, seeming to gain momentum, and pulled on the horse's reins. Glory went off like a rocket. His long, powerful legs moving like greased axles, seeming to accelerate with every second. Robert held on to the reins with one hand, and sliced off the tops of each watermelon, effortlessly. one by one, they tumbled to the slushie ground, becoming soiled from the creamy dark mud. I stood fuming, my teeth chattering from the cold and annoyance. I spent over two hours putting those up, and he chops them down in less than fifteen seconds. Part of wanted to scream, the other, more logical (if that exists) part was telling me to just get over it. In truth, I was impressed, I bet even Stacy Westfall would have had a hard time multitasking on a horse. Then again, I could be wrong, and often I am. Robert POV Robert loved mornings like this, dark and cloudy without a trace of open sunlight shining it's gold, trying hard to break through the platinum clouds. It felt good to be alone in the middle of a large, empty field, with slightly frozen yet mushy ground. Robert loved it when no one was watching, no one he had to act like a leader to, no one to pretend in front of, to be someone he was not. Most people don't realize how hard it is to be a leader, especially when outsiders are criticizing you for what you believe is right. Robert gritted his teeth. His sister Susanna had sent him many letters full of scandalous gossip concerning many respectable ladies and gentlemen of his hometown Boston. Some of that gossip was centered around him. Robert shoved his tongue into the side of his cheek in annoyance, it irritated him how the Mr. So and So's of Boston criticized him about his black regiment. Robert would like to see them try to do this job. It disgusted him and he was at a loss of why Northern families, though they are supposedly trying to free 'the bloody darkies' should continue to shun the coloreds as if they were strange inhuman beings that didn't deserve the fight for their own freedom. Robert couldn't even find words to explain his feelings if you asked him. The only distraction he found this morning lied in his horse, Glory. Robert smiled at the beastly animal, a kindred spirit. He put a hand on Glory's long broad neck, feeling every muscle of his throat vibrate under Robert's gloved hand. He loved the color of Glory's body. It was a dark, earthy color, like rich cocoa beans, with a tent of blood red beneath the brown. Robert lovingly caressed his dark brown, almost ebony mane, staring into his hard, coal like eyes, expressing that he was made for strength and speed. Robert leaned his forehead against the side of Glory's neck.\"Glory, my friend, show me what you can do.\" He smiled softly as the beautiful animal snorted in response. Robert circled Glory to his left side, pressing his saber out of the way, and grabbed hold of his tan, leather saddle, his right hand clutching the cantle at the front, and his left wrapped around the sturdy pommel. His muddy black boot slid into the metal, dirt encrusted stirrup, bouncing slightly on his right foot for an extra boost. He took a deep breath, preparing for the leap and lunged to the top of Glory's back, settling comfortably in the saddle. Robert slid his feet through the stirrups, only the balls of his feet resting easily on the small piece of metal. He recomposed himself, relaxing his legs and body, all save for his back, which remained tall and erect, giving him the appearance of a tower of strength. Robert knew perfect posture was key to perfect riding. Grinning, Robert clutched the leather reins firmly in his ta-gloved hands, determined not to yank too hard and force Glory to twist away. Robert sat up in his saddle, pressing his legs gently against Glory's side, using his seat to propel the horse's hindquarters forward. He leaned his body towards the horse's ear.\"Walk.\" He ordered. Guiding Glory with his reins, he rode farther out into the field, away from the watermelon posts, so Glory could gather more speed and momentum. He whipped the gleaming saber out of it's holster, relishing in the threatening sound it made when it was released. Robert clicked his tongue and pressed his legs again, getting Glory into a simple trot. Sliding his right leg back, his left remaining at the girth, he sat deeper in his seat and squeezed with his legs. Glory's speed increased into a canter, the easy gallop soon to change into a full-out run. Robert raised his body in his saddle and continued to squeezed firmly with his legs. Glory's speed never failed to amaze him, the wind rushing through Robert's hair and Glory's mane never failed to exhilarate him. Glory's legs pumped together like greased axles, making Robert feel as if he was a part of him. As they neared the watermelon posts Robert released one hand from the reins, holding the saber out away from heir bodies, bracing himself for the blade on fruit impact. The gleaming blade sliced through the top of the first watermelon, screaming out a loud crunch as it tumbled down to the ground, soiling itself in the blackish brown mud that greedily sucked it in. The blade glinted, another slice, another epic tumble of green watermelon. Robert bit his lip hard in concentration, his eyes focused on the remaining watermelons on each side of him, barely having time to lean his body left and right to cut each green, unripened top in half. With another rip, the last watermelon tumbled to the ground with a finishing splat Flushed, Robert sat back deeper in his saddle, calmly whispering into Glory's ear.\"Whoa, steady boy, whoa.\" Glory reduced himself to a slow trot almost immediately, walking off to the barrack end of the field, where bright orange campfires were beginning to dot the campsite of early risers. Robert grinned victoriously, full of excitement. He had not done that since the time he spent in the Second Massachusetts Infantry. His grin vaporized when he noticed Miss Janeiro and Forbes convercing with each other off to the side, both awaiting him for different reasons. Robert's small, quiet world where leadership did not exist was suddenly under attack. He wanted to ignore them, but that was unprofessional and childish. When Forbes noticed him, he made a move to approach, and Robert tugged on Glory's reins, glad that he decided to turn around, granting him a short moment when his face wasn't seen, giving him a quick chance to recompose himself, wiping his face clean of the vigorous ride he had just enjoyed, and back to an expressionless mask of reality. Forbes POV Forbes was surprised beyond words to find Alex awake before him. It was one of those rare days when he was not the one to drag her lazy self out of bed. He wondered what her reasons were. If they were much the same, or perhaps different from his. He doubted that she would have the nerve to speak this way to Robert in which he was about to do now. She stood off to the side, tugging her coat around her small frame, her breath coming out in small, foggy clouds, her head cocked to the side, part of her face hidden with a curtain of her dark brown hair. Her eyes were fixed intently on an object in front of her. Forbes followed her gaze and wasn't surprised that the object of her stare was Robert. He smirked, approaching her, but decided not to say anything.\"Morning, Alex.\" He greeted. His smirk deepened as she yelped in surprise. She turned around, flushed.\"Oh hey Forbes, what's up?\" Forbes arched an eyebrow. What's up? That was the most ridiculous question anyone has ever asked him. Frowning, he looked up at the sky, as if the answer was written there. He shook his head.\"I was surprised to see you up so early.\" He teased. Her eyes remaining fixed on Robert, the corner of her mouth lifted into a smirk.\"Whatever Forbes, Charlie has told me many stories about you in the Second, you weren't exactly an early riser yourself.\" Forbes grinned, shoving his hands into his pockets.\"Touche.\" \"That's so cool.\" She murmured, inclining her head in Robert direction. Forbes shifted his gaze to him, gritting his teeth. Robert was seated on top of his pride, Glory, a look of determined concentration sketched onto his face. Forbes too, was impressed, thought he hated to admit it to himself, about how effortless Robert made basic cavalry training look, slicing the watermelon heads off one by one, their soft green peels splashing in the mud. Forbes caught Robert's eye as he road past them, and took a step towards him. Without another word to Miss Janeiro, he left her standing alone, approaching Robert. She didn't say anything, but he could feel her curious eyes burning a hole in his retreating back. Forbes made his way across the field, and Robert met him half way on his horse. Forbes promised himself that he would try to put his itching sarcasm to the side and make an effort to act civilized. Robert called from the top of Glory's broad back, giving him a small, professional smile.\"Good Morning Major, you're up early.\" The corner of Forbes's mouth twisted down into a frown. He leaned his body weight back on one foot, and placed his knuckles calmly against himself.\"I want to talk to you.\" Robert cocks his head slightly, then with a small shrug, slid his saber back into its holster.\"Certainly.\" Forbes threw back his shoulders, crossing his arms.\"If you wouldn't mind getting down from your horse.\" Robert blinked, at a loss for a moment, and slid his saber back into it's holster. Clutching onto the saddle and reins for support, Robert easily slid of Glory's back. Turning, he handed the reins to a bewildered Alex, speaking firm orders to her in a low voice, then adding, more loudly.\"Excuse us.\" She gave a nod and shuffled away, nervously tugging on Glory's reins to follow. Robert turned his attention back to Forbes.\"Better?\" He asked, just as testily. Forbes bit down a nasty comeback, exhaling loudly.\"Why do you treat the men this way, Robert?\" His hands retreating back to his hips. Robert looks baffled, confusion etched into his frown. He shifts his weight uncomfortably.\"How should I treat them?\" He squints at Forbes. Forbes, irritated, scrunches his forehead.\"Like men ?\" He hated stating the obvious. Robert blinks slowly, chewing on his bottom lip. Forbes leans forward, taking that as a sign that he was winning, an encouraging thought. He squares his shoulders, trying to give the appearance of towering over Robert. His burning voice drowning out Mulcahy's obscene orders in the distance.\"And what about Thomas? Why are you so hard on him?\" Robert POV This time, Robert doesn't hesitate, with a grit of his teeth he surges forward.\"He's not a very good soldier.\" He raises his posture to match Forbes's.\"I'm getting these men ready for battle.\" It bothered Robert that Forbes was refusing to understand. Couldn't he see that the men could be dead within the time it takes them to reload? Forbes shakes his head, impossible as ever, speaking earnestly.\"Robert, they're already as good as the seventh ever was.\" They can be better, Robert thought.\"They march well, they're disciplined.\" Forbes willed him to see the point, gesturing often with his hands. Robert pursed his lips.\"No thanks to you.\" Forbes nostrils flare as he lurches forward.\"I beg your pardon?\" He hissed, his eyes angry slits. Robert doesn't even flinch.\"You heard me.\" Robert knew the men were well-trained, but they were here to fight a war, not just for window dressing. Though Robert himself was not sure how true that was. Judging by the letter, he grits his teeth, that he got from the war department. Forbes grinds his teeth together so hard, Robert can hear them. His anger rising along with his hostile tone.\"Who do you think you are? Acting the 'high up colonel'!\" He roars, throwing a hand up in the air. Robert feels the Antietam wound on his neck now more than ever. Forbes leans forward, so the friends are standing eye to eye. Neither flinching as a determined brown pair bores into a piercing green-blue.\"You seem to forget that I know you.\"Forbes's voice drops dramatically.\"And so does Thomas.\" With one last glare, Forbes sidesteps him and walks away in the direction of the barracks. Robert bites on his lip, thinking slowly, shooting at Forbes's triumphant back with an indignant stare. He doesn't seem to realize that this battle is far from over. Robert had never felt so persistent in his life.\"Forbes!\" Forbes POV Forbes freezes in mid-step, his boot hovering centimeters off of the melting ground. His eyes narrow, and he sucks in his breath in defiance. What does the man want now? This was supposed to be his moment. Robert's perseverance irritates him, but he can't help but admire him anyway. Forbes turns slowly on the muddy heel of his boot, his eyes spearing into Robert's skull. \"If you don't believe in what we're doing here,\" Robert calls out, licking his dry lips,\"then maybe you shouldn't be part of it!\" That is more than Forbes could care to take. This wasn't some cult, dammit. His face twists into utter disbelief and persistent annoyance.\"Part of what ?\" He spat, his voice dripping with disgust.\" Huh ?\" He stalks closer to Robert, leaning in to yell in his face. His voice soaring upward. Robert's calmness irritates him, he is like a mountain, impossible to move.\"LEFT! RIGHT! LITTLE FINGER ALONG THE SEEMS OF YOUR TROUSERS?\" He screams, his fists trembling in anger. The slight accent of his Irish ancestors contaminates his speech. Robert swallows, his throat raw, his breathing unusually hard. It was obvious that the sharp words flying hit Robert like arrows. Forbes leaned closer, his right hand making gestures as wood a professor trying to make a dunce understand. His escalating voice suddenly dropped to a low, tense whisper.\"Marching, is probably all they'll ever get to do, Robert.\" Forbes softens slightly, instantly regretting having said that. The betrayel sketched into Robert's face left evident marks in his expressive eyes.\"It is my job.\" Robert begins quietly, leaving his bite-marked lip alone.\"To get these men ready.\" He takes a deep breath, licking his chapped lips.\"And I will .\" His eyes dart in every direction, settling hard on Forbes's eyes.\"They have risked their lives to be here, they have given up they're freedom . I owe them as much as they have given; I owe them my freedom .\" The heavy passion swelling in Robert's voice overwhelmes Forbes, making him feel like a fool for his words; but he'd be damned if it showed.\"My life if necessary.\" Robert highlights and punctuates each word, willing Forbes to open up his eyes and understand.\"Maybe so do you, Cabot.\" That strikes a blow in Forbes's mind, and deep in his heart. The impact of Robert's wisdom made Forbes question his ability to keep from falling to the ground. It was as if the clouds moved away and light burst through, illuminating Robert's words, the golden ink of their wisdom sketched forever into Cabot's memory. He doubted that it was something he would ever forget. Forbes crossed his arms, nodding slowly. Robert's wince is hardly noticeable, but Forbes doesn't miss it. Robert must have taken his nod as another one of his sarcastic actions, thus he murmurs.\"I think you do.\" Forbes nods again, none too faster than the last time, he pulls on his smirk, to mask the jaw-dropping effect Robert's words has on him. It was unlike Forbes, at least not often, that his ego wouldn't allow such an act. Instead, with a sweeping gestures, he bows low, dramatically to Robert, as if daring him to continue, to think that they agreed. Robert recoiled as if Forbes had slapped him, the long black feather of his navy ten-gallon hat brushing his cheek due to the occasional whispers of wind. Forbes throws his shoulders back, squaring them, ever-so-slightly angry with himself at his arrogant behavior. He lifts his chin boldly leaving Robert alone, his long strides aimed back towards the barracks. Didn't really know how to do this scene, sorry for there not being much Alex-Robert interaction. :( Will do better next time. Review please.[Chapter 25] Hey guys, I'm so sorry for not updating in like, forever. Life was pretty crowded, not to mention developing a fatal case of writer's block. So I made it extra long for ya. Enjoy, Merry Christmas, Happy New Year, and review please. ;) otose: Yeah, I like it when Forbes and Robert are best friends, not worst enemies. Merry Christmas. :) Beagle Bug: Haha, thanks for the reminder, he's totally coming up, don't worry, I won't leave out our adorable little drummer boy. ;D IceDragonHikari: Lol, that was originally the plan! ;) Thank you. Samantha Story: Thanks again so much, your review really brightened up my rainy day. :) I hope you feel better. :{D Anonymous: Haha, well you did. Thanks! BK Love-ah: Thank you thank you thank you! Haha, your user-name makes me want french fries... smartyjonescrzy: Poor smarty, I hope you're feeling better now. :) Everybody seems to be getting sick. I am so glad that you liked the horse scenes. Thanks so much for your help. Ya, I did look up Stacey Westfall. Did you see the video of her in her wedding dress riding that horse? It looked so pretty. YarisVamp: Haha, thanks so much for making me feel better on my describing abilities. :) Hannah: Thanks a lot, Hannah, and I'll do my best to fit it in. :) Anntrell: Thanks so much! Congratulations! Break a leg you guys. :) *Please, not literally.* :) I stood on my tippy-toes behind Glory's broad back; with my over-flowing supply of feminine curiosity, it made me really want to find out what was going on. Robert politely told me to get lost so he can have a civilized convo with his buddy Forbes. Civilized is no longer the word I would use to describe their heated little argument...er... discussion . Though I could not hear what they were saying, until they started screaming at each other that is, I could read their facial and body expressions. It was pretty sad. Both were angry, reminding me of some cartoon characters that had steam puffing out of their ears. Forbes's yell-attack was so sudden and loud, it made me jump, Glory snorting; annoyed with me.\"LEFT! RIGHT! LITTLE FINGER ALONG THE SEEMS OF THEIR TROUSERS!\" Pardon my French but... WTF? Both of them refused to back down, retorting venomous comebacks to one another, firing sharp words at each other and having their own mini Civil War right there on the field. It was kind of like watching Superman versus Batman. Never mind; for Superman was a loser who changed in phone booths. What Forbes did next struck me off-guard, as it obviously did to Robert, as well. He bowed low and slowly to Robert, giving him one last smirking glare before strolling off into the direction of the barracks. I guess some things never change, no matter what century you're in, male 'bonding' doth exist. Robert stood alone on the icy field, shoulders slumped, staring up at the silver sky. He must have felt my eyes on him, for he snapped his neck in my direction, his eyes boring into my own. Oh snap, he caught me eavesdropping. Perfect. Play it cool, Alex, play it cool. Yes it's a shame that Alex does not know what 'cool' is. I ducked behind Glory's big stomach, but he moved , exposing me again. Oh no, today was not my day. Tomorrow's not looking too good either. Robert cocked his head, as if debating whether or not to approach Camp Readville's very own village idiot. Oh joy! I was just granted the honor of another reprimanding lecture from my cute, but nevertheless strict, commanding officer. I can die happy now! I dropped to the floor, pretending as if I was just tying my shoes, totally not looking at him. I felt him stop a few feet away from me, clearing his throat.\"Miss Janeiro, did you loose something?\" A twinge of teasing in his usual, knowing tone. I looked up at him from the muddy ground, blinking like a fool.\"No.\" I murmured.\"I just wanted to, you know, tie these laces.\" I added, pointing to the almost unrecognizable pair of Converse. Robert clasped his hands behind his back, arching one shapely eyebrow.\"You don't say.\" He murmured quietly. He gave me a look that said I should not consider acting as a possible career future. \"Excuse me.\" I muttered, scrambling up before he offered me a hand, remembering what happened last time. Awkward. He looked up at the sky, as if searching for what to say. I kept my mouth shut too, learning from experience that nothing wise ever comes out of there. We stood like that for a few minutes, while Robert's eyes fell on his horse, jumping back and forth from me to Glory, making myself feel like some bloody science experience, the way he stared at me, it got under my skin, how he looked at me as if there was something wrong me. He wouldn't be too far off. He bit his much abused lip, while I pushed my annoying hair away again.\"Miss Janiero, do you know how to ride a horse?\" He asked. I thumped my fist against my thigh, twisting my face nervously.\"N-no.\" I replied, refusing to look at him. He let out a sigh, and when I looked up, his face was polite, but his eyes wore a 'now why does that not surprise me?' expression.\"Someone should have to teach you then.\" I grew up in a suburb pal, where would we keep a horse, in the garage? Robert continued.\"We are in a war , and one can never know when riding may prove handy.\" \"Uh-huh.\" I retorted, scratching my head like an ignorant backwoods hillbilly.\"Is he hard to handle?\" I asked, truly curious. Robert didn't look at me, too engrossed as he affectionately patted Glory's head. Lucky horse, ahem.\"Well, he is a very large animal.\" Robert trailed off absentmindedly. You've seen things bigger than that, Godzilla Boy. \"That's cool.\" I replied, ignoring the fact that he didn't answer my question. That got Robert to strip Glory of his attention. Of course he doesn't miss mah slip-ups.\"Pardon?\" \"I said 'thats nice'.\" I shoved my almost frost-bitten hands deep into the pockets of my jeans. A girl in pants, the scandal! Robert wrinkled his forehead, surveying the field.\"Where is Major Forbes?\" He muttered, probably to himself. After he yelled at you? Hmm, he probably went to vent about it to Charlie. \"I don't know, Sir.\" I shrugged, helplessly. A lot of good that did him. Robert looked me thoughtfully, the kind of look your doctor gives you when debating if you really need that flu shot. I stiffened. Robert handed me the reins.\"Please take Glory back to the stables, you know where they are.\" I sure do, I still have manure on my heel to prove it. Lovely. Robert, scratch that, Colonel Shaw , mouthed a thank you, striding away from me with grace and finesse. I envied that. I didn't like calling Robert 'colonel' or anything to his face, it felt too weird, the guy was barely older than myself. So I just called him 'Sir', but mostly 'Hey'. I tugged on Glory's reins, falling into step with the four-legged creature, walking about an arm's length away from him. He was so big it kinda freaked me out, making me feel so small and unimportant. It was really humbling. I reached out to tentatively brush my fingertips over his beautiful mane. He did not seem to notice, following me obediently to the stables, like he knew the drill. The mushy wet ground was replaced by a thick layer of golden straw as we passed the threshold into the large wooden stables. Though it wasn't that much warmer in here than outside, it was comforting and cozy. Until he showed up. I ducked my head behind Glory's broad neck, his smooth, brown coat grazing across my cheek. I tried not to get him to notice me. Fat chance. I was invisible in the 21rst century, but here it's like I have large neon signs attached to me, saying 'look at me !' Of course he noticed. Trip stopped shoveling oats into a large wooden manger, and leaned against a wooden post, smirking at me. I pretended like I had no idea he was even there; acting like he, his ignorant lackeys, and Jupiter weren't didn't exist. I guided Glory into a wooden stall, thankfully he did not give me any lip. I backed out of it, hoping to get out of here in just one piece; instead of torn apart by Trip's jeers. I admit that I was afraid of the guy. My Converse foot landed in something warm and squishy. I looked down. Ah, but of course. \"Ew.\" I groaned, as the sharp odor of the manure invaded my nostrils, forcing me to breathe through my mouth. I dragged my foot through the straw, trying to wipe the greenish-brownish mess off of the rubber sole. Trip's laughter was hard to miss. I looked up, his Goon #1 was doubled over, shrieking, even wimpy Jupiter was grinning. I arched an eyebrow, what could possibly be funny? Jupiter tossed me a dirty rag, probably from a burlap sack that had once contained oats.\"Thanks.\" I muttered, wiping the remaining... junk off my shoe. \"You s-stepped in it didn't ya?\" He asked in his usual stuttering. I jammed my tongue into my cheek. It always annoyed me how people ask the obvious. I mean, we're in a war , man, there's no time for stupid questions. Ya dig? I should have your hat for that, snatch it right off your big head. I didn't say that, of course, the poor guy was trying to be nice. I was just a little touchy, like I said today was not my day. I smiled at him instead.\"Yes, yes I did.\" The bugle sounded. Ah, saved by the bell. I realized it indicated training time, as the men dropped what they were doing and rushed outside for another tongue lashing from the ever so gentlemanly Sergeant Mulcahy. But there were some things that took my a while to get. Like 'dinner is at oh six hundred.' What the heck was that supposed to mean? There were only twenty four hours in a day, not six hundred! Believe me, I know, I watch the TV show. Forbes was in the kitchen when Robert found him, getting a hot, black cup of tasteless coffee from Jerry the fat, but friendly, cook. Though there was no more 'static' between the two friends, there was no bonding either. They were empty, and it would be awkward for a while, even though they never had trouble recovering their friendship after their bombing fights. Rob asked him to train Miss Janeiro to ride a horse, saying that one never knows when she might need that skill. It took very ounce of Forbes's self-control not to burst out laughing at the ridiculous notion of Alex on a horse. If she can manage to break her neck by tripping over her own two feet, on the horse she will manage to kill herself, Forbes, and the poor horse as well. But Robert's word was law, and here he was, standing at the opposite end of the stables, smirking as several privates shuffled past him when the training bugle sounded. Alex was shooting daggers at Glory, dragging her manure encrusted foot over the blonde straw, trying to get every ounce of the revolting substance off of her odd looking shoes. Forbes laughed, approaching her, causing her jump. She glared at him too.\"Geez Forbes.\" She exclaimed.\"Don't do that, sweeping in here so suddenly like the bloody plague.\" She sighed, murdering the manure on her shoe with a lethal stare.\"Knock next time.\" Forbes grinned.\"It's nice to see you again too.\" She loosened up.\"Sorry.\" She must have realized that he wasn't leaving, and she stopped and stared at him, crossing her arms.\"'Sup Forbes?\" He frowned, he had a hard time keeping up with he peculiar intellect.\"Pardon?\" She shrugged, dismissing his question.\"Did you want something?\" \"Actually, I'm here to help you. Robert wants me to show you how to ride a horse.\" He explained, smirking at the amusing thought. She muttered something incoherent. Forbes leaned forward.\"What?\" \"I asked what makes you think I can't ride a horse?\" She responded indignantly. \"Alex, are you trying to develop a sense of humor?\" Forbes retorted, quirking an eyebrow. Her frown broke into a large grin. Forbes smiled back.\"Come on, you lost cause.\" He led her to a large horse. A tall, long-legged blonde mare with huge black eyes and a long, tan mane.\"Who's this?\" Alex asked, cocking her head at it.\"Lemme guess, Honor, Praise? I mean, Glory's taken.\" Forbes smirked at her.\"Alex, you're really not that funny.\" \"You're not exactly a stand-up comedian yourself.\" She retorted, grinning at him. Forbes raised an eyebrow.\"Touche.\" He muttered, turning his attention to the beautiful, long-legged mare.\"This is the horse you're going to be riding today.\" \"Wow.\" She murmured, a ridiculous sounding word that Forbes did not understand either.\"Is it yours.\" \"No, this is Charlie's horse.\" He replied, grinning.\"I don't trust you on mine.\" She smacked his arm, laughing.\"You're just like my brother and his stupid pick-up truck.\" Forbes was confused.\"What the devil is a pick-up truck?\" Alex looked a little panicked. She squeezed her eye lids together tightly, closing her them shut. Forbes decided that a 'pick-up truck' must have something to do with feminine issues and Forbes liked to avoid that subject all together.\"Never mind.\" He muttered. Alex gave him a grateful smile in return. Forbes took hold of the horse's reins and continued to lead it out of the big stable-barn. Gosh that was embarrassing. I felt like kicking myself as I followed Forbes out of the stables. What the heck? Slipping up and saying 'stables?' I knew I wasn't exactly Einstein, but come on, that was even pushing it for me. We approached the training field, one that I was sick and tired of seeing, surprised to find it empty. I asked Forbes about it, and he replied that the troops were training indoors today. Lucky them. I thought, pulling the navy uniform jacket tighter around me to block out the cold. Forbes stopped in the precise middle of the frozen field, the thin brown sheet of glass broke as we stepped on the ground, crushing the ice.\"Climb on.\" Forbes gestured up at the brown leather saddle on the horse's back. No way. That horse was huge. Did he honestly think I was up to it? My bravado was ripped away and I sulked, crossing my arms.\"What do you mean?\" Forbes frowned.\"What part of 'get on' do you not understand?\" The 'on' part.\"It's just that I don't think this horse will like me.\" I replied, which was only part of the truth. Forbes snorted, stepping over to the horse's side and doing something to the saddle. He strapped it in tighter, a belt like thingy around the horse's tummy, then slipped a couple of fingers under the belt. Seemingly satisfied, he slipped them out and looked at me, leaning on the horse.\"Don't be ridiculous, Nelson could not possibly hurt you.\" So he was Nelson, the little bugger. Well, not exactly little .\"I'm so sure.\" Forbes quirked an annoyed eyebrow.\"Stop acting like a quivering milk maid, Alex. Just get on it, it isn't difficult.\" \"I don't want to.\" I whined like the pathetic little baby I am. Forbes swallowed hard.\"You seemed fine with Glory.\" He reasoned. \"Glory was ten times smaller than Nelson.\" I can't believe Charlie actually rides this thing. The horse was scary. He was fat-ish, more like muscly, with a long flowing mane that made him look like he was some kind of Fabio. His black eyes seemed to glare at me, his nostrils flaring, as if every fiber of his being was daring me to get on. \"Alex, just climb on.\" Forbes retorted, cupping his hands by Nelson's belly, ready to give me a boost.\"It's perfectly safe.\" \"Are you sure?\" I cried, earnestly searching his face for a clue that he wasn't lying. Forbes shrugged, glancing up at me.\"Alex, he worst that could happen is you getting thrown off.\" He spoke calmly. Yeah, thrown off and breaking my back in a century where people cut off broken body parts. Nice. \"Thanks.\" I snapped sarcastically.\"That makes me feel so much better.\" He waited for me to set my foot down into his palms. I grabbed his shoulder, and he boosted me up. Gathering momentum I swung my left leg over Nelson's side, landing (astonishingly gracefully) on to his back. Forbes stared at me in surprise, as if he had been expecting me to fall off the other side and snap my neck. Alas no broken bones! Life's good. I was right, Nelson did not like me. At all . He swung his head back and forth, snorted, and stomped his hooves. C'mon, buddy, chill. Forbes barked orders at me. Things like: 'slacken the reins, it's too tight!' or 'Alex! Sit up straight! Don't slouch!' I could tell Forbes was annoyed at my slouching, but he didn't loose patience. And he didn't make me ride side-saddle either, saying how ridiculous he thought that method was. I guess I did have some luck. I lasted ten minutes on that horse, much to our surprise, before Nelson's patience finally wore thin. He jolted, ever so slightly, but I guess the saddle was not tight enough, and I ended up kissing the ground. It didn't really hurt as bad as I expected it to. Everything was sore, especially my thighs. The movie Spirit was coming back to me. Forbes 'whoa'ed at Nelson, calming him down, then lurched to me. This was like deja vu, from that horrible first day when my long chain of over-reactions was triggered. I still had a faint scrape on my knee from falling off of that bloody podium. \"Alex, are you hurt?\" His voice and face were concerned, but his eyes were dancing with laughter. \"I'm fine.\" I spat, pretty peeved.\"But I'm never getting on a horse again.\" \"What's the matter Alex?\" He made his tone sound teasing, like that of a little boy.\"Are you frightened?\" Yes , Alex scared. Alex did not know she could be so scared. Alex's pants are a little damp.\"No.\" I retorted, pulling myself up, ignoring his outstretched hand. Forbes smiled apologetically, then exhaled a long, tired sigh.\"Let's try this again.\" On his way to the horse stalls, Robert passed the fields, stopping in the sketchy shadows of a bare tree to watch Cabot's training progress. Miss Janeiro seemed to be reasoning with Forbes, gesturing wildly at Nelson to make her argument clear. Forbes replied to her with short monosyllables that Robert could not hear, but see the major's eyes gleaming with amusement. Robert was just glad that they were finally doing something resourceful, instead of loitering, their usual hobby. He entered the wooden stalls, manure odor attacking his nostrils and crisp straw crunching under his black leather boots. He led Glory out of his stall, showing the beautiful brown creature outside. He mounted on the left side, grabbing hold of the reins. \"Walk.\" He ordered, guiding Glory to the make-shift gates of Camp Readville. Robert had a thick stack of letters in the inside pocket of his woolen navy coat. He had decided to deliver them himself, instead of commanding somebody else to do it. Mostly because his eyes were tired of the dull, peeling brown color of Camp Readville's buildings, structures, and endless slushy dirt, and he badly needed a change of scenery. Even a brief one. Robert sensed the stares of men and women as he rode into town, his horse's hooves splashing the puddles in the almost frozen mud. He tried to keep his eyes down, but the prickly feeling of stares on his body made him turn around. His eyes fell on a small group of young women, pulling their flower-print bonnets over their ears. They giggled when they met his eyes, causing Robert to blush and look away. The remainder of the ride was uneventful. Robert stopped at the post office and 'parked' his horse in front of the wooden sidewalk, connected to all of the shops, wrapping around the entire block. He wrapped Glory's reins securely around a tall wooden post, serving for just those purposes. He trusted Glory enough to know that he would not go anywhere, regardless. But it was routine. Robert deposited his letters, stalking out of the small dressing room-sized post office, beginning to undo the tied reins, when a small shop across the street caught his eye. Robert arched one shapely, dark eyebrow. He felt drawn to it; which was ridiculous since the store only sold accessories for women , judging by the window display. Nevertheless, Robert stepped off of the wooden 'sidewalk' and strolled across to it. He opened the small white door, a shiny silver bell jingled as he went inside. The shopkeeper looked up, instantly ghosting to Robert's side.\"How may I help you, sir?\" The balding man with gleaming gold spectacles asked him, a slight English accent noted in his speech. Robert was about to decline, he himself having no idea why he even thought about going into that small shop; but the old shopkeeper beat him to it.\"A Christmas gift for a young lady , perhaps?\" Christmas, was it that time of year already? He felt slightly homesick. But the 'young lady' idea was a bit embarrassing. Robert felt himself blushing. The shopkeeper took that as a yes.\"Then might a suggest a hair ribbon, Colonel?\" He asked, glancing at Robert's kepi, clutched securely in his hand, to determine his rank. Robert couldn't speak, only nod like a fool. The shopkeeper led him to a small display of silk ribbons, with small crystal charms attached to one of the ends.\"Newly arrived from Paris.\" The shopkeeper gave him a toothy grin, a gleam in his eye as if he was telling a good joke.\"Confiscated valuables from captured Southern blockade runners.\" Robert was drawn back by the blockade runner statement, but he did not say anything about it. He reached for a midnight blue, almost purple silk ribbon, with a small rose charm at the end. It would match her jacket as well as her eyes. Robert swallowed and felt like kicking himself when he realized he was about to purchase something for his camp assistant. His whole body burned but his hand refused to put it back. Besides, Miss Janeiro's hair was always falling into her face, and it was Christmas. Robert convinced himself that this was for professional purposes only . The shopkeeper looked as if he could dance.\"That would be a quarter, sir.\" Robert nodded, digging into his pocket and producing one, whole, shiny quarter. The shopkeeper smiled at the quarter.\"Thank you, young man. Merry Christmas!\" \"M-merry Christmas.\" Robert spoke softly, for the first time since he entered the store. He stepped out into the cold air, the clouds threatening him with snow. But Robert didn't mind, he was too busy thinking about the unusual, yet pretty Miss Janeiro; and her dancing eyes that reminded him of Christmas on Shaw Island. He glanced down at the small red box in his palm, wondering if he would ever have the courage to give it to her. Ha! Rhett Butler was a blockade runner! Is it just me or does that title sound...dashing? Excuse my randomness for the comment and the chapter. I've got a sugar rush going. =p BTW, if you haven't seen that horse cartoon 'Spirit' then you might not get the chapter name. Merry merry Christmas (my absolute favorite holiday) and a Happy New Year! *Sings opera style* Revieeeeeew![Chapter 26] Thanks so much for all of the reviews, it was like an awesome Christmas present! Chapter up! Lol, review please. otose: I know, right? That song is so catchy. Anonymous: Yes, it's a really pretty movie, I agree. Thank you so much. smartyjonescrzy: Lol, you miss nothing, do you? Mare a female? How embarrassing! I was typing this out on Microsoft and my internet was down, so I couldn't double check ith you. I literally turned red when I read that. Internet or no internet, next time I'l wait until it's running again t double check with you before I post. Lol. I heart Spirit by the way, the movie as so pretty. (And the soundtrack is the bomb.) The Civil War trivia was fascinating. That's so cool that your grandpa was in the Union army! I'm kinda jealous, lol, in the 1860's my family was still in Europe. :) Beagle Bug: Hey! Did you get that camera? I used to have one of those when I was 8, but I couldn't get it to work so I got mad and threw it at a wall. (Got in so much trouble, lol.) YarisVamp: Lol, no I don't think you're immature, and believe me, your paragraph is much appreciated. :D Rainstar of LightningClan: Don't worry, I ADORE long reviews. I feel bad for not writing a longer one for you, there was so much I wanted to say in your stories, they are so good! I love the elegance and descriptions. I really think yo should continue 'True Character.' And thanks so much for making me feel funny, lol, that really made my day. High Queen Crystal: I better warn Robert to start running for his life, ROFL, it would be a miracle if he survived you, lol. Samantha: Thank you! Lol, I think one-liners make the world of comedy go round. ;D Lol. IceDragonHikari: I know, right? It's an awesome movie and I love the soundtrack. Gigi: Lol, Gigi, I swear you made me smile so big my cheeks hurt. Haha! ;D Samantha Story: Actually I was thinking about the period thing, should I include it? Knowing Alex, she would make an awkward situation out of it. :) (Good idea, what do you think?) Jazmonster: Thank you so much! I am SO excited to read your story, I loved it. Thanks so much for posting it, lol. Happy Holidays to you as well. \"That. Is. Enough.\" Forbes gasped from the ground, cradling his probably throbbing head in his hands as I gazed down at him from the Nelson, biting my lip apologetically.\"For one bloody day.\" I winced at him.\"Sorry.\" I wasn't really sure how it happened. One moment I was mounting Nelson for the thousandth time, using Forbes's shoulder and hands for support, the next I sent my left leg over Nelson's side, and before I knew it, Forbes was on the ground grunting and moaning. Normally this situation would have been amusing, heck it still is, but the vicious glare he was sending in my direction totally cut off my laughing power. \"No, that is it. I'm done for the day.\" He replied bitterly, pulling himself off of the muddy ground, dusting specks of dirt off of his wrinkle-free blue vest. I felt my eye twitch. Ew.\"I said I was sorry, dude, lighten up.\" Forbes blinked at me.\"Lighten up?\" He repeated, flabbergasted. I cringed, squatting my neck, my chin against my soldier.\"Please?\" I squeaked meekly. Forbes rubbed his eyes.\"Alex, I hate to ask you this, but are you deaf as well? I already know you're blind, if you were granted an ounce of vision you would have been able to see me instead of kicking my face.\" His voice had a teasing edge to it and he could not suppress his trademark smirk for long.\"I have never thought that having a foot in my mouth would turn out so literally.\" Which shows you gotta dream big. I grinned at him, clutching onto Nelson's reins for support.\"Well we all learn something new, don't we?\" Forbes just stared at me. He took a few deep breaths and reached for me, his arm ghosting to my waist as he pulled me off the large horse in one liquid movement.\"Thanks.\" I muttered, laughing with him. Forbes sobered, standing quiet for a moment, then he sighed.\"Best we go find Robert, eh?\" \"Eh.\" Robert stood with Charlie in the training barn; a large, drafty brick building with a hole-filled roof made out of straw and scraps of wood. It made Robert shake his head. Just because they were a colored regiment, they had to endure the worst possible accommodations; and made Robert want to clench his fists in anger and annoyance. He was here to observe the sergeant's training techniques. After his talk with him about Thomas, Robert noticed Mulcahy tone his favorite, inappropriate slurs down a notch or two, still using them often, just not in every sentence in front of very word. Nevertheless, the man never failed to look strong and intimidating to the men, and the majority of the recruits showed him submission and the respect he deserved. it made Robert smirk to himself to realize that even some of the officers are afraid of the man. Sergeant Mulcahy was in the process of training the men to stab using the sharp bayonets on their rifle-muskets. He was shouting drills at them as they sank their bayonets into burlap bags of hay that hung from the ceiling in front of each soldier. He shouted\"Thrust! Develop! En guarde! Thrust! Develop! En guarde!\" Eliciting loud warrior cries from the men as they shoved the bayonets deep into the burlap bags of straw, ripping and tearing the flimsy material. Small fires dotted the edges of the falling-apart building in an effort to keep the men warm. Even though Robert was wearing a dark blue, woolen cloak, he noticed the winter air was still cold. But the men's clothes were worse. Thin brown cotton clung to their shivering bodies, but they hardly noticed. They needed uniforms. Robert grimaced at the thought of how hard it would be to get those uniforms. Robert's attention was stolen away by the sound of stumbling footsteps approaching from behind him. He turned slightly only to find Forbes and Miss Janeiro, her eyes glossy and mouth grinning, laughing at something Forbes had said. Robert clenched his teeth. Back so soon? He should have to speak to Forbes on the subject of Miss Janeiro, they were getting much too close. Robert snapped his head back to the front and bit his lip, as she and Forbes went to stand off to the side next to Charlie. Robert blushed deeply. He was jumping to conclusions saying his major and his assistant were too close when he was the one who went off and bought her a present not an hour ago. Robert felt ridiculous. The small red package safely hidden inside his coat pocket burned him. He was irritated that he had to struggle to pay attention to the drilling as the glossy ribbon continued to steal his attention. It mocked him. Robert noticed Mulcahy stop in front of a young man. Robert bit his lip sheepishly when he recognized him as the man he shot Forbes's revolver over his head just a few days ago. Mulcahy paused.\"You're not at dancing school, son! Take his head off!\" He barked. The young man gave him an assuring nod to indicate that he had heard him, his jaw set and his eyes blazing in determination, sinking his hard rifle into the soft material. Apparently Sergeant Mulcahy was satisfied with the boy's response, as he stalked to the next person; a tired gravedigger that Robert met at Antietam.\"Thrust! Develop! En Guarde!\" Mulcahy continued, on and on and on as the men thrusted and developed Robert had to admit that he was glad to have Mulcahy here. The man really did his job. Or at least he was glad until the sergeant stopped in front of Thomas. Thomas froze as he felt the sergeant stop behind him, the men quieting down, eager to see what the white officer would do. Thomas swallowed hard, fear gripping his educated mind and ice sliding slowly down his spine, leaving a stinging, figurative trail behind itself, as he clutched his rifle with his bony hands in a death grip around the barrel and handle, as if squeezing it for support. \"Jesus, Mary, and Joseph.\" Thomas heard Mulcahy mutter, annoyed.\" What do we have here?\" Thomas allowed himself a tentative glance at the sergeant, who stood frowning at Thomas as if he was some sort of insect. \"Bonnie Prince Charlie and his little toy bayonet.\" Mulcahy spat, mocking him.\"You're not reading your books now!\" Thomas dragged a sleeve across his nose, pretending not to notice the ignorant Trip smirking at him. The other members of A Company stared at him, some with amusement, and some with fear for him. Frankly, Thomas was a little scared as well. Especially when Mulcahy's hands reached out and pushed him into a larger training circle.\"Go on, get over there!\" Thomas circled around to avoid hitting anyone with his long rifle, and froze to stare at Mulcahy. \"Stab me!\" The sergeant ordered, his lips barely visible underneath his thick mustache. Thomas frowned. Perhaps he had not heard correctly.\"What?\" Mulcahy rolled his eyes, taking in a short, irritated breath.\"Stab me .\" He spoke much louder, but much more slowly, pointing at his chest. Thomas hesitated, shoving a tongue in his cheek. Alright then, but you will regret it. Thomas gave a feeble little thrust at Mulcahy, so that the man might have some time to get out of the way if he turned yellow from fear. But Thomas was surprised when Mulcahy's big hand, at lightning speed, zapped out and thwacked on the muzzle o the rifle, sending it spinning away along with Thomas. \"I said stab not tickle!\" Mulcahy barked and Thomas cringed at the embarrassing laughter that rippled across the room in result to the sergeant's humiliating statement. Gritting his teeth and his mouth down turned into a grimace, Thomas Searles closed is eyes and gave Mulcahy a stronger thrust. He felt the rifle being hit away from him again as he spun around. He opened one eye to see Mulcahy, eyes blazing, glaring at him.\"Come on! You prissy little school girl!\" Humiliated, Thomas felt his face burn.\"You're the worst soldier in this whole company now hit me!\" Thomas' eyes blazed over, that was the last straw . He hated having people taunt him, hated having people laugh at him, hated that smirk stitched on Trip's long face. He gathered all of his anger and humiliation to produce a strong, secure thrust and lunge, gathering momentum before striking, not caring if he missed or not. Without skipping a beat, Thomas lunged with a war cry. His cry of bravery was change into one of pain as Mulcahy ripped the rifle out of his hands, stabbing Thomas in the gut with the butt of the gun, shoving the barrel into Thomas' jaw. Thomas' vision was blurred, but he did not miss the sensation of falling, and within a few seconds, his back made contact with the floor, hard , crushing his skin. To make it worse, Thomas felt hot tears of pain and embarrassment rush down his cheeks. He opened his eyes slowly, whimpering, to find the barrel of the gun in his face, Mulcahy staring at him from behind it. Robert was horrified. His eyes were wide and his mouth fell open, probably giving the illusion that he was an ignorant fool. He stared down at Thomas, then up at Mulcahy, his gaze jumping back and forth between them. One of his best friends had just been given a good beating, and Robert was not even allowed to show that he actually cared. He tried to at like it did not matter, and gratefully, no one noticed his little falling-apart moment. No one except Miss Janeiro, who's intense gaze locked on Robert that he had to struggle to avoid. \"No shame son, get up.\" Sergeant Mulcahy was saying softly to Thomas, pitying him. To Robert's horror his friend was actually in tears. Thomas whimpered in an attempt to get up, but apparently it hurt to move.\"I said get up!\" Mulcahy shouted, all trace of pity erased from his tone. Robert wanted to tell him to stop, but that would show weakness in his leadeship abilities. \"Nigger forgot to duck, is all.\" A tall negro man in a top hat smirked at Thomas, sending his small circle of ignorant fools to laugh rudely. Robert lurched forward, pointing at him. How dare he?\"Sergeant!\" Mulcahy immediately straightened, waiting for Robert's command.\"Deal with that man!\" That's gotta hurt. I winced myself as I saw Thomas go down from the rifle butt-kicking, feeling Forbes stiffen at my side. I glanced to get a look at Robert's face. His eyes were wide and his forehead scrunched in panic and horror. He looked like he was struggling not to rush over to help Thomas up as he lay in the straw, hot tears flowing from the tear ducts at his ebony eyes. It was so sad. I wanted to help him up too. To top it off, Trip, even less maturer than myself, managed to joke about it. There was an amused gleam in his eyes as he taunted Thomas. Adding insult to injury. You should have seen the way Robert snapped into action, his eyes blazing with anger and offense. He ordered Mulcahy to go deal with it. Mulcahy looked like there was nothing that could bring him more pleasure. He must have thought I was Charlie, or the timid corporal next to me, for without a glance in at us, he all but tossed the rifle in our direction. I caught it as it leaned back towards me, and almost immediately when I touched it, both Charlie and the corporal, followed by Forbes, stepped back cautiously. I resisted shooting them a glare. I watched as Mulcahy approached Trip, speaking in a low, hushed voice. I could not hear it well, but I made out a few words.\"Tell you...wee secret...mouth SHUT!\" He shouted the last word, shoving Trip roughly down on the ground, who managed to catch himself before his face made contact with the frozen, straw covered dirt. Amazingly enough. Trip grinned ferociously, like a hungry wolf, looking like he was about to strike Mulcahy. He was lucky that Rawlins caught him, forcing Trip to look at him.\"Save it, son. Save it.\" Wise advice, you the man. Seemingly satisfied, Robert gave a feeble, after-shocked nod.\"Carry on, Sergeant Mulcahy.\" He turned to leave, Forbes blinking at him with a blank expression on his face. Robert gave him one look and Forbes twitched away. Thomas dragged himself off the ground, his forehead throbbing. He had to speak with Robert, before the man left again. He was always disappearing. He needed to tell him about what he thought of this kind training. He wanted him to know that he felt it was inhumane, and that he had always thought that Robert would act the same as in the army as he acted before the war. Care-free. \"Robert. Robert!\" He called, struggling to keep up and get his attention. Robert turned slowly, his forehead wrinkled and his teeth working at his bottom lip. \"I'd like to speak with you in private.\" He gasped, his stomach hurt and it was hard to talk.\"If I may.\" There was heavy sorrow in his eyes, as he labored to formulate audible words in his mouth, plugging them out slowly, one be one.\"Enlisted men,\" He paused to bite his lip again.\"Wishing to speak to their commanding officer, must first get permission.\" Thomas felt as if Robert had just slapped him. Robert leaned forward, his forehead wrinkled.\"Do you understand, Private ?\" He accented the last word, so as to tell Thomas that he should know his place. Thomas swallowed hard, blinking back the tears, and sniffing through his blocked nose. He saluted vulnerably.\"Yes, sir.\" Robert saluted back, he looked as ashamed as Thomas felt, spinning away from him and exiting the training yard. Thomas noticed Forbes watching him, an apology written both on his lips and in his eyes. Thomas exchanged a long, loaded, glance with his friend, until a loud bang of a single gun shot made them both jump. Robert felt horrible. He wished things did not have to be this way. This was a god example of why he hated being in charge. Everything was always your fault, and no matter what you do something bad happens. Too choose the lesser of two evils was his job, but no matter which one he decided on it was still an evil. Not a good thing, and definitely not what Robert wanted. He wanted with speak with Robert. He wanted to tell him he was sorry. But that was impossible. He was his commanding officer, and Thomas must know that they can not be friends in the army as they were before, in the golden days of their sunny childhood, when it never seemed to rain. Figuratively. He had to treat Thomas the same as with everyone, not give him special privileges. Robert jumped and his eyes widened at the shot of gunfire. He spun around quickly, slightly panicked. I stared up at the big hole in the ceiling. Lets just say two people left the training room crying that day. I'll get to the Christmas scene, I promise, even though I'm runnng late. :) I swear I watch this movie ever Saturday for story material, and sadly I never get bored of it. That's how good it is, lol. *I can't watch the end though, too sad.* Review please. :D You know the drill. ;)[Chapter 27] Woohoo. Another chapter. I can barely keep my eyes open. Ahem. Anyway, on with the show... :) BTW, glad that ya'll knew what I was getting at with the Spirit chapter. Hehe, I love the soundtrack. :) Jazmonster: Haha, thanks so much. I'm so glad that you already have 3 chapters up, your story is so hilarious. ;) Anonymous: I can't wait either. ;) BK Love-ah: Don't fall off...lol...*cough* lame joke *cough* xD Otose: In the movie when that happened, he told him to ask somebody before coming to see him because it was protocol back then...I believe it still is. ;) YaRisVamp: Lol! Thanks so much, you make me feel funny, lol. \"Stab! Not tickle!\" Priceless. Samantha Story: Thanks so much for the idea, lol, it will save me from writers block later on... Beagle Bug: Lol, you know what they say \"Ebay has it all.\" Good luck, I hope you find one. smartyjonescrzy: I hope you find out! (That'd be so cool, wouldn't it?) I know my family came to the states in the mid 1870's and went on the Oregon Trail *descended the Sierras and into the promised land of California* been here ever since. :) Lol, I can't bring myself to the end because I get a sinking feeling in my gut and I start to cry...lol. I was just running out of ideas. And she shot Thomas's weapon, who is the 'underdog' in the movie and I just thought he would forget to clean his gun because he's very...very...Thomas. :) But I see what you're saying. ;p Thanks! (BTW, I read you GWTW fics [about Willy] and you're really good. Just a suggestion, but you should try a Glory fic, I think you'd do an awesome job!] Rainstar of LightningClan: Thank you so much for all of the wonderful reviews! I love to read them, and no I don't think you're annoying, you brightened up my dull, rainy, review-less days by your reviewing and I like you quoteing *makes me feel funny* lol. Thanks so much, again! IceDragonHikari: Thank you! The Grudge seems so familiar, I must have seen it before. Well, what genre do you want it to be? Horror? Angst? Romance? :) I felt my mouth drop open in shock, but I couldn't have closed it if I wanted to. I was paralyzed for a moment, staring up at the sunlight that streamed in through that hole and onto my stupefied expression. Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the training-room, not a creature was stirring, not even a Trip. Nah, it just doesn't work. I can't breathe. I can't think, (which is obvious enough without saying so.) I was mortified, as I struggled to avert my gaze from the small, ugly gap in the straw-and-wood ceiling. I turned warily, biting my lip to see how much damage I had done to the people. Almost everyone's face was red from suppressed laughter, except for Mulcahy's, who's green eyes were wide and jumping back and forth between the rifle, (which lay discarded on the floor after I dropped it with a yelp), and the perplexed Thomas with a dazed expression painted on his face. I saved the worst for last. I turned my head slowly, my eyes were closed... I think , to look at Robert. Yes, they were closed, I remember not being able to see him and having to open them. I peered at him through my half-opened eyelids. He stared right back. Several yards away from me, Robert appeared to be scrutinizing my every move, as if I was some sort of alien freak. His face was smooth, and his usually expressive brown eyes were blank. Oh no . Evidently he appeared to be thinking. Never a good sign. His tongue now jammed into the side of his cheek, and his rapid blinking irregularly abnormal. Oooh, big words, Alex. I felt like choking. No! I wanted to shout. It's not my fault! That's not my gun! It's not my job to clean it! But from weeks of hanging out with Robert, I knew he didn't believe in shifting-blame in the army. I felt awful for my problem-causing self, and horrible on Thomas' behalf, too. His face turned sidewalk grey as he stared at me, bewildered, blinking repeatedly as he shifted his gaze from me to the gun. It must have have been terrible for him, after being so cruelly 'punished' by Mulcahy, and now this : forgetting to clean out your weapon. Wasn't that a major offense here? There was a boisterous laugh, and by the volume and crudity of it, it obviously belonged to Trip.\"She shoot worse than you, Snowflake.\" Both Thomas and I turned red as turbulent laughter from the small immature group of the regiment, mostly Trip's lackeys, erupted in ugly ashes around us. I felt my ears turn red too, feeling a body-blush coming on, my face hot like fever. Thomas was staring at the ground, his face was contorted and split into two emotions, one was humiliation, the other was anger. He looked like he was ready to punch Trip in his pretty face. I turned my blurry vision to Robert, who looked even more annoyed.\"Sergeant, deal with that man... again .\" I didn't see what Mulcahy did to Trip this time, only hearing the loud thump as his body hit the ground. I had to get out of here. I felt like falling apart. To my horror, I was beginning to cry, for the second time since I been here. Ths was so humiliating, with all those people laughing at me, just like in highschool. It didn't help that Robert was staring at me like I was some sort of screwed up science experiment. I wasn't brave enough to just face the problem, I just felt like being a cry baby. I speed-walked past Robert, who had a twisted, recoiled expression on his face. I heard him call my name softly.\"Miss Janeiro.\" But I refused to listen to another lecture from him. Robert felt terrible. He understood it was an accident. He knew that very well, even though he would still have to tell Charlie to lecture Thomas about checking his rifle. Did the man not realize how dangerous it could be? How lucky they were that Miss Janeiro shot the roof and not a man? Or what if he accidentally jerked the trigger and it erupted right into Mulcahy's chest when he was showing him how to stab? Robert sighed and shook his head; as poor Miss Janeiro, to his horror, fled past him tying to hide her tears.\"Miss Janeiro!\" He called her name softly, not sure what he planned on saying. He was grateful that she ignored him, saving him from making a fool out of himself. He was sure that she had heard him, since she acknowledged him with her violet eyes, locking on his own for a moment, without so much as a pause in her step as she rushed outside into the winter air. The laughter had died down, and the men had forgotten about the incident as the sergeant continued to yell obscenities at them. Frankly, Robert was grateful to have him. The young colonel stared at the open front of the poor-excuse-for-a-building where Miss Janeiro had disappeared. He was only vaguely aware of Forbes excusing himself and strolling outside, moving his head right and left in search of her. Tears were streaming down my face faster now that I was free from the accusing eyes of 'A' Company, away from the harsh laughter of all those emotionless men , black and white included. I dragged a sleeve over my wet nose, snorting it back, feeling like my dad's sister, who was an avid feminist strongly believing that all men are idiots, (and that my father was their king.) I wasn't sure where I was going, my feet seemed to be disconnected from my brain, parading aimlessly about the large, filthy campgrounds. That was why I was so open-mouthed when the horse stables came into view. I frowned, plugging my nose as a reflex. Why in the world did I come here? What was so special about this...this horse barn ? It smelled like crap, it was covered in crap, and it was producing more crap. Besides, I'm scared of horses, they're too big and and they make me feel vulnerable. I guess because the stables had living, breathing creatures there; and it's always better when you're with someone instead of alone. After all, misery loves company. I shuffled inside. It was warmer here, most of the wind was blocked by the gap-filled walls, whistling as it poured through the cracks in the wood. There were also two small fires at each end that were hot enough for me to feel the heat burning several feet away, as they crackled in large metal buckets. I nodded at one of the enlisted stable-hands, giving him a feeble smile before embarrassingly looking away to hide my tear-streaked face. I made my way to the only horse here that I was starting to warm up to, the blood-brown, strong and proud Glory. He snorted appreciatively as I went to stand in front of his stable gate, using one hand to pat him on his big, wet muzzle; the other hand wiping away a tear. \"Alex, please don't tell me you're crying.\" A highly recognizable deep voice begged behind me. I turned around, pulling a sleeve across my face again, brushing the stray tears from my eyes.\"What, you have a problem with that too?\" Forbes's expression was twisted. Both pity and amusement.\"Alex, you're being pathetic.\" He replied, not unkindly. I agree.\"Did you see ? Did you see everybody laughing at me?\" Forbes shrugged casually.\"So? Everyone laughed at Thomas, also. People laugh at me for being in a negro regiment all the time. Why does it bother you so much?\" It was my turn to shrug.\"I don't know, maybe because these things always happen to me and I'm tired of it!\" \"Charlie and I told you before, these things happen to everybody.\" He repeated, folding his arms over his chest. \"Oh yeah? Have you met someone like me before?\" I snapped. Geez Alex, get a grip.\"It's a curse that stalks me wherever I go.\" Forbes remained silent. \"See!\" I pointed at him, albeit triumphantly.\"I'm a horrible, ugly idiot and nobody likes me.\" Ugh! Mood swings. I frowned, speaking of mood swings, my...ahem...should be any day now. Forbes looked surprised, pushing himself off of the wall.\"Stop being ridiculous Alex, you're not ugly.\" I frowned, looking up at him, confused. Forbes grinned at me. \"You're what most would call attractive.\" I snorted.\"Right.\" He flashed me a look of mock disgust.\"Well not right now.\" He grinned.\"Since you've been crying, you look like the very devil.\" Love you too, Forbes. I sent him a red-faced glare. Forbes sighed, digging through the pocket of his woolen navy coat, uncovering a smooth white handkerchief.\"Here.\" \"Thanks.\" I accepted it and blew generously. \"I'm serious, Alex.\" He continued, shoving his hands into his pockets.\"On a good day you might turn a few heads, on a bad one...a few stomachs.\" I crumpled the soiled handkerchief and threw it at him. He caught it, laughing like a bloody hyena.\"But that's not all, is it?\" I threw my nose in the air.\"I don't know what you're talking about.\" Forbes smirked, glancing at Robert's horse.\"I think you do.\" After standard dinnertime, Robert found himself pacing across the wooden planks of his cramped quarters. He didn't eat yet, for he still had that ridiculous high-ranking officers Christmas dinner he was forced to go to: something he was not looking forward to at all. Robert could not believe it was Christmas Eve. It was so strange, how fast time flies. Robert fingered the small red ribbon box in his coat pocket. He paced and bit his lip; he bit his lip and he paced some more. What was he supposed to do about it? Maybe he should just send it to Susannah, wish her a Merry Christmas, and forget about it. The only problem was that Susannah would see right through him, send it back and demand that he give it to Miss Janeiro or she would come down and give it to her herself. Robert rolled his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. Susannah saw everything through rose colored glasses, and frankly it was annoying. He could not even greet a woman without Susannah pouncing on him and accusing him of being in love. As she hinted, obnoxiously, in one of her letters to him: How are you and Alex getting along? Then she had the nerve to quote Shakespeare: Robert, Robert, where art thou? Robert? Robert made a high, irritated sound in the back of his throat. He pulled the small red box out of his jacket and pulled the tiny lid off. The midnight blue silk ribbon was packed in long coils, like a taut snake ready to strike. (Though Robert would gladly face a snake instead of Miss Janeiro at the moment.) Candlelight shined off of the glossy ribbon, and it mocked him. A tiny crystal-glass pendent was attached to one of the ends, so when tied into some complicated knot or girlish braid that Robert could not even begin to fathom, the pendant would land in the exact middle. (As Susannah had once explained to him.) Miss Janeiro was not like other girls. Frail, shy, and dainty. She was loud, swore, stubborn, clumsy, and opinionated. Considered a 'failure' in the world of marriage. The only other women he knew that had that much to say were his mother and his stubborn sister Susannah. The SSS as he and Thomas used to joke about behind her back when they were irresponsible preteens. He could always lie. Make something up. Robert made his expression dismissive and serious, as he stared at his reflection in the man-size looking glass.\"Miss Janeiro, please get rid of this.\" Then maybe 'fling' it at her. But what if she did throw it away instead of keep it? New plan. He practiced in front of the mirror again as he changed out of his soiled, mud-caked uniform. He was nervous, but this time, his method was casual.\"Miss Janeiro, I found this at the bottom of my desk drawer and you may keep it if you like.\" Someone snorted behind him.\"Is that the best you've got, Robert?\" Robert jumped, blinking hard as if awakening from a trance. He was so absorbed in his monologue that he did not notice Forbes come to stand quietly in the doorway. Forbes was leaning against the door frame, a bottle from his life-time supply of rum in his hand, eyebrows raised in amusement and bright smirk displayed across his mouth like a bloody light show. Robert frowned, wanting badly to wipe it off. His face was hot and he welt waves of mortification rush over him.\"Y-yes, Major Forbes?\" Forbes laughed loudly through his nose.\"Honestly, Robert.\" Annoyed, the young colonel swore under his breath, turning away from his vile friend to pull the straps of his black suspenders over the shoulders of his clean white shirt.\"You are impossible, Major.\" Forbes appeared to be choking from laughter.\"You fancy her, don't you?\" What did he mean 'fancy'? What were they reckless fifteen-year-olds playing some ridiculous game? Robert refused to look at him, red-faced.\"Not now, Cabot.\" He replied grimly, tying the laces of his new, clean, shiny boot. Forbes was doubled over, plopping himself down on Robert's cot. He had tears in his eyes and his voice was high from the irritating laughter that escaped his lips.\"I think you do.\" Agitated, Robert yanked the bottle out Forbes's hands, discarding it on his desk.\"Not another word from you, Major, I mean it.\" He retorted. Robert was pleasantly surprised by the silence from Forbes, who sat across from him. But Forbes was still smirking, and Rob could feel the unspoken words in the air, and he scowled at him.\"Stop it.\" Forbes's smirked erupted into a grin.\"I did not say anything.\" \"You were thinking, it's annoying.\" Robert retorted, turning away from the chuckling Forbes to search for his other boot. Robert could not afford to act this way and pursue a relationship with anyone during this perioud of his life. Especially not with his camp aid. He was in the army for heaven's sake! Robert was ashamed for being so ridiculous in the first place, but it was hard to resist... Okay, this chapter might have been a little OOC and kinda cry-baby-ish but my brain is having 'technical difficulties' and I seriously don't know what I'm doing. :) I PROMISE net up is the Christmas chapter, I know I know, I'm annoying, but bear with me. :) Happy New Years![Chapter 28] Happy New Year! Otose: Ima go read yours now. :D SondraStar: Haha, thanks so much, I'm glad people read it. :) Jazmonsterr: Lol, Alex and PMS should be an interesting mix. :) Yay! Can't wait for cahpter 4! Anonymous: Haha, thanks! smartyjonescrzy: Proposing via letter? Are you kidding me? That's like breaking up over the phone. :) I so can't wait to read Where There's Will. It's gonna be good. :) *Too bad there aren't alot of Will fanfics out there, I really liked the guy.) :) IceDragonHikari: Soon enough? :D Eh? Ed? ;) Beagle Bug: Haha, Forbes does seem like a matchmaker, don't he? ;D BK Love-ah: Ooh, the pressure. Lol, jk. I'm scared it won't be good enough. :) Samantha Story: Haha, glad somebody liked that part, lol. Shiloh was meek. Shiloh was small. Shiloh was mute. Shiloh was alone as he sat in the tent practicing his drumming, frustrated that he could never hit precisely at the right beat. He had left dinner early, giving the left-overs of his food to Jupiter, so he would have some time with the tent all to himself to practice a little. He wanted his drumming to be perfect, better than the other boys, because he knew that the colonel wanted things done the right way. Shiloh liked the colonel. He wasn't old like the scary Union officers that dragged him off of a field in Kansas, taking him and his mother up North to Massa-chew-set. He was young, and he was brave, and Shiloh wanted to be just like him when he grew up. He wanted to be strong and courageous too, fighting off his enemies, making them quiver with fear at the sound of his name. Shiloh! He was glad that he joined the army. Things were fun here. Sure, they were tough and hard, but they were fun. It was better than picking yellow corn in the middle of Kansas, and having your foreman order you to do it faster or speeding you up by threatening to sell you South. His mother was the one who told him to join, saying they needed the money. Shiloh knew that well. Though he could not ever make anyone understand, he knew that very well. He used his drumsticks to beat his anger into the drum. His anger at being mute. It was so hard, not being able to explain to people what you were trying to be talking about. Having them stare at you like you're some kind of freak. His skin color did nothing to help him out either. But nobody understood it better than he did. His lack of voice was nothing dramatic. Shiloh was just born that way. His mother always used to say,\"Shiloh, God gave you two helpings of sense, but not a single helping of mouth.\" It made Shiloh smile, for he indeed was a clever boy. That was another reason why he would make an excellent officer, like Colonel Shaw, for he would have the best attack strategies in the whole wide world. He would be invincible. He was still drumming when his exhausted tent-mates came shuffling in.\"Oh my, my.\" Jupiter was stuttering again, he grunted.\"Somethings never change.\" He spoke bitterly.\"I guess the whole world hate the nigger.\" Shiloh wondered what happened to make him think this way. Trip, the only one he feared in the entire camp, turned sharply to face him.\"Boy, if you don't quit that drumming in here-\" He didn't finish his threat, leaving it incomplete in the air, as Shiloh ceased to drum almost immediately. The old man, Rawlins was crawling in next.\"Honey.\" He was the only one who called him Honey, for no one knew his real name. He cocked his head at the old man.\"Why don't you take your drum outside and practice?\" It wasn't a suggestion, it was a kindly stated order. Rawlins collapsed on his thin mattress of blankets. Shiloh did not leave for another minute, listening to their conversation. Jupiter's stuttering continued.\"T-that C-colonel Shaw, he a hard man.\" He gestured with his fist. Shiloh did not agree with him. \"He a swell.\" Trip retorted with a grunt, looking like every muscle in his body was sore.\"Just a nigger-beatin' swell.\" Shiloh felt the urge to defend the young colonel, but he couldn't even if his life depended on it. It was at times like this, he hated being mute the most. Jupiter propped himself up on his elbows.\"B-but he in the same boat with us.\" He stated, sure of himself.\"Secess come, take him, kill him too.\" Shiloh silently cheered him on. Trip only snorted. Shiloh wondered how somebody could be so bitter.\"Not him.\" Trip winced as he undid his laces.\"He a swell.\" \"He's just a boy.\" Rawlins dismissed the topic, as if the colonel was too young to think with his head, and it was acceptable the way he acted for someone his age. \"Yeah.\" Trip smirked, flinching as he slid his poor excuse fof a shoe off of his tattered foot. His foot worse off than the shoe that was a few sizes to small. Both Shiloh and Jupiter gasped audibly.\"He a weak, white boy. Beatin' on a nigger make him feel strong.\" Shiloh winced harder, he didn't want to hear anymore garbage about his hero. He crawled out of the tent as Thomas stumbled in.\"Ain't that right, Snowflake?\" He heard Trip vex the exhausted man. Thomas trudged alone through the snow, his rifle slung over his shoulder. He was exhausted, and his spirits were extremely low. He had just had a long, harsh, 'chat' with Captain Morse, about not cleaning out his weapon. Thomas felt like a fool for forgetting to do something so simple and obvious. But Charlie was right, the girl could have killed someone, or herself. Thomas looked up at the sky, his face scrunching up and recoiling at the icy snowflakes that melted on his heated face. Generally, Thomas appreciated snow, but today it burned, and it was not welcome. Thomas pulled the flap of his tent open, climbing in. Trip's face broke out into a smirk when he saw him stumble in, the little drummer boy snaking aorund him and outside.\"Ain't that right, Snowflake?\" Thomas had no idea what he was talking about, and frankly, he didn't give a squat. He collapsed on his blankets, hurting his back form the hard ground beneath it. Though he was not present since the beginning of the conversation, Thomas was no fool, and it didn't take him long to catch on the topic, to his dismay, that he wanted more than anything to avoid. \"He ain't been to no Westpoint.\" Trip was saying, spitting it out actually. That's right, he went to Harvard. Trip continued.\"And the onliest reason he in charge, is 'cause his mommy and daddy fixed it for him, ain't that so?\" Trip leaned forward, eagerly waiting to see what damage he had done to Thomas. Thomas was so repulsed by the world, he didn't want to see it. He covered his face with his brown hat hat.\"Ooooooh.\" He heard Trip mock his attitude. \"You thought he was different.\" He whispered, yanking Thomas's hat off of his face, much to his disappointment. Can't he get a hint? Can't he see that he doesn't feel like talking about it? \"You just thought you was so smart, didn't ya?\" Trip dropped the hat back over his face with a plop.\"Well you is in real school now.\" He turned away, his attention back to his mangled feet.\"Yep, he sure enough learnin' now.\" I trudged slowly though the campsite, all alone, staring at the sky that had finally released its snow on Christmas Eve. Small fires were set up in front of tents of the loud, celebrating soldiers, playing Christmas songs, (even some that I recognized) on old, beautiful, harmonicas. I noticed that if you looked hard enough to your right, and I mean hard , like squinting and everything, you could make out the outline and fire-lights of Boston, a few shot miles away from Camp Readville. I loved this time of year, and the cold I did not mind, marvelling at the snow. You see, my parents were divorced, dad in Massachusetts, mom in L.A. I stay with her in the winter instead of Boston, so I didn't get to see much snow in sunny, warm California, except the X-treme snowboarding races that everybody watched on TV. But the real thing was so much better than television. I strolled casaully between the tents, nodding and smiling at some of the nice guys, who didn't care if I was girl, or a boy, or probably even a leper. I liked people like that, though they were hard to find, especially in this era. I silenced my footsteps, trying to avoid stepping on crunchy snow when I neared Trip's tent. But my effort soon dispersed when I noticed a little boy, maybe about twelve years old, sitting alone in the snow, thumping away at his painted drum. I sat down next to him, startling the poor kid.\"Hi.\" I smiled. He didn't say anything, only blinked. I tried again.\"Merry Christmas.\" He looked at me like I was insane. Alright then.\"Hey kid.\" I kept my smile on.\"What? Can't you talk?\" I teased. He looked apologetic, and pointed to his mouth, then shrugged. \"Oh, I get it, you're mute.\" I replied sadly, he nodded excitedly, as if grateful that I finally got it. Honestly, I can be so slow sometimes. Excuse me kid while I take my foot out of my mouth. I felt so bad, wincing as I looked at him. But amazingly, he didn't seem to mind, only continued rumbling away on the hollow hide with his long, wooden drumsticks. \"I'm Alex.\" I introduced myself, sheepishly. He took a drum stick and outlined his name in the dirt. I read his difficult scrawl.\"Shiloh.\" I smiled.\"What a pretty name.\" He pointed to his hands again, and shook his heads. I understood that he probably only knew how to write his name, and otherwise was completely illiterate. It's so hard to imagine a world where people can't read or write. How horrible life sounds, when you think about it, seeing markings instead of letters, especially when you're mute, and can't write. Very sad. And very difficult. I sat next to him for a while, listening to his rhythmic beating. I had a feeling that if the kid went on America's Got Talent, Simon would like him. Robert strolled slowly through the snow, saluting at the soldiers whom he envied very much. They were so different from his own people, and after pondering, Robert realized they were more free than he was. They were free to tell each other what they wanted, act like they wanted, and joke and laugh loudly in public. In his society, on the other hand, this type of person would have a ruined reputation, and not be accepted in any decent family. But Robert found himself feeling enchanted as he watched them celebrating this night before Christmas. He pondered about the letter he had recently sent to his mother, going over it in his head: Dear Mother, News today of the defeat at Fredricksburg. If things continue to go badly, I wonder if I might not end my days as an outlaw leader of a band of fugitive slaves. Try as I may, I don't know these men. They're music, they're camaraderie, which is different from ours. I am placed in a position, where if I were a man of real strength, I might do a great deal. But I am afraid that I am not of much account. I don't want to stand in there way because of my own weakness... Robert threw out his lit cigar, which he rarely smoked, only when something troubling was on his mind. \"I miss Christmas on the Shaw Island.\" He told the air, lost in his own thoughts.\"The smell of the sea.\" I watched him silently as I walked alone, also, just happening to fall across his path. I listened to someone play Silent Night, or at least attempt to, on a rusty harmonica. The melody still came out loud and clear. It was beautiful. Just like he was. Something about him, it was so very... captivating . The way he worried over his regiment. How wise he looked, much beyond his years. How he thought of himself last . He looked like he was deep in thought, his forehead wrinkled, and his mouth taking drags out of a cigar, which he later scowled at and stomped out.\"I miss Christmas on the Shaw Island.\" He started to murmur to himself.\"The smell of the sea.\" I had to say something, something strong was lurring me toward him, like in those stupid Stephanie Meyers books. I took a step forward.\"Merry Christmas.\" I blurted awkwardly. He spun around, surprised to see me there.\"Miss Janeiro.\" He questioned, as if in disbelief. I nodded.\"Hi.\" He gave me a soft smile that made me melt like the snowflakes on my face.\"Merry Christmas, Miss Janeiro.\" He looked like he was debating about something with himself. I guess I'll leave him to it. I turned to leave, but he called me back.\"Wait! Miss Janeiro.\" I faced him slowly, curious.\"Yes, sir?\" His gloved hand dove int his pocket, and produced a small red box. \"This is for you.\" He replied simply, casually. I swear I fell on the ground. He rushed over to me.\"Are you alright?\" Alex is dizzy, her brain has deserted her for a moment, please leave a message. \"I'm f-fine.\" I mumbled. He put the tiny box in my palm, and helped me up. That same feeling electrocuted my body, just like it did the last time he helped me up, after chopping down his watermelons. He looked awkwardly from me to the box. Oh, right. I tore the lid off, like a little kid on Christmas day. I gasped as I pulled out the tiny present. It was a much-needed ribbon for my crazy hair, and it was so beautiful. I preferred to think that he was being thoughtful and noticed my falling hair, instead of just getting it as a lucky guess. It was midnight blue, shiny and glossy, with a crystal rose pendant attached to one of the ends. I tied my hair up immediately, feeling the delicate pendant land in the exact middle. It was beautiful. I glanced at Robert, who stood there, nervously wringing his hands.\"It's beautiful, sir. Thank you, so, so much.\" \"You like it?\" He bit his lip. I smiled at him.\"I love it.\" I couldn't believe it! Next I did something totally horrible. But Robert deserved it. I approached him, wrapping both of my arms around his waist in one big hug. Oh boy, Alex, oh boy! How will young RGS react? Eh? It's six am California time, and I'm dieing. Sleep deprivation may have mady the Christmas scene...lousy. :) Lemme know. Happy 2011! May you all trip, fall, and cry a lot this year. Trip over money. Fall in love. Cry from happiness. :D Xoxo, yours truly.[Chapter 29] Hello everybody, sorry to keep you waiting, school is making me suffer. Spent all day every day studying for Trig test, and they put me in PreCalculus for next semester! I is so tired. Aargh! This is how I feel about math: *gun to head...click* Or should I say: aim, fire? ;) Anyway...enjoy. Anonymous :*Pumps fist in air.* Thank you! XD XD BK Love-ah : Lol, I wrote it and I can't believe it either. ;D Jazmonsterr : Thanks, I'm glad you think it's cute. Good luck with Glory. smartyjonescrzy : Oh yeah, smarty, rub it in. Makeus junior's suffer. ;) Lol, lucky senior. Haha, yeah, I admit Stephanie Meyers has potential, but if only she'd actually use it. :) High Queen Crystal : Lol, yeah, Trip is horrible, he's always trying to prove something to somebody. Otose : Haha, I have Spanish IIII next semester, deep breaths, it's gonna be hard. Beagle Bug : Lol, after you said that I had a dream about Shiloh the beagle, it was...weird. ROFL. ;D IceDragon Hikari: Haha, thanks, they didn't I made it up. :) Hannah : Thank you thank you thank you! :) dress4m : I know, I hate the end, it's so sad. ;( sniff sniff MaryFairy : Thanks so much, glad you enjoy it. KiaraShaw : Thanks Kiara, that really made my day. :) Lol, yeah, I noticed the Shaw. ;D Good one. I could not believe I done it. I didn't know that I possessed such 'guts' deep down inside of me. It was at the spur of the moment, more like a reflex than a reaction. My arms circled his jacketed waist and I forgot about everything. The world ceased to spin. The deep, cheerful voices of the carolling men were drowned out by the sound of Robert's heart beat. The stars in the inky black sky seemed bigger, sparkling like diamonds that beckoned to be pulled down to earth. They were magnified, as more and more seemed to appear, like someone spilled a multitude countless, silver glitter on a black sheet of construction paper. Robert's arms wrapped securely around me, and my breath caught in my throat.\"Miss Janeiro?\" He whispers, his voice like a thousand violins. \"Yes?\" I say coolly, like these kind of perfect moments happen to me all the time. He inclines his head towards my face.\"There is something I've been meaning to tell you for a long time now.\" I flutter my eyelashes at him.\"What might that be?\" \"I'm in love with you.\" He says casually, but nevertheless romantically. And then our lips meet. Right. If you believed that, you obviously don't know me too well. I'm hurt. Now I'm not arguing that I didn't want that to happen. Kissing Robert would have been nice, but I cannot escape the ugly truth; and let me tell you, it was ugly . It was another one of those moments where I felt like I could kill Marty and Doc for a ride in their time-travelin' DeLorean. Lets extract the fact from the fiction, shall we? Fact. It was true that the 'stars sparkled in the night sky' and that it seemed that they were bigger and brighter and closer to earth, but that's only because the 1800's didn't have bright fluorescent city lights to block the multitude of them out. Fact. It was true that Robert's arms wrapped securely around me, but only to pry myself off of him. Fact. My breath did catch in my throat, but only because I can't breathe when I'm scared. Especially when scared of Robert, because usually when people loose control, they start jumping and screaming and hollering all over the place, but with Robert, he grew very very quiet, and his voice sounded like it came from a dead man's throat, and his eyes turned to fire. Not that he lost control, he just looked a little...panicked. Fiction. Robert's voice did not sound like a thousand violins, it sounded like, well, Robert. Fiction. I did not sound cool, I sounded hollow, kind of like the alien from The Fourth Kind. Fact: I had fluttered my eyelashes at him, but only because a snow flake got into my eyes and I was trying to get rid of it. And the rest is history, which will hopefully be soon forgotten and lost like most ancient history is. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you...the ugly truth. My heart was thumping so loudly in a cliched way, that I was afraid that he would hear it. Now I'm not going to lie, it felt tingly all over, not knowing why I can't let go. I was only hanging on him for two seconds, when I felt his hands on my forearms, gently ripping myself away from his body, like a soiled band-aid. I forced myself to look at him, blinking slowly. For a moment, I thought he was going to yell at me, but when I looked closely, I realized that the normally 'together' Robert had his panicked eyes darting frantically in every direction, as if his main goal in life was to avoid mine. Awkward. For a moment, neither of us spoke, until Robert cleared his throat, his face taking on a slightly pinkish hue, coughing awkwardly into his balled fists. I winced, taking a step back, refusing to look at him until he said my name.\"Miss Janeiro?\" I can feel the tips of my ears turning bright red.\"Yes?\" I whisper meekly, my voice coming out in a hollow, struck chord. \"There's something I've been meaning to tell you.\" I could hear the smile in his voice, but he cleared it away with another cough. \"Yes?\" I said softly, preparing myself for the sting of his dismissive rejection. I forced my eye to his face at. He stared back at me for a long time, finally clearing his words with a brisk shake of his head.\"Never mind.\" He murmured, side-stepping me.\"If you would excuse me, please.\" I frowned, a little confused, watching him leave. What was that all about? It wasn't what I expected. Robert pushed past the confused Miss Janeiro, trying not to think about her by focusing on the noisy crunch of the snow under his boot-steps. Robert felt a little guilty for leaving poor Miss Janeiro without an explanation. He was about to reprimand her for fraternizing, that their relationship should be strictly formal. But the look in her pretty blue eyes, he just didn't have the heart. Besides, he started it by buying that silly ribbon. It was a pathetic excuse for their actions, and knew it. He sighed, annoyed with himself. Robert knew this was wrong, and he was mad at himself for it. He knew it was a terrible mistake to give Miss Janeiro the ribbon. He knew it was terrible to leave her there in the snow, confused and without an explanation as he all but ran away from her. He knew it was wrong for an aide to embrace her superior officer. He also knew that it was wrong for that superior officer, though however slightly, to appreciate it. Trip winced, gingerly sliding a ripping, pathetic excuse for a shoe off of his gnarled foot.\"Oh, shit.\" He muttered, not missing Jupiter's audible wince as he stared at his blistered foot with a pained expression. That was good. It meant that Trip had his attention already, without even asking for it. So far, his 'little' plan was working. \"Man say there's a farm ain't but two-three miles from here.\" Trip speaks slowly, nonchalantly, as if it was some gossip tidbit he picked up that was probably not true.\"Said the lady over there gave him some biscuits and gravy.\" Trip's eyes flicker to Jupiter's twisted, bemused face. He turns his head and hushes his voice as the night team drills past their tent.\"She said if he bring his friends, she feed them too.\" Jupiter sits up in bed, propping himself up by the elbow, scowling at his empty stomach. Trip allows himself a sly grin, he had him now. Unfortunately, the old grave-digger steals the stuttering field hand's attention, though his words are directed at Trip.\"Don't even think about it.\" Trip grits his teeth as he watches Jupiter glance back at Rawlins, but his grin remains displayed across his broad lips, undimmed.\"What you say, buck?\" Trip beckons, trying not to put out Jupiter's small glimmer of interest.\"Biscuits and gravy sound good to me.\" He gestures at the torn-up 'sacks of leather' he found on some dump in Boston.\"Maybe get myself some real shoes.\" The grave digger speaks, warning him calmly.\"I'm telling you, boy. They find out, they liable to shoot you.\" Trip's black eyes flickered in annoyance.\"Nigger, is you an old man or is you an old woman? I forgets.\" He snapped, propelling his full-out edginess into his voice. He had almost had the field-hand, hook, line, and sinker, but the grave-digger fazed him away. Rawlins frowned at him disapprovingly, only to shrug in surrender.\"All right.\" He muttered, turning on his side on the scratchy blankets, facing away form the rebellious Trip. Jupiter looks doubtful, and Trip realizes that he is still hanging on a feeble thread, and he will try to persuade him back on to the hook. Grinning, Trip leans his face closer.\"Collard greens.\" He whispers the delicacy.\"Cornbread.\" But it's too late, Jupiter scratches his head and quickly shakes a 'no', sliding away from him under his blankets. Trip shoves his tongue into his cheek, annoyed at the nigger. He turns to crawl back into his own bed.\"C'mon, dream. Ima waitin' on you.\" He crawls into his bed, pulling the scratchy brown blanket over his body, noticing Thomas asleep with the hat still on his head. He's tempted to flick it off of the house-nigger's face in a violent gesture, but is too tired to reach. In truth, Trip just didn't want to go alone. It wasn't that he was scared, he just didn't want to do it. He was disgusted with those niggers being chicken. Especially that field hand. Be a man. Even though on the outside he was as black as the Mississippi mud, inside he was yellow. As Trip adjusted his pillow, a scratchy bundle of a torn coat under his head, he thought about the shoes that he was so desperate for. Every time he took another step, his feet felt like they were on fire. It was painful, and it ripped as if his skin was being torn apart. Trip was brave, but he couldn't take it anymore, and drilling just made it that much worse. He knew he'd just have to go alone. There was always something magical about Christmas, the way the snowflakes whirled around in the icy air, circling around him. The way everyone seemed happy, singing Christmas songs. The way families gathered around the fire by the Christmas tree, reading Charles Dickens. The way he had a tiny spring in his step despite his heavy homesickness. The way his camp aide... It annoyed Robert that no matter what he did, his thoughts drifted back to her , as if they had only path, road, direction, destination. Instead, Robert decided to go over his letter to his mother, the way he always did before mailing it to her, to make sure that he had left nothing out, or did not put too much information that might vex her. He pulled it out of his deep pocket, folded in thirds and hardly wrinkled. Dear Mother, News today of the defeat at Fredericksburg. If things continue to go badly, I wonder if I might not end my days as an outlaw leader of a band of fugitive slaves. Try as I may, I don't know these men...their music, their camaraderie-which is different from ours. I am placed in a position where...if I were a man of real strength, I might do a great deal. But I am afraid I shall show that I am not of much account. I don't want to stand in their way because of my own weakness. I miss Christmas on the Shaw Island, the smell of the sea... Robert trailed off, staring at the moonless sky, folding the letter back into his pocket before it got soaked with intricately-carved snowflakes. It was true of the defeat, when the mail was delivered this morning, Robert found himself reading Harper's Weekly over Forbes's shoulder during their morning coffee, not the exactly the most cheerful tidings to receive on Christmas Eve. It also didn't help Robert how he could not 'click' with the men. He had heard grand stories from his grandfather, whom he was named after, about great leaders in the Revolution who fought bravely and earned the respect of their men. Such as George Washington, whom Robert very much admired. Not only a great man, but a great leader . He wished he could be that way to his troops, not just an illusion, but-\"Robert!\" Ripped from his thoughts, Robert turned around slowly, pursing his lips in bemusement, to find a shivering Thomas wrapped in a thin, woolen blanket. When Thomas was sure that his tent-mates were asleep, judging by their calm, regulated breathing, in some cases snoring , he propped himself up, bundling his blanket into a fat brown wad in his genlte, soft fist. He gently stepped over Trip's dropping form, dragging a sleeve over his nose as he stepped outside. He wasn't sure where he was going, but he knew that he needed a walk. Life is strange, Thomas pondered, strolling slowly in between the tents. When he was a small child playing catch with Robert and Forbes, he never would have guessed that there would even be a war, let alone he would wind up in the middle of it. He cocked his head and stared up at the sky. There were stars, but no moon. He frowned, how strange, only to realize that it was being blocked by a thick glob of glowing grey clouds. Thomas reminisced back when war was a distant rumor in faraway lands. He took a turn around a khaki tent only to find himself several yards apart with none other than Robert. He looked lost, deep in thought, just like himself. Maybe they can think together, after all, two heads is always better than one. His mouth made noises, forming words before he could stop it.\"Robert!\" He called, not realizing what for. Robert turned sharply, his brow furrowed in confusion, wondering who called his name. Thomas stepped out of the shadows.\"It's me, Thomas.\" Robert blinked away snowflakes, and Thomas noted a hint of a smile touch his lips.\"I just wanted to say-\" Thomas looks away, struggling for words. He looks back at the waiting Robert, his eyes telling him to just say what he needed to say.\"I just wanted to say...\" Thomas chuckles, what did he want to say? He noticed Robert opening and closing his mouth, as if he too did not know what to say. He ran his tongue over his ivory teeth.\"Merry Christmas, Robert.\" Robert grins softly, nodding gently at him.\"Merry Christmas, Thomas.\" Thomas nods, biting his lips, hurriedly walking away from his friend. He feels Robert's stare on his back, and then the sound his crunching boots as he walks away in the opposite direction. Their short, tiny encounter maked Thomas feel a tad bit better, giving him a little hope that underneath that rough exterior, is still just the same old Robert. Yay! I guess... :D R and R, you know the drill. :D[Chapter 30] Gah, I'm not proud of this at all, this was just me being random. I tried fitting it all in one chapter, but I just can't write anymore. I'll do the rest in the next chapter, at least it will be one more chapter than longer. (I'm aiming for 54. Get it? Or is it too long?) Math and Spanish are driving me crazy with homework, and give me nada time to write. Review please. :) And once again, thank you for reviewing, you guys are fabulous! :) Anonymous: Alex surprised me, when I was writing this. ;) Beagle Bug: Oh I totally have an idea for Alex during the battle, I think you'll like it. :) Otose: Haha, guys are so confusing, eh? ;D BK Love-ah: I totally agree, and I wonder how he would have reacted in real life. Jazmonsterr: Thank you, lol, it did. I can't wait for your update. :) AlexShaw101037: Aww thanks, and thanks so much for reviewing A Year Without Rain, it meant a lot, and yes that was a very heart-stopping moment in the movie. :) Love your username, btw. ;) YarisVamp: you can run darling Robert but you can nay hide! ROFL that had me laughing for hours, lol, thanks! Samanthat Story: Yes they should, but it would be pretty hard for Robert (a guy who proposed to his wife via letter) Ouch. ;) smartyjonescrzy: I can't tell you how excited I am until I can finally add Miss Charlotte Forten into the mix, I have a feeling that it would be fun to write. ;) Oh yes, the next chaptar might be all about Trip...oops, the inside scoop. ;D CaPasseOuCaCasse: Oh yes, I havea real problem with the grammer and need to work on it. :)Thanks so much for the constructive critism and review, it truly means a lot. :) dress4m: Thank you. I think the movie dualogue makes the story more...realistic? :) What is love? How does it feel like? Not the kind of love you feel towards your parents or your bratty siblings. But the kind of love you would feel to someone else, preferably of the opposite sex, the kind of love you feel to a boy. In this case a young man just barely out of his teens. I never thought about this much before, what is love? It crossed my mind only once or twice. I admit I had looked up the definition in a dictionary before, but the meaning wasn't quite what I was looking for. Incidentally, Webster's is not the best source. Noun: A profoundly tender, passionate affection for another person; A feeling of warm personal attachment or deep affection, as for a parent, child, or friend. Alright then. Affection, to some it all up. I talked to my step-sister about it, who is three years older than me and already on her sixth 'serious' boyfriend in the past two years. I asked her that infamous question years ago, when I was fifteen. She gave me a look that had her eyes melt into a golden puddle of happiness as she thought about love. She was grinning and staring up at the ceiling for fifteen minutes until I finally pried an answer out of her. \"Go away Alex, I'm busy doing my homework.\" Which really meant.\"Go away Alex, I'm about to call my boyfriend and talk for hours about nothing in particular.\" I pinned her hands to her pillow.\"Why do you have so much boyfriends? Are you in love? How do you know?\" She shrugged.\"You just know.\" \"How?\" I pressed, staring her down. She gave me a look that would make Clint Eastwood duck and cover.\"Go away!\" She groaned, her face turning a few shades of strawberry-pink. I pouted.\"Please?\" She smiled and slapped me with a Tootsie Roll-shaped pillow.\"Some none specific symptoms: Your stomach does flip flops whenever you see him. You can't breathe when he smiles at you. When he talks to you, nothing else matters. When...\" I left before she could morph into Jane Austen. Lets see, what are my other sources? Well, John Lennon for one. Or was it Paul McCartney? Petty of me to not remember, my dad is an avid Beatles fan, more like psychologically obsessed, he gives me their CD's for Christmas (gee, thanks Dad) and even has a record with a genuine autograph from the late John Lennon, the Walrus. \"All you need is love. Ta-ta-da-da.\" Okay. So apparently if I had love and was dropped in the middle of the Sahara desert, I would be able to survive on nothing but dust, love, sand, dust, and love. Oh, forget the sand and dust, after all, all you need is love. Am I right? Ha! Lennon/McCartney have interesting philosophical ideas, they'd bring Socrates down, baby, down. Okay, enough. Time to think like a big girl now. But first of all, where the heck was I? After Robert so graciously left me on the outskirts of the little village of tents, I began walking in a random direction. I was too busy dissecting the meaning of love that I didn't even notice where I was going, until now. It was totally dark, and totally cold. But for some reason, I wasn't scared. Probably because I could see the bright diamonds dazzling in the sky, and the loud, unsurprisingly on-key singing of the few Christmas carolers that our regiment was so lucky to possess. I sat down on what looked like a big rock, judging by the outline of it. It took me a few seconds to realize that it was the same rock I was sitting on when Andrews caught me 'drinking.' We meet again. I plopped myself down on it, staring at the few miserable oak trees that surrounded the rock, creating a tiny clearing space. I leaned my elbows on my knees, my chin resting in my hands. I moved my other hand to my waist, fisting it against my side. I looked like 'The Thinker', only I was wearing a considerable amount of more clothing. Then it hit me like my uncle's Chevy pick-up truck. Was there even the slightest possibility that I was in love with Robert? Robert as in Robert Gould Shaw? As in the famous Civil War colonel of the famous Fifty-Fourth Regiment? As in the guy who's memorial I visited on a field trip when I was in middle school? Oh, this is heavy. I crossed my legs and went over my mental list. I squeezed my eyes shut and remembered everything I felt when I last seen Robert. I thought about that...er...educational moment when I hugged Robert, and instead of telling me off, he walked away. I still didn't understand what that was all about. I didn't get it at all. I need Oprah. Back to the list. What did I feel? Electricity. Fuzziness. Lack of oxygen. Warmth. That tingly feeling you get when your foot falls asleep. Only more pleasant. I felt a spark in my body, that must have been the electricity. Not as in 'Thomas Edison' kind of electricity, but the kind of electric shock you get when you...when you...I paused my thoughts...when you what? I wanted to whine at the world for no apparent reason. Why was this so hard? I had officially realized something. Drum roll please. I am in love with Robert. Or at least in the process of being in love with Robert. I'm falling really hard, and I hoped hope against hope that I wasn't crashing. Forbes struggled as he approached a small, glowing campfire, cackling and spitting fire into the night air, like his own personal glittering beacon in the black frosty night. Forbes scowled at the sky, patches of silver stars burning above him; most were covered by ugly charcoal clouds, fat and icy, threatening to spill thick, sparkling white snow onto Forbes's grimacing face. Forbes wasn't particlarly fond of spending Christmas on a frozen woodland-wasteland. He turned his head longingly to the east, where the dim lights of Boston glowed cheerfully in the distance. He didn't mind that much. In truth, it wasn't what he preferred , but he learned to ignore the sting of the December air biting at his skin, and the fact that he could see his own breath in front of his face. Forbes shifted a large pot of coffee that was slipping through the crook of his elbow and transferred it to a more secure position under his arm. In his other hand, he grabbed several tin cups in a crooked stack that leaned against his jacketed chest. Sensing that they were seconds from toppling to the flaky, muddy ground, Forbes picked up his pace and power-walked the rest of the way towards the lively orange fire, his current goal in life. Charlie saw him approaching and stood up from his cracked wooden log to grab th shaky blue-tin cups out of Forbes's slipping grip, transferring them into his own arms. Andrews remained stationary on his did you bring four? He asked, inclining his red head at the metal mugs that Forbes brought. Forbes set the pot of coffee down and counted the clanking metal cups that Charlie was clutching, two in each hand. Well, so he did bring four. No matter. Forbes answered Andrews' unimportant question with a dismissive shrug. The three officers, comrades, friends, amigos decided to spend their freezing Christmas the only way they knew how: slouch around a major fire-hazard, guzzling down legal addictive substances, and brag to each other on who suffered the most wounds during the terrible battle of Antietam. They would have asked Robert to join them, of course, even though he probably would have turned them down anyway, but the man was grudgingly forced into a mandatory Christmas dinner with other high-ranking offices like himself. Well, you can't have everything. Forbes picked the coffee pot back up again and plopped down on the log next to Charlie's. He dug deep into the inside pocket of his woolen, navy coat and produced a small, aluminum canteen filled to the brim with Kentucky Red-Eye. Forbes took a deep, long swig from the gullet, swallowing hard and wincing as the whiskey left a fiery trail coursing down his esophagus. He twisted the small metal cap back on and slid the 'canteen' back into his coat pocket, 'erasing' all evidence. No one would give a damn whether he drank or not, no one other than Robert. Which was much worse. Lieutenant Russel Andrews reached out for the handle of the coffee pot and poured steaming, Brazilian coffee halfway into each cup, leaving the fourth one empty. Forbes reached for his, and his two comrades did the same. He took a sip of the burning, black liquid, enjoying its bitter, exotic taste. The major 'aarghed' in appreciation, leaning forward and resting his elbows on his knees. \"I never thought that someday I would spend my Christmas with you two fools.\" He grinned, joking as his eyes danced with the fire. Both Charlie and Andrews smiled in amusement. \"This isn't the first time, Forbes.\" Charlie spoke up, smiling at a fond memory.\"Only it was with Robert, as well.\" Forbes squinted at the copper flames, lost in his own time machine.\"Ah yes.\" He spoke slowly.\"The Christmas party at Robert's mansion. I remember we caught a mouse in his father's wine cellar and unleashed it in Susannah's bedroom.\" The men laughed heartily at the memory of Susannah's panic when she discovered the poor, tiny rodent. They were fifteen, and the poor girl was twelve. Innocent children. Forbes would give anything to go back to those care-free times before the war. Before he had seen most of his boyhood friends blown to pieces at Antietam.\"I remember how angry Susannah was, the poor thing.\" Charlie chuckled. Forbes did not answer, his eyes captivated by the bright, passionate element flickering in the fire pit before him. He remebered Susannah. He fell in love with Susannah. He never cared for her before. She was nothing but Robert's kid sister, nothing more and nothing less. But lately, after being away from her for two years at Harvard, Forbes began noticing new things outside of the 'immature-child' label that he had given her so long ago when they were care-free children before their country was ripped in half. She had blossomed out of her shell into a beautiful young woman. A vision of a sun goddess, with long, golden-blonde hair and large, sparkling brown eyes that were so bright full of light and life, much like Robert's used to be. He noted that her figure also blossomed, though he would never admit that to Robert for he valued his nose and did not want his fist to smash it in. \"I wonder how the war will end.\" Charlie thought out loud, staring up at the angry midnight sky. Andrews answered that first, in a jesting we go the Rebs will be saying 'there go the champions. Forbes arched one blonde eyebrow.\"I just hope they won't be saying 'Yankee go home', Russell.\" Russel snickered, but Charlie suddenly bolted in his seat, squinting at the deep darkness.\"Did you here that?\" He gave them a sideways glance.\"It sounded like a ghostly scream.\" Forbes snorted.\"Don't be superstitious, Charlie.\" Russell Andrews sat up.\"I thought I heard it too. Could it have been a scream?\" Forbes rolled his eyes, trying to appear that he did not find it the least bit spooky.\"Not you too.\" \"One of us should see if everything is alright.\" Charlie suggested, not breaking his gaze with the darkness blanketing a few bare oak trees. \"Yes.\" Andrews agreed.\"We should do something.\" Both men turned to look at Forbes. Ah, but of course. Forbes grunted, pushing himself off the ground. He looked around himself to see if any one had thought of bringing a lantern. There was none, why was he not surprised? Gingerly, he grabbed a torch-shaped log that was sticking so conveniently out of the fire. He dug through his pocket and produced a white linen handkerchief with his initials stitched on in blue string. Without a word, he reached his hand out towards Russell and Charlie; both obediently produced their own kerchiefs and placed them in his hands. Quickly, Forbes tied and wrapped all three scraps of white cloth around the top part of the...stick. His right hand reached into the inside pocket of his coat again, producing the small tin of Kentucky Red Eye once more. He managed to part with a few drops, rationing them out on the kerchief. Sealing the cap back on with his teeth, he dumped it back into the deep uniform pocket. Slowly, he brought his make-shift torch to the fire and held his breath. It burst to life, burning only on the whiskey-drenched cloth, creating a perfectly flawless torch, exactly what he was aiming for. Forbes raised the torch in the air, grinning in triumph as the flames flickered and illuminated his face. Andrews gazed at him, impressed.\"I wouldn't have thought of that.\" Forbes cocked his head.\"Yes. Well, I like to use both sides of my brain.\" Andrews only shook his head in bemusement; but Charlie gazed at him skeptically.\"All that for a noise?\" Forbes scowled.\"You said we should do something.\" Charlie stretched his legs out.\"We should.\" He repeated Andrews' words. \"Exactly.\" Forbes turned away, plunging confidently into the darkness with long, daring strides. Robert was astride Glory, slowing him down when he reached the small 'officer's town' less than a mile outside of camp. Truth be told, Robert did not feel like being here. The only reason he dragged himself out of his tent this evening was that the 'invitation' used big words and made it sound like this was mandatory. Robert was hoping to run into the quartermaster, it had been weeks since he asked for those damned shoes and still had not received a response. Robert saluted to a shivering private that reached for Glory's reins as the colonel dismounted in front of the large cafeteria-like building, allowing Glory to be towed away towards the make-shift stables. He strolled diligently towards the brightly-lit entrance, trying to avoid eye-contact with a laughing group of sergeants flirting with a drunken bad woman. Robert mentally shook his head, removing his kepi as he crossed the threshold into the 'warmth.' Out of the corner of his eye he noticed a tall, scraggly Christmas tree in the corner, decorated by candles and popcorn strings. Another private, a few years younger than Robert himself, reached for his cap and blue cloak, hanging them on a nearby meal hook that was sticking out of the wall. He was seated by yet another silent private, who saluted and stopped Robert in front of a table with a fat, beady-eyed man smoking a Cuban cigar, and a strained blonde man that looked like he wished out be some place else. Great minds think alike. The fat man adjusted the white napkin that was tucked deeply into the collar of his shirt, removing the cigar from his mouth.\"You're Shaw, aren't you? Merry Christmas.\" He reached out one stubby-fingered hand and gripped Robert's long, slender one. Robert had dropped his fork back on his plate to meet the man's hand, shaking it with one strong pump.\"Kendrick, division quartermaster.\" Robert nodded, giving him a genuine smile. Just the man he was looking for. Kendrick leveled his head at the middle-aged blonde with small wire-rimmed glasses that was seated to Robert's right.\"This sorry piece of work is Haggis.\" The man tiredly trains his spectacled blue eyes to Robert's brown ones.\"He rights vouchers.\" Robert half-turns, twisting his body to shake hands with the disinterested Haggis, who looked bothered out of his present, lazy position.\"Pleasure.\" Robert tries, enthusiastically. The man rewards him with a half-smile.\"Pleasure.\" Their introductions are followed by a few minutes of silence as the three men turn their attention back down to their plates. Soon after, Haggis surprises Robert by speaking.\"How's it... going ...down there?\" He speaks cautiously, as if testing Robert's waters. Robert glances at him, before returning his gaze back to his plate.\"Oh, very well. Thank you.\" He makes sure to empathize the word 'very.' Kendrick looks fatigued, shifting forward.\"That's all right. Brass are all up to Division, planning the next disaster.\" He smirks. Robert only blinks, chewing slowly on something he can't taste. Kendrick lowers his voice, his pig-eyes twinkling.\"Your among friends.\" He grins, making Robert nod and respond with a wooden smile.\"How much longer do you figure they'll last?\" The tired blonde Haggis speaks in a voice that his sister Susannah reserved specifically for gossip.\"I hear they're deserting ten at a time.\" Robert drops the artificial smile.\"Oh, you're misinformed.\" He replies defensively, taking a sip of water. \"We haven't had a single incident.\" \"See?\" Kendrick gives Haggis a profound nod, an I-told-you-so set of his jaw was scrunching his double chin. \"I figure the nigs' never had it so good.\" He gestures wildly with cigar, almost as fat as his fingers.\"Three square a day, a roof over their heads...\" He chuckles loudly.\"...and they gotta no nobody's gonna let them fight. Am I right?\" Robert listens quietly, his mouth fixed in a tight line. He stares up at Kendrick and his eyes flicker as he swallows his pride.\"Yes, of course.\" He replies curtly, pursing his lips in a perfect 'O.' Kendrick seemed to realize that he stepped over some invisible line into Robert's sore territory. He ceased to laugh, leaving just a hint of a smile as he leaned toward Shaw. Robert struggles not to lean away. \"So, if there's anything you need?\" He tries awkwardly, attemptnig to fix the crippled situation. Receiving no encouraging response from Robert, he blindly surges on with suggestions.\"A bottle for the cold nights? A-\" Robert cuts him off, his genuine friendliness replaced with politeness he did not feel.\"Yes. Actually, I put in a requisition for some shoes two weeks ago.\" Kendrick's smile fades with each word.\"And I haven't heard anything.\" The young colonel speaks in an authoritative tone, his words distinct and his body language sedate. Kendrick's black, dwarf eyes dart instinctively to Haggis, who remains quiet, pushing his food around his plate and refusing to come to his rescue.\"Well, provisionaly speaking...\" Though he doesn't show it, Robert feels slightly amused at Kendrick's blumbering struggle for words.\"We're extremely...er... limited as to footwear.\" The corner of Robert's mouth twitches downward. Kendricks continues.\"I'm afraid that kind of item has to be reserved for those units whose fighting readiness...uh... supersede yours.\" Kendrick doesn't sound regretful at all, if the gloating shine in his eyes told Robert anything. \"You understand, I'm sure.\" Robert shoots Haggis a sideways glance, he returns one nonchalantly, in agreement with his fat friend. Robert grinds his teeth and anchors his jaw in disappointment.\"Yes, I understand.\" He exhales loudly, purposely injecting abrupt bitterness into his sigh. Robert glances down, balling his cloth napkin in one tight fist. His eyes flash back to Kendrick's cocky face. Robert all but glares back. In fact, he feels slightly alarmed by the pestering itch in his knuckles, as if begging him to make contact with Kendrick's face. He tried to make his instincts believe that this was not necessary. Robert sits for a minute, listening to the gentle hum of conversation and the steady rise and fall of voices around him. He hears glasses clinking against each other, and forks scraping the plates. Robert stares at the small flame in the gas lamp in front of him, as it danced and reflected in his spiritless eyes. He shifts slightly, dropping his crumpled napkin loosely right next to his plate, rising slowly out of his seat. \"Excuse me.\" He says, not that he means it; only it's polite and he has to. Kendrick can't get enough of Robert's downfall. He waves it in front of him. \"Well, stop by tomorrow.\" He sounded serious but his eyes were teasing him.\"I have got my hands on the most delicious local jam.\" He makes an enchanted face like his useless jam is the best item that is available in the world. He beckons his sleepy-eyed comrade. \"Myrtle berry, isn't it?\" Haggis hold his chin in his hand, rubbing at his short beard.\"Blueberry.\" He corrects. Kendrick waves him off dismissively.\"Right. Right.\" Robert watches both men through brown-eyed slits, unfortunately, his helpless jam won't put leather on his regiment's feet. Kendrick nods mockingly, his eyes shining like he just told a good joke. \"Nice meeting you, Shaw.\" Robert fired a loaded glance, pinning his arms securely to his side. He turns around mechanically, walking away form the cocky varmint on wooden limbs. Kendrick laughs ignorantly when he was sure that Robert was out of ear-shot. \"Twit.\" Robert hears him mutter, trying to be secretive about it to Haggis. It was all Robert could do not to turn around and shoot the man a double-take. That was not all that he felt like doing to him. That itching sensation returned to his knuckles, and Robert gritted his teeth and clenched his fists, sealing them tighter to his sides. He would get them those shoes. He wasn't sure how or when, but he would get them. I was still sitting on that hard rock in the dark, and it was starting to hurt my butt. I stared up at the starry skies, singing the nursery rhyme Twinkle Twinkle Little Star and asking myself why my life was so darn emotional, besides the fact that the monthly screw-up fairy has yet to visit me. Gee, I sure can't wait. I made a face, dissecting my latest conclusion. Was I in love with Robert? I was seventeen years old, eighteen in exactly two weeks, and according to ageist adults, I did not know what love is. Bite me. I knew the basics, sorta, kinda, maybe. I mean, there's nothing to it, am I right? \"Anybody?\" I spoke out loud to the sky. Then I began interrogating myself. Yes or no questions only, please. Do you feel excited to see Robert anytime? (So he can assign me another difficult task? Like riding Charlie's fat horse and shoving watermelons on nails wasn't enough.) No. Are you or are you not bipolar? No Comment. Frankly, that was a good question. But I won't think about that now, I'll think about that tommorow, when I don't have as much on my mind. I shifted my body weight, and crossed my right leg over my left. Of course I'm not surprised that I magically slid off of the stupid rock and landed right in the snow. I screamed as the wet, icy, powdery stuff soaked through my jeans. I jumped up, brushing off as much as I could. Oh my life. God it sucks. It was a few minutes later, after stomping on the snow in anger, did I see the light. No, not that magic light, like when an artist suddenly falls to their knees and screams in joy that the 'gods have sent them a vision for his next artistic masterpiece.' Right. Well, whatever floats their boat. But the light I saw was different. It was like fire, flickering in the distance, and it was in the air. It was held like a torch, and coming closer to me. It looked like the dead Torch-man that people tell you about during scary story time around the campfire. I screamed again, petrified, and too frozen to move. It stopped, freezing in place, as if it too was scared. It waited for a few minutes in silence, before advancing once again.\"We should do something.\" I heard it's voice, higher than nessacary, as if it was mocking someone's words. It snorted.\"We. We. We.\" Oddly, the dead Torch-man sounded a lot like Forbes.\"Why does the 'we' always has to be ' me ' all the damn time.\" He continued with his agited monologue. I loosened up a little, squinting at the light as it drew closer.\"Forbes!\" I croaked. The light stopped, flickering in place.\"Alex? Is that you!\" He called, his voice echoing across the campsite. He drew closer and I stepped into his circle of light. Thank God and Hallelujah that it wasn't the Torch-man. I heard him swear under his breath when he saw me.\"Why did you scream?\" He demanded. \"I fell in the snow.\" I replied sheepishly. Forbes stared at me. He sighed. Then he stared some more. He gestured with the torch, back at the campsite.\"Ladies first.\" Not really sure why I called this chapter \"Bite Me.\" Must have been the homework that's causing my sleep deprivation. Or maybe that little 'static-y scene w/ Rob and the Quartmaster. [If only he knew what was coming to him.]) :) Note: Russell Andrews was a real character in Glory, he's even in the credits. :) Fun fact: Did you know that while filming Glory the stars Matthew Broderick and Cary Elwes did NOT get along on set? Director Zwick says that in the commentary. Scandalous. ;)[Chapter 31] Sorry for taking for EVER, it's been what? Almost a month? So much has happened since then: renewd my permit, had a b-day, went to Boston for b-day andgot to see Shaw Memorial! And talk to a tour guide! Yay! Funny, the Shaw Memorial is smaller than I imagined it to be. But it was so beautiful in real life. I just stood there and stared at it for literally half an hour, then I told my dad allabout RGS, it was super cool. Anywho... otose : Aww. You're lucky to have such a sweet boyfriend. Beagle Bug : Thanks a bunch Ugh, don't even get me started on finals... IceDragonHikari : I'm not random, people just can't think as fast as me. Jk jk jk. Sorry for the wait. ;) CaPasseOuCaCasse : Thank you! I'm a history freak too (as I told you) and add a mix of time travel to it and I am in love. :) By the way, hows your story coming? If you're gonna need the script again, please let me know. :) BK Love-ah : Took her a while to figure that one out, eh? :D Jazmonsterr : Ralex! Haha, that made my evening. If only the other half of the Ralex would agree. (Hey! If we change the a to an o it would be Rolex, like the watch, get it?) Haha...not funny. ;) CarminaxBuranax : I would update sooner, but teachers just don't seem to realize how important fanfiction is! Ugh/. dress4m : Well, it's about Matthew, I thought it could fit in. Anonymous : I know, right? They totally fooled me. Great acting! YarisVamp : Mentioning my story? Now that made my day. :D smartyjonescrzy : Glad your back! But I love the detail, I am a freak for detail. Aren't the tiny things the most important ones? No. Only in CSI. ;D I read the Susannah part on Wiki, too bad it was AFTER I posted that on site, which is what I call...ironic. Haha, I was waiting for youn to point that out, thinking of all people, smarty will catch it for sure! :D Thanks! Hannah : I hope it will! :) Come spring break there will be more time to type! Yay me! ;) Samantha Story : Haha, me neither. ;) Trip cracked one toffee eye open, peering into the silent darkness. It was quiet, cliched even, too quiet. Trip held his breath as he slowly unwrapped his body out of a thin, dirty blanket, wriggling his arms and legs until they were free of his bed. Blinking in attempt to make his eyes adjust faster, Trip searched the tent floor with his hands for his pair of 'shoes.' If that field-hand was going to be such a square, then Trip was going alone. By now, he could make out the shapes of the sleeping figures of his tent mates, their chests rising and falling along with their automatic breathing. Trip winced as the wrinkled leather made contact with his swollen foot, sliding it on to his raw skin as quickly as he dared. His throat was on fire as he struggled not to breathe, pulling the tan flap toward himself and slipping soundlessly out of the tent. He burst into gasps as he drunk in the cold, midnight air, rubbing his upper arms to cause friction for heat. Trip cast his eyes up to the full moon, gazing at it's chalky-white crevices and studying its position in the sky. He guessed it to be an hour or so after midnight. Plenty of time, he assured himself. He remembered it being three miles to the lady's farm, perhaps four. He could jog a mile in less than fifteen minutes. That wuld take two hours off of his time table, one to get there, the other to come back. Roll call is at six in the morning. It is currently one. Plenty of time. My eyes were locked on Forbes's back, following his tall, slender form through the darkness of the trees and into the dim glow of he moonlight. Forbes occasionally threw a glare at me over his shoulder, and I scowled right back, matching his enthusiasm. I knew he was pretty peeved, but Forbes is peeved at everything. Let him be mad, he'll get over it, it was a simple misunderstanding. He turned around again, his eyebrows knitted together in frustration; I crossed my arms and stuck my tongue at him, childishly. His reaction wasn't what I was aming for. He burst out laughing, cover his face with his hands and shifting to the side so that I could walk next to him instead of behind him. We would make awesome BFFs, the dynamic duo, for we couldn't even stay mad at each other for longer than two minutes. Forbes was still smiling as we trudged our way into camp, sloshing through the muddy snow. It looked like somebody spilled buckets and buckets of chocolate slushies on the ground. I narrowed my eyes at it, it looked almost edible. We trudged in cheerful silence through the...snow, glowing orange dots of fires appearing in the distance. Forbes angled his body to the left and marched expertly towards one of the campfires, aiming at the one with two other figures seated beside it. As we approached, I recognized Charlie the Unicorn and Andrews the...the...we'll leave that blank; sprawled on wet logs with tin coffee mugs in their hands, the steam rising in their faces. \"Good evening, Miss...Alex.\" Charlie greeted, rising in chivalry. I smiled at him, but Forbes rolled his eyes. Andrews remained stationary, scowling into his coffee cup. \"Should you not be at your quarters, Miss Janeiro?\" He hissed, venom dripping from his tone. \"Or better yet, in town. This is no place for a lady.\" If only he knew that there were female generals in my time, if only. \"Then I guess you shouldn't be here either.\" I muttered under my breath, but not loud enough for him to hear. I wouldn't dare. Right. Forbes plopped himself down on the log, gesturing grandly at a wide, open space between him and Charlie. He widened his eyes, fighting sleep, and ran a hand through his tousled blonde hair. He cocked his head right and left, cracking the bones in the muscles of his neck. I recoiled, feeling one of my eyes twitch. Together, the four of us sat in an awkward silence, until Charlie the superhero, decided to break it. \"So, are you the source of the noise, Alex?\" He asked, having trouble with saying my name. I winced, he just made it worse. I glanced at Forbes, whose face had taken on a slightly pinkish hue. I turned back to Alex. \"Yes.\" Andrews and Charlie exchanged loaded glances. Then erupted in flamboyant laughter. I blinked, confused. \"What's so funny?\" Charlie sobered long enough to tell me what's going on. \"Forbes put on quiet a heroic show when venturing our to find the source of the 'ghostly scream'.\" Forbes sat there, coughing into his fist. \"What do I look like?\" He muttered, raising one shapely, blonde eyebrow. \"Some expert on woodland noises?\" Charlie and Andrews laughed even harder, and even Forbes had to smile. Somebody had a little bit too much. What were they drinking? \"What's in there?\" I asked, nudging a dark-blue, tin pot with my foot. \"Coffee!\" Forbes exclaimed quickly, eager to change the subject. Charlie reached behind him and produced another tin cup, offering it to me. \"Would you like any?\" I shrugged, figuring: what the heck. \"Sure.\" Charlie picked up the pot and poured me some. I swear I heard Andrews growl. \"Thanks.\" \"Your quiet welcome.\" Charlie smiled, setting the coffee pot down again. I put the coffee to my lips, sucking in my breath as the hot steam rose into my face. I blew on the scorching black surface of the liquid onyx, before attempting to drink it again. Warm, rich coffee was being poured down my gullet, and I never new that plain black coffee could taste that good. Then again, being cut off from the junk food of the 21st century made everything taste delicious, even black licorice, which I totally despised. I looked glanced down at the coffee, swirling in the metal cup. It ain't Starbucks, but it's not bad, not bad at all. If the guys are going to get hiked up on caffeine, there won't be any drowsiness tonight. Trip sprinted across dark, frozen fields, sliding in places where the dead earth was too slippery. He followed his breath to the farm, watching it as it escaped from his mouth in puffy little clouds. He liked this feeling of freedom, the adrenaline of doing something so exciting. The feel of his arms and legs pumping through the winter air and working together like greased axles. Of course, the feeling of sweet escape was always accompanied by a bitter fear. Trip felt the fine hairs rise on the back of his neck, as well as his stinging arms. Suddenly his body felt heavy, his lungs started to burn, his eyes watered, and there was never enough oxygen. He had felt this way whenever he was twelve, glancing over his shoulder as he scrambled to put as much distance behind him and that horrible plantation as possible. The first time, they had caught him. The massa's pack of hounds easily catching his clumsy, panicked trial. His grandfather, who died just before the war started, warned him not to cross dry ground, to splash through every pond, stream, or puddle he saw to sidetrack his scent. Out of his hurry and childish glee, Trip ignored the old man's warning. The bloodhounds, hot on his heels, soon gained purchase of his shirt, pouncing on his and growling if he tried to move. He lay in a fetal position, guarded by six, foamy-mouthed dogs barring their teeth at him if he so much as blinked; until the overseers caught up with them. They dragged him back to the plantation kicking and screaming. And what happened next, Trip would always be reminded of by the permanent scars sketched across his back. He ignored the blinding, sore thoughts that always hit home, as one dim light of the farm came to view, beckoning him from a distance. Robert rubbed tiredly at his eyes, groaning quietly as he stripped out of his blue coat, spreading his arms and fisting his hands in his air, stretching his sore body. It felt good to relax after another long day of fighting. If only mentally and with himself. Tonight, there was nothing more he could do about those shoes, but he would put it on hold, reassuring himself that he would wear Kendricks down. Robert untied his boots, sliding them off of his socked feet and kicking them to the corner of his room, too tired and lazy to stand them up in their proper place. He yawned widely, making his eyes water and his vision blacken from head rush. Dropping down on to the springy mattress, Robert rubber small circles on his temples in hopes to avoid a heavy headache that would bother him in the morning. He was going to work himself to death. Robert sighed again, licking a digit and pinching the flame of the candle by his bedside, listening to the fire sizzle and die. He sat in the darkness for a moment, staring up at the ceiling. He had seen Andrews, Charlie, Miss Janeiro and Forbes celebrating cheerfully around a roaring fire. But he was alone. So alone, spending Christmas in he dark. Robert shrugged, reasoning with himself that this was no big deal, that he was here not to celebrate but to work, perhaps make a difference about the opinions of society on blacks. His reputation was spiriling down as well, he believed it. Robert draped his blanket over his body, and he was asleep before his head hit the pillow. It was the first time he dreamed of Miss Janeiro. Trip's body slammed into the door of the little, tile-roofed cottage of the farm. He was running so quickly that it took effort to turn his feet into brakes. There was a light in the window, but it was dark inside. That's understandable, the family must have been asleep. Trip knocked three times using his hard, bony knuckles. No answer. Trip waited for a minute, before his big, brown hand contacted the wooden door again. Three times. Knock. Knock. Knock. Again, after a while, there was no answer. This time Trip grew a bit worried. He pounded again, becoming louder and louder, until his taps turned into full out slams. Why were they not answering the door? Trip grew sad and discouraged. He slumped down on the porch, scratching his head. The family was not home, his stomach was empty, and his feet were bare. Trip hoped that he would leave this place with a par of fresh, comfortable knew duds that actually fit him. He snorted bitterly, who ever guaranteed? Trip wallowed in disappointment, watching snowflakes fall onto the silent earth, and loosing track of time. I'm wondering how I even survived so long of camp life. I was never any good at it. Whenever my Martian family would take me camping, I would sit around glaring at the fire, wondering: What the hell am I doing? I don't camp . I don't march. I don't clean swords. I don't listen to Andrews hint around that I am a woman and would never by worth anything. I don't sit by a fire melting imaginary marshmallows and pretending I'm really melting Andrew's face. Do possums eat people? I've seen some pretty vicious furry things running around before, I don't like my chances. I don't hang out with guys back in the future. The opposite sex avoids me like the plague. I don't know a single young guy who's only passions in life does not include: cars, sex, and money. I don't study history, let alone be in one. I don't do army drills. And Robert, darling , there are twenty four hours in a day, not oh-six hundred. There is so much stuff that I don't do. But what do I do besides whine about everything? Wow, I just told myself off. The dudes were on their third cups of coffee, chuckling fondly at something I wasn't a part of. \"Yes, I do remember.\" Charlie was saying. \"How could one forget?\" I leaned forward. \"Whatcha talkin' about?\" The guys exchanged she-is- so -lost looks with each other. \"Were you not paying attention?\" Forbes asked, appearing a bit incredulous. Nope. Never been good at it. I shook my head. \"We were remembering how Robert dressed as a woman to Forbes' birthday party when he was nineteen.\" Charlie answered, being patient with me. Forbes smirked, taking a sip of the Brazilian coffee. \"He had me fooled, too.\" \"I completely believed him.\" Andrews spoke to Char and Cab, but not to me. I found that hard to believe, even though Charlie had told me about this before. \"Why'd he do that?\" I asked, giggling at the thought of serio Roberto in a dress. Forbes smiled at me. \"Robert was very different back then.\" He explained to me. I raised an eyebrow. \"Oh really.\" \"He's a good man.\" Charlie threw in his two cents, staring into the fire. \"Well loved by everyone.\" Forbes smiled slightly, leaning into me and dropping his voice. \"Even now.\" He stared at me, and I stared back. \"I don't know what you mean.\" I replied indignantly, I knew exactly what he was hinting at. Forbes shrugged with his eyebrows. \"I think you do.\" \"Your impossible.\" I replied, stomping on his foot. \"Just impossible.\" Forbes grinned at this. \"I believe Robert's not impossible, is he?\" I sighed in an agitated manner, roaring like a lion does when it's trapped in a corner. Charlie and Andrews looked confused. Poor Charlie. Screw Andrews. They blinked and blinked at us, trying to get their hands on our thoughts. Charlie stared at me, his eyes bouncing back to Forbes occasionally. Then he smiled, slowly. \"I believe your not the only one smitten here.\" He muttered at Forbes, his suggestive smile spreading to a grin. Forbes was so surprised he spit out his coffee. \"Pardon?\" Charlie began to hum. 'Oh Susanna! Now don't you cry for me...' Forbes's eye began to twitch. \"And if I am?\" He challenged. \"Then Alex has every right to tease you .\" Ha! He got him good. \"She also has every right to go to her sleeping quarters at this time of night.\" Andrews snapped, if only in a hushed tone. Die. \"You met a girl, Forbes?\" I asked, widening my eyes and pretending to be surprised. \"A human girl?\" Forbes looked amused. \"Yes I did.\" He replied, rinsing it down with a sip of cooling coffee. \"Robert's sister.\" He's gonna shoot you, buddy. \"The blonde chick...er...the woman I spoke to?\" I asked, editing my sentence. Susannah was Miss Congeniality, I could see why Forbes would liked her. Besides, she resembled Kiara Nightly enough to make me jealous. Forbes nodded. Then it grew quiet again. Everyone was lost in their own thoughts, gazing at the fire and seeing someone they missed or something they left behind at the summit of the war. Nostalgia creeped in, spinning a web of homesickness around us like a poisonous spider, ccatching us in its trap until someone was strong enough to break it free. \"What are your plans for after the war?\" Charlie asked softly throwing the question out there, to no one in particular. \"Where do you want to go with your life.\" Forbes sighed, slumping in his seat. \"I will take up responsibility. Finish Harvard, and marry Susannah...\" He trailed off, poking at the dieing fire with a stick. \"I never had enough gold.\" Andrews muttered, rubbing his forehead. \"I wanted to open my own hospital, but...\" He shrugged, looking away. \"I want to travel.\" Charlie spoke slowly, a soft smile displayed on his thin lips. \"I want to see the world. I want to see California. How exotic must it be? So many people pouring into there from every corner of the globe.\" \"It's from the gold rush.\" Forbes reasoned. \"People pour into San Francisco through our base at Angel Island.\" The spoke as if they would never get to complete those plans. It made me sad. Charlie nodded. \"What about yourself, Alex?\" This time, he addressed me . I shrugged. What was I going to say? I'm going to go back to the future, so I can read about you from my history book. But my history book doesn't give a fudge, and probably won't include you, only Robert; because people that write history books are jerks. Then it struck me, what if I don't want to go back? What if I like it here? If I raised the issue with Marty he'd kill me myself. Andrews rose from his log. \"Goodnight, gentlemen, I'm turning in.\" Ah, saved by the bell. I stood up, pretending to stretch. \"I must retire as well.\" \"Good night, Alex.\" The men said in unison, finishing the last of the coffee. I all but ran back to the sleeping quarters, accidentally waking one of the men with my stomping. He glared at me and I held up my finger to my lips, I think that pissed him off more. But her rolled over and went back to bed anyway. I tip-toed to my bed using an Indian Walk that I learned from my fat cat that scratches and bites my legs all the time. At least she had some benefit. Teaching. I climbed into the back-breaking wooden cot and slipped my blanket over my head. Trip jogged silently back to camp. The sky was just beginning to lighten in the east, just a tiny strip of light blue on the eastern horizon. He had made it, though his dash was in vain. Trip tried not to bring himself down because of it. He could always go back again, when the family was home. Still, he was mightily disappointed. He stopped for a breath, bending over and putting his hands on his knees. He still had at least two hours to sleep as well. He was just inside the gate already, having climbed over it expertly, using years of practice that he had as a child. His sensed were dulled, as he struggled to control his shallow, rapid breathing, and attempting to ignore the pulsing in his feet. Trip almost yelped in surprise as two strong hands caught his arms, pulling them back. He kicked and struggled to get out of the iron grasp, but the man refused to let go, dragging him through the small colony of tents. Trip tried to put all his weight in it, to e heavier than he was, but the man was stronger than that and didn't seem bothered at all. \"You deserting, boy?\" He drawled, his voice proving enjoyment, shoving him into a medical tent. Trip looked up at the man. He was very tall, with red hair, and a long face that looked like he looked down on every person that wasn't a white, first-class man. It made Trip angry, and he showed it with his scowl, barring his teeth like an animal. Maybe he could dodge past him and slip through the entryway of the tent. But it was too late for that. There were loud footsteps of boots sloshing through mud, and three officers came in, a captain and Sergeant Mulcahy. The captain's eyes jumped from the glaring Trip to the redheaded man. He calculated and studied the situation, before addressing the red-head with a solemn salute. \"Andrews, what is this?\" He demanded, fatigued. \"Deserter.\" 'Andrews' replied. The Sergeant Mulcahy was on him immediately, as well as the lieutenant, drowning out the captain. Trip struggled. But he had no choice. He surrendered. Again, so sorry, school is dragging me down, down down...:D[Chapter 32] I'm back everybody! Sorry, this Glory section has been a tomb lately. Blame it on the school. I'm going to go insane soon, can't wait for spring break. If I see another test I will scream, bring on them straightjackets. So here it goes…the dun dun dun scene. So nervous to see what you guys think. For those of you romantics out there, yes, there is a tiny Rob-Alex moment wedged in here. :) CarminaxBuranax : Thank you so much, school was totally keeping me away from fanfiction. It's like teachers don't realize how important this is for my sanity! ;) CaPasseOuCaCasse : No big deal, I hope you get your computer to work, that must suck, and you sound like you'd be a very good writer. Otose : Haha, that's so ironic! I know, if I was Alex, I'm wondering if I would even want to go back. BK Love-ah : Hehe, sometimes when I read my writing I start blushing at the embarrassing scenes with Robert and Alex. IceDragonHikari : Thank you so much, school is the problem, it slows everybody down. Spring Break, spring break, spring break… Jazmonsterr : I totally feel what you mean about more Ralex moments…there is one in here. ;) Beagle Bug : No I didn't, but I did go to the Monterey aquarium! It's awesome, but it's like three hours away from my house. Anonymous : Don't you just love Forbes? ;) YarisVamp : Get that Kleenex box ready. ;) HeartlessVampireGirl : I know! I cried when he died. But that's why we have fanfiction, to somehow 'change' reality… Hannah : School! You too? You must feel my pain…sniff sniff. J Yes, I totally need to work on my Ralex moments. J Lauren : Thank you so much! That totally made me smile, I mean usually people don't like OCs. So thank you! smartyjonescrzy : Nah, don't worry about it. I'm glad that you just forgot, instead of lost patience with me. ;) I know, I know. But it's so hard not to inch my way into Uncle Tom's territory. I'm wringing my hands waiting to see what people think. *Holds breath* It's kinda graphic. Eek. Cold. Some damn person shaking him; saying his name over and over. Leave me be, he wanted to say, his mouth pressed into his scratchy pillow. He must have made some groggy, muffled response to have that person shake him even harder. Bloody hell, what did they want from him? The bugle rise did not even sound yet. Why was it always Forbes this and Forbes that? They treated him like some bloody bell boy. It was too early for this and he didn't want to put up with it. But Forbes rolled over anyway, if only because he knew whining was for weaklings. He cracked one eye open. \"Tell ole' Pharaoh: Let my Cabot go...\" \"What?\" He asked, not bothering to hide his annoyance. Come to think of it, it was a tad bit hard to fall asleep last night, but he refused to believe that Alex was right and that his current state of fatigue had to do with last night's endless batches of coffee. Oh, caffeine. Forbes squinted at the silhouette of the person that did the waking. Lavender-blue shadows of light of the early morning slanted through the cracks of the wooden barracks, and when the man leaned closer, Forbes recognized him as Charlie. The major sat up quickly, wincing from the immediate head rush that temporarily darkened his vision. \"What is it, Captain?\" Charlie's stone carved face appeared melancholy. He only said one word, and that was power enough to make Forbes fly out of bed. \"Deserter.\" Forbes was in his clothes in a matter of seconds, shivering slightly from the morning air, and pulling on his muddy boots and tying the laces. He looked up at Charlie from his bootstraps, eyeing him with sheer resolution. \"Who caught him?\" He questioned, applying his no-nonsense tone that he rarely used. \"Andrews did.\" Charlie replied shortly. Forbes was glad that his friend was always to the point, not dancing around the edges in an unnerving manner lik so many others. Forbes stood up, his fingers weaving in and out of stitched holes with the golden buttons of his navy suit. \"Where is he now?\" Charlie squinted, confused. \"Andrews?\" Forbes looked annoyed, raking a hand through his tousled blonde hair. \"The deserter!\" He stage-whispered, the early morning and worry of what to do was causing this abrupt irritation. Charlie seems to stumble over his words. \"They're both in the medical quarters. The private is being held there by two armed guards.\" As if one wasn't enough. Forbes replied with a nod, pulling on his wrinkled kepi. \"On with it, Morse, eh?\" Sure enough, the deserter was just where Charlie said he would be. Both men simultaneously stepped into the Medical Tent, pulling the flaps back with their cold-cracked hands for an easier entry-way inside. Forbes was shocked by what he saw. There was a tall, dark man slumping his broad shoulders over two guards, each locked one of his arms with both hands, pulling them to their sides so that he would have no possible means of escape. The look of defiance that was projected towards the major was so strong that Forbes had to look away for a brief moment, struggling to compose himself so that his blue eyes could meet the man's torturous gaze \"Awaiting orders, Sir.\" Forbes had not even noticed Andrews, who was seated at his medical workbench, polishing a small, silver cigar case with a blackened rag. He looked almost smug, and it disgusted Forbes. Then it dawned on him; the reason why he was brought here. They wanted leadership, somebody to tell them how to handle the puzzling situation. Forbes stumbled back a fraction of an inch. Forbes wasn't a leader; they chose the wrong man for the job. He didn't know what to do; they needed Robert. Yes, Robert would know what to do. I raked a hand through my nasty, tangled hair, sneezing in the dim light of the rising sun. My hair is gradually getting dirty and oiled again, the shampoo is calling; and when I think about the process of washing my hair again I feel a little sick, especially since last time Robert was there to be my lifeguard. I felt so disgusting, hiding my face behind my collar so no one would notice me. Not that anyone was paying me any attention otherwise. The whole camp was so disorganized this morning, men and officers were half dressed and seemed to be running around in circles, trying to pull themselves together before the colonel had a chance to see them and reprimand them for their irresponsible behavior. No one but Forbes would have the guts to say a word to him of back-talk either. Speak of the bloody devil. There was a large commotion at the very end of one of the 'streets' at camp. The kind of dinosaur-stomping running that was louder than the sounds of the other men's footsteps, almost drowning them out. The other men cleared a space for three high-ranking officers, shouting at the soldiers to get out of their way. The crowd parted in half, so that the group of Moseses could smoothly make their way to the front without any more interruptions. Forbes was at the head of the group, his eyes with a hint of blood shot, and his blonde hair, which was no more presentable than mine, was unbrushed and his bangs ran into his unshaven face. Mulcahy and Charlie were a beat behind him; pinning their sabers down to their sides to minimize their excessive swaying. All three were breathing heavily thanks to the jogging, and the young Charlie, who was barely out of his teens, looked less fit than Mulcahy. \"Forbes!\" I shouted, confused with their urgent, no-nonsense behavior. \"What's going on?\" Forbes slowed down but he did not stop, motioning for me to jog with them. \"There was a deserter.\" He replied gravely. I stopped in my tracks, watching them run on without me until they stopped in front of Sir Robert's quarters. There can't be a deserter! That would stab Robert to the core. Besides, Rawlins told me that no one would even think of running away, he practically promised to me. Who would desert? Who? What? When? Why? How? It was beyond me. Robert examined his face in the mirror, just as he normally would in the morning. He frowned at features he didn't like and blinked appreciatively at things he found acceptable. His hair, brown like the earth after a heavy rain, was ruffled and protruding in every direction, much thicker than any other man's. He met his brown eyed gaze in the looking glass, framed by long, dark eyelashes that brushed his high cheekbones whenever he blinked. Speaking of cheeks, Robert brushed a hand across his face, frowning at the coarse, unshaven feeling that met his hand. He dug through a kit of toiletries discarded carelessly in the top drawer of his small, wooden dresser; a large tin bowl filled with clean, soapy water was resting on top of it. Robert semiconsciously pulled on one of the straps of his suspenders-uniform over his shoulder, and with mild interest, began to make shaving cream. He mixed a white powder with a few drops of water, a little like the kind women used for facial makeup, and lathered the creamy paste onto the bottom half of his face, leaving the nose and mouth bare. His eyes still on the mirror, Robert reached into the half-opened drawer and searched for his long, shiny razor. He pulled out the sharp, silver blade and watched it gleam as it caught the morning light and danced around the room. Robert was not sure why he was taking extra care to get ready this morning. Why was he in such a good mood this morning? Despite the way that obese quartermaster brought him down yesterday. Why did he study his uniform this morning for flaws? Heaven forbid there was a deplorable button or loose thread to make his wardrobe look less presentable. Robert shook his head, smirking knowingly at himself in the mirror, as if the man who stared back at him was someone else. The last time he felt this way was the morning after going to the opera and meeting Miss Annie Haggerty for the first time. Robert even caught himself mentally humming the Star Spangled Banner as the blade of the razor made contact with his skin, deleting his imperfections. \"And the rocket's red glare.. .\" He was never so excited to start another day in camp before. \"The bombs bursting in air!\" \"Gave proof through the night.\" Robert allowed himself a small smile, but it erupted into a grin like that of a fool, and he mumbled the next part out loud. \"That our flag was still there.\" Miss Jan- The flap that served as his door was pulled away so abruptly that it almost startled him. He turned around swiftly, pulling a business mask over his almost boyishly giddy emotions. His eyes met Forbes's frantic, at-a-loss ones. Forbes widened his own, blinking bemusedly at Robert. It took him a few seconds more to find his bearings. All the while, Robert waited patiently. \"Excuse me, Sir.\" His friend murmured awkwardly, remembering himself. Robert watched Forbes, shifting his gaze into a look of serenity, worry brewing just below the surface. \"What is it?\" Forbes swallowed hard, moistening his winter-chapped lips. \"We've...uh...caught a deserter.\" Robert struggled to keep his expression unchanging, set into a diligent mask of calmness. He mustered a feeble, shaky nod. \"Yes. Thank you.\" Forbes returned an awkward nod, while Robert waited for him to leave. As soon as the curtain cut them off, Robert slouched his shoulders, leaning heavily against the dresser, his body limbless and his stomach in a complicated knot. He felt like he was going to be sick. His head was pulsing with waves of a migraine and his heart was pounding in his ears. It was like some cruel wind blew a heavy, charcoal cloud into his mental horizon, stealing his tiny patch of sunshine. Robert felt sick to the stomach for his options. He could let it slide, but that was irresponsible. The man broke the military code of conduct, and he must take responsibility for his actions. Robert didn't want to do it. If he had any other choice, he would use it. But the soldier, no matter of what race or color must be treated the same way as any other soldier (white, black, or even red) if he had run away. Robert watched his broken expression in the mirror. He hoped that reminding the man of slavery, through the use of his way of discipline, would not prove to be pointless. I squinted my eyes in the dim light of the winter sun, rising silently over our heads. I was all but dancing on my tippy toes in a meager effort to see over Forbes's annoyingly high shoulders; it didn't pay to be the midget of the camp. Forbes looked as confused as I felt; his eyes scrutinizing the grim procession that was trudging slowly towards us. I tilted my head to the side, my mouth hanging open in an easy access for the flies. Blinking, I resisted the urge to wave at the timid Shiloh, who was at the front of the line, thumping away expertly on his painted, flag-blue drum; but I grew immensely curious when I saw Trip limping behind him, an unusually somber Mulcahy and an overly aloof Charlie clutching solidly at his arms. Trip stumbled several times, and as soon as I shifted my gaze to his feet, I noticed a thin rope tied around his ankles, handcuffing them together. I left Forbes's side and filtered through the cracks in the tightly-packed crowd of men. \"Oh Lordy, this is bad.\" Jupiter drawled, momentarily abandoning his exaggerated stutter. \"They ain't gonna s-shoot 'em is they?\" False alarm, it's back. Jupiter crossed his arms and furrowed his eyebrows in horror; sending a glance to Snowflake, a question in his brown eyes. \"No.\" Thomas stated, following Jupiter to the front. His voice sounded too sure, as if it was just a decoy that he was using to reassure himself. My suspicions were proven correct when he addressed Rawlins. \"Won't it?\" Rawlin's stare was split, broken with terror and worry for the boy that was young enough to be his son. \"Quiet in the ranks!\" Andrew's annoyingly throaty, deep voice, which had an uncanny resemblance to Commodore Norrington, sharply broke the loud buzz of conversation. I wished so badly that I was the type of person who could spit some nasty response at him without getting in trouble. I so want to be. Charlie and Andrews dropped Trip's arms, leaving him up to Mulcahy; and filtered through the cracks in the crowd of men to help quiet them down. Mulcahy led the limping Trip to a broken wagon wheel hat was leaning heavily against a ramshackle wooden cart. Trip slouched in front of it, his eyes waxing down the wheel's dirty surface with mild interest. Two soldiers stood at attention at both sides of the wagon, waiting for orders. Mulcahy caught the eye of the one to his left and jerked his head at the ennui Trip. \"Untie his hands and take off his coat.\" He ordered, using his ever-present tone of authority. Both men immediately got to work on the thin, wiry rope that was scratching the sensitive skin of Trip's brown wrists. Mulcahy approached the spot where I ditched Forbes, and I found that Robert had appeared as well, ghosting next to Forbes. The Irish sergeant held something behind his back. It was long, brown, and shiny, coiled up like a stinging, venomous snake that was poised and eager to strike. Mulch trudged slowly, his heavy footsteps sounded grim, in sync with the beating of Shiloh's sky blue drum. I'm not as dumb as I look. I realized what was about to happen; and I felt sick. Remember back when I was boasting my resume to Robert's father about how I ain't afraid of nothin'? Particularly blood? Heh, biggest lie in the world. I could not stand seeing people get hurt, physically or emotionally. I'm the type of person who apologizes to a freaken' door if I accidentally run into it. And even though Trip was a jerk and a half, the Biff Tannen of my world, I felt very sorry for him. I didn't want to watch, so I left. But this isn't about me, it's about him . Forbes's nerves were as raw as the meat in a butcher's window. His eyes were trapped on the older man that was approaching them; particularly the ugly object that he held coiled in his hand. The sergeant lifted it above his red-sashed waist, capturing more of Forbes's panicked attention. It was difficult for him to comprehend that Robert was possibly serious. The major had been so sure of Robert's guidance, but as he stood next to his brave friend, Forbes began to doubt the colonel's leadership abilities. Were his naive hopes in vain? Forbes was furious with himself for being so blind, for not realizing that this was the way it was done in the army. What made him think that his by-the-book friend would do anything differently? But for God's sake these were darkies ! They might get the wrong message; there was no sense in showing the coloreds that they were slaves and always will be. Though they were fighting for freedom, they were no better off here than in the South. Forbes knew that those statements were certainly not true, but Robert made it look like it. Maybe he could reason with Robert to think again. Sergeant Mulcahy raised his right hand in a half-hearted salute. Forbes's hand flew up automatically, subconsciously returning the military greeting, which had become more of a reflex rather than a voluntary action. He pointed incredulously at the whip, facing Robert who refused to look at him, guilt smeared across his face. Forbes recoiled as the sergeant dangled the monstrous contortion away from his body. \"The prisoner is in position, sir.\" He stated clearly, his eyes on Robert who managed to produce a quick, almost unaware nod. Forbes gritted his teeth. He stabbed a finger at the 'discipline encourager'. \"What is this?\" He spat, though he was facing Mulcahy, his demanding 'question' was aimed at Robert. He knew precisely what it was. His curiosity was simply: what in God's name was he thinking? Forbes stared at Robert with his mouth hanging open like a fly catcher. His best friend, as Forbes used to have known him, still refused to meet his gaze. Forbes decided to stick to his initial plan of persuading Robert, only partially aware of the explanation that Mulcahy was giving. \"The prisoner is to be flogged before the entire regiment.\" Forbes slowly lowered his still-suspended hand, speaking to his commanding officer urgently. \"Robert, not with a whip.\" He reasoned, watching his friend's eyes dart back and forth, finally settling his attention to Forbes' argument. The major was glad to be getting somewhere. \"Not on them .\" At first the colonel said nothing, scrutinizing the major with calculating eyes. Forbes searched his face earnestly for any sign of Robert changing his stubborn mind. He raised an arm into the air again, elevating it until it was level with Robert's chest, in attempt to catch his attention. But Robert stared at his arm in such a way that made him feel like he was burning his skin with his eyes, searing right through his woolen coat. So Forbes retracted his hand and let it fall back to his side, giving the fact that he wanted to keep that arm. Finally, the man looked away, positioning his stare on Mulcahy. \"Excuse us.\" He spoke in a solid tone that rebirthed Forbes' hope. \"Sergeant Mulcahy.\" He added as an afterthought. \"At your pleasure, Colonel.\" The sergeant replied obediently. He saluted once more, shifting his body to stand at ease. Robert turned away slowly, spinning on the heel of one muddy boot. Forbes watched his friend as he took several feebly-attempted footsteps ahead and away from the all-hearing ears of the strict, Sergeant Mulcahy. The major followed, pausing in front of the colonel and angling his body towards him, dipping his head lower so that his ear was at level with Robert's mouth. He waited patiently for an answer he did not expect. \" Never ,\" Robert propelled the word with so much venom, Forbes nearly toppled down from surprise, \"question my authority in front of others.\" Nevertheless, Forbes stumbled back, his jaw scraping the ground in shock as if Robert had punched him with his fist. The major certainly felt that way, as he absentmindedly reached up to rub the imaginary pain in his jaw away. He blinked at Robert, who had finally turned to look at him, staring with a calm indifference. The major felt himself becoming transformed, his blue eyes darkening into an ebony shade of anger as he narrowed his gaze at Robert; his mind filled with nasty remarks and his mouth ready to launch them. He crossed his arms over his chest, but then dropped them back to the seams of his trousers. He snorted at Robert, who watched him with raised eyebrows that only fueled Forbes' ultimate irritation. \"Well I is sorry, Massa.\" Forbes spat, noticing Robert wince. Well if he was going to treat them like slaves, might as well treat him like the bloody owner. \"You be the boss-man now and all us chilluns must learn your ways.\" He turned away, marching forward with his chin held high and his nose in the air. But he knew Robert wasn't backing down from his teenage-like attitude. He could feel the man's eyes piercing his back like twin bullets. \"MAJOR FORBES!\" He had never heard his friend speak to him that way; and Forbes was surprised to find that Robert's shout had alarmed him. His body belonged to someone else as he followed the colonel's barking orders. \"Stand at attention!\" Forbes was left with no choice but to turn around and shut up. But he did it with 'flare', he spun quickly, stomping his foot down in defiance as he resumed a posture of utter attention. Let him have his bloody way. Twenty flogs. Twenty flogs was the standard army punishment for a deserter. Robert thought about shortening it somehow, maybe ordering it to ten. But this was the military, no other infantry would have done that; he couldn't either. He felt sick to his stomach, and at that moment he wished desperately that someone else was doing this job, someone with a more iron personality. To make matters worse, Forbes was giving him problems. He was the major, and his best friend; who was supposed to be some help, not another person to criticize him. Though Robert understood Forbes's motivations and acknowledged that his outbursts were not too often; he had rather hoped at the beginning of this entire ordeal that Forbes would have handled the army more maturely. Could the man not have sense enough to realize what a struggle this was without his charming disposition, as was current? Robert gritted his teeth, closing his eyes, only to open them half a second later. Forbes acted as if he wanted to flog the man! If Robert had his way, the prisoner would have been pardoned. Colonel Robert Gould Shaw of the Fifty-Fourth Massachusetts was feeling bitter this morning due to the fact that the world seemed to be against him; and it did not help that Miss Janeiro was staring at him with those wide eyes of hers as if he was some sort of monster. Robert began having second thoughts on why he took this job in the first place. The colonel blinked wearily, turning away from the fuming, molested major, whose fists were quivering from irked anger. Robert had not slept much the other night, due to his brain's mind games of Miss Janeiro and the obese quartermaster's unmotivating 'no.' Robert clasped his black-leather gloved hands behind his back in attempt to keep them from shaking at the order he was about to give. \"Sergeant Mulcahy!\" He called, trying to inject grace and authority that was stripped away by his almost-panic and unsureness. The sergeant, on the other hand, turned out to be more help in the several minutes than Forbes was all day. He did not judge Robert, only calmly followed orders in a manner that could have hinted that he even agreed with him. On hearing Robert call his name, he straightened immediately out of his 'at-ease' posture, positioning himself to attention. That gesture granted Robert some much-needed encouragement. Robert gave the man a couple small nods, his head bobbing up and down quickly several times as if he was trying to reassure himself instead of permissioning Mulcahy. He had a strange taste in his mouth, bitter and sickly, like sawdust, and his vision was slightly blurry from the spinning sensation in his head. He cleared his throat. \"You may commence.\" Mulcahy strolled towards the grey-faced deserter, walking to him as if nothing in this world would bring him more pleasure. But Robert did not miss the fact that the sergeant's eyes also held a look of pity as well as disgust. The crowd was swept with a series of monosyllabic murmurs as Mulcahy reached for the collar of the prisoner's shirt, silencing the soldiers with the sound of the flimsy cotton being ripped apart. Robert heard Forbes gasp behind him at the disastrous sight, feeling him wince along with the rest of the regiment that stared at the private's bare back. It was a tragic, horrible sight. Evidence of earlier beatings criss-crossed each other in several complicated patterns that made Robert's head spin. Glaring, dull redish-brown stripes weaved perverse designs on the young man's otherwise perfectly smooth, earth-brown skin. He lifted his head higher in proud defiance, watching Robert in a way that made him uncomfortable. The private threw off the remains of his shirt and it sailed into the air, floating gently into the squishy mud like a large, floppy snowflake. Robert tried to force himself to appear unmoved, to stare at the man's ruined skin as if it was nothing more than frightening than a sheet of paper, but he failed. He could sense unwanted boyish fear filtering through the cracks of his adult exterior, and it did nothing to calm his nerves. He knew Forbes's horror, even Sergeant Mulcahy appeared remorseful, and Miss Janeiro was clutching at her stomach and breathing hard, as if she was going to be sick. Robert was powerless to do anything that might release their stress. Mulcahy looked at him expectantly, and Robert found himself again. His mind registered the order that he was about to give, and remorse bit him, so sharply it stung. With one more deep breath, he issued it. \"Proceed.\" Mulcahy snapped into action, shoving the private's shoulder hard, instructing him to lean against the tremendous wagon wheel. The soldier's anger was not lost to Robert. He glared daggers at him, his protruding brown lips set tightly into a firm line. They remained this way for several seconds, while he watched his commanding officer as if he was nothing more than dirt; finally parting his lips and sending a gram of shiny saliva inches away from Robert's boots. Sergeant Mulcahy must have noticed, for he unraveled the coiled whip loop with rapid succession, growing larger and longer as if it was a cobra that was just waking up from a deep slumber. He took one long stride back, purchasing a tight grip on the handle of the 'loyalty enforcer.' Robert closed his eyes, lowering his head while chewing mercilessly on his bottom lip. Smack! Robert all but shuddered, and out of the corner of one large, doe-brown eye, he noticed Forbes recoil sharply at the noise of the first strike. He snapped his eyes back at the private, searching for his reaction. It seemed not to have affected him at all, as if it was someone else being beaten. Robert was moved by his strong personality and steel character. Nineteen more strikes. Nineteen. Smack! The first sign of blood was hinting on the scars that Mulcahy was reopening with the whip. A soft whisper of wind blew the rusty, metallic scent of the bodily fluid forward; filling and stinging Robert's nostrils like a hornet. He bit down on his lip hard, only to discover that his teeth broke through the already chapped coat of his lips, bringing out beads of crimson blood of his own. A dark flash out of the right corner of his vision, and he followed it to see Miss Janeiro making her way through the crowd, further away from the sickening display. Eighteen. Smack! It took every ounce of self control that he possessed not to move. It was torture. It was pain. It was hell. But he would not give in to them. After all, was that not what they wanted? He would never surrender. He would endure the horrible, stinging sensation of his skin being ripped apart, but he would not give them an inch. Not only bloody inch. He would not even flinch. He refused to give them the satisfaction. Smack! It was the fourth strike, a cracking sound in the air as the leather flexed, followed by a crimson misery as it tore his back. Trip could do nothing but flinch, something he promised himself that he would never do. He focused a dead, murderous stare at the pretentious white colonel. Beatin' on a nigger to make hisself feel strong . He was right to spit on his shoe, though the saliva did not make it far. Smack! Trip was thrown off balance, and he ended up shifting forward more than he wanted. He caught his footing again and shifted his body weight. The pain was becoming almost unbearable, and to his horror, he could feel sticky, warm blood oozing from his open wounds, and it was almost too much. He sniffed back a runny nose, squaring his shoulders and bracing himself for the next burn of the rope. Smack! Trip watched the white colonel through tunneled vision, blocking everything else out. He was making a point with his eyes. Trip relished in the guilty look that lay in the eyes of the colonel. The stronger his glare, the more pain he produced from the colonel's expression. It was almost sickly amusing that he was the one being beaten, but by the way the boy acted,anyone could have sworn that the situation was opposite. Smack! Trip tried to take his mind off of his pain. But when one is in such deep agony, how is that possible? Trip forced his entire being to block his senses. He was living in his head. He was far away, his blurring vision providing a curtain of tears that shielded him from the rest of the world. He thought of dusty, old memories that were hidden deep in his mind's heart, covered with layers of pain. Smack! The first person he saw in his memories was his mother. She wore a simple calico dress, and the gentle breeze ruffled her thick brown hair as it filtered through one of the cotton plantation in Tennessee. Trip had always thought his mother was fit to be a queen, and she laughed when he had told her that, probably at the irony of her being the complete opposite. She was only another slave. But she wasn't just a common slave. She did not work in the fields like the rest of them did. She was a house servant. She was also a chambermaid, but in the most literal sense possible. She was their master's mistress, who was extremely fond of her since the day he had purchased her from a slave auction in Texas. For all Trip knew, being the little boy that he was back then, she must have become attached to him as well. Smack! Their master had bought his father as well, one who ended up running away and leaving his kin. But his mother, his older sister, and he as well, never had to work very hard. They were left to do the simple tasks around the house, such as dusting the banisters and organizing the books in the library. Completely simple. The three of them were remarkably lucky compared to the others, who sneered at them for their fortune. The others had to prick their already cracked fingers every day picking cotton, working under the blistering Southern sun. Smack! Their master was an honorable man, extremely kind, and the only white folk that Trip would toss a dime at. He treated his mother with respect, as if she was white, and though he did not know at the time: why his mother was occasionally summoned to the mansion at night, but she never acted insulted when she returned in the morning. But there was a cloud in Trip's sunny sky. A cloud resembling the horrible son of the master. Smack! He was older than Trip by eight years; and he was spoiled and conceited, sneering at Trip whenever the two happened to cross paths with each other on the vast plantation. His name was Royce, and he hated Trip's mother and him with an astonishing passion. Trip never understood why, but the young man did everything to make him miserable, ever since Trip learned to walk. He asked his mother about it one night, and she explained that when Royce was very young, his mother had met her maker through the difficult path of tuberculosis, and he probably felt that his father was replacing her with him. After her story, Trip almost felt guilty for hating the boy back, and he even pitied him, for he knew that it would have been awful beyond words if his mother was taken away from him . Smack! When Trip reached the round, double-digit age of ten, his world began to crumble, piece by piece; his life was chipped off from his block of joyful sunshine, spiraling down into a murky abyss. Happiness began to end from there. That winter, the Massa died after spending two weeks on his deathbed, Trip's mother clutching his hand. He was fifty eight years old, dead from the killer influenza. It all rolled further downhill from there. His son Royce had inherited his fortune, and gained rein as the ruler of the entire plantation. Trip heard Royce promise to his father that he would treat the plantation, and those who worked it, with a firm hand, but also with an understanding fairness. Royce had certainly ruled the plantation with a firm hand, but fairness flew out the window. Trip and his mother, along with his older sister, were thrown out of their comfortable life in the mansion, and made to work outside in the hot sun all day. They had not grown accustomed to it, and the first weeks were an intense struggle. They proved to be too much for an older woman like his mother, and she died from heatstroke at the middle age of forty three. Smack! Royce started hiring more overseers, ordering them to drive the slaves thrice as hard as they worked under his father's ownership. He instructed them to show the slaves the consequences if one of them dared to fall out of line, or did not pick their weight in cotton by the end of the week. Royce's plans had worked. He got richer, but his slaves got poorer. Royce taught them the true meaning of slavery. Smack! One day, two weeks after Trip turned twelve, Royce went too far. Trip's older sister Cassie had just turned to the ripe age of seventeen, and she was a true beauty; having a dangerous, secret romance with one of the cotton pickers in the plantation parallel to the one they lived in. They were to get married, if only a simple ceremony. One of the few slaves who were illegally able to understand the markings in the Bible, would slowly read their marriage vows while the couple held hands and leapt together over a broom. Trip knew that his sister Cassie belonged to her love, Clive. But Royce had his eye on her for a long time, ever since she hit the tender age of thirteen, and her adolescent stick-figure blossomed into womanly swells and curves. He must have had it in mind to steal her innocence, something that did not belong to him; for on the summer that she turned seventeen, Royce persuaded her into the barn. Alone. Smack! Trip's muscles ripped with anger and he gritted his teeth. It was luck that he heard his sister's shouts and her desperate pleas. A rush of adrenaline drove him forward, and Trip rushed to the side of the barn, instinctively searching for a weapon. The only thing he found was a muddy, metal shovel that he could barely lift, but it would have to do. At that time, Trip could barely understand what was happening. His sister was in tears, and the stomach-churning sound of fabric ripping filled the empty spaces of the barn. Royce's mouth was crushing against hers, and his hands were rudely at her waist. She fought him and beat his chest with her fists, but the twenty-year-old would not be moved. Trip was no longer driven by fear, he was driven by anger. Someone was hurting his sister, and even if it was a grow man versus a young boy, he would take that path if it would make his sister feel better. Trip approached behind Royce quietly, and raising his shovel into the air, he swung with all his might, slamming into him; painfully in the back. Smack! Royce released Cassie, and staggered back in surprise, clutching his back and moaning. Trip had hit him mighty hard for someone as young in age as he was. The young master gritted his teeth, his eyes were ablaze and his nostrils flaring. His anger was so strong it terrified Trip, and he felt his knees buckle. He threw back his head and screamed at his sister to run, and she did. Off of the plantation, and out of Tennessee. She had eloped with her fiancé Clive, and the last he heard of her, was from an old black man that lived on Clive's plantation. He explained to him that she was able to escape this suffering with the assistance of the 'Moses.' Trip was intrigued, he had heard of her. Harriet something-or-the-other, a legend between slaves. He knew for a fact that with 'the Moses', Clive and Cassie had made it to Canada. To freedom. Smack! Bu Royce was not happy. He was angry and insulted; and a wounded predator is much more dangerous than a healthy one. He dragged Trip by his short hair to a wooden post that held the barn up, and tied his wrists securely around the wooden seam, just like handcuffs. Trip began to tremble with fear when he realized what the man was about to do. He did not see it, but he heard it and felt it. Royce was shouting profanities at him, injecting his anger into Trip's punishment, beating him with a whip meant for cattle. Trip clenched his teeth and screamed as the leather tore his skin away from his bones; cracking it and making it bleed. He had lost track of how many lashes Royce had so generously bestowed at him, but finally the ropes around his wrists were cut, and he drifted to the hay covered floor, weeping from the pain, until a house mammy came to nurse his wounds. Trip had never felt so alone. Smack! Trip was moved by another crack of the whip, and he was brought back once more to reality. He listened to the snap of the leather, the hushed murmurs of his fellow soldiers, and watched the agonized expression of the young white colonel. Trip was misanthropic, and refused to believe that the colonel was feeling remorse and pity for him. No, that was not possible. Inwardly, he was hurt, and he was suffering. But on the outside, he remained an unmoving tower of strength, a mighty mountain that never bows to the howling wind. But even a mountain can be moved and damaged by a rockslide, or an avalanche; and Trip knew it. He felt that avalanche eroding his mountain, he was stripped of his pride, and he was humiliated. His body and mind were slipping away with every stroke of Mulcahy's leather whip. It was a feeling of hopelessness, of destruction. His entire being felt evanescence, an unshakeable feeling of self-destruction as his walls crumbled down, destroyed by an emotional avalanche. A watery tear spilled over the brink of his lower eyelid, leaving a salty trail as it slid down his cheek. Smack! Robert cringed, and he continued to do so while he counted how many strokes that the man was left to endure. He felt pain, it was mental, of course, but it was so strong that Robert almost felt it physically. With every stroke his back had a stinging sensation as if he too was going through a beating. He pitied the man, and was horrified when he saw the tear breaking through his rough exterior. Smack! To his utter terror, when the last stroke was finally delivered by Mulcahy, the private began to shake and tremble. Suddenly, his eyes grew even more watery, and his head rolled back. He slumped against the wheel, an exhausted, bloody heap of a human being. Robert planted his feet down firmly to keep himself from rushing to assist the man back up. It was not allowed for someone as high up in rank as he was. It was a ridiculous rule, but he was here to enforce them all. Several corporals, Mulcahy, and Charlie as well, approached the man, lifting him up by the under arms and dragging him off towards the medical tent, a grimacing Andrews following suit, digging though his pockets for his spectacles in a manner of action that looked as if he was about to conduct surgery. By the ripped mess of the black man's back, it was evident that he would need doctoring. He was lost in a train of thought, until Forbes cleared his throat, bringing him to look at his regiment of stunned troops, awaiting his next command. \"D-dismissed!\" Robert stuttered. It was now lunch time, but he doubted anyone would feel like eating after what they just witnessed. The parade grounds cleared out quickly, and when Robert turned around, he acknowledged that Forbes had left wordlessly as well. Robert was free. Robert could take off his mask now. Robert felt sick . He rushed hurriedly towards his room in the barracks across camp, power walking instead of running so as not to appear conspicuous. He stumbled into his room, ripping the curtain out of the way, and then sliding it back to cover the doorway as he entered, oblivious to the crack of open space he left, only closing his doorway about three quarters of the way. Robert felt like he was about to vomit, his thoughts trailing back to the bleeding private. He never wanted to do anything like that again. He sunk to his knees in front of the washbowl, the same place he was in such a good mood this morning. The young colonel stared at the washbowl, beads of sweat appeared over his eyebrows, and he dragged a coat sleeve over his forehead to get rid of them. The nausea subsided, and the young man felt a trifle better, if not stronger. He leaned heavily against his bed, not bothering to sit up from the floor. He let his head rest on the hard mattress, staring at the dirty ceiling, and listening to his own heartbeat accompanied by his shallow, rapid breathing. There was a knock on his doorframe, and it cleared the fogginess in his brain. He did not have time to call out, as the curtain was pulled out of the way, revealing Miss Janeiro; watching him with concern and pity he felt that he did not deserve. She took in the wreckage of him, and it looked like she understood. She took a tiny, hesitant step inside. \"Sir?\" She spoke softly, as if volume would hurt his ears. \"Are you all right?\" You know this was equivalent to eight pages on Microsoft. That is exactly 8,000 words. Wow, I impressed myself. :) Please, please, tell me if you hate it or like it. This is such an important scene and so hard to right. Anxiously awaiting your valued opinions.[Chapter 33] Oh gosh, you don't know how much I love the weekend. :) Tell me whatcha think. ;) Smartyjonescrzy : Don't worry about it, you did not step out of my 'little circle' of Glory buddies at all. I'm so glad that Trip's back story was not too anti-south, I was really worried about it taking that direction. You mentioned that you wrote a whipping scene as well, if it's on fanfiction I would love to read it. :) HeartlessVampireGirl : Oh, they still have a few bumps on their rode to…er…togetherness. Beagle Bug : It's down the road. :) I mean our darling Robert did not even admit 'his undying love for her' to himself yet, let alone to 'Miss Janeiro.' :) BK Love-ah : Thank you so much, I tried not to over-do-it, but for a crazy writer like me…that gets a little…hard. :) Otose : I know exactly how you feel. Speaking of fanfiction…where's Natalie and Janet? Your faithful readers are hanging on a hook. :) CarminexBuranax : I hope that the following Rolex moment will be one of the good ones that I 'mustered' throughout the story. :) By the way, he wasn't singing to himself, he was mentally humming. You know how it is. (Kiara certainly knows with the mental music you've got going.) :)Nah, this was just to demonstrate that he was in a good mood this morning, and not that he thought he was the cute guy we all know him to be. :) Dress4m : I noticed how a lot of people hate hangovers, even I do, but yet I love to use them, lol. :) Yes, the Civil War destroyed many lives with cruelty. :) YarisVamp : *Gasp* psychic! Lol. IceDragonHikari : I know right, it made me like Trip a little more… Samantha Story : Yay! I'm glad you're back. Don't cry, even though that was such an ego booster for me that you thought it was that good, lol. :) Jazzmonsterr : I know right! The Ralex thing, I've noticed that. :) Our little inside joke, lol. GDgirl1993 : Thank you so much! I love it when more and more people find this. :) I wasn't sure what exactly I was doing here, or why I had even come here in the first place. I felt deeply sympathetic towards Trip, seeing the poor man bleed was so awful; and I also noticed how Robert's face had twisted in pain, deep remorse, and self disgust. He was drowning in it, and I saw how sick he looked, dashing into his room, as if the walls of his mind were caving in on him. I was trying to rescue him; though success would be difficult to reach. I lingered in the doorway, unsure of what I was supposed to do in order to succeed in reaching my goal of rescuing Robert. He looked defeated, slumping there on the floor with his probably sore back leaning against the bunk of his bed. His kepi was gone, discarded on the mattress, revealing his thick brown hair, which was tousled and protruding in every direction, but not as crazy as Edward Scissorhands'. I had asked him if he was alright, but so far I was not receiving any response, and the moment was growing more and more awkward. He just stared up at me with those wise, beautiful brown eyes, which had clouded with sadness and worry. My own eyes darted back and forth around the room not sure where to settle themselves down, for I could certainly not hold his gaze. They overpowered me. I cleared my throat. Robert seemed to wake up at that moment, propelling his body from the floor until he was back to his towering form. He stifled a yawn. \"Excuse me.\" And as an afterthought, he finally answered my question. \"Yes, I'm fine. Thank you.\" Of course, an awkward silence must follow; as I stand there and he stares at me, probably waiting for me to leave. But I just don't quit with tactics that don't work. \"So, what's up?\" Robert stares at me for a moment like I'm insane. Oh, the straitjacket is waiting. Then he looks away, pinching the much-abused bridge of his nose. He heaves out an irritated sigh that scares me. \"Miss Janeiro, I'm hardly in the mood for jokes, so if you would please evacuate this room along with your immature pretentions, I would be most grateful.\" My face colors. That was not what I meant. His words burn and I wince slightly. To tell you the truth, that kind of hurt my feelings. How am I supposed to talk to a boy without sounding like the village idiot? To make up for it, I try being helpful. \"Could I get you s-something, Sir?\" Word vomit. I just don't want him to sting me anymore, the humiliation hurts like bullets. But to my surprise, he actually smiles a little, just a hint of it that touches his lips but doesn't reach his eyes. Unfortunately, it disappears like lightning. That smile transforms me. What the hell is that supposed to make me think? First he disses me and now he-\"No, thank you. I'm alright.\" Terrible liar. I almost consider saying that out loud.\"I'll go get you some coffee.\" I blurt quickly, as an excuse to leave the room by choice instead of him kicking me out, backing slowly out of his room with my wounded pride; stubbing my foot along the way, against the doorway, and hoping that he wouldn't notice. I'm gone before he can object. Maybe I'll run in to Forbes so I can vent to him about his bipolar friend. Robert feels like dirt, as he stares at the door with both eyes wide open. Another lovely thing to add to his heavy conscience. He did not mean to say that, truly, all this stress was turning him into a monster. He wished he could turn back time and respond appropriately, not by snapping at the poor girl. He shakes his head, unfortunately time travel is impossible. (A/N Show's how little he knows, eh?) He would certainly have to apologize, something Robert was not looking forward to. It was his own fault for placing himself in such an awkward position, but the long morning on top of his anxiety caused him to believe that she was mocking him for a moment. He felt like a fool. He was no gentleman. Then again, she certainly wasn't a dainty lady either. She acted like she was from a different place, and amidst the proper young ladies that he knew back home, she was like something out of a Jules Verne book. Unfortunately for him, that moment when he would 'plead for her forgiveness' arrived all too soon, and she slipped in so quietly that he barely noticed her come in, until the clanking of the coffee cup drew his attention away from the dirty window, streaked with old rain residue. She set the cup down on his desk in a hostile fashion, and quickly scurried away from his room; probably not wanting him to honor her with his currently 'pleasant demeanor'; Robert thought bitterly of himself. He stopped her before she could leave. \"Miss Janeiro!\" He called out. The colonel reached out as well, but he did not touch her. She stopped abruptly, as if Robert's voice had paralyzed her legs. She turned around slowly, folding her arms across her chest in a defensive tone of body language. \"Yes?\" Robert swallowed; he was never much articulate around women, only with ink and paper. \"Thank you, for the coffee.\" He told her uncomfortably, but somehow it had not come out the way he planned it to. She nodded, saluting him. \"Excuse me.\" She replied, waiting for him to dismiss her. But he didn't. Instead, he stood up from his desk chair, walking around it to come stand in front of her. She did not move away, but she did not look at him either. \"Miss Janeiro.\" He spoke his words gently, but she still would not look at him. Robert hesitated to do something which he considered quiet bold, something he would not even think of doing to any other woman back home. He bit his bottom lip, a habit he usually did during difficult situations, and momentarily ignored the boundaries of propriety. He reached out slowly with his right hand, and put it under her chin, raising her face to look at him using one, gloved finger. When her blue eyes met his brown ones, she looked every bit as surprised as he felt. The moment was spent in silence; both were in speechless awe, unable to stop staring into each other, losing themselves in their own personal thoughts. Robert forgot about having his hand where it was, but it was the first time he felt something moving him when he touched her. For that moment, his problems faded away, and propriety ceased to exist. She watched him through her sooty eyelashes, her expression both bewildered and intrigued as she waited for him to speak. It was a beautiful moment, and all Robert could do was to think of that word. \"I'm sorry.\" He whispered plainly, but in a way that suggested he meant more than what he said. He shocked himself as well as her, but his actions were decided not by thought, but by emotion. Nevertheless, Miss Janeiro watched him speechlessly, as if he was the most amazing creature she had ever known. \"Ahem.\" It was an exaggerated sound, delivered more like a word than the actual clearing of the throat. The following moment was chaotic. Robert found himself fearing for the reputation of both himself and especially Miss Janeiro's. His hand was ripped away from her chin, pinning themselves to his sides, as he marched an entire yard away from her. She seemed to understand, and her eyes told him that he was more than forgiven. Both flushed a deep crimson as they turned to face the intruder. Forbes was so amused that he almost forgot why he was storming into Robert's office, to talk some bloody sense into him, because in his honest opinion, the man was acting like an imbecile, and he wished to set him straight again. Evidently, all that slipped his mind-like a child that forgets its tears when a piece of candy is waved before it's eyes-as he observed the peculiar scene before him. They stood together like criminals under the bright lantern of a policeman, squinting at him sheepishly, probably wondering how much he had seen. Forbes stifled a laugh, leaning in the door way, his head cocked to the right and an indecent smirk replacing the tight line that once held claim of his mouth. The way they stood as far as possible from each other, their eyes lowered to their muddy shoes, faces flushed awkwardly in both thrill and shame; it looked like one had stolen the goat and the other sold it. The major forced himself to remain composed, pressing his lips together and biting down laughter. His eyes watered, residue of his amusement escaping his body. Forbes realized, as he watched the horrified Robert and the cringing Alex, that currently he had an extreme amount of power over them. But Forbes was not much of a manipulator; he did not care for it nor was it a character trait. But he was a major tease. Ever since they were carefree children, playing Cowboys and Indians, he always forced Robert to be the Indian, which greatly limited his 'weapons', but the sly boy ended up winning anyways. But whenever Forbes had won, well, poor Robert would never hear the end of it. But Forbes preferred to believe that he had matured since then, swallowing his sickly-sweet jokes and clearing his face of all emotion, as if he was totally oblivious of how close they were. So he said the first thing that came to mind. \"Sir!\" You would be so proud of him, he even saluted. Robert had recovered some of the ground he had lost, responding to Forbes's greeting with his own salute. \"Yes, Major?\" His voice was strained and shaky, but his eyes held a silent 'thank you.' Not to be arrogant or anything, but Forbes was the epitome of the perfect friend. But he did have trouble perfecting his bluff. \"Lieutenant Andrews requested the assistance Miss Janeiro in the medical unit.\" He glanced at her for affect, amused at the downing result the word 'Andrews' had on her. She looked like she was finding that difficult to believe. But never mind her . Robert swallowed, nodding frequently as he reluctantly angled his body towards Miss Janeiro, and Forbes noticed Robert staring just above her head, as if he had trouble looking her in the eye. \"Dismissed.\" She nodded wordlessly, and slowly left his side, following Forbes out of his room. I feel good! Duh-na-na-na-na-na-na! I knew that I would… Duh-na-na-na-na-na-na! Talk about cloud nine. It was really simple, and more than likely meant nothing to him at all, but I was walking on sunshine. Even though the sun is in Australia right now and it's dark in the land of the free and the home of the brave. Ah, bursted my own bubble. Actually, that was a very interesting experience, and I have a herd of butterflies tickling the insides of my stomach. Giggle Giggle. I had never felt so giddy, and I felt so happy. Is this how you're supposed to feel when the guy you liked just…poor Forbes looks very scared. He probably thinks I've been snorting happy dust, unless drugs don't exist yet. Did you know they used marijuana for rope back then…er…right now? Forbes leaned forward, blinking at me incredulously. \"What did you say?\" I winced. I have a miraculous talent of blurring what's real and what's in my mind together. \"Is there any chance you could ignore what I just said?\" I asked, biting my lip. Forbes smiled softly into the night air. \"What are friends for?\" \"I feel so excited.\" I murmured, turning my booming mood down a notch. \"Really?\" Forbes smirked, winking at me. \"I can't imagine why.\" He chuckled softly into the starry night. I hit him in the stomach. \"Whatever.\" Forbes arched an eyebrow. \"You are very strange, Alex.\" But then it got awkward, because I'm the screw-up fairy. \"Um…thanks for not saying anything…in front of Robert…I mean…you know…\" Forbes stopped abruptly, turning his body to face me. Rubbing the back of his neck, he gave me a smile that was free of his usual, cheerful mockery. \"You're welcome.\" Forbes resumed marching again; he was probably so used to by now that it he did not even realize what he was doing. My Major avoided eye contact with me the rest of the way, staring straight ahead towards his destination, a tent that was glowing a spooky yellow in the far distance. Oh, joy, the medical tent. I can't wait to see the wounds so I can get nauseated again. My 'high spirits' plunged down like Splash Mountain at Disneyland. Trip had to be in there. Andrews as well. We neared the tent and I almost ran into the guard. Turns out, it was Rawlins. Eh, yo Rawlins! My home-skillet-biscuit wassup? \"Hello Mr. Rawlins.\" He smiled at me, saluting to Forbes's likewise and silent greeting. \"Miss Janeiro.\" I only talked to him once, but we were homies, being formal only in front of the 'suits.' I had a queasy sensation in my stomach and the butterflies inside me turned into ugly, fat moths. What a lovely picture. I hoped that Forbes would go in first, but unfortunately he picked that very moment to demonstrate his chivalry. He pulled the flap of the tent open and waited. He can keep waiting. But my friend cleared his throat, and I could no longer stand my ground. With a pout, I stepped in first. Though the lamp was about as bright as a sucky iPod, it made me blink when it first hit my eyes. Andrews was muttering something to a soldier that looked about Robert's (sigh) age, waving a wad of bandages in his right hand. The room felt hot and stuffy, like the bloody rainforest, and a hoarse, dragon-like sound filled the air. Finally, when I swept my gaze to the medical bunk, the patient broke my heart. Trip looked like someone chewed him up and spit him back out. His ragged breathing was so loud that it vibrated in my ears, his chest heaving with labor every time he inhaled. His eyes were swollen shut, and he looked like there wasn't enough money in the world that would make him open them again. He was shirtless, lying face down on his stomach, his back looking like brown construction paper that some kindergarten drew hundreds of squiggly lines on with a red marker. There was another clearing of the throat, and I turned my eyes to Andrews, who glared at me with so much disgust I had to look away. Such a hater, honestly. I listened to him as he addressed Forbes. \"Sir, I really must object. This is no tent for a woman.\" Forbes sounded calm and collected, but behind the lines I could sense annoyance. \"I will be leaving 'the woman' in your care. Colonel Shaw himself approved of it. If you have any problems at all, you can take it up with him. I would advise you not to, if you value your current position.\" Burned him! I love you, Forbes! Fearlessly, I raised my eyes from my shoes to catch Andrews's priceless expression. Again, I love Forbes. Andrews was fuming, his large hands balled up into even larger fists. He gave Forbes a tight-lipped smile. \"Yes, of course.\" Forbes nodded, smirking a little in satisfaction. He saluted. \"Good night, Lieutenant.\" No! Forbes! Don't leave me! I can't stick up for myself! He's going to eat me! Forbeeessss! \"Bye, Forbes!\" Andrews actually shuddered in disgust, dropping his saluting arm. \"Good night, Major Forbes.\" As soon as he left, Andrews cracked the whip and got down to business. He plopped me on a crate next to Trip's bedside, shoving a big bowl of icy water into my lap and tossing a dirty, linen towel in to my hand. He instructed me to make sure that the towel was always cold, wiping away the sweat of Trip's brow. It was a fairly easy job, but it was awful. Poor Trip barely noticed me, forcefully opening one eye and seeing right through me, before letting the eyelid drop shut again. His forehead was very hot, and he occasionally shivered. I wished Marty had given me some Nyquil or Tylenol that I could give to him, heck I'd even take Aspirin. Don't give up hope that quickly, Alex. Maybe, he left some in your bag, just maybe. Fat chance. The moment I raised my butt an inch off of the crate, Andrews put a hand on my shoulder and pushed me back down. Fine, be that way. In the future I'd probably make a better doctor than you, you big hater. I was so tired and irritated that when I raised my arms to stretch them out, I ended up smacking somebody in the face. \"I'm sor-\" I turned to apologize, twisting around in my seat. But it was only Andrews, no one of importance; so I let the fragment of my apology hang in the air as he waited for it to come out. Fat chance, buddy boy. This is too entertaining; maybe I should 'stretch' again. Robert stood alone in the darkness of his room, gazing up at the night sky through his window. The crescent moon and the diamond stars glittered and danced magically, reflecting in his brown eyes. He folded his arms over his chest, barely noticing that he was alone in the dark with all of those thoughts bouncing around inside his head. The day had been confusing, to say the least; he thought, rubbing the back of his neck. It started off staggeringly well in the morning, but dropped like a rock when the deserter had been punished, then it elevated into a straight line after he yelled at Miss Janeiro (something he still felt awful for) and now it dropped down to the sea floor again. He sighed loudly, only then noticing that he could not see a damned thing. Frowning, he fumbled his way towards his own desk, testing his footing before taking the step, his feet providing sight that his eyes could not at the moment. The hard part was finding his box of matches among the 'mess' on his own desk. Triumph occurred when his fingertips scraped against the box, sliding it open and fishing one wooden stick out. Finding the gas lamp was almost easy, it hung from the ceiling and the moonlight reflected itself against the glass. Unfortunately, Robert did not see it, and ended up walking into it. He did not wince, but he rubbed his forehead, irritated with the bloody gas lamp. That was just what he needed right now. A perfect way to end the perfect day. Maybe if he was lucky, he would even have a bruise tomorrow. Oh the joy that poured from his heart. Robert snorted. Reaching down, he swiped the match against the side of his boot, watching the flame come to life, quickly bringing it up to the entrance of the gas lamp before the chilly whispers of wind blew the measly spark out. With a soft blow, the gas lamp burst with light, pouring a soft glow into every dark corner of his small room, tinting everything a buttery yellow. He trudged to his small bed, collapsing on it and sighing deeply. Even that took effort. He hoped that the private he had so mercilessly beaten was all right. Robert desperately wished that the man understood that he didn't want to do it, but he had no other choice. Robert knew he wasn't going to be able to sleep without at least seeing how he was holding up. Robert felt so alone. When Miss Janeiro was here, she had soothed him a little, but after she left with Forbes, she took that peace with her, leaving Robert alone to wallow in his confusion and guilt. There were times when he wondered if he was right to take this job. Maybe it should have been someone older, wiser, and much more experienced. Someone with better leadership skills. He wished his father was here. He was desperate for someone smarter to speak with. He found it so frustrating when he did not know what to do. It was an awful feeling, and he yearned for his father's wisdom and council. He would know what to do. He was the type of person who had an answer to everything. Robert had written him another letter, the fourth one this week, but he could not wait that long for his reply to come or he would go insane. There had to be someone else in this Godforsaken camp. Forbes might have been asleep already; besides, he probably wouldn't understand his burden. Charlie went to bed an hour ago. Sergeant Mulcahy…Robert snorted, his own mind was developing a special sense of humor. Miss Janeiro…out of the question. Thomas…good Lord he probably hated him. There was only one other man he could think of, but after what Robert did today to his tent mate, he doubted that the man would want speak with him. Robert himself could barely stomach the sight of his own reflection in the mirror. He rubbed his temples in small, clockwise circles, drawing another deep breath and relishing in the sensation of the fresh oxygen that filled his lungs. Yes, it had been a long day. Yes, he was cruel today. Yes, he was a lost, wandering lunatic. Yes, he was remorseful. Yes, he hated himself for it. Yes, he had yelled at Miss Janeiro. Yes, he had no right. Yes, he was no gentleman. And yes: He was in love with her. Rawlins continued to stare straight ahead, but he could detect a slight movement from of the corner of one weathered eye. He glanced around slowly, disinterestedly, expecting to find another private running about, wrapped in a frazzled, woolen blanket. To his surprise, he was almost shocked to see that it was the colonel approaching him, his face marble and grim, shoulders slouched, and feet trudging through the half-frozen ground. It was different from his usual, proud, elegant stride, this time he seemed worried and confused, with a pinch of fear dwelling behind his glossy eyes. Rawlins almost pitied him. Even though he was not fond of the way Trip paid for supposed 'deserting', he agreed that the man must be punished for his actions, because he was warned several times of the military consequences. The old man did not show any evidence that he had seen the colonel, he simply remained at his post. The younger man paused in front of him, raising his arm slowly in a halfhearted salute. \"Mr. Rawlins.\" Rawlins barely acknowledged him, raising his arm in an automatic greeting, before letting it drop limply at his side. His curiosity had reached its peak, but his face was still adorned with the same ennui expression. The younger officer looked more than embarrassed, uneasily stumbling over his tongue in search for the right words. \"This morning I-I.\" He started off with the tone of an apology, but his voice broke off and spiraled down as he tried to rebound for it by inhaling deeply. Rawlins softened a bit, finding the proud, white colonel to be a simple boy with a job too big for his age. Rawlins thought he looked lonely, and even a bit depressed, and his eyes were holding an expression that looked like he had an army in front of him instead of behind him. The poor boy abandoned his prime approach, choosing a different path as he changed his tone from remorse to one that hinted desperation. \"It would be a great help,\" he paused to chew some more on his bottom lip, \"if I could speak to you about the men from time to time.\" Rawlins squatted his neck to keep it from shaking his head, but otherwise, his face held no emotion and his body language showed no sign that he had even heard him. But Rawlins was a compassionate man-he had to be, it was what kept him strong for all the years he had been separated from his family ever since he ran away-but he still kept his true feelings at bay. The sergeant-major-to-be was no fool, he could hear the desperate plea in Shaw's voice and Rawlins was reminded once again of his own children. How he missed them. He felt that he had to say something comforting to the boy, who was seeking understandment. Perhaps, someone in the south will understand his children if they ever need help, maybe helping this confused child would be like helping his own. Unfortunately, he took too long to reply, and the younger male interpreted incorrectly. Colonel Shaw's face fell, and he held a broken, let-down expression in his eyes. \"That's all.\" He mumbled softly, disappointed, turning slowly away from Rawlins with his head hanging in shame and loneliness. \"Shoes, Colonel!\" He called out suddenly, watching him stop in his tracks. The young man, intrigued, turned around slowly with a look of puzzlement painted with emotional ink across his face. Rawlins tried to get through to him. \"The men need shoes, Colonel.\" Shaw's eyes lit up in a comprehending manner. \"I know.\" He nodded quickly, almost eagerly. \"I've been after the quartermaster for some time.\" Rawlins shook his head sharply, but the colonel barely noticed. \"Now, sir.\" He reasoned. \"Now.\" He sighed, slightly hesitant to reveal the truth about Trip. \"The boy was off tryin' to find hisself some shoes, Colonel.\" The young man gaped at him, too stunned to speak. \"He wants to fight.\" Rawlins continued. \"Same as the rest of us.\" He added a quick afterthought of Trip's bitter thoughts of hatred and anger. Of freedom. \"More, even.\" A whisper of wind would have knocked Robert down. He gaped at the wise, older man in astonishment, too stunned to speak. That was another wonderful thing to add to his conscious. The boy was not guilty. He had beaten him for a crime he did not commit. The colonel was in shock, wide-eyed and open-mouthed, as the old man pulled open the tent flap and motioned for him to step inside. His eyes swept over Miss Janeiro, who was half-asleep at her 'post', and then traced his gaze to the beaten private wasted on the bed. Guilt and remorse. Guilt and Remorse. Guilt, remorse, and Robert. They all had the same meanings. He ripped his gaze off of the broken man's scarred back, waiting in silence as Rawlins gently lifted one of the so-called deserter's hole-filled shoe off of his foot. Robert drew in a sharp breath. The exposed foot was a terrible sight. It looked worse than the man's back. His foot barely looked like a foot, bright red and covered with dry blood. It was craggy and possessed a tiny evidence of frostbite. Some parts were black and charred, dirty with mud and raw from the cheap leather. Robert struggled to keep himself calm and composed, but inwardly he was a time bomb just waiting to explode. Guilt and remorse were driven out by anger. He had never felt so furious in his entire life. The government was not giving them shoes. They were soldiers, men with families, Americans , but they were deprived of everything. Robert literally felt his fists quake in fury. He felt his regiment was molested, and the only way he could think of reaching the quartermaster was to fight fire with fire. He swallowed his spitfire words, like knives that were being sharpened specifically for the fat quartermaster, and looked up at Rawlins. \"All of the men like this?\" He questioned, jerking his head at the wounded private, and struggling not to tent his voice with his rage. Rawlins shook his head sadly. \"Yes, sir. Most of them.\" There was a small growl in the back of his throat, and Robert felt that if he did not step outside then it would burst out. How dare those men start wars, end wars, and control the lives of people as if they were nothing more than cattle? Robert gritted his teeth and his breathing sounded like that of a wounded, fire-breathing dragon. He would get what they need even if it started another fight. His fists were so tight and shaking that his knuckles turned white. He swore at the quartermaster. This meant war. Going to sleep. Zzzzz. Review please. J[Chapter 34] I've totally been on a Glory track lately, lol, I'm just so obsessed with them one shots, and updating-ness. ;) Not very proud of this, it could have been better, but I am on my deathbed right now from the flu and will die in ten minutes unless my brother doesn't hurry up and come back from Target with the damn Tylenol. :D Cough. Cough. Sniff. Sniff. Review please.[Chapter 35] Hey guys, sorry for the wait, I was sick and had a year's worth of homework to catch up on. I feel much better, thanks guys! Ye be warned: Kinda random but hard case of writer's block. :( Enjoy! HeartlessVampireGirl : YES, Robert actually called the quartermaster a S.O.B. in the movie. Gasp! :D Otose : Thank you! I know right? I had to watch that part several times with my friends because it's such a killer scene. GDgirl1993 : Thanks. Isn't his smile just adorable after that scene? *Sigh* IceDragonHikari : I'm itching to WRITE the upcoming battle scene. Jazmonsterr : I have to agree with your mom, Charlie Sheen was hot back in the day (Ferris Bueller!) and I'm not the only one that thinks Jon Cryer looks like Matthew Broderick! I told my friends that and they thought I was crazy, they're like: Geez, you see Broderick everywher e. LOL. Beagle Bug : Oh that's easy, just click on the Vote For Fave Glory Character on my profile and just pt who you like best in the comments. :) Anonymous : Thanks for the Get Well thoughts! :) I heart that scene, omigosh. HighQueenCrystal : Lol, I actually thought that it was way too early, but people were wanting it and it was too late to change it. :( Dress4m : Thank you so much, :D I heart Robbie. ;) BK Love-ah : Thank you for the nice review, I feel much better. :) CarminaXBuranaX : Aww thanks hon, it made my ough and mucus filled day. :D Yeah, I knew what your name was and when I watched the Glory trailer on youtube one of the comments were \"That music is called Carmina Burana etc. etc.\" I totally meant to ask you, but you beat me to the punch. :) Smartyjonescrzy : Hehe, I used to think I was a major Windie, but I see that I now must cough that title over to you. :) I looked Norwood Hallowell up on google, he's interesting, but he pales in comparison to Robert Gould Shaw, I'm sure you'd agree, eh? ;) YarisVamp : Haha, thanks. I was super-surprised when Rob called him a SOB in the movie. The entire class was cracking up! ;) SamanthaStory : Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! I know right? Sometimes I wish no copyright existed so people could just publish their fanfics. ;) Robert could not help but grin, abandoning the hopeless cause of trying to kill the smile before it had a chance to break out across his face. He felt light-headed and his tunnel vision was just beginning to widen out to normal, but that unshakeable feeling of upliftedness was yet to evanesce. Robert was a foreigner to this new, powerful emotion, for it was so rare for him to act this way that he found himself doubting it really happened. He went to such extreme measures, but he felt no guilt, in fact, he felt prevailing and stronger. Desperate times call for desperate measures. God knows how desperate he was. It was an ego-boosting sensation, and Robert felt unconeitedly proud, the comforting impression like there was nothing in this world that he couldn't do. The numbness that held him prisoner for the last several days finally released its unbreakable grip from Robert's collar. He felt alive again. He even felt a little silly for all that he was getting out of verbally abusing the posturing quartermaster, but truth be told, he was enjoying every minute. His heart was still racing, but over time, his pulse gradually began to return to normal. There was only one thing he feared, and that was if Miss Janeiro had heard his fowl language. Ladies had very sensitive ears, he knew that. He jerked his head back at her, scrutinizing her face for any sign of shocked emotion, or a degrading opinion of him. None. In fact, she wasn't looking at him at all, but appeared to be deep in thought over some womanly matter that he could not even begin to comprehend. Robert turned to face forward again, leading his menacing-looking band of soldiers back to camp. Like I said earlier, I hate Andrews. When we came back, Robert gave me some chores to do and sent me back to the medical tent, Andrews bound. Thanks a lot Rob, maybe someday I'll repay my freaking gratitude to you. Can't wait to see what Andrews will have me do, no doubt something sexist and domestic like cooking or mopping. On second thought, nah, he won't make me do cooking, because last time I was in the kitchen was not a success. Last night when Andrews sent me to get coffee, I woke Jerry the Cook up and asked him to make it, he told me to help him. So I did. But things did not go according to plan, and I ended up burning water . How the freak do you burn water ? Now as long as I had already begun my long list of whines and complaints to you, let me throw in the thing that pisses me off most. The guy refuses to call me Alex. How hard is that? But when he does the 'miss' B.S, he can't even say that right. It's not 'Miss Jan-eee-ro' you egotistical bottom-dweller, it's Jan-air-o, like the city. Is this really too much to ask? I mean, even after correcting him, he still stresses the E in my last name. I grumbled, drawing a dirty rag out of the soapy bucket and twisting the unnecessary water out of it. I slammed the wet rag on to the dirty wooden floor, in the medical building adjacent to the medical tent . The floor had a foot of dust and grime on it, and this, believe it or not, was not a fun process. I had just cleaned about a square foot of the long corridor-me so proud- when Forbes and Charlie came tramping through the doors. When Forbes, who had hardly noticed me, got closer, I grinned evilly, and stuck out a foot just for the fun of it. My plan had worked. He stumbled, tried to catch his footing, but tripped over my ankle and ended up falling into the hall, his body sprawled on the ground. I felt bad for him, truly I did, and I would have apologized if not for the fact that I was laughing so hard. I didn't expect him to fly down like that, stumble maybe, but not fall. Charlie laughed as well, his eyes tearing up from amusement. He sank down next to me, and we leaned against each other, supporting each of our weight as we collapsed in a fit of laughter. Forbes scowled at first, and then shot us down with a lopsided grin. Propping himself up against the wall, he sighed. \"I hope everyone saw that because I will not be doing it again.\" With one final chuckle, Charlie sobered. \"Are you all right, my friend?\" Forbes looked at me pointedly and rolled his eyes. \"Right as rain.\" He muttered sarcastically. I changed the subject. \"So Forbes, where were you guys going?\" Forbes was still was still wearing the same glare that Robert was wearing when he marched off to harass whoever, the glare that made them both look like the terminator. But I flashed Forbes an innocent smile, and his glare melted away as he looked up heavenward, as if seeking for some divine help and a reason not to pummel me. Charlie answered for him, sensing his distress. \"We were about to gather some troops to help bring in the wagons of shoes.\" I frowned in confusion. \"Shoes?\" \"For the men.\" Forbes replied calmly, pulling himself up. Charlie joined him. \"Okay, kids, have fun!\" I waved at them and they smiled…even Forbes…continuing for the exit of the building. Let me interrupt for a minute so I can brag about how cool Rob's little mafia-group looked like, strolling up that alley like assassins ready to deal with some traitor to the gang. We were like Chicago mobsters, and Robert was Al Capone. His eyes were like flint, anger boiling behind the lenses. Wow, such a powerful description, eh? Speaking of Roberto… Soul Searcher Time. In two weeks I'll be eighteen years old. Is that still too young to know what love really is? I mean, I know that I might come off as immature, but really I am smarter than I look and sound (would you believe that I won first place in my freshman science fair?) No, I thought you wouldn't, but it really did happen, it should be included in Ripley's Believe it or Not. Anyway …I feel this fluttery feeling whenever I'm around Robert, and when he talks to me (or let us just say ' reprimands ' since that happens much more often) I feel higher, right there on top of the world along with Santa. Sometimes I feel like I can fly, and whenever I feel homesick, and I talk to Robert, banter with Forbes, and think deeply with Charlie, I feel like everything is all right, and nostalgia slips away, and it feels like the stars burn for me. Son of a-why the hell do people do this? It took me almost one hour to scrub one-third of the hallway clean and Andrews, Mr. High-and-mighty, just walked in and dragged mud on the floor of the corridor. Remember when I had to use all my self-control not to flash obscene gestures at Andrews? Well, I don't have much control left. My temper snapped, that was the last bloody straw, it was almost the same feeling I get when my sister plays one of her Justin-fudging-Beiber songs. \"Dude! What the hell?\" I feel a little abused, like a coffee machine in an office. Andrews half turned, his eyebrow raised in surprise. \"I don't have time to argue with you Miss Janeiro, and frankly, it does not concern me.\" Again, son of a-ooh that's it. That. Is. It. He needed to stop acting like a jerk. And he needed to seriously rethink the length of his sideburns. I have no idea what took over me, it was like Disturbia, but I dragged myself off of the floor, and brought the dirty rag with me. Lifting it over my head, I spun it around like cowboys do with their lassos. Then I released, watching as it sailed into the air and landed with a splat on Andrews's James-Norrington head. Not one of my most brilliant moments. Robert was shocked with Miss Janeiro's display. Women! Leave them alone for one minute and what do they do? He was passing through the intersecting hallway when he heard scrubbing noises; he rounded the corner to find Miss Janeiro, muttering something and them humming some depressing love song. The next moment, Andrews walked in and the rag was in the air and on his head. Good Lord, just what he needed, more damn problems. \"What is the meaning of this?\" He spoke calmly, but his voice held a sharp, irritated edge to it that brought both Miss Janeiro and Andrews to attention, lifting the rag off his head in disgust. Miss Janeiro blinked blankly, her eyes wide like silver dollars. Andrews spoke first. \"This-this- woman threw this rag at me.\" Andrews complained in a low growl, murdering Miss Janeiro with a glare. She lifted her chin high in indignation. \"He deserved it.\" Robert closed his eyes painfully, rubbing at his temples, trying to force the throbbing wave of pain to ebb from his head. \"Miss Janeiro, surely there must have been a reason.\" \"Of course there was.\" \"Humph.\" They answered at the same time. Robert's eyes jumped from Miss Janeiro to Lieutenant Andrews, glowering at them both in an irritated fashion. \"Miss Janeiro, come with me.\" He snapped, and his tone demanded compliance. She shuffled her feet and followed after him, and Robert dismissed Andrews, who was unruffled by the entire ordeal. He led Miss Janeiro back to the medical tent, telling her to leave the mopping chore for a later time. She tried to explain something to him, but Robert refused to listen, his mind still on the toughening subject of shoes. He guided her inside the tent and sat her down next to the whipped private's bedside, deliberately looking at him as little as possible. \"Miss Janeiro, notify me or Lieutenant Andrews if he regains consciousness.\" He instructed, waiting for her to nod. \"And do try to show more respect to a higher ranking officer.\" He noticed her glower and grit her teeth in defiance, but he exited the building before she could begin her protesting. He was only half-horrified that a grown lady would behave this way, but it was subdued do to the fact that he had seen his sister Susannah behave the same way many times before. There probably was a verifiable reason to the way she acted, but Robert had too much on his mind as it was to worry about that . He would pursue it later if he was given the time. Why did I do that? Because I'm a lummox, aren't I? I feel so stupid. If those ridiculous stereotypes say that blondes are dumb, than what the hell am I? My temper got the best of me, I had tunnel vision and I did not think. When do I think? I am most 'proud' to announce that I officially have anger issues. He just pissed me off. Then Robert came along like the freaking plague and made it worse. I still despise Andrews. Don't get me wrong, now normally I don't walk around hating on people, but with Andrews, it is so much different. He is the root of all evil. The epitome of dread and misery. He makes my life hell-o. I can't help but sulk as I sit by Trip's unconscious body, glowering at Andrews' back whenever he walks in. Really, he treats me like my boss treated me on the first day I came to work at Burger King. Yes, I said Burger King. Don't judge, we're all aware of how much my life sucks by now. Me: Good Morning Sir! I'm so excited to be working for Burger King and hope that my work will meet your expectations; I hope to contribute greatly to the burger community! *Kiss up* Boss: Go away; I don't have time for ignorant students. Me: …*shuffles out of room* You get the picture. Just like Andrews, he was the type of guy who yelled a lot. After complaining about it to my older step sister (don't like her much either), she told me that people like that could be taken care of with loads of finesse and the right attitude. So whenever he yelled at me, I found that the most efficient attitude and finesse was to yell right back at him. That got me fired. I wrinkled my nose at the dried blood and ointment that came with the soiled bandages as I stripped them off of Trip's back. I discarded them in the medical bin, and went to grab a washbowl and clean cloth off of a cabinet shelf. When I returned to Trip's bedside, I dipped the cloth into the water and brushed it gently against his raw skin. His eyes flew open and he gritted his teeth. \"Damn it.\" He cursed. I was taken aback. He was partly dead and still had strength to use profanities. 'You're awake.\" Brilliant deduction, my dear Watson. I threw a look over my shoulder, glad to find that Andrews had left the room. I dipped the cloth again and was gentler as I touched his skin. He winced again. \"Have you no mind, Girl?\" I'm dying to know what's the hundredth thing I did to piss somebody off today. \"What?\" I snapped. \"Yo head is empty fo sho, ain't it?\" Trip grunted softly, glaring at me. \"I'm not stupid.\" I sniffed indignantly. Ha, that's a laugh. \"All them white 'ladies' ain't got no more sense than a chicken.\" He muttered, much too loud for a sick man. \"Yo blind, Girl? I ain't got no skin on mah back and yo is pressin' on it lak a britches on a scrub board.\" I gritted me teeth. \"I barely touched you.\" Trip rolled his eyes. \"Dumber than a chicken. Worse than a nigger.\" My temper has been swirling in circles today, and it just snapped again. I'm so sick of his crap I could just puke. Ever since the first day of this B.S. he's been making fun of me and making me feel like dirt. Well, I had it. I had enough! \"Would you shut up!\" It was Trip's turn to be taken aback. \"What the hell did you say to me?\" Hate is not an attractive color on you. \"Are you deaf and stupid?\" I growled, pressing the cloth down on his back enough to make him wince. I apologized immediately, though, I did not mean to hurt him. Trip's voice took on a warning tone. \"You better watch who you is talkin' to. I ain't taking no shit from no white trash.\" That. Officially. Pissed. Me. Off. \"Listen, jerk...\" \"Mighty strong words for a-\" \"Shut up!\" I cut him off. \" I'm talking, not you.\" He opened his mouth to protest only to have me cut him off again. \"Who do you think you are?\" I spat. \"I'm so tired of your macho bullshit.\" My dad would stick soap into my mouth no matter how old I was. \"You walk around like you're the king of the world, and you hate everybody. Well you know what? The people you put down have feelings. Including me. Everybody here has their own effing problems, but they don't drag people down with them. You humiliate me and make me feel like dirt, and I'm tired of it. You even make me cry sometimes.\" I grudgingly admitted. \"But after you got whipped, I felt sorry for you. I didn't think you deserved it. But now, I feel no sympathy to you. I've never knew a black person who was called a nigger and fit the description.\" Except maybe Kanye West. \"But you just might be it!\" By the time I was done, my chest was heaving so hard I looked like Reese Witherspoon after she ripped up the posters in Election . I stormed away from him, wringing my hands as I crossed the room to put as much distance between us as humanly possible. I don't get angry easily, but today everybody's pissing me off for some reason. Maybe it's because my monthly screw-up fairy is due any day now. I hate Mother Nature, too. I was still fuming when I heard Trip shout to me. \"Janeiro!\" It was the first (and last) time he used my name, rather than Twinkle Toes. Stick it where the sun don't shine, buddy. \"What do you want now?\" \"Come here.\" He ordered. Over my dead body. I remained stationary. He got the hint, and grudgingly added the magic word. \"Please.\" I marched to his bedside, my arms akimbo and my best scowl 'decorating' my face. \"Yes, your majesty.\" Trip looked uncomfortable. \"Sit down.\" I glared at him but did what he said. \"I didn't…\" He was swallowing his pride, I could see it in his eyes. \"I ain't aiming for you getting' mad.\" \"Oh?\" I arched an eyebrow, feigning disinterest. I could tell my responses weren't making it any easier for him.\"I aint' sho mah self why ah wuz sayin that trash.\" He laughed bitterly, wincing at his back. \"Guess ah is just pissed at mah back, and that white boy.\" He noticed my stare, and corrected himself. \"Ah-the colonel. Shaw, ain't it? Ah wuz just-hell…\" \"He wasn't the one who deserted.\" I retorted, even thought I knew perfectly well that Trip didn't either. I crossed my legs and arms. He sighed. \"Let up on me, Girl, you is blind or can't you see that this ain't easy to say?\" I bit down a smile. \"What exactly are you trying to say?\" I'm going to make him say those words, even if it kills him. His face twisted into something of a wince and a scowl. \"Ah will let off on ya. Ah shouldn't 'ave been buggin' a woman in them first place anyhow.\" I stared him down, and he crumbled. \"Ah's…ah's…dammit…ah's 'pologizing.\" I gave him a big smile, feeling mighty accomplished. \"You know what, Trip? I get pissed at the world sometimes too.\" Then, with extra care, I gently rebandaged his back. He gave me an exhausted smile. \"You know, Girl? You's all right…fo' a white.\" My returning smile was lopsided. \"Thanks.\" \"They're here, Sir.\" Robert snapped his head back, startled out of his cat nap that he took standing up. His eyes found Charlie standing in the door way, his eyes glowing and his face flushed with excitement. Robert pushed off of the wall and approached his friend, returning the salute that the younger man had managed not to forget to deliver. Robert was confused. \"Pardon?\" \"Shoes, Sir.\" Charlie danced on one foot. \"We brought 'em in.\" Robert had to struggle to keep his own childish excitement at bay, and force himself not to run outside like a little boy. But he rushed out with speed anyway. His long-legged strides scaled between the tents as he broke out of the small 'neighborhood' of soldier housing and came to stand in the clearing by the camp entrance, immediately noticing four wagons filled to the brim with black leather shoes. Rawlins was standing in one, clutching the side of the wagon and flinging a pair of shoes tied by laces into the air. He was surrounded by a flood of soldiers who pushed against each other, each man trying to make his way to the front. All exulted their excitement and happiness at the top of their lungs, glad that they would no longer have to march bare-footed on the thawing, early spring ground. \"Here, boys!\" Rawlins called out, a grin too big for his face sketched on to his weathered, leathery brown skin. He threw pairs and pairs of shoes at the mob of men, all had their hands raised and tackled each other to catch a pair. Rawlins laughed. \"One pair per customer!\" Robert watched their happiness in a dark corner between the tents, aloof and staying out of everyone's way. He was feeling pleased of himself, an emotion that rarely slipped into his brain and heart. He wanted to shout and grin as well, but that would not be proper, for he was their commanding officer and must always maintain an air of serene seriousness and authority. But he allowed himself a small smile. \"Robert, sir?\" He half-turned at the feminine voice, not noticing the fact that she used his first name. Miss Janeiro wrung her hands, glancing over his shoulder at the cheery spectacle. \"Sir, the private regained consciousness.\" She shrugged, looking everywhere but at him. \"I thought you would like to know.\" He was feeling generous, and he flashed her a smile, starting with one corner of his mouth and pulling up the other. It was gone before long. \"Thank you, Miss Janeiro.\" She wasn't sure whether or not to acknowledge his ghost of a smile, and attempted something that looked like a salute but ended up hitting her kepi off of her head. Robert beat her to it and retrieved it for her. She took it from him quickly, pulling it back over her eyes, trying to hide her blush. With a thank you, she scurried off. Robert watched the jubilant men for another minute, before following after her. He stepped casually into the medical tent, his eyes immediately finding the wounded private, his high spirits slowly erasing. He watched in silence as Andrews, after showing a salute, changed the private's soiled bandages and gently laid out fresh linen scraps across the soldier's brutally butchered back. Robert felt himself wincing as he watched the man's struggled breathing. \"Andrews.\" He stopped the young doctor in the doorway. The man turned to look at him expectantly. Robert wished only to help. \"Is there anything you need?\" The colonel was serious, he'd go back again and maybe this time he'd break down Kendrick's damned door if he had to. Andrews processed his words, speedily thinking of anything they might be low on. \"No sir.\" \"Let me know.\" Robert's voice was gentle, but his tone was like a command, as if he wanted a reason to go back and harass Kendricks again. It was a very ego-lifting process. Andrews saluted, side-stepping him. \"Yes, sir.\" Robert nodded, ready to leave the tent as well, until he threw a glance back at the wounded boy. He shifted his head and turned it to face Robert, eyeing him with a hard stare that made Robert feel like he was disintegrating under his harsh glare. He met his eyes and looked at him with pity, breaking his gaze abruptly and exiting the tent. My US History class is full of idiots. Half of them thought that Abraham Lincoln lived in the Revolutionary War. I was appalled, they taught the Civil War since like fourth grade. Really people. Lol. Review please. :)[Chapter 36] Ah, the weekly update! Otose : Thanks, I've totally read your story too and I loved it, I've just been really bad and did not review it yet, which I will do so post haste. :) Beagle Bug : Haha, our school had celeb day last week, too. I went as Lady Gaga, had that platinum wig and the shiny lightning bolt on my face and everything. It was fun. IceDragonHikari : Trust me on this one, I feel no loyalty to ignorant people, particularly my US History, class, an AP class as well. My teacher almost passed out from shock. :O Smartyjonescrzy : I was trying to establish the fact that Alex does not like Andrews, I would expect that she would be nonchalant about the whole 'Miss' thing by now…but then again...*shrugs* Alex is Alex. :D I read Calamity Jane, and I loved it. It was so…so…sweet. Your style of writing astounds me, Smarty, you must continue. :) CarminaXBuranaX : Thank you! Normal is a good thing, it means that the characters are believable (like yours) and I can't wait for your next update, you never fail to impress! :) Anonymous : Lol, Andrews is such a jerk, he reminds me of my cousin who thinks he's all that ever since he got accepted to Standford medical school. *Rolls eyes.* :D BK Love-ah : Lol, Alex is just pissing everbody off to day, eh? :D Hahaha… YarisVamp : Have you ever noticed htat almost all P.E. teachers are either gay or jerks? Or is it just me? ;p Samantha Story : Get plenty of sleep, and drink a lot of fluids. Future doctor's orders. :D Thanks! Dress4m : Thanks! Jazmonsterr : Wow, almost everybody in my school is obsessed with two things. One: Charlie Sheen. Two: Chuck Norris. It's so crazy! Lol, people actually write reports about them. :D Ah yes, the battle of James Island and FT. Wagner are soon to happen *deep breaths* :) EmpressofDalmasca : Thank you so much! Always nice to hear from new readers! :) This morning I woke up screaming. Literally. Even though my scream was muffled by my scrawny excuse for a pillow, it was enough to make poor Forbes jerk violently up in his bunk next to mine. He stormed a loud curse and rolled over on his side, off the edge of the bed and on to the floor. He swore again, loud enough to stir most of the men with grumpy mutterings, and loud enough to wake Charlie up, whom was across from us on the other side of the room. He blinked up at me from his position on the floor, and narrowed his eyes in serious scrutiny when he realized that I looked alright. \"Alex, what the devil is the matter with you?\" Like I'm really going to tell you. Now let me explain my not unusually strange behavior. I slept fitfully last night because my stomach kept hurting, and would wake me up several times an hour and force me to find a more comfortable position. A few minutes ago, was one of those times. I rolled over and frowned. It felt very uncomfortable in my pants, and a sticky, wet sensation-which is probably more information than you cared to know-made me sit up abruptly as I realized that Mother Nature had just honored me with another one of her unwanted visits. And what followed after that, you already know. Forbes was still waiting for an answer. \"Nothing.\" I snapped at him with panic and mild irritation. \"Go back to sleep.\" He stared at me blankly, then shrugged and turned his back to me. This. Is. Not. Good. This is so not fair. Not fair at all. Why did this have to happen? This is not fair, I tell you! I stared up at the ceiling, my blanket covering the bottom half of my body, folded underneath my arms. I clasped my hands together, please God don't let this be a monthly. I'd rather have peed myself than have that happen. But unfortunately, it was my period. I could feel the cramping start already, numbing my thighs and brewing in the pit of my stomach. I was about to cry. I don't even half a change of…you get it. Besides, it's not exactly easy to perform the necessary feminine toiletries when you're sleeping with a bunch of men. Err…I could have worded that a little better, couldn't I? Ow! It's seriously starting to hurt now. Now I'm going to start crying for real. Screw crying, I want to scream at the top of my lungs like a bloody banshee. I slapped a hand over my mouth in attempt to contain my tempting 'excitement.' I tried to be an optimist about, but I could not find anything to optimize, so I did the usual: at least this day can't get any worse. It starts raining. Today is not my day. Seriously, I thought this only happens in movies. Aargh! Permit me to scream, but I won't for I fear I'll wake somebody important up, like Robert, or worse…Mulcahy. I have to go outside in that rain too, because in the 1800's, people here actually put the bathrooms outside. What the hell? What happens in the winter when you have the stomach flu? Pneumonia. I crawled from underneath my blanket, and stumbled out of bed, irritatingly unwrapping the poor excuse for a blanket that dared to wrap itself around my legs. I kicked it away. I grabbed that really cool Union jacket 'Susannah' gave me, and slipped my arms through the sleeves. It was thick and warm, but it did not make me want to go outside anymore than I wanted to go before. Dragging a hand through my hot-mess hair, more like the mess without the hot, I pulled the blue Yankee hat over my eyes, trying to get the bill to shield my face from the rain. I was finally semi-prepared to step outside. The rain had me soaking wet in less than three minutes, of course it was only after I walked the half-mile to the darn restrooms, did I realize I had nothing to change into and needed to go back. That's what I call ironic. So I turned myself around and headed bloody back. I wanted to blame somebody for this, refusing to come to grips that I had nobody to lay this on but myself. Maybe I should blame Marty. After all, he was the one who started this whole civil war junk. Or maybe I should blame Forbes, he seems like an easy target. Or that damned Andrews. Or maybe Robert, just because I feel like it. I groaned as I clutched my stomach. Go away pain! My body is such a traitor. Could it not wait until I was back in the future? Of course not. That would actually make sense. It is a proven, scientific phenomenon-law that everything that has to do with Alexandra Janeiro must not make sense. But seriously, it hurts so bad. I leaned against a post, watching the rain fall. Mother Nature must have some grudge on me. It would be the cherry on top of my banana split if somebody came out and saw me right now. It would be almost as embarrassing as the time Andrews caught me doing 'Thriller' outside of the mess hall. I winced again, before pushing off of the wooden post that held the barrack building up, and stepped inside. My eyes immediately landed on my bed. There was bright, conspicuous, small yellow duffel bag resting the ugly, light-blue bedding. The zippers gleamed in the silver light of the rain clouds, and I tried not to run to it for fear of waking any of the guys up with my loud, Jurassic Park footsteps. Nevertheless, I made haste, or whatever. Soundlessly, I tackled the duffel bag, and ripped the zipper trail opened, wincing at the loud sound it made in the otherwise silent room. You can only imagine my relief when my eyes fell on the hygiene items inside. I let out a breath I did not know I was holding. Then again, it also made me blush; but it soon left, I'm not that modest. There was a fresh set of jeans, more underwear, a stick deodorant, chap stick, and Glory Hallelujah, 'feminine napkins.' There was also a hasty, awkwardly written note. Alex- Jennifer picked it out, not me. You're Welcome, -M.M How doth he get in and out of here? No matter, I grabbed the duffel bag, and ran back out into the nasty, silver weather. I reached the door of the 'bathhouse' as the officers refer to it, personally I think the soldiers' more vulgar term 'the Crapper' fits it much better. I breathed through my mouth the entire time, needless to say, it smells like shit-aki mushrooms in here. I proceeded to do my thing. Now ladies, most of us hate this time of month. Some of us, seriously, passionately, despise it. I'm no different. But sometimes, PMS can be a total ego booster. You become unstoppable. Brave men cower in the darkest corners, fearing to be found by you. Personally, I become superwoman. I get mad faster than a speeding bullet, I argue more powerfully than a locomotive, and I'm able to jump to nasty conclusions in a single bound. Now, that's all very nice to have during a time of said crises, but what I really need is some sympathy, so try to picture my situation. You are the only female for miles around. You are from the future, where PMS is shrugged at, instead of here, where it is sneered and horrified at. You are surrounded by men. Rowdy, muscled males who drill every day all day. You are 'aide-de-camp' to a cute Civil War officer that is at least one-hundred and fifty years older than you, fought at Antietam, and killed somebody. Not to mention, he will more than likely notice that you are not up and about today, and come storming in demanding an explanation that you will refuse to give. Gee whiz, I can't wait to see what life throws at me next. Once my toiletries were completed, I stepped back outside into the wet atmosphere, taking deep breaths of the fresh, rainy air, enjoying the smell of petrichor and finally being able to breathe through my nose again. It feels good to have me sense of smell back, no thanks to the so-called 'bathhouse.' I slipped back into the barracks, noticing that they gloomy, dark grey sky was beginning to brighten into a snowy platinum, which means that the hours of night are passing into early morning, and soon enough, it would be time to wake up and face the inevitable. I groaned, and gingerly slid back into my bunk, curling up into a fetal position under the flimsy blanket. Later that morning, Forbes stood to the side with Charlie, stirring his watery coffee with mild enthusiasm. It did not look, smell, or taste very appetizing, but he needed all the caffeine he could get. The officers had gathered for breakfast in their smaller, cleaner 'dining room' apart from the soldiers' mess hall. He looked over at Charlie, who chewed on the side of his hard tack with the type of facial expression that made him look like he was eating soap. Both men were quiet that morning, having woken up less than ten minutes before. Forbes yawned and his eyes watered, his attempt to blink back his 'tears' was fruitless, and his vision irritatingly blurred. The whole officer's squad carried themselves with an alert posture, but inwardly, all would rather be back in their bunk beds, sleeping soundly on a rainy morning such as this one. Speaking of sleeping, a certain 'Miss Janeiro' was still not up and about yet. It was no big surprise for him, Forbes shrugged it off, he would just have to go back and wake her like he did every morning, before Robert walked through the barracks and found her there. Forbes smirked in amusement, knowing it would be quiet funny if he 'forgot' to wake her one morning and let Robert find her. He chuckled at the thought, but like a good friend, was set to go wake her the minute he finished his tasteless coffee. Too his uncontainable surprise, he did not have to. When he raised his eyes from the black depths of his coffee, he found himself staring at the open door of the officer's barracks. The small person standing in the middle of the door way-or leaning heavily on, would be a better description-gave Forbes a startling shock. Her dark brown hair turned black and stringy, clumped together from the heavy rain, a shocking contrast with her sickly pale skin, making her blue eyes look like twin bruises. She looked like death itself, clad in dark denim, the dark blue union coat and the navy union kepi. Alex took one slow, deliberate step in, and the door slammed shut behind her from the force of the early spring wind. Some people really know how to make an entrance. \"Alex, you look terrible.\" Forbes observed when he had finally found his voice to speak. She gave him a glare that made him stiffen. \"Gee, Forbes, you sure know how to compliment a girl.\" She snarled, plopping down on the bench across from him, and dropping her head into her arms on the table. Forbes noticed Charlie arch an eyebrow with polite concern. \"Alex, are you all right?\" \"Yeah.\" She squeaked pathetically from the hidden depths of her arms. Both men could hear the outright lie in her voice. Apparently, Charlie decided not to speak anymore, and neither did Forbes. He was still shocked at her not-so-bright and early admission this morning. He sighed loudly as he watched her dark mess of coils drip water on to the floor, spiraling down and meeting the stone floor with a plop! He turned away, bemused by her silence, and stirred his coffee. He stirred, and he stirred, and he stirred, finding nothing more productive to do with himself, until she broke the awkward silence. \"Screw it, Forbes! Would you stop stirring that drink or is this some kind of freaken' science experiment?\" She barked, dropping her head down again. Trust Forbes, he stopped . Even Charlie looked scared. A moment passed, and Forbes felt a bit wounded. That wasn't necessary. He shrugged it off, and stirred the coffee once more just for the fun of it. To his dismay, there was no reaction this time; so Forbes tried it again. No. Apparently his source of entertainment for this morning was broken now, and there was nothing left to do but go about the usual inspections of the camp. Not that he was in any hurry to do so; no one was ready to go out in that rain. But he cocked his head at Charlie, and he got the message. Forbes made a show of rising, and made show of rising, slamming his coffee cup loudly but without attitude. It was only then that she raised her head to look at him. She did not look angry anymore, she looked sad and queasy, as if there was some major problem that she had and she was alone to face it. She stared at him sheepishly. \"I'm sorry.\" She whispered, and then dropped her head into her palms again, her legs drawn up to her stomach, and tears staining her face red. Personally, Forbes would have rather had her scream at him again, rather than cry. He did not know what could possibly be the matter, and he strongly doubted that she was weeping for his forgiveness. He glanced at Charlie for support, for an answer, but at the moment, the man was as useless as he looked, gaping at her with an open mouth and dollar-sized eyes. Then Forbes blindly decided to take action. He walked around the long, rectangular table, ignoring the perplexed stares of the subordinate officers, and signaled for Charlie to do the same. The two friends met in the middle, and a loaded, comprehending look passed them in a wordless plan, and they reached out to lift Alex off of the bench, one man per arm. She stared at them with a scowl, surprised and confused, as they dragged her outside. Once there, Forbes propped her up against a wall and stared at her. She stared right back. And somehow Forbes understood. He knew enough about women to understand what was going on here. He kept the symptoms in check, even though he was no Andrews. Pale, yes. Irritated, most definitely. Abdominal pain, well, he wasn't going to ask her that ; but it was quiet obvious by the way she clutched her stomach, and Forbes pitied her, despite the fact that the tips of his ears were glowing a bright red. He immediately changed the subject that they did not even begin to talk about, and he noticed her mouth a thank you as he turned away from her to face Charlie, who looked like he understood as well, and both men were swiftly at her side again, supporting her by the elbows, and leading her away from the cafeteria. Again, she was confused. \"Where are you taking me?\" She asked, giving him no choice but to bring the subject back and talk about it. \"Back to the barracks, if anyone bothers you, tell them I ordered you to stay there.\" He looked at her and grinned. \"You really do look terrible, and I'm sure you need all the rest we have to offer.\" She leaned heavily against there arms as they all but dragged her through the rain. \"Thanks guys.\" Forbes smiled, pleased with himself. But Charlie was not smiling, he was wincing as the icy rain stung his face, and he pulled his hat lower over his eyes. \"What's the matter, Charlie?\" Forbes teased light-heartedly. \"A brave man likes to feel the nature on his face.\" That earned a jesting grin from Charlie. \"And a wise man has enough sense to get out of the rain.\" Forbes roared from laughter, that was an excellent comeback, and Charlie chuckled softly, and for the first time, Alex laughed as well. I climbed into bed with a small smile, watching them exit the building and leave me alone in the entire barracks. Well, alone except for probably Robert, who's curtain-covered room was glowing a bright gold from the flickering firelight, like a beacon in this dark and rainy world. The boys told me to rest, and I figure they know about my 'condition' and told me to rest, promising to come back to check on me and bring food, later. I love my friends. With a yawn, I fell asleep. The moment Robert stepped out of his room, rubbing his tired eyes from writing letters since early morning, he was shocked. Of course, everything seemed in place, the double rows of bunk beds were made and the blankets smoothed out without the tiniest of wrinkles. The rain pounded on the tin roof, and the gloomy-grey darkness of the day gave the entire barracks a sedate, tranquil atmosphere, but it was broken when Robert's eyes landed on Miss Janeiro's bunk, still occupied. Robert was irritated, and more than a little peeved. He stormed to her side furiously, but leaving his anger out of his touch as he gently shook her awake. When her eyes finally opened, Robert noticed that she looked a little pale, and very tired, but the young colonel refused to give in, for this was the army, and things were to be taken toughly and seriously. She looked up at his angry expression and was near tears, which made him unwillingly soften up a bit. \"What the devil are you doing?\" He demanded softly, still feeling very male and insensitive. Her bottom lip wobbled and she looked like she would cry again, but she refused to wear her heart on her sleeve, and instead swallowed it, raising her chin in defiance. \"With all due respect, Sir, none of your business.\" Robert furrowed his brow. \"I'm very tempted to use my rank against you, Miss Janeiro.\" She snorted. \"Go ahead, it won't help you, not one bit.\" Robert closed his eyes and counted to ten, trying to calm his taut nerves. Everyone was irate today. \"Madam, as your commanding officer, I demand that answer this: Why are you not doing your duties at this hour, long after the wakeup call?\" She sat up in bed, pushing off and then standing completely on the ground. \"I told you, it's none-\" Suddenly, something not-so-odd happened, for Robert was used to women swooning and fainting, which proved again that Miss Janeiro was feminine. She clutched at her forehead, than her knees grew wobbly, and her eyes rolled in her head. They closed, and she collapsed. Robert had reflexes, and good ones. He reached out and snatched her up by the waist, seconds before her head hit the ground. He felt guilty and worried. Was it something he did? Why was she so pale? Robert lay her down gently on the bunk, leaving her for a moment as he sprinted off in the direction of his quarters, reaching in to grab his cloak off of the stand, and dashing back to her side. He covered the length of her with it, and picked her up again. Together, the conscious one of the two stepped out of the barracks and into the rain, hardly noticing the fact that he was coatless himself, and his white shirt was clinging to his dark-blue vest and arms in a matter of seconds. His soft, volumized brown hair, where it was not protected by his kepi, was smoothed by the pouring water from the skies. The raindrops bounced off of the shiny black bill of his hat and slid down his neck, and down his collar. His destination was Andrews' medical quarters, though it probably would have been a smarter idea to just bring him to the barracks. I opened my eyes, and waited for my blurry vision to unfog and adjust back to the normal clear view. I remembered arguing with Robert, refusing to tell him of my dilemma, for I was embarrassed, and the way he looked at me made me feel so low and dirty that he provoked me to treat him like dirt too. Or maybe it was a dream? It was very strange for me to pass out, I've never done that before, but perhaps it was low blood pressure, I'm not sure what. I can vaguely hear voices, give me a minute. \"Symptoms suggest that Miss Janeiro is suffering from a feminine cycle that will pass in a few days…\" Blah blah blah. My face is heating up, and I could recognize Andrews' nasal James-Norrington voice anywhere. I turn my head soundlessly, and notice that I am wrapped from head to toe in a thick, dark grey woolen blanket. It's scratchy but it's very warm, and there is a warm, old fashioned heating pad filled willed to the brim with hot water, resting against my stomach. I moved it down to my lower abdomen, and curled up in a ball, trying to stay awake to see who he was talking to. Of course, it had to be Robert. Who else could it be? His brow is furrowed, and he is rocking anxiously back and forth on his heels. He opens his mouth and says something. Andrews' replies. \"Yes, she should come to any minute now.\" Did he really just fall for my pathetic excuse for acting? Yes he did. Robert nodded, as I continued to watch them through my eyelashes. I can hear his soft voice now. \"Let her rest then, she deserves it.\" I'm touched to the core, I would say more, but it hurts to even think. I close my eyes sharply, completely, as I hear his booted footsteps thunk on the wooden floor as he crosses the room. I can feel his presence by my bedside. I feel him watching me, and I can hear his slow breathing and smell the leathery, masculine scent of his clothes. I feel the blanket move, he's touching it. He drags it up, covering me more, stopping when it was under my chin. His hand accidently brushes against my skin, and his touch feels like somebody dragged an ice cube across my face on a hot summer's day. Then I hear his footsteps retreat as he walked away. All day, people keep walking into the barracks, much to Andrews's dismay, to check up on me. Soldiers and officers, both black and white, stop by to ask me if I'm alright. It's so sweet, I'm so touched that I feel like crying 'happy tears.' The white guys were no surprise, it was really shocking when Thomas stopped by, Jupiter, both of Trips' goons, Rawlins, and Trip himself! I was so shocked I could only stare at them. Even guys that I didn't know, including one that looks so much like Will Smith it's crazy, dropped in to say hello, until Andrews, the killjoy, ordered them out. Each and every one of them called me 'Rio.' Except for Rawlins and Thomas. I was confused. Why 'Rio?' Why are they calling me Rio? Is that not strange? It was only when Trip came by did I have a chance to find out. \"Trip, why is everybody calling me Rio?\" He grinned in that malicious, cocky way that made most people want to wipe it off his face with their fist. \"That's yo name, now, Girl!\" Was all he said. Then, I got it, I totally understood it and I could not stop grinning. The men gave out nicknames only to those who were accepted. I was accepted in to their little (seven-hundred people) circle of dudes. I was no longer 'that White Girl' anymore. I was Rio. Ever since Trip said sorry (heck, even Darth Vader had his moments) he kept his promise not to bug me anymore, and even made me a comrade. I realize I must sound like a squealing fan girl, but this is too cool! It really brightened up my day. Rio. It has a nice ring to it, eh? Sadly, it took me a few hours to realize that by 'Rio' they are referring to my last name, and the beautiful city of Rio de Janeiro. Pretty cool, huh? Sorry about the choppy-ness to that. I was trying to write something BAM! But I am so sleep deprived it's not even funny anymore. :) BTW, to those of you who aren't avid BTTF freaks like me, Jennifer is Marty's girlfriend in the movie. Review please, and those of you with Glory stories, update, por favor.[Chapter 37] Hey guys! I'm so sorry for the uber long wait, I have no excuse to offer you, other than the usual: homework, writers block, and…well…homework. Thank goodness for spring break, up at Santa Cruz, California. My brother is teaching me how to surf. Soul Surfer, ha! It's not as easy as it looks. :( HeartlessVampireGir l: Lol I know right, talk about 'awkward' on a whole different level. IceDragonHikari : Lol, thank you! Don't mention it, if you ever want another one drop me a line! dress4m : Thank you so much! :D Beagle Bug : Thank you, but she actually DOES exist and we might run into Annie in the future...er...or the past. :D YaRisVamp : Most definitely the wrong time lol. Actually, Victoria is a beautiful name, as a kid I was jealous because it means victory. Mine has several meanings, one is reflection of the sun, another is light, and yet another is sound of rain or something like that. Sadly, nothing brilliant or heroic. Oh, what's in a name? Lol CarminaxBuranax : Thank you so much. I hope you break a leg in drama club. (Though please, my friend, not literally, it is not fun, a big hospital bill, and an even bigger owie.) By the way thanks for the review reply thing, PMs and reviews are my crack. Lol about the youtube thing. BK Love-ah : Haha, thanks, I don't know myself, it might be, Roberts a pretty difficult person to put through words, such a complicated guy. :) Samantha Story : I am dieing to get to the war part, it's going to be so fun to write. Lol I am reallu excited, but if Alex doesn't get to fight, that's an advantage, it means she gets to live. :) otose : Arrgh, I hate it when I gey PMS, I become such a man-hater, lol, the war has got nothin' on me. ;D lol The Silverhand Alcheimist : Lol, thank you! Don't worry, my fellow MJ fan, I'll squeeze him in there for you. :) I'm in the process of making a youtube video for Glory using the song: They don't care about us. Maybe you'd like to see it when I'm done. smartyjonescrzy : Speaking of your week-long horeshows, I got to go horesback riding on Tuesday on a Santa Cruz beach where my family is currently on spring break. The guy said that I did a pretty impressive job for an amatuer, and was even more impressed when I could tell them where the pommel was (thanks to your horse expertise) Smarty, you'd be so proud of me ;) Btw, I can't believe I forgot to put in iBuprofen, which is like every girl's best friend once a month. (Sighs dramatically) ugh. Oh yes, I made Alex a little slow for the Rio uptake so that audiences who somewhat resemble her mind could understand that I was talking about the wonderful city of Rio de Janeiro. :D moony1981 : Thank you! lol, Rhett Butler forever! Kendricks adjusted his round, gold reading spectacles...which he hated, and squinted at a sheet of yellowed parchment paper that he had received several days ago from the seventh Massachusetts infantry, sent by their captain-surgeon asking for new medical supplies. Kendricks dropped the slip of paper and removed his small glasses and rubbed his tired eyes, squinting again. It has been a long rainy day, twilight was settling over the land, and he was still here . Though he was calm, the large quartermaster was still a bit weary from the sudden 'attack' of last week by that blasted colonel. His shelves were still lying in pieces on the floor. Blast it all! Kendricks folded the lackluster dispatch and dropped his quill plume back into the ink well. It landed in the stringy black dew with loud plop! that echoed throughout the empty storehouse. The rain continued to drum rhythmatically against the tin roof, and all seemed calm and serene. Only it wasn't. There was a loud knock on the door, and much to Kendricks' boundless irritation, the door was pushed open without him calling out a welcome. A tall form stood silhouetted in the doorway, his face hidden in shadow. Kendricks stiffened, his hand snaking underneath his desk, searching for his revolver. The war left many penniless deserters, and he had heard of scavenger raids all across the state. He did not want to fall victim. The mysterious man in the doorway noticed his trigger-happy uneasiness, and his posture was immediately alert. The artfully built, broad-shouldered, slim-wasted man took one long, graceful stride into the center of the room, allowing the fire glow to bathe his face in yellow light. Serious brown eyes narrowed beneath the black visor of his navy Union kepi, and the quartermaster inhaled sharply. Recognition flooded into his mind at a galloping speed, slamming hardly into the front skull wall of his forehead. He pulled on his collar-it suddenly seemed too tight-and fidgeted in his seat like a dunced school boy. Reluctantly, he released the handle of the revolver. \"Colonel, what can I do for you?\" A dark, quiver of Shaw's lips lead to something resembling a smirk blended with a sneer; but with the swift passing of a short moment, it was expertly erased and substituted with a nonchalant, professional, stare. \"We need uniforms, Kendricks.\" The young man looked almost amused as he said this. \"I'm sure you won't object.\" \"Forbes! Forbes.\" Forbes raised a slow, leisurely eyebrow at his frantic friend, lowering his coffee cup and gazing calmly at Charlie's stupefied expression. \"What is it now?\" He asked, not in annoyance. Charlie seemed to fidget a little. \"Well, Sir, Alex…\" Ah yes, Alex , why bother asking? The very name was a woeful curse. \"Well, she's…she's…\" Charlie was uncomfortable as he struggled for words. \"She's acting…er… crazy …sir.\" He spoke the word as if it was vile and tasted bitter in his mouth. Forbes was unmoved, nothing out of the ordinary. \"Crazy like Alex or crazy like a normal human being?\" Charlie's expression drooped as he tried to pretend that wasn't amusing. \"Crazy like a normal one, Sir.\" He replied flatly Stop calling me 'Sir', dammit. \"What the devil did she do now?\" \"We're not quite sure, Forbes, she was assisting Lieutenant Andrews and in the next moment was hollering and screaming bloody murder.\" Charlie looked panicked, again. \"I'm not proud to admit this, but I'd rather not cross paths with her.\" Forbes's sudden laugh-snort was so sharp it stung his nose. \"Fine, Captain. Be a man, Char, let's go see.\" \"It's right there!\" I pointed to it, widening my eyes. \"Andrews, do you not get me? It's right there!\" The guy had to be blind. How could he not see that? It was two feet in front of him and as big as my face. He was getting seriously irate, I could tell. \"I'm sorry, Miss Janeiro.\" He didn't sound sorry, he sounded pissed. \"I really don't comprehend!\" Drop the big words buddy, this is a matter of life and death, not Language Arts. \"Really, it's right there!\" You can't miss it, it looks like Godzilla. \"Where the devil is that Alex?\" Forbes came charging in, his eyes leveled into 'ready-to-fight-Superman' mode. My hero. I froze in my odd position that I'll tell you about in just a sec, as he entered the clinic room. He stopped short when he saw me, his eyes widening along with mine as they took in the length of me, frowning and widening repeatedly as they checked me and my situation out. I bit my bottom lip super hard. Now I realize how utterly queer I looked. Sadly, it was all because of a damned cricket. I am terrified of crickets. I would so go for Antietam rather than pick up and hold a stupid cricket any day. I wasn't even bothering anybody this time, promise. I was just minding my own business, until all of a sudden I see something huge and black hop around the room. I begin to panic, and I scream like a banshee when the thing bounces closer and lands right on the rubber toe of my un-civil-war-ish Converse. I kicked and scrambled past Andrews, knocking him down in my search for refuge. Quickly, quickly, it's coming to get me! Faster, you stupid little girl, faster! My fear yelled at me and my head spun as I searched around the room for something high off the ground. I found it. There were wooden crates stacked up about six feet off the ground, one on top of the other, sticking out in odd angles and directions. I have no idea how I reached the top. Been here ever since. I sniffed indignantly, and pointed at a large black spot by Forbes's shoe. \"Cricket.\" Forbes looked down. Then, slowly, he raised his face back to look up at me. He stared at me before speaking for a long, long, long…long…long ...long , long-long time. Then he opened his mouth, and laughter piled out. He laughed so hard that he had to sit down. Big laugher, aren't you Forbes? It annoyed me. I was on the last day of my voyage aboard the PMS Mother Nature, and I still had the feminism left in me. \"Stop laughing! Shut up! It's not funny! Kill it!\" I screeched, leaning dangerously close to the edge of falling off of the boxes. Forbes looked at me and laughed some more. Charlie, however, stepped in on my behalf. With the use of his gloved hands, he picked the cricket up-that is so disgusting-and disappeared out the door way. After a few short moments, he was back, empty handed. Thank you, dear knight. I guess it was safe to come down now. One minor problem. I peered over the edge. \"Err…guys? How do I get down?\" It was easier to get up than down, I was almost eight feet off of the ground, and I had no leverage to support my descend. Forbes sobered, rubbing his eyes with his fingertips and peering at me through them. \"How did you get up ?\" He retorted. I bit my lip, reddening slightly. \"The cricket was roaring!\" I exclaimed. \"It was practically drooling at me. Charlie, did you see its fangs?\" Charlie's smile reflected my own. Forbes however, continued to stare at me, leaning against a wall and scrutinizing my every moment, like he was trying to be Sherlock Holmes or whatever. Suddenly, he pushed off the wall and staggered towards me. He spread out his arms. \"Jump.\" He ordered. \"You're kidding? Right?\" I hoped. His proposition was easier said than done. \"Do it.\" He ordered, flatly. \"No.\" He sighed loudly, dropping his arms. \"Come on, I'm rescuing you, I'm not proposing marriage !\" \"Dream on, Forbes, you can't make me jump.\" I vowed. Forbes turned away. \"Fine. I hope you like the view from up there, Alex.\" That was it. That really made me mad for some reason. \"You are a jerk, Forbes! You're lucky I can't reach you otherwise I'd be on you like a cheap suit!\" I love Danny DeVitto. Forbes grinned. \"Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned.\" I reached up to my head and threw my cap at him. It hit him in the eye. He laughed again. \"Then be a big girl; climb down.\" I can't. I'm scared. I narrowed my eyes. \"You want me to do the impossible, and you want me to do it alone ?\" Forbes turned to Charlie. \"Regardez, mainenant que j'ai fait folle.\" The big bully started speaking French, and instead of being utterly clueless like me, Charlie was comprende-ing. (A/N It means: Look, now I pissed her off.) Charlie arched an eyebrow, and then smiled. \"Avez-vous une idée de comment nous devons la chercher vers le bas?\" (A/N Do you have any idea how to get her down?) Listen, fellas. I only speak two languages. English and bad English. Why the French connection were they doing this to me? Were they trying to piss me off? Guaranteed. Forbes, maybe. But Charlie? Suddenly, the crates began to wobble; I was subconsciously pushing at the wall in anger. Oh hell no. Oh yes. I screamed as one by one, the crates came toppling down to the ground. I closed my eyes securely, gripping the crate that I was sitting on tightly until my fingers hurt, bracing myself for the hard ground. The two seconds of free fall were terrifying. I could not breathe. I stopped screaming, for that was too hard to do. Then, bam! Face, meet smelly, blood-stained floor. The first few seconds were horribly, terrifyingly, sickening. It was the worst feeling in the world, having the wind knocked out of you. The terrible seconds passed and I felt the oxygen return to my lungs. I breathed deeply, restored. I kept my eyes closed, simply thrilled to still be alive. See, the cricket did try to kill me. Now Forbes, somehow, I told you so, just didn't quiet say it. \"Miss Janeiro, are you all right?\" There is no way my luck is that bad . I could recognize that gently-frantic voice anywhere. Very superstitious…writing on the walls…seven years of bad luck…bull droppings. I have enough bad luck for two centuries. I forced myself to open my eyes, coming to level with a pair of muddy, scruffy black leather boots. One boot tapped the floor, slowly up and down; didn't take a genius to figure out that they were just a tad bit impatient. I looked up slowly. Of course it was Robert. Who else would it be, eh Alex? And of course he would be impatient, you know Robert…places to go…things to do…people to harass…we know the ritual, your royal hotness. To my surprise, his face was positively calm, not at all angry, as I thought it would be. It was smooth, the usual in-chargeness, and to my utter FML, not at all surprised with my latest episode. I grinned at him…why? Ladies and gentlemen, we've long ago established the unshakeable fact that I. Am. An. Idiot. When I die (by the rate things are going that might be next month) they'll have that line engraved on my tombstone, along with: Here lies Rio, she acquired a personality, and it killed her. My Cheshire Cat grin loosened up a few notches, and it remained the polite, I-have-no-idea-what-you-want-so-just-please-go-away smile that non-English speaking natives wore when you, the Yankee gringo, vacationed in their country and asked them where the subway was. Robert vaulted an attractive brown eyebrow in a way that made him look a little se… yes, I am also a pervert. He bent his slim-waisted body and extended an open hand to me. I continued to demonstrate my abnormal surplus of brilliance by going: \"Ugg.\" He was gentleman enough to ignore it. He reached for my hand on his own and pulled me up sharply, that I had to cling to him for a moment like an ill-minded harpy until I could find my footing. He led me to the medical bunk bed and I was still clinging to him when I realized that Forbes was laughing at me. Like, really hard. Why is it that I am his main source of entertainment? I bet David Letterman did not make people laugh in a whole night as I did in ten minutes. \"Alex.\" He murmured, wiping imaginary tears away from his eyes. \"You are living proof that it is better to be lucky than smart.\" He grinned. \"I can't believe you did not break any bones.\" My middle finger is having a rather nasty itch coming on. Robert watched him, unamused, and following his example I literally wiped off my smile with my sleeve and scowled at him. \"Captain, Major, I'll speak with you both outside.\" Oh, I see how it is… The three men stepped outside for a few minutes, and I was trying to eavesdrop but couldn't hear a thing, so I gave up and waited for the guys to come back. Robert did not, but Forbes and Charlie stepped back in. I pounced. \"Wazzup?\" Forbes turned abruptly to Charlie. \"Was that English?\" His face crossed in a frown and a smirk. Bad English, honey. I rolled my eyes and sighed good-naturedly. \"What did he say?\" Charlie replied first. \"He wanted to know how you ended up being sprawled on the floor.\" Really, Robert only shows up at my darkest moments. I was instantly alert. \"What did you tell him?\" Judging by Forbes's smirk, nothing flattering. \"The truth.\" Says he. \"That you saw a cricket and…\" \"Nooooo…\" I moaned. Forbes stopped midsentence. \"What's wrong with her?\" \"Forbes!\" I complained dramatically. \"All you had to do was look him in the eye and lie !\" That smirk again. Honestly, all this drama over a damned cricket… Forbes pulled out his pocket watch, suddenly forgetting about me. He frowned. \"As much as I hate to go, I must. I have to organize the distribution of pay rolls to the camp.\" He looked up and guess what? He smirked again. \"Parting is such sweet sorrow.\" \"Adios.\" \"Shoulder arms!\" Even though Robert stood beside the sinister Sergeant Mulcahy, the situation would have been no more different if he stood alone. The man was not much for conversation, which was no surprise, but he was so unusually silent that Robert started to wonder if he was in health, judging by the normal volumes of the drill sergeant, especially during marches. Robert felt slightly uneasy today, again, no surprise; but to him it seemed as if the entire world was on edge, waiting in barely-mustered silence, ready to crumble and tumble right on top of him, burying him with its worldly hardships. But truth be told, Robert was expecting it; he had too much good luck lately, anyway. It was like the universal dam that was holding back his victories was broken down and triumph rushed through its gates. Robert smiled softly to himself, casting meaningful stare down at the well-tailored indigo dress pants of his navy suit. Ah, the uniforms, he could cackle with glee like a small child over a shiny new toy. Attaining the uniforms was his latest victory, and a surprisingly easy one. He and the quartermaster were becoming good friends, Robert though with an amused smirk, thanks to how often he...er... visited the poor man. Robert's thoughts were stolen by the intruder of sound, who diverted Robert's attention to his right, where the heavy crunch of boot-steps on gravel demanded his solace. He was surprised that he had heard such a symphonic detail, given the fact that the shouting officers and chattering privates were causing so much noise in trying to arrange each other in an orderly fashion. Forbes was approaching him with confidence, but his face was twisted with an expression of hesitation. Robert stiffened immediately, his posture erect and his jaw set in preparation for another inevitable battle. His usually expressive eyes were void of emotion. The major paused a yard away from him, saluting distractedly. He stretched out a hand that was clutching a yellowed envelope fashioned out of parchment paper. \"From the War Department.\" He spoke shortly, damning the pleasantries. Robert accepted it with silence, frowning out his disapproval towards it. Gracefully pulling the envelope open, he reaches in and after producing the folded sheet, scans it quietly. He can feel both Forbes's patient stare and Mulcahy's scrutinizing gaze. Just what he predicted would happen; Robert was already suffocating. Forbes looks to him in naive hope, perfectly aware that the answer is no. \"Can anything be done?\" Robert's eyes sweep over his frazzled group of soldiers. \"They've got families.\" Forbes sighs, accepting the 'round robin' back in to his own hands. \"I know.\" Robert knows as well. \"We'll protest this through channels...later on.\" He assured his friend, turning away to examine the crowd once more. On his way to the stairs of the wooden podium behind him, he nods towards Mulcahy. \"Attention, battalion.\" The Irishman becomes alive again. \"Yes, sir.\" He barks at the crowd as Robert vaults up the short set of stairs. \"ATTENTION BATTALLION!\" They are silenced in a matter of obedient seconds. Robert pauses as he opened his mouth. Public speaking was becoming a much more agreeable task for him. Rawlins stood calmly to the right end of the roll call rows. Each man held his own shiny new musket, clutching them tightly to their chests as if fearing someone might take them away. All were chattering loudly, shouting over each other, each man wanting to inject his two cents into the conversation. Rawlins stayed out of it, obviously old enough not to meddle in the childish affairs of grown men. Instead, he observed the podium straight ahead, and beneath it where a group of Union-clad officers stood. His attention was mostly captured by the young colonel, frowning over a piece of paper. Beside him stood the blonde major, appearing none too overjoyed as well. Rawlins was no fool, and it did not take a Great Thinker to realize that the officers were distraught over evil tidings. The colonel lifted his head, handing the major the degrading slip of paper and scanning the crowd. He turned back sharply and said something his blonde comrade. With a turn of his body, he issued a command towards that Irishman gliding past him and bounding up the stairs of the podium. Mulcahy, however, shouted out an attention to the men, and like magic, their quarrels were silenced. The colonel waited patiently until he was sure that he held their maximum attention, then he began to speak. \"You men enlisted in this regiment...\" He licked his lips and paused, \"...on the understanding...\" He paused yet again, as if ashamed of what he was forced to say. \"That you would be paid the regular army wage of thirteen dollars a month.\" The boy seemed to look each and every one of them square in the eye. The soldiers grinned up at his solemn expression, but Rawlins was not as naive, he could feel where this was going. The young man continued. \"This morning I have been notified that because you are a colored regiment, you will be paid ten dollars a month.\" He looked helpless, as if he was sorry but there was nothing he could do about it. Slowly, it had begun to sink in. \"That ain't fair.\" Rawlins murmured quietly. Jupiter, beside him, rounded his eyes in disbelief, appearing like someone had slammed him across the cheek. \"They said-\" \"Regiment!\" Shaw shouted, regaining their attention. \"Fall out by company to receive pay.\" Jupiter obediently stepped forward towards the table, as well as a load of other men. Rawlins followed them with a wounded pride, knowing that they did not like it anymore than he did, but had families to feed. He approached the table in silence, drawing out his neatly folded pay check. He waited patiently until he had reached his turn, set the slip of paper on the table, and leaned forward. \"Hey! Come on, now! W-where's your pride?\" He heard Trip call out to him. Rawlins ignored him, the boy was always starting problems. The man, not an officer of the regiment, spoke in boredom through his teeth. \"Make your mark right here.\" \"I can write my name.\" He told one of the quartermaster's agents. The man looked up at him, annoyed, not wanting a play-by-play, the black feather of his hat flying into his pasty face. \"Then do it.\" He snapped. Rawlins woke up at that moment, and with a sudden burst of pride he dropped the quill pen back on the man's desk. Rawlins stared him down, but the man was apparently much too disinterested to give him a double-take. Rawlins turned away, fuming silently and utterly insulted. They can keep their ten dollars, he would make do without them, besides, his pride would not allow him to accept it anyway. Trip was a slave to his pride, and he did not like this one bit. He glared up at the colonel, though he knew it was not his fault, he still wanted to blame him. Anger fusing with adrenaline pulsed through every vein underneath his hard, flexing muscles. He clenched his teeth and his eyes flashed with the pounding of his heart as he caught sight of the field hand. Trip was on his case like a duck on a junebug. \"Where you going, boy?\" He demanded, grabbing him by the collar of his shirt. Jupiter shrugged him off. \"To g-get p-paid.\" There was a stutter, but there was also confidence in his tone. 'Ten dollar a lot of money.\" Trip licked his lips and tried to stare him down, but it was useless, the boy's mind was made up. He scanned the crowd for some other supporter. Instead, they were disappointed to land on the old man, who was also heading in line. Trip blinked, feeling like he was just punched in the gut. \"Hey, pop, you fitting to lay down for this too?\" He cried in disbelief when he sprinted towards him. The old man ignored him. No. No. No. \"Fall in!\" Trip felt like he had to do something, and do it fast. They were all hypnotized by it, and he wanted to pull them out. Couldn't they see what they were doing? Uncle Sam was pissing on them without even the courtesy of calling it rain. Colored regiment, ha! They could fight as well as a white soldier, if not better, and they were too stubborn to see that. What made whites so God damn better? Some people were starting to listen. \"They gonna give us but ten?\" One man roared and Trip almost grinned. He worked harder for more people to 'see the light.' \"You gonna go for that!\" He shouted into the air, letting it settle into the ears of his comrades. \"A colored soldier can stop a bullet just as good as a white one!\" He bellowed. \"And for less money too !\" Men were nodding heads in agreement, thinking twice as they stared at their paychecks. Trip waved his in the air like a flag. \"Yeah! Uncle Abe got hisself a real bargain hyah!\" He turned to one of his comrades, Jones, a man who always agreed with everything he said. \"What you say, boy?\" \"That's right, slaves !\" Jones bellowed, crumpling up the small paper in his meaty brown fist. \"Make your mark, get your slave wages!\" Trip's face flushed in excitement. He was getting through to them. \"All you good colored boys sign up!\" He felt better when he saw the field hand frown down at his pay check. Jupiter clutched it with both hands, looking like he had a civil war raging on inside him as well. With a sigh, he did something Trip would have never expected from him, and it earned the boy Trip's extremely-hard-to-get-respect. He clutched both ends of the paper, and with a liquid movement, tore it in half. Trip grinned. \"That's right! Tear it up!\" \"TEAR IT UP!\" I watched Trip in an open-mouthed, awed silence. I began to respect and admire him more now than ever before. Ladies and gentlemen, that's leadership. Robert stared at the crowd in silence, squinting at the brown, irate faces through the blinding sunlight that shone into his face. His hands were clasped behind his back, his feet planted shoulder-width apart. Restlessly, his eyes jumped from the rest of the crowd to the one rogue private, recognizing him as the one he had whipped. The colonel admired his leadership and courage. But the crowd was getting out of hand. He needed to stop it from becoming a riot; it had already slipped from its orderly militia rows into an angry mob pit. The blue-clad officers stood off to the side, open-mouthed and at a loss of what to do. Their shiny brass buttons reflected the sunlight and also blinded Robert's vision, another problem. Attention, men, attention! He was left with no choice. Pulling out his powerful Colt Revolver out of its holster that was stationed at his hip, Robert paused to admire the sun glint off of the intricately carved handle. It was a beautiful weapon, but once one thought of what it was meant for, the gun loses its beauty and becomes something utterly macabre. He raised it into the air… ….and fired. Silence so issued, one that was so eerie, Robert was immobilized for a moment. The weapon's horrendously loud bang had filled his ears and jumped off of his eardrums, ringing and ringing and ringing. Was it possible for silence to be so obnoxiously loud? The troops stared at him, open mouthed, no one was breathing, everyone was waiting for his word. Robert twirled the gun on his finger, and gracefully landed it back in its holster. I hate to bring my feminine, young adult hormones here, but as I watched Robert do that-Clint-Eastwood-cowboy-outside-of-a-saloon-gun-flip-oh-I-can-beat-you-at-a-duel-any-day-pistols-at-dawn thing….well….he looked HOT. Now Robert felt just a tad bit nervous. For a few seconds, he was a boy again, fearful of the world and hardly away from clinging to his mother's skirts, but as those few seconds past, he was a brave young man again, with shoulders that were strong enough to support the weight of the world, a mind calculating and alert, and a heart that was deep and sincere. He looked his men square in the eye, and hoped that what he was about to do would show them that he truly cared. \"If you men will take no pay…\" He started off gravely, raising his own, handsome, paycheck into the air. \"Then none of us will!\" Simultaneously, he ripped his own in half, tearing it apart like the North and South. A satisfying ripping noise echoed in the air. It paled in comparison, however, to the loud, victorious cheer that Robert received from the Fifty-Fourth Massachusetts. It was a great honor. It's me again, I screamed and cheered for him as well, he was being treated like a rock star before screaming fans. I was really proud of Rob, somehow I know that that takes guts, but it was a noble thing to do. I grinned up at him, and even though he could not see me, I blew him a huge kiss from the heart using both of my hands. You know this colonel thing is hard, you can't just say 'Go Go Gadget' and be done with it. Jupiter stared up at the man in awe, before exploding into a cheer as well. Muskets and hats were raised in honor of the greatest white man who ever lived, and Jupiter could feel that there was a sort of bond, a connection, a pact made between him and the entire regiment, and the men were swept with a force of camaraderie that Jupiter had never seen before. He raised his own musket to the colonel's honor. \"Let's hear it for the colonel!\" Jupiter heard Rawlins shout, along with repeated 'hoorays' from the rest of the men. Rio shouted as well, and Jupiter was sure that only he saw the kiss that she blew to the colonel. In truth, he was mighty disappointed that the grinning colonel who was squinting from the glare of the noon sun, did not see it. He shouted along with Trip, who stood beside him, victorious and grinning. Comrades. All done! Review please while I go to bed. All day in the sun really does fry your brain cells. ;p[Chapter 38] *Slowly inches on stage, dodging a few rotten tomatoes. Lifts up smartyjonescrzy's borrowed 'Bag of Shame' over head. Taps mic and smiles nervously at the crowd* Hello, Ladies and gentlemen. The prodigal author has returned! Hehe...*feels awkward after getting no chuckling response from annoyed audience* All jokes aside, guys, I'm so sorry for taking for EVER to do this chapter. Please accept my most deepest, sincerist apology from the blackest part of my heart. :) Blame it on my teachers. I think that they were all conspiring against me and trying to give me as much homework as possible. But good news is...straight A's! And even better, it's SUMMER! Wooo! So, at least I'll be updating sooner. :) *bows and scurries off the stage before anyone else can throw another tomatoe* Dress4m : Thank you! IceDragonHikari : Thank you. If I had my way, bugs would be extinct. :) But, I did not memorize the movie all the way, :( , I watch it every week. :) CarminaXBuranaX : Thanks, haha, I love making people laugh. And bees ARE scary. :D Anonymous : Thank you! Yes, that scene was greatly delivered in the movie, I agree. The Silverhand Alchemist : Thank you! I'll see what I can do. HeartlessVampireGirl : Thank you, unfortunately, that was how I used to react to crickets, lol. Beagle Bug : I know I promised Annie, :) she is in the next chapter which I already started typing. :) BK Love-ah : Haha, I totally hate spiders, the worst is when you find one in the shower. Ewww. It's like arachnus deathicus…lol. Otose : I know right! Ugh…spiders…no me gusta. :) YarisVamp : You crack me up! Lol about the cricket on steroids thing. And yay for Romeo and Juliet! LittleMackey : I will, thanks! Smartyjonescrzy : No smarty, it's my turn to wear the bag of shame, hand it over. :) I've been such a terrible person, it's been like…a month? Congratulations on graduation girl! Any idea about college yet? Ugh, I still have one more bloody year left! I hate AP classes. :) Speaking of spiders in the showers, I found one last night, after the horribly terrifying experience, I'm debating on whether or not to live without showers. *Shudders* Scariest moment of my life. :) Hannah : Thank you. I wonder how Robert would feel in the movie if he DID see her blow him that kiss? Hmmm…. :) Austin830 : Thank you! That means a lot! HoneyBee4Eva : Thank you so much for the review! It's much appreciated and I love getting new readers! :) Kiralol101 : Thank you for the review, it totally made my night when I read it. I'm glad it made you laugh, I love it when that happens. And I'm sorry for not updating sooner. Wolfpirate13 : Thank you so much for the review! I'm so glad that you liked it and I will definitely continue this. Don't worry, lol, ramblers are much appreciated by me! :) SamanthaStory : Thanks! I have this whole story planned out already, so don't give up hope just yet! :) NoNameReviewer : Thank you! That makes two of us about fanfiction, lol. And I will definitely try to update sooner. :) Animegirl1220 : Thank you so much! I definitely will continue! :) Anonymous : Wow, twice! I can't tell you how flattered I am. :) Thank you so much! BreeilnaBane N The Apprentice : Thank you so much, this means a lot. I am so appreciative to you for the review. Thank you! Robert was feeling generally good about his life right now, despite the fact that the men had been lowered in pay; he was glad that it ended so well, without a mutinous riot on his hands. He reclined lazily in his chair behind a dull maple desk, staring up at the ceiling. More often than not, Shaw felt exhausted, but today, things were a bit different. True, he was still weary, but in a different, better way, like he had actually accomplished something worth accomplishing, and the effort had wiped him out. He smiled softly to himself. The uniforms were delivered several hours before, and he would present them to the regiment during the twilight roll call. Robert was glad that he had visited the quartermaster again; more civil this time than the last, for he vowed that no one ever again should underestimate the things that he could do. He was not a shy, fearful little boy, but a grown man that had the power to stand up for something he believed in. In turn, he believed that if he continued to do so, his men would start to trust him, and he so craved their trust. Forbes entered his quarters at that very moment like he bloody owned the place, as he did every time he decided to grace Robert with his honorable presence. But the colonel did not feel like yelling at him for not knocking or asking permission or just treating him like his commanding officer, frankly, he was in too much of a good mood to care. Forbes paused right in front of his desk, planting his feet shoulder-width apart. His face was grim to a fault as he thrust out a travel-worn envelope, his gloved hand quivering a bit as he waited for Robert to accept the message. Charlie followed in behind him. Good Lord what now? Robert began to panic as he jerked up in his chair as if stung. He collected the envelope from Forbes, who in the most gruesome tone possible, murmured. \"You fell for that horrible acting, Colonel?\" Robert blinked, unable to comprehend. \" What? \" Forbes looked back at Charlie, and the two exchanged a loaded glance. They started laughing, well, at least Forbes did, and Charlie only chuckled for concern of pushing his friend's buttons too hard. The major forced himself to sober for a moment. \"Read it, Robert.\" Robert eyed him in distrust, but followed his advice. Easily snapping off the red wax seal which was engraved with the official stamp of the United States War Department, he released its hold on the envelope flap and turned it upside down, letting a thick sheet of hot-pressed paper slide into his open palm. He glanced at Forbes, who seemed almost giddy with excitement, and decided to punish him by deliberately taking ages to unfold the paper. However, the task didn't take as long as he would have hoped, and soon enough, Robert was forced to read it. March 4th 1863 To: Col. Robert Gould Shaw of the 54th Massachusetts Infantry. Boston-Readville, Massachusetts From: United States War Department: Secretary of War, Simon Cameron; Washington D.C Subject: Grant of Regimental relocation for the 54th Massachusetts Upon reading the subject, Robert leaned forward on his elbows in unbreakable interest, blocking out Charlie's presence and ignoring Forbes completely. Dear Sir, Upon your request for a location transfer of the 54th Massachusetts, the United States Department of War (U.S.D.W.) hereby agrees to grant your request to dispatch regiment southward to Beaufort, South Carolina. I regret to inform you, however, that U.S.D.W is unwilling at this time to grant your request of deployment to southern combat lines. The 54th regiment shall be transferred to the south on Tuesday June 9th, 1863. Your troops will remain stationed in South Carolina until further notice. U.S.D.W. would like to congratulate you on behalf of reaching the status of becoming an official Union regiment. Regards, Simon Cameron Secretary of War Washington D.C Robert lowered the paper slowly, and his friends doubted that they had ever seen a wider grin in their twenty-give-or-take years. Robert did not even dare to dream that his day could get any better. He regretted that he was not a child anymore, because he certainly felt the need to act like one, running about the place hollering, cheering, and laughing because he received a shiny new toy for his birthday. Though he was old enough to restrain himself, he was young enough to appreciate how hard he had fallen for Forbes' impressive talents of lying-and nearly scaring him to death-with the prank he pulled on him in the matter he delivered the letter. \"Forbes?\" Robert mocked with a grin. \"Hasn't your mother ever told you it isn't polite to try to fool others?\" Forbes made a big show of pretending to whisper to Charlie. \"Says he who fooled forty men and ladies with a ballroom cross-dressing act at seventeen.\" Robert grinned. \"I was able to fool you , Forbes.\" He retorted. Forbes smirked, but there was an indignant tone in his voice. \"Don't flatter yourself Robert. It was not difficult to see that you weren't a woman.\" A slow smile spread across the blonde's handsome features. \"You looked awful. Frankly macabre.\" It was Robert's turn to smirk. \"I was propositioned by three men!\" At a loss for a better reply, Forbes changed the subject back to the original. \"Even you have to admit, Robert, that that was a good joke.\" \"He who would pun would pick a pocket!\" Robert quoted, but in vain, for his retort only gained Forbes and Charlie fresh peals of laughter. Robert could not help but smile as well. It was unnecessary for the major to generate a comeback, however, as the bugle call sounded in announcement for supper. Robert stood up, stretching. \"Out! The both of you!\" Forbes raised his eyebrows in amusement, and Robert felt that somehow, he and his friends reconnected those fifteen minutes after being aloof and emotionally away from each other for several long weeks. After the two made no attempt to move, Robert made his voice overly commanding. \"Go! Go!\" His mouth pulling up at one corner. \"I shall see you both at twilight roll call.\" This time Forbes reacted, and he turned to the captain. \"Come, Charlie, Caesar has spoken.\" Robert chuckled as they both backed out. Jupiter patted his full stomach affectionately; glad to receive its third daily fill after long hours of drilling and camp chores. Though supper was not fit for a baron, it was enough for Jupiter, consisting of a small ration of beans, hard tack, and dried meat that tasted like it had been spending most of its life soaking in salty sea water. Jupiter never complained. He knew that it was better than what he was used to eating-after being released from his plantation home because the white folks couldn't afford to feed so many slaves anymore. He wouldn't mind another helping of dinner, to tell the truth. He was in 'A Company' which would naturally go before 'B Company', and all were previously in line waiting for twilight roll call to start-and-finish so that everybody could go about their business. Jupiter yawned, rubbing his eyes, waiting for his turn to be called. They were standing in front of the stage again, where they had stood that very morning during pay day, and the colonel was standing at the bottoms of the steps, rocking back and forth on his heals next to an officer juggling several large white sacks in his hands, \"Rawlins!\" The officer in charge of roll call shouted. \"Sir!\" The old man replied without skipping a beat. \"Searles!\" Obviously this was going in alphabetical order. The house nigger firmly replied, \"Sir!\" \"Sharts!\" Jupiter stiffened; the epitome of attention. \"S-sir!\" Ah, The Stutter , it was embarrassing, but it was unavoidable. He waited patiently for the rest to finish, and when the last name was called, he mentally sprang up, ready to leave. Unfortunately, they were ordered to remain stationary…whatever that means…but with a look around, told him to remain where he was. His mental energy went to sleep again, and he slouched his shoulders, the rest of his body still alert, as he squinted up at the powder-blue late-evening sky that was slowly being dotted with diamond stars. He looked back down, front and center. His eyes found Rio first, leaning against the stairs of the podium, appearing to be just as sleepy as he felt. He transitioned his gaze to the colonel, who caught his attention with movement. He was reaching for one of the cotton-white bundles, taking two off of the other man's hands with his own strong grip. Jupiter, through his fatigue, was slowly aware that the colonel was moving forward. Towards him . The young man paused less than a yard away from Jupiter, and all that the stunned private could do was blink in astonishment. The colonel, however stunned as well, was confident in his actions, though his face betrayed a look of acute shyness as he handed one of the bundles to Jupiter. Jupiter was relieved that he wasn't in trouble; and he slowly accepted the package from him, feeling like the whole world was watching. His fingers shook as he tried to undo the tight knot that held the package in place. Several times his clumsy digits slipped, and he flinched, remembering how angrily the colonel reacted several weeks ago when he used him as a demonstration for weapon training. This time, however, Shaw waited patiently, his eyes on the package that with a final, firm tug, was finally undone. Jupiter held his breath, pulling the white scraps of cotton away to reveal… …a blue suit. The blue suit. He could not have released his breath even if his life depended on it, and as the seconds crawled past for his oxygen-deprived body, eventually, it would become life-dependent. For a moment, the colonel and everybody else were forgotten. He trailed his fingertips over the shiny black buttons, the soft, cotton material, appreciating the brilliant, indigo shade of the deep, dark blue. He was overwhelmed with gratitude, for the Lord knew that there was nothing more-short of food-which Jupiter had been wanting. A slow, deliberate grin brightened up his features, and he raised his head to look at the colonel square in the eye. Shaw had been chewing on his bottom lip, waiting for a good or bad reaction that would come out of this. Jupiter gave him the best he had in him, and it was contagious. The colonel did not hesitate as he returned a tentative smile, and for the second time today, the young 'nigger-beatin'-white-boy' had proven his worth. One week later … \" Where does Alex sleep, again?\" Charlie grumbled, groggy from sleep deprivation, and none too excited to go back to the barracks. \"I can't see anything in the dark.\" He yawned. Forbes rolled his eyes, returning the contagious yawn. \"You still don't know where her bunk is?\" Charlie only blinked, dumbly. \"Just follow that atrocious snoring.\" Forbes tried, but to no avail. He tried to stare his friend down, and he was glad to succeed. \"Forget it. Don't bother, I'll go.\" If you want something done, make your friends do it. If you want something done right , you have to do it yourself. His personal philosophy. It was his job anyway, since Alex could not wake up to the bugle call to save her life. He stepped outside of the mess hall, into the dim light of the morning and crossed the small avenue between the cafeteria and the officer's barracks. He removed the flap of heavy cotton that served as a door out of his way and stepped inside of the dark, musty sleeping quarters. Only one form was still laying in a cot…Alex. Who bloody else? Forbes sighed, stomping over to her bunk. Since the regiment was official, they were to have their official 'march'-or whatever Robert said-to signify their existence. The entire Beacon Street had been preparing for their arrival, which was later this very morning. They were to camp outside of Boston for the few following days, then progress to South Carolina. Forbes was hardly excited, it meant less sleep, and by the looks of Alex's dreaming expression, it would not go well on her either. He clasped his hands behind his back and leaned over her. \"Forgive the disturbance, your majesty, but would you care to rise out of bed?\" She didn't even stir. Forbes blinked. \"Madam, I beg thee to indulge us with the opening of your lovely eyes.\" He smirked. Again, no reward for his efforts. He frowned. She was a lot easier at waking up usually; perhaps it was because of the bugle call that sounded almost two hours earlier than normal, depriving her of an extra two hours worth of sleep. The major shrugged, and being the brilliant strategist that he was, decided to change his tactics. Slowly reaching out to her, he put a hand on her shoulder and gently shook it. She grimaced in her sleep, and rolled away from him. He sighed and strolled around her cot to face her again. He shook her shoulder again, slightly harder. \"Miss Janeiro. Alex. Rio. Whatever you're calling yourself this week… arise !\" He ordered, in a tone that suggested he was preparing for battle. She muttered something about how Edward should just go die in a hole. Forbes arched an eyebrow. What on earth was a Cullen? He shook her as hard as he dared. This time , however, he received a reaction, but it was not one that he had expected. She opened her eyes slowly, as if in pain, and scowled as she raised his eyes to his. Suddenly, she paled, and her eyes rounded. She drew in a deep breath and screamed so loudly that Forbes' ears started to ring, drawing back a fist, she propelled it straight into his right eye. Forbes staggered back, clutching at the smarting part of his face and moaning. Suddenly, she sat up, and Forbes automatically shielded his other eye. She squinted in the dim light. \" Forbes?\" \"No, of course not, what makes you think that ?\" He hissed through his teeth, massaging his wounded eye in small circles. My hand flew up to cover my mouth. \"Forbes!' I exclaimed, wincing as if I was the one hit instead of him . \"I'm so sorry!\" He only nodded, refusing to look at me. \"Forbes, are you all right?\" I asked, genuinely concerned. I hopped off the bed and sprinted towards him. \"No, I'm not all right!\" He grunted, still clutching at his eye. Seriously, men can be such babies. I sighed. \"Let me look at it.\" I offered. He chose that moment to go all macho on me. \"Tis nothing, just a scratch.\" I rolled my eyes. Ha! And I thought I was bipolar! \"Fine.\" Be that way. I walked past him towards the exit. \"Is it time to go?\" \"I believe they're lining the up the men as we speak.\" He grunted, pulling out his pocket watch. \"The marching begins at ten o'clock on the dot, it's almost eight thirty.\" I nodded. \"And how long does it take to get to Boston…er…Beaker Street?\" \"Beacon Street.\" He corrected. \"About half-hour, maybe forty-five minutes.\" \"I see.\" We stepped out and into the light, making our way towards the cafeteria. I turned towards him to say something, but at the sight of what I saw made me drop it. I stared at him, shocked, open-mouthed. He frowned when he noticed me gaping. \"What?\" \"F-Forbes!\" I pointed at his eye. \"I gave you a bruise!\" Forbes' hand flew up to cover his eye. \"What?\" He repeated. \"How?\" But it was there. It was a shade of dark lavender, with a bit of indigo starting to creep in around the corners. \"Geez, Forbes, you really took a hit, didn't ya?\" Forbes groaned, his hand not leaving his right eye, hiding his embarrassing wound. \"Really, Alex, of all days you have to pick this one! We're marching today!\" Oh yes, and you've got to see Susannah. \"If it's any consolation, Forbes, the blue in it brings out your eyes nicely.\" Ouch. I honestly don't think that was a very smart thing to say. Forbes glared at me. I wasn't making fun of him, I swear I wasn't, I was just trying to talk my way out of it. But I can't. I'm not a smooth talker. It is at times like these that I wish so badly that I was superhuman; perhaps a superhero or at least a villain. If I could be one, I would honestly choose to be Megamind. I see a lot of Pros to this. He is less clumsy. He is way smarter. He is a smooth talker, and can get away with anything…('cept prison.) And he is such a good liar. The only con is the giant blue head. \"You know what? I'll just keep my mouth shut from now on, how's that?\" I suggested, cringing under his laser-eyed stare. His frown turned upside down slowly. \"You do that.\" It was nearly two hours later that Robert found himself atop of Glory on the outskirts of Boston, seated tall and proud on an equally tall and proud horse. It was a beautiful animal, obedient yet somehow free, its powerful body relaxed for the moment, patiently waiting for his master's commands. With the last of Mulcahy's brutal calls, the entire regiment was finally reassembled into a slightly different style of marching rows. There were exactly thirteen men in each row, which Robert learned from his father as a boy, were meant to symbolize the original thirteen colonies and were commonly used by the old fellows in the Revolution. Robert nudged Glory with his heels, digging them gently into the animal's generous belly. Immediately, the steed lurched forward, calmly following the orders that were given to him through the language of Robert's reins. As the colonel, he was to ride in the frontal rows, save for the flag bearers and the drummer boys that were to go before him. He guided Glory to his designated spot, catching sight of Forbes. Robert furrowed his brow, the major's eye was a darker shade of blue than his uniform could ever be. Robert made a mental note to inquire about that later. Instead, he raised his gleaming saber, watching the weapon silently slice through the air, glint wickedly in the sun, and immediately earn the regiment's attention. He took a deep breath of the treasured air, enjoying the sensation that filled his lungs and emptied them just a few moments later. This was it. The young colonel caught the steely eye of Sergeant Mulcahy, and nodded at him to signal the order to march. Okay, I am genuinely scared now; I hope nobody really sees this. I'm on Charlie's fat, stupid horse, the one that threw me off several times in one day. I'm lucky I didn't damage my spinal cord. Charlie is on it with me, even though he looks as cool as a cucumber-or whatever-while I look like I have 'Freshman' and 'Rookie' written all over me. I'm clinging so tightly to his jacket that he had to shake me off a few times, saying that I'll pull us both down if I keep doing that. But I can't help it. I have developed a bloody phobia for his bloody horse. Forbes, who is driving ahead of us, keeps glancing back of his shoulder and smirking at me. I guess that's payback for the black eye. I'm debating on whether or not it's worth flipping him off, I finally decide not to do it…there's way too many witnesses. Hundreds of cheering 1800'sners are packed together, pushed up against the walls of the streets to let us pass through. People are shouting praises at us, and with a spark of vanity, I closed my eyes and imagine how it would feel like if they were cheering for me . Robert, on the other hand, looks totally nonchalant, as if he experiences this kind of attention every freaking day. He's not even puffed up with pride for the Fifty-Fourth. His face is utterly blank and unfazed, as if this was not worth celebrating, or at least a smile. I know for a fact that if they truly were cheering for me, I would totally be totally strutting it, putting on a show that was as loud and dramatic as Elvis mixed with Las Vegas. Thank-you-very-much, ladies and gen'lemen, you've been a won'erful audience. There was a loud marching band that's playing some familiar patriotic song that I don't know the name of; and small white pieces of confetti sprinkle down from the balconies above us and settle our shoulders like snow. Gee, I'm going to have a lot of fun picking that out of my hair. All you see is red, white, and blue everywhere you look, swirling around, banners hanging off of ever door and balcony. Children wave tiny Union flags in the air, as I wave at them . Despite my dilemma with Charlie's noble steed, I can't help but loosen up a little and grinning ginormously. Up in the balconies of the elegant Victorian houses, ladies with hoop skirts of silk and lace hang on the arms of senior gentlemen in coats with shiny top hats, watching us proudly from above. But it is the old men and women on the streets below that catch my attention. They crowd the street on both sides, a few feet away from me; if I reached out enough I could touch one of them. There is an expression of hope on their faces and tears of joy in their eyes, as every one of those African-American women-most of them probably ex-slaves-search our marching rows with desperate eyes in hopes of getting just one, small glimpse of their men. It was a pleasant thought, beautiful even, for the women of the Civil War did not suffer any less than their men. Perhaps, not all of them were in pain physically , but the loss of a loved one who meant the world to you would hurt more than you can bear. I tried to blend in with Charlie, pulling my navy kepi low over my eyes, and hoping that the blue of my uniform jacket would disappear amidst the blues of the men. I did not want to stand out because I was a girl in britches, and people don't really accept that. Besides, I was still sore over the time when those guys started making fun of me when we first got to Camp Readville, and I shouted the 'your mom' thing to them. Gasp! You will never believe what I just saw. As we were passing Mulcahy in the bystander's line, I saw him smile! With my own two eyes! Swear to the lord above, I did, he actually smiled! Quick! Alert the press! I smiled back at him, I'm not sure why, but he didn't see me. Nope, never mind, I lied, he just nodded at me. Charlie's unicorn… horse suddenly jerked abnormally just to piss me off, and for a minute I cling to the captain like a sailor to a lifeline. I heard something like a cross between a sigh and a chuckle, before Charlie reached back to loosen my hands from his jacket, telling me to chill the freak out, only he said it in a more fancy and elegant and polite manner. It was one of those moments when you know that someone is cheering for you . Those moments where you force yourself to be serious, but the muscles on your face involuntarily turn up in a smile. Thomas was at that moment. He was doing everything that they were supposed to be doing, head high, shoulders back, hands at the seams. It had been a miserable few months. He was beaten, yelled at, and humiliated before a large group of people, and he learned a very valuable life lesson the hard way. Life was not fair. And no one knew that better than Thomas. But he had come out of that in the lead. Those shouting drill sergeants were brazen but had good intentions. They made a real man out of Thomas Searles, who was now marching proudly in row three of A Company. Confetti floated through the air and landed on his straightly-carried shoulders, the tiny, white circles of paper in noticeable contrast with the blue darkness of his uniform. Thomas was proud of what he had become. He was an American soldier, and to him, that was an honor. Trip bit his lip as his eyes scanned the crowd for someone he knew. It felt out-of-place for him to be here, but the private would never be able to appreciate the moment until he had found her . Perhaps she did not know that they were marching today. Perhaps she had forgotten. Or perhaps she simply could not come. Trip did not give up hope so easily, however. He narrowed his eyes and searched the crowd more vigilantly. To his unspeakable surprise, he had found her in less than twelve seconds this time. It was Marion. His friend whom he was madly in love with. She did not know that, unfortunately, that she was so beautiful and the light of his world. Trip wasn't the kind of man to weave pretty words together. He had met her here in Boston, months and months and months ago. He did not tell her that he loved her because he could not risk making her a heartbroken sweetheart or a soul-broken widow. She had a handkerchief pressed to her face and tears were forming in her eyes as she watched him. That was the conformation Trip needed. She loved him. Some people say a man is made out of mud. Some people say that poor man's made of muscle and blood, skin and bones, a mind that's weak and a back that's strong. But this regiment would prove them wrong. Frederick Douglass could feel it, especially when he looked at his son, Lewis Douglass he was filled with fatherly pride for the son that was fighting for their freedom. His son Lewis, a handsome young man in his early twenties, held his head high and his jaw set in determination, his marching movements sharp and in sync with the drums of the marching band. He held his eyes forward, not steering them away from the front, like an agent on a mission. Frederick nodded at him when the command was given for the troops to look right. Frederick Douglass placed a hand over his heart, his way of saluting, as the officers and politicians in the groups beside him raised a hand to their forehead in the standard army salute. Frederick's eyes found the colonel, and he gave the young man a slow nod, congratulating him on his sky high accomplishment. Mulcahy stood a ways a part from the crowd. He was an old man now. Almost eight and forty. He had two children of his own, a boy named Peter, age twelve, and a girl named Molly, age ten. His wife Mary was nearing forty three. Mulcahy missed them. He wanted to go home and spend time with his family, after many months of hard work. He watched the men proudly, like a father watches his children. He had shouted in their faces, spat on their shoes, and swore at their simple-minded naïvetés. He had beaten the knowledge into them, sometimes literally, so that they would understand that life on the battlefield was not a Sunday outing with one's mother. Though their marching was impressive, there was still work to do. Though their discipline was better, he still had to break them. But as the old sergeant watched his shabby group of miscreants that he had strived to transform into strapping young soldiers, he felt enlightened. It was like an invention, his creation, which had finally worked! Though there was still more ahead of them, Mulcahy knew that his work, here at least, was finally done. Robert's heart started to pound eagerly in his chest as he neared his family's mansion. He could already see the balcony, protruding from the second floor of the house, decorated with red white and blue banners of the United States. He could see the shapes and outlines of men and ladies leaning over the edge, waiting to catch a glimpse of him. He had to resist the urge to speed up Glory, knowing that that would not look very professional; instead, he pulled out his silver saber, listening to the wooshing sound it made when it sliced the air, thick with streams of confetti. It glinted in the sun, smiling blindingly at the crowd, as Robert gripped it's intricately engraved tang. Yellow tassels of decoration swung wildly as Robert pointed the blade forward, keeping his arm taut until they had reached the line of vision of his childhood home. \"Eyes right!\" He ordered in rhythm, a hundred heads snapped in that direction in sync with his own neck. There they were. He saw his dear mother first, a lacy bonnet on her head and her hand over her heart, smiling affectionately down at him. His father came second, his hand over his heart as well, saluting his son proudly. His sister Susannah waved wildly at him, and her bright smile was contagious. His other younger sisters, Josephine and Ellen stood off to the side of the group, smiling and waving tiny flags. His older sister Anna was holding her six month old infant, looking like a happy mother. And then came Annie Haggerty. She was a beautiful woman, and one of his closest friends, but Robert was surprised of himself that he did not think of her earlier. He used to be quiet infatuated with her. Robert had a thin film of tears in his eyes as he looked at his blessed family which was trying to hold back tears as well. But Robert kept his head high, shoulders back, and heart as far away from his sleeve as possible. He would see them tonight before his regiment left for South Carolina. He missed them, and he wanted to say goodbye. For who knows how long until they meet again? Thank you for all your wonderful reviews. I am overwhelmed with gratitude. Thank you so, so, so much! It made me feel guilty, spoiled, and downright aweful for not updating sooner, but that's a good thing. I'll be updating faster now. I already started the next chapter! :) Review please :) your opinons are very important to 'us' :) lol[Chapter 39] Samantha Story : Lol, 38 chapters is pretty long though, gonna have to wrap it up around the 54th one. (My goal) Thank you! :) AnimeGirl1220 : Thank you so much! I kind of have an idea by how the big battle scene is going to go, and, to be honest, I'm itching to write it! :D BTW, thanks a lot for the DirectTV thing, I caught the one at four o'clock. Did you watch it?:) Beagle Bug : Thank you! Seriously, when I read this it took me an hour to stop grinning like a fool. :) Otose : Thank you! Espanol es muy dificil para mi, but I try. :) Yes, I totally can't wait to read more on the adventures of Jane and Nat. They are HI-LAIR-IOUS! :) YarisVamp : Just for that, every future Charlie moment shall be dedicated to you, lol. Thank you! :) Lovemusic2 : Thanks a bunch! I also wanted to thank you for reviewing 'Ghost Whisper', I'm glad I brought tears into your eyes...wait, that sounded aweful, but I'm sure you know what I mean. :) wolfpirate13 : Thank you for your honesty. Please let me know how I can improve on it. :) BreeilnaBane : Aww, thank you so much, your reviews totally brighten up my day and even help during writer's block. Thank you, it truly means a lot to me. :) HeartlessVampireGirl : Aarrgh! Fail on my part, I thought I would be less busy during the summer, but noooo, Writer's Block had to come along and...well...you get it. Happy Seriously-Belated Birthday! I hope you got everything that you wanted and I wish you the best in life! :) Did you get the Collecter's Editition of Glory? Clark3 : Haha, thank you! Yay! Someone noticed the chapter title! Isn't Latin a beautiful language? CarminaXBuranaX : Thanks a lot, not everyone thought that way about the chapter. :) I couldn't remember the name of Frederick Douglass' son that served in the 54th, but when I looked it up, it said Frederick Douglass Jr. Never trust Wikipedia. I changed it back when I found the right answers. Thanks for reviewing Ghost Whisper...I'm glad I made you cry...you know what I mean, lol. :) IceDragonHikari : Yes! You have a fantastic memory my friend! When was the last time you have watched the movie? :) But, if I must admit it, Edward is undoubtedly hot. :) BK Love-ah : I know right, I really hope that you did well on those finals! :) smartyjonescrzy : Wow, smarty, looks like you have life already cut out for you. I take it that you got accepted to the University of Kentucky? With YOUR grades, I haven't a doubt about it. :) When you manage your own farm do you plan on staying in Kentucky/Ohio? I hope to get accepted to Stanford Medical School and spend the rest of my days in California. The letter of Simon Cameron, *head drops in shame*, was unfortunatly NOT an actual copy, I just researched who the Secretary of War was and tried to make the letter sound high-toned and fancy. :) Chapter 38...hehe...I have to learn to wrap it up, my goal is to get to Chapter 54 (get it?) and I have it all planned out. :) Honeybee4Eva : Thank you, BTW your new avatar is adorable. :) kiralol101 : Thank you, I adore it when someone thought my deviant humor is funny, lol. I hope those finals went well for ya! :) landsharkkid : Thank you! Yes, Matthew Broderick is smexy! Or was anyway... :) \"Hey, Forbes, wait up! Where are you going?\" We had marched to a new, temporary camp two miles up the coast; we were to wait there until the day after tomorrow, where the entire regiment would board several steamboats and trek down south to Southern Carolina. I was excited because we would be in enemy property. I wasn't the only one who was jittery. The entire camp felt on edge, ready to burst in spontaneous cheering. Personally, I was glad that the day was almost over, even the march through Boston – it was history. Hehe…literally. I noticed Robert leave the camp atop of Glory about ten minutes earlier, and now Forbes was going too. I have too much curiosity for my own good, and after sitting around with nothing but Andrews's anti-women ravings to listen to, I was hoping that Forbes would be able to provide tonight's entertainment. When he heard me shout, my friend tugged on the reins of his stallion, squinting his eyes beneath the black visor of his kepi, watching me jog to him. The corners of his eyes crinkled with a smile when I was standing in front of his horse, staring up at him. With a sweeping gesture, he mockingly tipped his hat to me. \"Forbes, where are you going?\" I repeated, playing with the USA engraving on his boot. Again, he grinned, looking comical with one purple eye. Sorry darling, my fault. \"Why the sudden interest?\" Because I ran out of feminist comebacks to Andrews's women-can't-do-shit remarks. I shrugged. \"Oh, just wondering.\" I read in a phycology textbook once that if you act like you don't care, people will tell you. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm proud to say it worked on Forbes! \"I'm riding to the Shaw mansion.\" Robert left several minutes ago, and I wanted to join him.\" BS, Forbes, you just wanted to see Susannah. I arched an eyebrow. \"Oh really?\" I asked. \"Can I come?\" He smirked, leaning his body forward slightly. \"I don't know, can you?\" He teased. Was he really going to do the can I, may I thing? I sighed, exaggerating the roll of my eyes. \"Take me with you.\" He offered me a hand, and pulled me up on the horse's back. \"It would be my pleasure.\" He stated the phrase in an overly flamboyant manner to show me that he was teasing. \"Thank you.\" Groan. Not again. I thought, as I tried to find a comfortable position on the horse. \"You're welcome.\" After just a few seconds of silence, he spoke up again. \"After all, knowing your fondness for horses...\" \"Aaargh!\" He held on to the reins, laughing. The crowds had long parted, and the long strip of town road known as Beacon Street was littered with the red white and blue remains of confetti and miniature banners with broken sticks. Robert felt that someone should have picked them up, the American flag, not matter how small, does not belong on the ground. No, too many people have died to keep it up. Robert's heart leapt as he reined Glory in before the property of his own house. An iron gate still stood between him and the lawn, and Robert almost jumped it aboard Glory in his own eagerness. However, being rational and of course thinking about his mother's precious flower bed which was neatly displayed on the other side of the gate, he slid off of the horse's back and tied the rein's securely around the wrought-iron fence. The young colonel hardly noticed himself bound quickly up the wide granite steps, trying not to trip over his own two feet as he raced to the front door. He only had to knock once. The large, French double doors swung open immediately, revealing Harriet, one of the Shaw's maids that was his sisters' chaperone. \"Colonel Shaw!\" She exclaimed in pure delight, reaching out and pulling him into the house. \"Look how you've grown! So handsome, meant to break every poor girl's heart!\" Robert flushed, giving her a small, quick smile, shaking his head back and forth. Harriet had been under the Shaw parents' employment for almost thirty years, dating back as his mother's chaperone, and now his sisters, marrying two off already. He gave her his coat and hat, allowing her to put it away for him. He thought he visit his family alone this quiet evening, but only seconds later, he heard two sets of feet clambering up the steps outside of the door. Robert wondered if he was that loud as well. He turned his torso just in time to see Harriet open the doors to reveal Forbes and Alex, flushed and laughing-as usual. They grew a slightly bit more serious when they saw him, but Robert smiled softly to show that it was alright. I turned to Forbes, lowering my voice so that Robert wouldn't hear. \"Hey, Forbes, are you sure it's okay for us to be here?\" When we walked in, everybody immediately stopped to stare at us. See? This is what happens when you use the front entrance. Forbes mocked my whisper with his own. \"As if you honestly care, Alex.\" I smacked his arm, irritated that he didn't even wince. I changed the subject. \"I bet you're really anticipating seeing Susannah, aren't you?\" Oh Susannah, now don't you cry for me…for I'm bound for California with a banjo on my knee… Totally. Forbes snorted sharply, causing me to look up. \"I would have been much more excited if I didn't have a rather unattractive scarlet bruise on my eye.\" \"Let it go, Forbes!\" Honestly, men are such babies. My major friend chuckled and walked away from me, towards Robert. Within seconds, they were attacked by a whole lot of weeping women, crying tears of joy from being reunited. In truth, I have never before felt so much of an outsider. It felt like I was intruding on their privacy, and feeling sullied and unusual, I turned away from them, However, my me-lon-cho-lly did not last very long. No sooner had I turned away to admire the Shaw's phenomenally ugly wallpaper, than my name was called. \"Miss Janeiro! It's so good to see you!\" It was Susannah's voice, filled with bubbly, mirthful blondness. She touched my jacketed elbow and turned me around to face her. She was exactly my height, with gorgeous brown eyes and flawless pale skin. I remembered how pale skin was prized in this era, and I suddenly felt so dirty and disgusting, standing there in my ripping jeans and farmer tanned skin. \"Alex.\" I corrected her softly, giving her a smile. She then surprised me. She wrapped her arms around me and gave me one big hug, swaying slightly as she held me to her. I was stunned at first, but then the feeling returned to my hands and I returned the hug, patting her calico-covered back. It felt like years since I've been hugged, and in truth, I had longed for affection after many days of bullying by Trip and humiliation before the eyes of the camp. I felt a little bit teary eyed, but I quickly blinked the watery film away when I noticed Robert watching me over his mom's shoulder. I felt stupid again, and agitated. Is it just me, or did my hormones decide to come bite me in the donkey today? Life hates me. I buried my face in Susannah's comforting shoulder, but when I looked up again, the colonel was staring at someone else. I let go of Susannah, and my eyes followed Robert's clear-blue line of vision. It was a woman, of course, if it was a dude that would have just been…weird. But this chick was gorgeous; she looked like Watson's girlfriend in Sherlock Holmes, only a lot younger, and honey, way prettier. Her hair was a dark red bordering on brown. It was swept off her face into a high bun, several curls dangling loosely out of it. Her skin was alabaster pale, and again I tugged on the sleeves of my stained Union jacket trying to cover up my atrocious tan. I dragged a sleeve across my face, wishing that I did a better job of washing it this morning, no matter how ice-cold and hypothermia-inducing it was. Her eyes were a dark forest green, and she was watching me with amusement. Oh Lord, this is making me uncomfortable. Then her eyes found Robert's, and I swear, the green pair glowed with worship when she looked at him. Susannah floated away to Forbes her smile immediately transforming to a look of worry. She placed a dainty hand on his upper arm. \"Major, it's so good to see you again.\" She flashed her dimples at him. I've never seen Forbes this way before. He looked at her as if nothing else in the world existed. \"Susannah Shaw.\" He smiled gently at her, saying her name like it was candy melting in his mouth. \"It's good to see you too. It's been a long time.\" Susannah continued to eye him with worry. \"Cabot, dear, what happened to your eye?\" If looks could kill, I would disintegrate right on the floor. Forbes turned back to look at Susannah. \"Four – no – eight very big men…\" I snorted. Yeah, Forbes couldn't keep a story straight if he was standing before God. He was just as she remembered; better, even. The same drowsy smile paired with vigilant brown eyes, thick, soft hair tousled in short waves. Pale skin, hardly browned by the hot sun, shown in great contrast with the handsome blue officers suit with shiny brass buttons and a deep scarlet sash. Annie stood pressed against the wall, apart from his family, waiting for him to notice. Susannah, at times frivolous yet forever delightful, had put both hands on his shoulders and kissed him with sisterly affection on the cheek, smiling and floating away to the next victim of her charms. She had rushed towards the parlor where a small, thin figure stood lonely in the door way, and threw her arms around it. Annie Kneeland Haggerty had to look closer to realize it was a girl. How utterly shocking! What kind of parents did she have who would allow their own daughter to dally around a rough group of soldiers in men's attire! Annie's own mother would die just by thinking such a thing. However, despite the scandal, Annie had to admit how brave she was to spit in the biased opinions of society. But nevertheless, the girl obviously had no sense of honor. And no sense of hygiene, either, for that matter. Her dark, stringy hair was crudely brushed and on the verge of greasy, her face looked like it needed a good scrubbing, and her clothes needed to be burned immediately. And her skin! She would have to live in a tub of buttermilk if she ever wanted to bleach those spotty freckles. The girl was staring at her hands. They were not the hands of a lady. Annie's mother had told her countless of times that a gentlemen can always tell a lady by her hands. The way they are soft and pale, dimpled and well manicured. Not a scrubbed, angry shade of red, healing cuts, and blisters oozing with some disgusting soft-yellow bodily residue. The girl, as if aware of Annie's thoughts, hid her hands behind her back, her cheeks coloring with the rush of blood. She was taken aback, and she wobbled slightly with exhaustion as Susannah wrapped her arms around her back in a warm, welcoming embrace. The girl, Annie had noticed, melted by the second, like a small child, starved of its mother's love, she clung to the yellow sleeves of Susannah's dress, completing the embrace. Annie soon lost interest in her, and returned her attention to Robert. To her dismay, he was still wrapped unescapably in his mother's arms. However, he was watching someone over the shoulder of Sarah Shaw, but it wasn't Annie. Instead, he was watching the sickly urchin whom Annie felt sorry for, but the girl returned his stare for a second, and it told Annie more than she ever cared to know. Then, to Annie's relief, he looked away, and finally, finally, his attention belonged to her. He gently undid his mother's grasp about his neck and approached her, each step he took made her heart race. He flashed her that shy, drowsy smile as he came to stand in front of her, bowing his head slightly in a nod of greeting. \"Miss Haggerty.\" He addressed her with a smile. \"How have you been?\" Sometimes Annie hated the formalities, but if they must they must. \"Colonel Shaw, it's a pleasure to see you again! I daresay you are most fitting for that title.\" Robert blushed a soft shade of rogue. \"Thank you, Miss Haggerty.\" \"Has the regiment been good to you?\" She inquired with a beckoning smile. He loosened up a little, his hands clasped behind his back. \"Oh, very good, thank you.\" Within less than a three minute period they had run out of things to talk about. She could try again by speaking of the weather, but then he too would realize that their bond of friendship was severed. That was when Annie started to panic. Months before, they could speak for hours about nothing in particular, ever since that fateful night at the opera, whence they met. But now… Robert spoke up first, breaking her thoughtful silence. Annie didn't mind, she was always glad to hear his voice. \"Miss Haggerty, I believe you have not yet met my assistant, Miss Janeiro.\" Annie shook her head, in truth, she did not want to. \"No, I haven't.\" Robert nodded, angling away from her towards the urchin that was now chattering between Cabot and Susannah. \"Miss Janeiro, if you please.\" Without excusing herself, she marched to Robert's side, appearing like she was waiting for orders, rather than an introduction. \"Miss Janeiro, I would like to introduce a good friend of mine, Miss Annie Kneeland Haggerty.\" He smiled at both young women. \"Miss Haggerty, please meet Miss Alexandra Janeiro.\" Annie pasted a look of friendly civility over her true emotions, are tart smile gracing her lips. She made a note not to offer her hand to the woman. Miss Janeiro had the same intention. She didn't reach out either, but to Annie's guilt, her smile was genuine even if her eyes were emotionless. \"Hi.\" She greeted simply, causing Annie to raise an eyebrow. However, the girl quickly corrected herself. \"It's a pleasure to meet you.\" \"Charmed, I'm sure.\" Annie mumbled, observing her casual stance which was so different from Annie's proper, erect posture. Robert sounded almost proud as he spoke of the filthy girl's situation in life. \"Miss Janeiro is a very hard worker.\" He spoke politely, searching for some more to add. \"She is invaluable to us in camp.\" The girl blushed and stared down at her strange shoes in a way that made Annie arch a perfectly shaped eyebrow. \"Indeed.\" Annie's voice came out strained, but it softened when her gaze fell upon Robert. She placed a dainty hand on his strong arm. \"Oh, Colonel, we have much to talk of!\" Unfortunately, that could not be. His mother Sarah snatched him away from her. Like a spider, she captured Robert's arm, excused him from the group and with a nod of greeting to Janeiro led him away, followed by his father and other three sisters. Both women were left alone in the company of Forbes and Susannah, before he too was called away by Sarah. Susannah approached them, her skirts swishing from side to side as she walked. She looked blissfully happy. She smiled warmly at both girls. \"Shall we have some tea in the library? Alex we have much to talk about.\" Annie forced a smile. Susannah called over one of their maids and asked her to bring up a tea tray to the library, before, with a sweeping gesture of her arm, she led us down the hall, astounding me with the enormous size of their house, and stopped before what I guessed was the library. She threw the doors opened and waved Annie and I in, sitting down delicately on one of the three, white, flower-printed high-back chairs and smoothing out imaginary wrinkles in her hoop skirt. Dayum ! Their 'brary was huge! It was large and open with enough breathing space to a comfortable degree. Both ladies sat down delicately, while I reflexively dropped my body disgracefully on to the chair. After the look I got from Annie, I remembered myself, and felt compelled to stand up and sit down again – more gracefully. The maid that Susannah spoke to earlier shuffled into the library, set down a tea tray, and scurried out. Susannah was smiling as she turned over three tea cups one by one, and poured steaming hot tea into each. She offered us sugar – I declined – and next the three of us picked up our tea cups. I held mine delicately, looking over my shoulder in search for the Mad Hatter. Susannah watched me in what I could have sworn was admiration. \"Alex, you are the bravest woman I know.\" Annie looked very interested in her tea. \"Thank you.\" I replied awkwardly, surprised, I took a sip of tea. It burned my throat, causing me to stifle the urge to cough. \"No, I truly mean it.\" Susannah replied earnestly. \"This may come off as shocking to you, but if I could, I would have joined the army in a snap.\" Annie spoke up suddenly. \"Yes it is brave.\" She agreed grudgingly. \"But it is hardly the work of a true, well-bred lady.\" I don't think she likes me very much. I gawked at her, while Susannah shifted in her seat uncomfortably. \"I'm sure Alex is no less a lady than our fellow Bostonians. She just has more stamina than some…\" Annie looked at me coyly. \"Are you not worried of your virtue or reputation being at stake?\" I should probably leave out the fact that I sleep in the same room as several other different men. \"I…I…\" This seemed to fuel the woman more. \"I'm surprised that your parents allowed you to take on such a task.\" I set my tea cup down and looked at her square in the eye. She didn't even flinch. \"Where I come from…\" I began slowly, struggling to control my temper. \"There are female generals .\" Susannah was fascinated, while Annie looked like she thought I was bluffing. \"Really?\" Susannah's brown eyes were glowing. I nodded. \"Women vote…they run for office…they own businesses…they…\" I stopped shortly. Oh, God, Marty's gonna kill me. Susannah noticed my silence, and opened a tin filled with cookies. My mouth watered reflexively. \"Have a cookie.\" She smiled. That's it then, she's gonna bribe me. My greatest weakness is cookies, how did they know? I took one, resisting the urge to grab a handful and be a complete fatty. \"Where I come from, women are treated as equals.\" \"I never heard of more extravagant a tale.\" Annie retorted, eyeing me over her teacup. Lady, what did I ever do to you? Susannah shushed her with the tiniest of frowns. She glanced back at me, chattering with excitement. \"Though my father would probably have my head if he heard…\" She began, licking her lips. \"…ever since I was a young girl, I've wanted to be a criminal attorney.\" Her voice dwindled until it was barely above a harsh whisper. Annie eyed her in mock shock. The words were out of my mouth before I could process them. \"My mother's a lawyer.\" That's it time froze. I wish it was possible to unsay things, but unfortunately, Marty has the reset button. Susannah leaned forward. \"Where are you from?\" She whispered, like a secret agent. You mean when . \"F-France.\" I lied through my teeth, but hoped my eyes weren't confessing the unbelievable truth. Please fall for it. Glory Hallelujah she did. She put her tea cup down. \"My brother had been to France, but he had failed to mention the progress of feminist citizens.\" That's because I'm a no-good rotten liar and Marty will strangle me the next time I am so unfortunate as to fall beneath his wrath. \"Oh.\" And the grand prize for eloquence goes to…well, not me. Wow, I am such an astounding conversationalist I amaze myself! Susannah, at that moment, decided to change the subject – kind of like me, she was distracted by something shiny. \"Oh, Alex, that is such a lovely hair piece!\" She exclaimed, her eyes glittering in wonder. My hand instinctively reached towards the midnight ribbon with the crystal pendant that Robert had given me for Christmas. I smiled at her. \"Thank you.\" \"These ribbons have been all the rave now.\" Susannah continued, chattering happily. \"They are from Paris!\" Her eyes glittered at the word. \"Wherever did you get yours?\" Ah, a familiar Barbie line from the future: Wherddya get that, girl? I felt a blush creep up my cheeks, but I decided to tell her the truth. \"Robert gave it to me.\" Annie felt like her heart was being ripped out of her chest. What exactly was going on between her precious Robert and that girl? It had been so long since Annie had last seen Robert, was it already over before it began? Was he in love with this young woman? Annie eyed Janeiro with a horrified expression across her face. She felt sick to the stomach. \"Excuse me.\" Annie stood up abruptly, earning looks of ultimate confusion from both Janeiro and Susannah. She turned towards the door of the private library, tripping over her own skirts and stumbling into the hallway. She felt like she was trudging through water, her heart raced and her head swam. This was not possible. Any refused to believe that all was lost. She loved Robert. And when this war was over, he would see that he too loved her – not Alexandra Janeiro – and they would get married – and she would be the mistress of the Shaw mansion. Annie wished with all her heart that things would go according to plan. After I finished devouring Susannah's delicious molasses-sugar cookies, and the hot, steamy imported-from-India tea was gone, Susannah's maid rushed in and told Susannah that she was wanted by her mother, so she led me out of the library and dumped me in the sitting room, before excusing herself and telling me how much she enjoyed my company. Then she was gone. I was all by me onesie, slouching on the Shaw's velvet divan and humming some random MJ song. Billy jean…is not my lover. Ahem, so anyway, as I was slouching there and humming some random MJ song, I heard a soft, low voice come from the family room which was separated from the sitting room by a tall doorway. I recognized it to be Robert's. But yet, it sounded so shockingly different in contrast with the harsh way of his order-bestowing ways. It was Sweet N' Low, and it was kind of beautiful. I listened to the lyrics, and is it my imagination, or is he singing a baby's lullaby. I felt drawn to him. Silently, I crept up to the doorway to have a peek. Robert had his back to me, still in his navy uniform; but his kepi was off, and his thick, butter-soft hair was whipped upwards into a rather attractive peak instead of the bangs hanging into his face. He was looking at his lap, bouncing his leg lightly. But as I stood on my tippy toes, I realized that on his knee he held …a baby! Robert would make such a good father…not that I'm suggesting anything. Robert held Frank, his infant nephew in his lap. He had always adored the little tyke, and his oldest sister, Anna, was more than happy to give him up for half an hour. Robert understood now that motherhood was no picnic…perhaps the hard work might even rival the amount of dedication in military services. Robert smiled at the young boy in his lap, who was thoroughly examining his kepi, drooling on the bill which he continuously placed in his small mouth, forcing Robert to gently pry it out of the baby's small fingers, explaining to a careless infant that no, 'the big blue hat' was not edible. \"Lullaby, Lullaby\" Robert mumbled, feeling shy about his voice even when no one but the baby was here to witness it. \"Go to sleep little baby.\" If only. This continued on for a few minutes, until Robert had the nagging, persistent sense that someone was watching him. He stopped sing-hum-ing abruptly. Slowly, and nervously, he turned around in his seat. He had prepared himself for it to be Forbes, and was ready to chuck his kepi at him. However, when his mind registered Alexandra Janeiro, he was caught off guard. \"I…I…\" Robert frowned. He wasn't normally this 'articulate.' Miss Janeiro looked a bit embarrassed as well. \"I'm sorry, Sir, I didn't mean to…I…\" Robert cleared his throat. \"No, no it's all right.\" Forever the gentleman. \"Please come in, there's something I've been meaning to talk to you about.\" Robert sighed, preparing himself for the inevitable. He had been thinking about this since this morning. He was going to ask Miss Janeiro to stay behind in Boston. They were travelling closer to the southern battle lines tomorrow; it was going to be too dangerous for a woman. Besides, Robert thought, he needed her to remain here because they were getting much to close for comfort. And he had that Golden Rule to go by: No Fraternization. Well, that was 'conveniently' awkward. I felt dejected again, my shoulders slumped as I watched Robert scrutinize me in a way that made me feel like he was deciding my future. I didn't like the look in his eyes. I took a seat across from him, watching the little now-sleeping child in his arms. He shifted his weight. \"Who's that?\" I asked, pointing at the child with my chin. Robert smiled down at the baby, his voice taking on a proud-like consistency. \"He is my nephew, by my sister Anna.\" She must have been one of the other women that I saw when I first walked into the house. \"He's beautiful.\" I was delaying the inevitable. I had a feeling that I wouldn't like what he was going to say. \"Miss Janeiro.\" Robert murmured, standing up and placing the sleeping child in a small 'baby basket' across the room. He turned back to me with his full attention. \"As you know, the regiment is being transferred to South Carolina the morning after tomorrow.\" I wrung my hands. \"Yesss.\" I replied slowly, in distrust. He looked like he was having trouble wording it. \"It is my opinion that it would be best for you to remain here in Boston.\" He swallowed nervously. \"It's for your own safety.\" I sprang up out of the chair as if stung. \"What?\" I exclaimed so loudly that he held a finger up to his lips, anxiously sending a glance towards the still sleeping baby. \"Miss Janeiro.\" He reasoned. \"Please try to understand.\" \"I will not!\" I protested. \"Who are you to tell me what I will and will not do?\" Okay, dumb question. It was his turn to grow impatient. \"Only your superior officer.\" He retorted sharply. \"I refuse! I will go! You can't stop me.\" I was rapidly sinking into tantrum mode. \"Miss Janeiro, you will remain in Boston, that is an order!\" Robert snapped, crossing his arms and furrowing his brow. I glared up at him, but inside I was vulnerable and worried. If he made me stay here, where would I go?\" \"Well what would I do here?\" My mouth has declared independence against me today. Robert looked thrown off guard. \"Er…what do you mean?\" His usual articulation was not at its best today. I didn't answer him. \"What would your family say?\" He asked in a more gentle tone. That made me calm down a bit. \"I…my family…doesn't live here.\" He leaned forward, his elbows resting on his knees. \"What do you mean?\" He repeated. \"Not in Boston?\" Yes in Boston, but not exactly now. \"They live in California.\" I half-lied, my mom lived there and I spend my summers there, but in the winter I'm here with Dad. Robert's lips formed a perfect 'O' of astonished surprise. \"Really?\" I crossed my fingers subconsciously behind my back. \"Yep.\" To be honest, on a scale of one to Chris Brown I was pretty damned pissed. I have been in this regiment long enough to be a part of it. I mean, I even have a nickname, and I have already suffered through all the crap I was going to take from this guy. There was the whole 'Miss Janeiro' thing, the PMS, the watermelons-on-the-stakes-that-took-me-three-years-but-he-chopped-down-in-less-than-three-bloody-seconds, the hole in the roof that I shot with Thomas' stupid gun, Charlie's fat horse breakin' my spine, falling off the podium on the first day, occasionally spitting in Andrews' coffee when he wasn't looking and really pissed me off, Mulcahy's creepy way of speaking in third person…come on! I deserved to stay here just as much as I would have had I owned a Y chromosome. Robert you sexist, insensitive hottie! Don't make me go all feminist on you! Robert eyed her in a mysterious fashion, debating one what to do. He certainly hadn't prepared for her to have such a comeback. He couldn't very well leave her here in Boston, no matter how much he wanted to, but to take her with him could prove to be much worse on a greater scale, and it had Robert's judgment confused. The young woman was a distraction, that he was certain of, but as a gentleman, it was his duty to consider her best interest before his own. If she followed him to South Carolina, she would be there to confuse and toy with his emotions, proper judgment, and opinions. But if he left her here in Boston, without protection, God knows what sort of trouble she would get into. He knew, being it Miss Janeiro, that she and trouble were very good friends. Robert sighed in surrender, nodding his head. Well, that went well. Forbes was finally alone with Susannah, outside on the front lawn, kneeling against a cherry tree. His usually emotionless façade was being ripped to shreds as his heart bled emotionally, though he would rather die than admit it. Susannah was weeping. He had told her that he was in love with her, that he wanted to marry her, and now Susannah was crying because she did not want him to go back to the army. \"Cabot, please.\" She begged, her doe brown eyes glossy with unshed tears. She wiped her face against a handkerchief he had given her. \"It is so dangerous. Hundreds of men die each day. Why add your death to the statistics?\" Forbes smiled softly at her, gazing into her heart-shaped face as if it was the closest to heaven that he would ever be. \"I'll come back to you.\" He assured her quietly. Her eyes searched his face earnestly. \"Do you promise? How can you be so sure?\" \"Because this is true love.\" He replied without hesitation, and damning all propriety, bent his head and pressed his lips to hers. That evening when Forbes was riding back to camp with Alex, whom he had later realized had seen his moment with Susannah – much to the couple's embarrassment, Alex started to tease him good naturedly. He ignored her amused cracks until she said something along the lines of 'you go, Wesley,' followed by a series of irregular laughter. Forbes could not understand what was so funny. He did not get it at all. Ahem. *Taps on microphone.* Ladies and gents, as y'all know on July 18th is the anniversary...however you spell that...of Colonel Robert Gould Shaw and the 54th Massachusetts' fatal assult on Ft. Wagner. Many great people died that day, over 150 years ago, and my brilliant friend CarminaXBuranaX and I have decided to hold a vigil on the memorable day. (For those of you who are like me and had to look that word up...it means that you go about not speaking in honor of something.) Obsessed? Maybe. But I also suggested that we wear black, and hey, she didn't think I was crazy, she agreed. Now of course, this is entirely up to you, I promise not to hunt you down individually and force you to raid your closet for something black because A.) You'd probably kick my ass...and B.) I'm not Chuck Norris...believe it or not. But if you could do that to support the 54th and as a reminder that their brave deaths were not in vain, I and the 'gang' would be eternally grateful. *Salutes.* If you do decide to do it, and I don't update again before the 18th, let me know how it goes. Best of luck to you and of course... HAPPY late FOURTH OF JULY![Chapter 40] So ladies and gents, did anybody do the vigil on the eighteenth? I did. Kinda hard to stay quiet, but I succeeded up till eight thirty, when I totally chewed my sister for putting ketchup in my hair. Seriously? She's fourteen, time to grow up. Anywho…I'm sorry if Annie came off a bit…meh…in the latest chapter. I thought the biatchy Annie would be more interesting than the Miss Congeniality Annie. *Shrugs* Just my humble opinion. :) This chapter is only so-so, in my opinion, but I still hope you'll be able to enjoy it. *Crosses fingers* The REAL fun starts on Chapter 41. So excited to type it! :D Thank you! HeartlessVampireGirl : I find jealousy entertaining in stories…lol…but that's just me. Thank you! Crystal Vice : Thank you! Lol, let me know how it goes. :) Beagle Bug : Lol, thank you so so much! I think you may like the following chapters which will include Charlotte Forten and more…er…static. :) AnimeGirl1220 : Thank you, I just thought it would work since women and battlefields together was a big no-no back then. :) Can't wait till chapter 13! BK Love-ah : Thanks for the review! Let me know how the vigil goes. :) Clyde Moore : Thank you! I totally think I screwed up the beginning of the story though, I was re-reading it and it was just….awkward to read…unbelievably awful. BTW, good luck with the woman in your piano class. :) Otose : Thank you! I totally can't wait for Friends with the Boy in the Front. That story is the bomb, girl! :) Lift the Wings : Thank you! History is awesome, eh? And I also wanted to thank you for the Glory quote you sent me, I couldn't get back to you because my lap top died, but I think that was a very motivating quote that demonstrates the legacy of the underrated fifty-fourth. Thank you, and good luck with that history major! Are you planning on being a historian/teacher? Jazmonsterr : Lol, thanks, I was worried that Annie's behavior might be a little over the top, but what the hell! Lol, Ralex! FTW! Smartyjonescrzy : Oops! How embarrassing. I guess the no-tying-up-horses-to-random-fences is a big no-no, I really should stop trusting Tom Cruise in Far and Away. I'll fix that and keep it in mind! Sorry. :) Yay! Calamity Jane. My WiFi has been screwing up all week and I would have read it sooner…gonna do that as soon as my laptop comes back to life. So sorry about that. :) Lovemusic2 : Lol, that's funny. Thank you for your wonderful review, and if you get the chance, you should definitely checkout the Princess Bride, I assure you you'll love it. :) And Cary Elwes is hoooot there. :) Lol. And yes, there will be a smidgen of jealous Annie, but if you like jealousy, Charlotte Forten is coming up. :) Kiralol101 : Lol, thank you! Yes, I will definitely include a Marty Meeting in the near future. :) Dress4m : Yay! A fellow Princess Bride fan! That movie is awesome! It's totally for the win, and it's really cool how you can quote it. BTW, I loved your revised version of Spies, incredible! TheTordNation : Lol, even though I was the one writing it, I still feel kind of bad for poor Annie. A lil' depressing, eh? I STILL don't have an account : Lol, thanks for the rainbow cookies, I could really use a wish right now. :D Yay for noticing the GWTW reference! Samantha Story : Lol, your reaction was hilarious! I laughed for like half an hour. Thank you so much! IceDragonHikari : Lol! Lemme know how the vigil went! Btw, have you ever gotten into a Edward VS Jacob war with anybody, it's petty but it's fun. Lol. Clark3 : Yay for the fifty-fourth! I wore black and *tried* not to speak all day. Pretty fun, everyone left my alone and just let me 'mourn.' :) *Salutes* Forbes wasn't accustomed to sleeping on the hard ground of the makeshift tent for the overnighter until they trekked down to South Carolina, and he was looking forward to once more sleeping on mattressless cots that were considerably more comfortable than the hard ground that utterly destroyed his back. His morning would have been a lot better if the sun dimmed and that annoying Rio would find someone else to bother, Charlie was available for torture. He had to admit to himself, with a wry smirk that it was ironic to have Alex waking him up this morning instead of the other way around. She had told him last night about Robert telling her to 'hit the road' as she put it, and she was so excited about him letting her stay that she could not sleep half the night, and was bouncing around bright and early at the bloody crack of dawn. In truth, Forbes had been glad that Robert allowed her to stay, she made his day…er… interesting. But now that she kept whacking him on the head with his kepi, Forbes felt like changing his mind. Each time the leather bill met his cheek he reached up and shoved her arm out of the way, before rolling over to the other side. She then, would proceed to walk around him and hit his face from the other side. This cycle had been continuing for fifteen minutes now. \"Your royal highness the handsome prince…\" She was saying sardonically. \"…It is currently six forty five in the city of Boston according to your pocket watch…\" Forbes frowned as his hand reached inside his coat pocket, impressed to find that it was truly missing. \"…the temperature is balmy something degrees and a perfect morning for…oh, I don't know, kicking back and sleeping in or maybe rolling-your-butt-out-of-bed-to-work-off-that-flab-Forbes,-before-Roberto-finds-you-and-kicks-your-lazy-butt!\" The major groaned. \"Tempting, but I won't get out of bed for less than half a million dollars.\" Forbes then turned to glare at her, snatching the pocket watch out of her grasp. \"There is no 'flab.'\" He replied in false indignation. \"Besides, Alex, has anyone told you that self-wakeups are not in your repertoire?\" She ignored the last comment, grinning at him. \"Oh homeboy you up? Howz it chillin' in the hood?\" Forbes stared at her, sincerely wondering if she had spoken English, for he did not catch a single word she said. \"Pardon?\" She shrugged it off, pulling him up by the collar of his shirt. \"Get up!\" \"Alright. If I get up, when will you leave me in peace?\" He said, just for the fun of it. She muttered something along the lines of: when Han Solo dumps Princess Leah on a foreign galaxy and tells Chewbacca to blow up the Millennium Falcon with Luke Skywalker in it, then she'd go. Forbes didn't bother asking what that meant, classifying it as 'interesting' and moving on. He saluted her with more force than necessary, hoping that she would catch the sarcasm. But Alex just turned away after giving him a satisfied grin and went off to torture…er… converse with good ol' Cap'n Charlie. Forbes shook his head, stretching and yawning. It will be interesting to see how this day goes. I was in a pretty good mood this morning. Heck, I woke up by myself and Andrews' coffee did not have any of my DNA in it this time! The good mood came from me being glad that Robert so graciously let me stay, after all, who else would burn holes in his suits while ironing them? Even though I was just the tiniest of bits of sore at him for even thinking about ditching me…it was all good. When I passed him between the tents this morning, I went, \"Yo, Roberto! My-man-howz-the-weatha-tuh-day?\" Of course he frowned and looked around for the culprit who addressed him so inappropriately, but I was gone out of there lickety-split, realizing my mistake. I act on impulse, sue me. Yesterday was still a pretty good day, ya know? Even though Roberto had told me to Hit the Road, Jack; and Annie looked like she wanted to destroy me…life's good. Or at least it was until we boarded this steam boat with a giant propeller in the bank that made me feel like Tom Sawyer. I was even feeling in the mood to ask Robert for a fence to whitewash. Then it all went downhill from there. You know how long we spent on that floating block of wood? Three bloody days. It was the most boring thing in the world, we stayed super close to the coast, and trekked downwards to South Carolina. But it wasn't a cool three days, because A.) I'm allergic to planes, trains, and automobiles alike and B.) This wasn't like the Princess Cruise Lines 'neither, that means no Shirley Temples with little umbrellas and shrimps on toothpicks shaped like swords. What did we do those three days? Nothing. I think it disappointed Mulcahy, since he had to stop drilling for the next three days and his talented, colorful speech was put to a stop by Roberto, who told him to chill out and wait till we got to S.C. 'Course he didn't say it like that. I only had my Rio homies, Charlie, and occasionally Forbes whenever he decided to take the time out of his 'busy' schedule and grace us with his honorable presence. But the poor guy, whenever he came near, Char and I started to crack jokes about him involving the words 'major' and 'insert insult here.' Needless to say, we scared him away, back to Robert's side, muttering something about how he would rather listen 'to Robert's boring war chatter than spend valuable time in the company of lunatics.' So Charlie, who was totally loosening at the moment, and I found a new way to entertain ourselves on the morning of the third day. It was a game called I-say-a-confession-and-you-try-to-top-that-off-by-saying-another-more-scandalous-confession-and-the-one-with-the-craziet-wins. *Shrugs.* I heard it was shorter in Spanish. Charlie went first. \"It was my idea for Robert to dress up as a woman to Cabot's birthday party.\" Well that earned a few looks from Trip and them all, who were standing a few yards away from us. \"I thought the only reason George Washington was famous is because he chopped down a cherry tree…all up until I was twelve years old.\" Now that's sad. Char covered his mouth to hide a smirk. \"I was nineteen when I first learned how to swim.\" Ouch. \"Sometimes when I'm bored I sit in a corner and pretend I'm a panda.\" By now Charlie's face looks like this: O.o But then, an hour later, it started to get worse. The boat had finally gave me sea sickness, I was dizzy as hell, I could barely stand, so I sat down on a sack of grain next to the railing of the big boat – ship? – and put my head between my knees, breathing through my mouth and trying to stifle the nausea that threatened to explode all over Charlie. I don't know how long I sat there like that, but the feeling didn't go away, no matter how many times Charlie asked me if I was okay. \"How are you feeling, Alex?\" \"Jolly good, my friend, right as rain.\" I retorted. Charlie gave me a look that my mom gives me whenever I refuse to go outdoors during the summer. Seriously, what's wrong with parents? Why is it that whenever it hits June, parents think that there's something wrong with you if you're not outside 'frolicking' or whatever. I ignored poor Charlie pretty much after that, telling him to beat it if he didn't want me to ruin his pretty suit by puking all over his shiny brass buttons. Instead I eavesdropped on my Rio buddies, who looked none too happy with the ride either, frowning at the murky sea water. The salt of the ocean filled my nostrils and the breeze cleared my head a bit, but I didn't move from that spot until the scenery changed, from bustling northern fishing ports to quiet, southern antebellum houses. \"Man, I forgot how hot it was down here.\" Red, one of Trip's lackeys, spoke up randomly. Amen to that statement. Trip snorted, an expression of such boredom on his face it looked almost suicidal. \"Welcome home, boy.\" \"Buck up boys.\" Ah, Morgan Freeman - silence to all, Mary Poppins speaks. \"It's all a mem'ry now that the North Man come.\" I was only half-listening, I swear Imma throw up in ten – nine - eight… \"Now that…w-we c-come.\" I love Jupiter to bits, and his name rocks. After all, it ain't every day you meet a guy named after a planet. I think I just saw Trip smile! OMG! Jupiter just makes everybody feel good, and he sings better than Justin-fudging-Beiber. The boat lurched forward on a particularly strong wave, and that was the straw that finally pissed my stomach off. I moaned so loudly and I leaned over the side of the railing, tasting carrots in my mouth. I feel like I swallowed a cruise missile! Oh god, it's coming up my throat – not that you need a play-by-play but my stomach feels like I'm about to give birth to a whale. Ew, that just gave me an image I'm more than eager to forget. Finally, release! The secret weapon of throw up sailed into the ocean; I have never felt so disgust in my entire life. My hair fell out of the pony tail ribbon thing that Rob gave me, and my bangs got into my sweaty face. That's it, I'm going to fall over board and I'm going to die. My one regret is that I'm throwing up in the ocean, instead of Andrews' face. Suddenly, the dark hair was being swept gently off of my face by some guy, no doubt Charlie, I was still way too sick to care. I fell down on my knees, my face between the bars of the railing and my hands wrapped around it. Charlie followed me down too, still holding my hair back. I was grateful, but my throat made no sound to thank him. We both waited until my #$%ing stomach calmed down, before I turned to face Charlie. Only it wasn't Charlie. It was Robert. Oh shit. Robert looked at me, before realizing he was still holding my hair back. Suddenly he dropped it like it was hot. He stammered when he spoke, awkward. \"Are you all right, Miss Janeiro? May I offer you a glass of water?\" I stared at him. That's just fantabulous, throwing up in front of him after I chewed him out the other day for telling me to hit the road. He stood up abruptly when I didn't answer. \"I'll send Forbes over with water.\" He was gone so quickly I could have imagined it. Robert hated awkward moments. Especially those that had to do with women. The young Colonel rubbed his temple and sighed. He told Forbes how Miss Janeiro wasn't feeling well, and his friend smirked at him with a knowing look in his eyes, taking in his nervous appearance. Robert was annoyed at his silent taunting so he frowned at him, ordering him to get going or else. To Robert's chagrin, Forbes walked away without so much as a salute, chuckling and shaking his head. \"Alex, are you all right?\" \"Go away!\" I groaned, my face buried in Charlie's blue overcoat, which he so kindly shed for me…probably eager for an excuse to remove a layer of his uniform on a day so hot as this. \"I brought you water.\" Forbes ignored my original request. I looked up, and sure enough, he wasn't lying. In his hand was a wooden drinking gourd filled to the brim with sparkling, fresh?, unsalty water. I jumped him for it, well maybe like yanked it out of his hand since I was too sick to move. I guzzled it down in a few short seconds, my head clearing immediately with the soothing liquid. Forbes arched a questioning eyebrow at Charlie. The captain shrugged and Forbes turned away from him. \"Not the strongest of stomachs, eh?\" I glanced up at Forbes after sneezing on Charlie's jacket. He took it away from me immediately, eyeing it twistedly. \"What do you mean?\" I asked Forbes, not the least bit insulted by Charlie's phobia for my spit. \"If I remember correctly, the day we met you told Rob's father that you were strong and could take anything…let's see…how did you put it? Oh yes, 'I may look weak but I am strong?'\" He smirked at me. \"Is that it, Rio?\" \"What about it?\" I asked testily, narrowing my eyes at him. Knowing Forbes, no way was this gonna be a compliment. \"Think, goose!\" He chortled, casting a grin in Charlie's direction. \"How are you going to last on a battlefield if you can't take a boat?\" Oh no. Don't you go there. Homeboy, that was one step you didn't want to take. You are screwing with my strongest belief. \"Listen, Cabot , are you saying that because I'm a woman I can't take a little blood?\" Forbes' smile disappeared. \"I didn't say that…\" Forbes, you are a sweetie and I love you with my heart and soul, but sometimes you can get a little below-the-belt. But that's probably me just overreacting – as usual – creating drama out of dust. \"Well, you know what?\" I rose from my spot on the floor, but then got dizzy and realized it was a bad idea, dropping down again. \"Never mind.\" You got lucky Forbes, I'll be back to kick your ass later. Fifteen minutes later, Andrews – ew – showed up and told him that Robert wanted to see him. Robert gazed at the sea, as the steamer trailed from harbor to harbor. They were less than an hour's way from South Carolina, and he noticed the waves become larger, as if the bay was trying desperately to be the ocean. The wind rushed through his hair, and Robert turned towards Forbes, and the two friends exchanged a loaded glance. He had called him over to help him do something big. To bestow a rank on a black man, who deserved it just as much as any white, was something unheard of. But, Robert thought with a smile, times do change. \"Colonel Shaw!\" Robert turned at the sharp call of his name. A short man with black curly hair protruding out of a tan cap elbowed his way through the crowd of lounging men to greet him. Robert recognized him as one of the few civilian passengers who boarded their one of the trio of steam boats. He offered his hand for a shake, and Robert graciously accepted, squinting in the sunlight. \"Edward Pearce.\" The shorter man stated after retracting his hand. \"Special assignment from Harper's Weekly .\" \" Harper's Weekly !\" Robert exclaimed in surprise. Good, the regiment deserved publicity. The man gave a short, dismissive nod. \"Serving an entire nation.\" His voice allowed no silliness, all work. \"A million loyal readers want to know what happens when the Fifty-Fourth see action.\" Ah, the white VS black. Robert's lips displayed a small smile of amusement. \"A million and one.\" He angled his body towards Forbes, who was waiting patiently for him to finish. \"Well, you'd want to see this.\" With a nod, he gave Forbes his cue, and history was made right on the steamer packet. \"Attention…company!\" Rawlins was simply minding his own business. It was an ordinary day, hot as hell, like he said – ordinary. The only thing unusual about it was Trip, he was awfully quiet today. Perhaps he was sick. Rawlins had been tense the entire boat ride, fearing that the boy would start trouble on deck and get them all into serious trouble – something like he would do. That was why Rawlins was surprised, when after no fiasco, his name was called. \"Rawlins! Front and center!\" Rawlins took a deep breath to steady himself, trying to appear not the least bit nervous. There was no reason, he had done nothing wrong, he told himself. The old man turned towards the direction of the voice, marching sharply to stand in front of the colonel, and the young blonde major who had spoken. \"Sir!\" He barked, as ever, alert. The blonde looked like he was trying to keep grin from sliding onto his face. It did not escape the old man's notice that in the major's hands was a small bundle of deep-blue cloth, and a thin, gleaming rapier with crimson tassels hung on the tang that danced in the wind whenever he moved. They exchanged salutes before the young man spoke again. \"Mr. Rawlins,\" he began, pulling his speech out to make it longer, \"this regiment was formed with the promise that only white officers would be commissioned to charge it.\" A leisurely grin spread across his clean-shaven face. \"Nothing was mentioned, however, about non-commissioned officers.\" Rawlins only blinked, stunned and refusing to believe. \"Therefore, in recognition for the initiative taken not only for yourself, but on behalf of the entire regiment,\" Rawlins did not care for words so large, but he could follow the major without falling behind, \"you are hereby awarded the rank of sergeant-major.\" His last words were stated with an extravagant flare of his New England accent, and he produced the sword in front of him, unfolding the blue cloth to reveal two light-blue stripes that signified the rank of sergeant. He held the offering up to Rawlins' speechless face, and the man accepted it mechanically, stunned into silence. Well, that was… unexpected . The blonde noticed his shakiness, and smiled knowingly. \"Congratulations.\" A pale hand was offered, and Rawlins accepted the sign of camaraderie, wrapping his callused, brown one and pumping the major's outstretched hand. \"Thanks.\" Rawlins whispered softly, and even though the impact of the weight of his new responsibility was unnerving, he meant it. Major Blonde saluted in denouement, and Rawlins returned it, his earthy face turning a strange shade of grey. Hip! Hip! Hooray! Was repeated thrice in his honor, and as Rawlins continued to gaze at the small, grinning group of white officers, for the first time in his life he felt that he found people who truly didn't care whether he was black or white…or red or yellow. These people understood that people were people, regardless of who they were. And Rawlins respected those beliefs, keeping his salute up longer than necessary in their honor. Rawlins was so shocked he almost didn't notice the colonel standing there, beaming silently, a few inches shorter than Major Blonde. He side stepped soldiers, taking slow, deliberate strides towards the new sergeant on steady sea legs, pausing to look at the old man's earthy face. How long ago it seemed when he first kicked him on the shattered battlefield of Antietam. How odd it was that things should turn out this way. \"Congratulations.\" Colonel Shaw said simply, shaking his hand firmly. Rawlins did not mean to sound ungrateful, but the sudden change of status had made him feel vulnerable. What if he wasn't capable of being in charge of men. Fellow blacks? What if he brought more damage than good? He parted his lips, his mouth full of sawdust. The colonel noticed and lowered his ear towards his mouth, waiting for the fellow officer to speak. \"I'm not sure I'm wantin' this, C-colonel.\" He stuttered, not wanting him to misinterpret and become angry. A soft chuckle rumbled in the young man's throat. He smiled, without a trace of annoyance, just a look of sheer understanding. \"I know exactly how you feel.\" Short Round. *Spanish Sunrise is stealing from Indiana Jones again.* That was his name. It wasn't the fanciest thing in the world, but that was the only one he got, and the eight year old boy was more than proud of it. Of course, it was pretty obvious how he got it. Throughout his so-far so-short life, he lived up to the name. Just barely above the four-foot picket fence that served as decoration in front of the gleaming white plantation manor that was surrounded by a rather sinister, tall, wall. Shorty was also kinda chubby, but he would never admit that out loud. Today was different. There he was, kicking around fat white geese which were just as round as he was, trying to avoid Lacey's kisses that she blew to him, a skinny African girl who was exactly his age. To be honest, he was scared of her. He had seen her take down Dirk, a BIG kid, because he stole her molasses sugar cookie once. To be honest, Shorty would be fine with living the rest of his life without having experienced such a fate. So anywho, he was babysitting a clan of possessed gooses – as he preferred to call 'em, the word 'geese' really didn't make any sense – humming 'My Country Tis of Thee' a song that his teacher Miss Forten had taught him at school, when all of a sudden, he hears drummin'. He thought it was just the Rebels, movin' up North, but to his surprise, the drumming grew louder. And louder. And louder. Until just down the road he could she a large splotch of navy blue forming. Growing bigger by the second. When he squinted, he found out something so astonishing he almost fell backwards off of the whitewashed fence he had been sitting on this lazy afternoon. The men, well he'd be darned, they sure weren't white boys. They were…perhaps he was imag'ing again…brown people. Brown as…as…well, himself. But they weren't slaves, they weren't contrabands that were being pulled of the fields by the hundreds thanks to the Yankee army. They were gonna whup the Secess' for sure. Ain't no way these were local boys. Shorty sprang up as if stung. Quickly he cupped his work-ridden hands over his lips and bellowed the names of the children who were working the courtyard. He had to show them the sight, they'd think he was bulling if he told 'em that he seen brown-faces in blue suits. Hell, he didn't believe it himself! And if his momma were to read his thoughts and hear him say 'hell', she'd wear him out with a cornstalk for sure. They were getting closer, and by the proud setting of their jaws, Short Round could tell that they meant business. His friends materialized around him, and all stared slack-jawed at the awe-inspiring procession before them. In the lead were a few young white men, all dressed up in deep blue suits and shiny brass buttons that looked like they were made of gold, gleaming elegantly in the sunlight. However, Shiloh was more surprised to see a girl in a blue coat, too. What? Girls can't fight! How did she get into the army? She was laughing with a blonde officer, at least a head taller than her, but when she felt Shorty's eyes on her, she smiled at him and even waved a little. He waved back mechanically, emotionally dumbfounded by this odd group of…er…people. One of the black officers on the outskirts of the marching rows stopped before Shiloh, a kind smile on his weathered face as he bent over to his height. Shiloh blinked and the old man laughed, patting his head. \"That's right, honeys.\" He grinned, his eyes scanning the small crowd of children. \"Ain't no dream. We runaway slaves but we come back fightin' men.\" Shorty gaped, he wanted to go with them too. \"Run on an' tell your folks how kingdom come in the year of jubilee!\" He turned and spun away, the magic moment broken by the marching drums. Shorty just stared, before erupting in a cheer and waving his arms goodbye wildly, the other kids following his lead. Well, that sure ain't somethin' you see ev'ry day. Thomas was in a good mood. He had a spring in his step and a grin on his face as he marched beside the regiment's newest sergeant, Sergeant – Major John Rawlins. He saluted him repeatedly to show respect, and occasionally dropped a hint or two how he hoped that he would not take the dreaded Mulcahy as an example. Thomas shuddered slightly, but that did not dampen his mood. He loved the attention. It felt like wherever they went everyone's eyes were drawn to them. It didn't matter what their opinions were – as long as they noticed. And a lot of people did notice. Notice enough to jog beside the team of African American soldiers and question them curiously. Thomas smiled at the word he just mentally used – team – after all, that's what they were, a team . \"Who are these ragamuffins?\" Thomas spoke to Rawlins out of the corner of his mouth, once out of earshot of round brown faces with eager smiles that watched them in astonishment. \"Contrabands.\" The new sergeant replied, who had spoken with a few of the said ragamuffins already. \"Right outta the fields.\" \"Hey!\" Thomas turned to find a skinny brown boy with childish features. \"Hey old man, where from?\" Thomas noticed the boy's eyes linger on the powder blue rank stripes on Rawlins' arm. Thomas grinned at him, his voice displaying northern pride when he named his home state. \"Massachusetts.\" The boy's eyes held no trace of recognition, and Thomas, though understandably, found it odd that he had never heard of MA. \"Oona marches better than we. Oona march like the buckra souljas.\" Thomas almost didn't notice the older, uneducated man beside the boyish youth. He was not familiar with this…'terminology'…and he furrowed his dark brow in confusion. \"I beg your pardon?\" \"Says we march like white soldiers.\" Rawlins explained, using a tone that implied it was the most obvious thing on earth. The youth nodded wildly. \"Even talk like the buckra soulja!\" Thomas was amused by his starry-eyed excitement. \"Where're you from?\" \"All round about hyah.\" He motioned with his hands to express his point. \"We in the field when the yankee-man come. Say we soldiers!\" If possible, his grin widened so much Thomas worried that he would permanently disfigure his face. \"How you like the army, contraband?\" Rawlins inquired, amused at his childlike eagerness. \" Love it!\" The other contraband was eager to get his two cents in. \"We thank the Lord every day for the good vittles and these beautiful clothes!\" Thomas chuckled, because he was educated by the Shaw family and using common sense paired with context clues, was glad he understood the man. \"Tell true old man, this year, ev'ry day like Kismas.\" That one was a little bit harder. \"Like what?\" Rawlins smiled, his eyes straight ahead. \"Like Christmas.\" Thomas chuckled at himself. \"Oh.\" Beaufort, South Carolina June 9th 1863 Let's face it. Time travel. Is. Awesome. Thank you, Doc. I felt a lot better after we got off of that godforsaken steam boat and then we hiked for a few miles into this really cool, plantation-looking neighborhood with a lot of white field – cotton? King Cotton truly was king of the south, or so I heard. There were some pretty modest wrought-iron fences, but those fenced gradually turned into harsh, sinister stone walls. I got Forbes' attention by tugging on his coat, seeing that we were riding horse – ugh – again. Forbes had totally forgotten me even though I was clinging to him like a 'woman of low standards' because he was too busy eyeing everything that wore a skirt, despite his fading black eye, it was pretty obvious that Forbes was all that. I tugged on his sleeve this time. \"Yo, Fabio!\" \"Me?\" Honestly, how many people are riding this here horse buddy? Of course you. In his defense, he sounded like he had been partially asleep. \"Yeah.\" I retorted, while staring at the scenery bustling with people who looked like they were getting ready for a par-tay. \"Listen. I've been thinking…\" \"Never a good sign.\" I gestured wildly at the wall, ignoring his sarcasm which, I grudgingly admitted to myself a few months before, was way wittier than mine. \"The stone wall. I mean, I know good fences make good neighbors, but ain't that a little too high-tech?\" He actually turned in the saddle to look at me, his facial expression incredulous as he wondered whether or not I was serious. When he realized I was, he muttered something along the lines of: Lord, help this girl with her ignorance. But I don't think I was supposed to hear that, after all, that's even pushing it for him . \"Alex, these are slave plantations.\" He explained like it was obvious. Even though it kind of was, I'm just demented. \"It wasn't built to keep anything out , it was built to keep slaves in .\" \"Oh.\" \"Mmm-hmmm.\" \"Thanks for clearing that up.\" \"Right.\" I really should brush up on history if I ever return to…*swallow*…the future. Really, where is Marty? He's a little overdue for his bi-monthly visit. Hell, he never shows up. But I still have to ask him something very, very important. So sorry this chapter was boring…I promise it will get waay better in the next chapter…which…I might add…includes Charlotte Forten! *Does excited-happy dance.*[Chapter 41] Happy New Year! If you want to survive 2012, better go find John Cusack. Lol. Now, I know that I deserve to be burned at the stake for this, or some other form of Dark Ages torture that you find more suitable, but I beg thee to reconsider. I know I haven't updated in a few millennia, but times are hard. Especially when you are recovering from a horribly yucky experience involving a virus and hospital Jell-o, especially when you go back to school and all your AP classes decide it would be fun to bombard you with unnecessary essays and note-taking and whatnot. I feel so dead. But unfortunately, I hear that college – which is not very far away at all – is so much more worse. Anywho. I'm sorry if this chapter is horrible, it's quiet long on Microsoft, and I really hope I can update within the next two weeks. But all in all, forgive me for my shortcomings. :) Off to watch illegal suburban fireworks. Enjoy! :) BTW, sorry if I missed anyone on the replies, and thank you all so much for your wonderful support and get-wells! Bless you all! CarminaxBuranax : Thank you so much for all your worrying, cheking-up-on, and support! You're awesome Emma! LifttheWings : Haha, if he holds your hair back, definitely a keeper, eh? :) Smartyjonescrzy : Ugh, what can I say, long time no type, eh? I will definitely have to check back up on the whole Calamity Jane masterpiece you're currently working on. Which, by the way, is awesome. And thanks so much for all your support. :) BTW, how's your college going? :) Lovemusic2 : Thanks for all your support, I'm just itching to write the Charlotte Forten scenes. :) IceDragonofDarkness : Is it just me or did your name change again? :D lol, THANKS! Crystal Vice : I have not heard of Allons-y Allonso, but I shall have to look him up! :) AnimeGirl1220 : Thank you! I so can't wait for your update! Still No Account : Lol, Forrest Gump is pure awesomeness, eh? :D Hrh101 : Thank you! :) Wolfpirate13 : Thank you! But I'm still sorry it took so long. :) Samantha Story : 104? Wow, you *are* a survivor, Girl! :) TheTordNation : Lol, thank you for such kindred support, my dear TordNation, you're awesome as ever. :) Jazmonsterr : Thank you so much for all your support and prayers Jazmonsterr! :) BreeilnaBane : Lol, yes there were plenty of cookies involved, but unfortunately, they were the ones that come from the hospital cafeteria. :/D Kiralol101 : Thank you for the get well wishes! :) BeagleBug : Thank you so much for all your warm support, BeagleBug, and God bless you toO! :) Clark3 : Thank you so much for your well-wishing and patience, I know it's been forever! :) SimplyMonkey : Thank you! HoneyBee4eva : Thank you so much for the well-wishing, definitely never fun being sick. :p BK Love-ah : Thanks a bunch! Wegotthelove : Thank you so much! I'm so glad that I was able to inspire you to write, it's always a pleasure to see more glory stories, and I'll be sure to read yours. :) Clevernugget : Thank you for such an informative opinion. :) Your get well soon was a really great motivator, and I hope I'll be able to make you 'stand up and cheer' some more. :) Eyak : I'm so glad you liked it, and yes I will definitely finish this story, it's so far in it would be a waste not to. :) MaryFairy : Thank you! I'm glad you think so. :) If I accidently dropped a rock on Andrews' head, would that be considered attempting murder? As tempting as it sounds, why take the risk? So we were stationed outside this really huge white plantation house (the phrase Forbes used was 'Antebellum Manors') making it sound all high-toned and fancy. Everybody was minding their own businesses, unpacking their own tents – even the officers, no more barracks, means no more sleeping with Forbes and Charlie. Um….ignore that. So anyway, like I said while everybody was minding their own business unpacking things, Lieutenant Andrews pulled me aside and forced me to help him. And when I started to whine about it – honestly, who'd want to hang out with a doctor who possessed no people skills whatsoever – he tattled on me to Robert. Robert 'frowned upon' me and told me that I'd better do it or else he would…I high-tailed outta there before he could finish his sentence. No doubt it would have involved horrible four-letter words like 'wash' and 'iron.' Why did he take Andrews' side? Now that stupid goat is smirking at me in triumph. What if he made me do some unspeakable thing – like organize the medical cabinet? It would be utterly destroyed by the time I finished and Rob would yell at me for it. Speaking of goats, sometimes when Andrews pisses me off (which is 99.9% of the time I spend in his 'agreeable' company) I imagine him as a crossover between Commodore Norrington and that creepy, pedophilic mountain goat in Hoodwinked . I snuck a look at Andrews' Norringtonish face. By personality, you've got the Norrington nailed down to a T, butt-face, but we're gonna have to work on your 'commodore part' a little more. I accidently dropped a wooden bowl and it clambered on the dusty ground. You'd think I shot the sheriff by the way Andrews reacted. But I didn't shoot no deputy. \"Miss Janeiro!\" He barked at me, snatching his precious bowl off the ground. \"You're no more careful than a child!\" Finally, we agree on something. \"Geez, I'm sorry.\" I muttered, reaching for the bowl. Seriously, it wasn't as if I dropped a priceless Ming vase. When I tried to take it from him, his eyes widened as he continued to examine the bloody medicine bowl. \"Look!\" He shrieked. \"What is this, Miss Janeiro?\" I stared at the sullied bowl. \"A crack.\" \"Yes!\" He needed a chill pill. \"Look at it! A crack! On a wooden bowl! How does one manage to do that?\" Well I've managed to burn water before – how the fudge do you burn water? – so this is no surprise. \"A bloody crack right there on the top!\" My eyesight's as good as ever just so you know. \"Well, look on the bright side, Lieutenant! Your medicine bowl now looks artistically unique.\" Andrews stared at me; that probably wasn't what he wanted to hear. \"'Unique' here meaning 'broken.'\" \"Lieutenant, it's only a bowl .\" He got pissed when I called him 'Andrews' to his face. Ha! If only he knew what I called him behind his back. Oops. He rolled his eyes up at the ceiling. I looked up there too, but I didn't see anything. \"That's not the point.\" He replied flatly. Then he shook his head. \"Never you mind. Fetch me some towels.\"` Do this, do that. Mind if I shine your shoes too , sir? I told him 'one moment please' only it came out sounding like 'go get it yourself.' Honestly, this place was a tomb. I'm going to hang out with Trip in the make-shift cafeteria, where it's fun. Just as I was about to ditch Andrews, this round woman in an apron and her late sixties ran inside the large medical tent. Andrews said hello in a civil manner, but then barked at the maid for not knocking. We definitely need to work on those people skills. Besides, how the hell do you knock on a tent ? \"Sir, I am looking for one Miss Janeiro.\" She explained in a thick Irish accent. I perked up. \"She's to 'ttend at the evenin' ball tonight. In 'onor of the comin' of the northern armies.\" Whose idea was that? Andrews nodded, as if he owned me and had the choice of letting me go or not. \"Take her away, if you must.\" The lady turned to me, impatiently reaching for my arm. \"Come, come, lassie.\" Geez, I was a dog around here. She was dragging a very clueless mwah out of the tent when Andrews' annoyingly English-ish accent with a nasal twinge stopped us. \"I do hope you will learn feminine manners, Miss Janeiro, and learn to control you temper instead of bantering with superior officers.\" He was talking about himself and his phenomenal lack of comebacks. \"Or you could surrender.\" I shot back, rushing away before he could think of another comeback. It was Robert who suggested that Miss Janeiro attend the ball tonight, though just why he did it he hadn't the slightest idea. He had been invited by a message being delivered directly to his tent by a private of the neighboring regiments who did not look a day over sixteen. Lied his way into the army, no doubt. Robert had debated on whether or not he should accept, being the socially inept that he was, but after rereading the letter printed on Union stationary, he realized that it was obvious that the ball was nothing if not mandatory. And he grudgingly dispatched a reply which he sent back with the boy. He had been thinking of Miss Janeiro ever since the minor incident aboard the steamer. It had surprised him how much time he spent afterwards worrying about her health status, interrogating the smirking Forbes repeatedly on whether or not she was truly all right. After all, even though Robert had admitted to himself that he loved her once, which had just been spur-of-the-moment thinking. As a teen studying in New York, Paris, and Harvard, he had repeatedly claimed to have fallen in love with a young woman at a ball one night, and then completely forgetting about her before the week was out. It aggravated him that no matter how much he told himself that he could not stand Miss Janeiro, images of the ribbon he gave her tied around her dark hair always wormed their way into his open mind. Robert stood up from a chair in his new tent quarters and paced the room, running his fingers through his hair. How could he get out of this situation? How could he – Robert's eyes fell upon his wooden writing desk. A feathery quill pen sat in a dip of fresh ink beside several sheets of unused parchment paper. He had left them out since he penned the note of thanks for the invitation. An idea brightened up his clouded mind. Robert attacked the pen, watching the ink drip down on the parchment paper. Yes! Writing always helped! He would simply write another letter to his worrying mother and Miss Janeiro would leave his mind alone. Instead, without really realizing, he sat there staring at the wall, his hand moving about the paper, the pen making scratchy sounds on the sheet. Occasionally he dipped the tip into the black ink well, but that was pretty much it. Robert supposed that the reason he felt obligated to bring Miss Janeiro to the ball was because she was a young woman who had spent so many months in the company of rowdy men, and she deserved to be on the dazzling night of the social scene once again – after all, isn't that what women liked? Silk gown and waltzes? Besides, he pitied her, and it would be a breath of fresh air for her to get out once in a while. He was sure she missed being in the presence of normal society again. Robert removed his pen from the parchment sheet, focusing on what he wrote. When he could make out the words, he gasped in panic, almost spilling ink on his desk as he dropped the pen into the ink well in alarm. There, scrawled in elegant script that took him years of penmanship practice with his governess, were several neat lines of two words repeating themselves. Alexandra Janeiro. Alexandra Janeiro. Alexandra Janeiro. Damn it! She infested his mind like sharks in Atlantic waters! Roberts initial idea was to crumple the sheet up, or tear it apart into hundreds of tiny pieces, or better still, burn it. But before he did that, he just needed to get one thing straight. That he was the ruler of his thoughts, not his young, amusing, camp aide. Madly, he dipped the pen in the sticky ink again, turning the paper over and jabbing the tip harshly across the paper. He began to write – one of the things he was quite good at, actually – something that he needed his stubborn brain, head, mind, heart, soul – whatever – to understand. I do not love her. Over and over, he wrote that phrase. I do not love her. When he was satisfied with the seemingly thousands of repetitive phrases, he blew on the paper, damp and heavy from drying ink, before turning it back over to the Miss Janeiro side. He was just about to proceed in destroying it when he heard Forbes screaming his name panickingly outside of his tent. Robert rushed out, alarmed at the panic in his friend's voice, but after finding out that it was just another one of the major's practical jokes – and then proceeding to spend the next five minutes calling Forbes several unspeakable names, Robert stormed back inside, in no mood for bloody games. He set about preparing himself for the ball, feeling more than a tad bit ridiculous. He told Forbes to do the same, and pass the word down to Charles. As he pulled on a fresh shirt, he completely forgot about the scandalous paper on his desk – with Miss Janeiro's name written in his graceful script. The Irish lady led me passed Union soldiers, black and white, up white marble steps of the plantation house, and through the 'lobby.' The house was fairly deserted, except for a few officers and women lingering inside, all who stared at me oddly. I didn't even have time to stare open-mouthed at the grandeur and splendor of the mansion, feeling as if I was in Ashley Wilkes' house, as the maid-lady towed me up a gorgeous marble staircase to the second floor, down a few halls and into a large, extravagant room with flowery wall paper. There were two other maids there, both of whom looked just a few years older than me. Linda led me past them and through another door. Bright light hit me as I was pushed in to the steam-filled room, and using my handy-dandy Sherlockian deductive skills, I deduced that we must be in somebody's bathroom. Wait a minute, the bath was for me. There was a small mirror in the bathroom, and I turned to look at it. I yelped. Oh my God it's Sweeney Todd! But a second later I realized it was only me. My hair was a dark, crazy mess all over my head – but no way did it look sexy like it did on Johnny Depp. I looked like a druggee homeless person. My eyes were a dark blue – which normally would be something to be proud of – but unfortunately at the moment it looked like twin bruises, sunken deep into my skull. I looked emaciated, but the old woman assured me it was just the lighting. I hope so. The old woman, which I later found out was called Linda, shouted at one of the maids, a red-haired girl. \"Niamh! Don't jes stand thar, 'elp 'er.\" Niamh, a Celtic name, must have been Irish as well. I wanted to say that it wasn't necessary, but I was stunned into shocked silence as Niamh tugged my jacket off, the other girl bending to work on my Converse, and Linda disappearing for a moment in the steam. \"Whoa, what are you guys doing?\" I am so Captain Obvious. Niamh scrunched her nose at my Union jacket, then told the other girl, Josephine, that she should wash my clothes. Josephine had finally succeeded in removing my sneakers when Linda returned. She started to pull my T-shirt over my head. \"Whoa! Ladies, I can do that myself, my hands work just fine, thank you.\" Linda let out a huff. \"Be quiet, dearie.\" I heard her mutter something about backwoods white trash. Love you too. The women giggled at me as I continuously slapped Linda away from the danger zone of my pants. Honestly, you have no idea how humiliating this was! She got me out of my clothes, me hiding in the steam with the last ounce of pride I had left, and threw the clothes at the amused Josephine and Niamh, wondering out loud at 'the strange contraption' that she held in her hand which was only…oh I don't know…just my BRA! Geez lady, I'm going to die of humiliation – a terrible disease to be sure. She then, to my utter relief, told Niamh and Josephine to scram. She turned back to me and pushed me into the steam. I coughed a little bit, but the back of my knees touched the edge of something and I fell over backwards into a large tub filled with very hot – hot –HOT water! I screamed for a second, and in the next room I heard the voices of the girls, talking as they did my laundry. \"Niamh, you made the water too hot!\" Josephine giggled. Niamh's voice was apologetic but equally amused. \"It will cool down.\" \"Eventually.\" Another round of giggles. I don't even know those two, and somehow, I'm almost positive that I'll never live this down. Linda then proceeded to scrub my back fiercely, and I yelped, for a moment even wondering if she was a distant relative of Edward Scissorhands, perhaps she had scissors that I failed to notice. In all honesty, it felt like she was scraping my back raw, my whole body burned already because of Niamh's water-heating skills, and on top of that it felt like I was receiving a third-degree sun-burn by a freaking sponge. Honestly, just because I wear jeans doesn't mean I don't know how to take a shower! My hygiene skills work just fine, thank you. When Linda had finished stripping the flesh off of my back, she moved on to my arms, raking each one like leaves, then my legs and feet. I prayed to God she wouldn't make a move on my torso – and He delivered – she left it alone. I would have drawn the line there even if she threatened to drown me, kicking and screaming. Finally, she poured some thick and gooey liquid that had the consistency of honey on to my wet hair, which I gathered was the Victorian version of shampoo. After she was done lathering *cough cough* yanking out *cough cough* my hair, she told me I could relax in the (boiling – if I may add) water for a few minutes while she went and searched for *insert word that does not reside in my futuristic vocabulary.* You know, judging by the way they take baths here, no wonder the poor people have lice and dysentery, and not just because of the war. I looked around the bathroom, which was so elegant and fancy looking it was difficult to describe. Washing it required a lot of work. Apparently, the only way to get clean here is to be filthy rich. The water, like Niamh laughingly promised, had cooled down to a comfortable degree, but I hardly got a chance to relax when Linda returned with Josephine and Niamh, who had apparently finished washing my clothes – thanks. Linda held a large, white-cloth towel, and she told me to get up. I demanded that she give me the towel and for the three of them to turn around while I climbed out of the wood-and-iron tub. I wrapped the towel securely about my shoulders, my skin covering with thousands of goose bumps in the sudden coolness of the air. \"Okay.\" I said. Linda turned around, and immediately wrapped another, smaller towel around my damp hair, and – groan – began drying it so fiercely I thought I was going to lose my scalp. She led me out of the bathroom, and threw a lacy bundle of what looked like the 1800's version of underwear at me. I looked at it, no bra – no briefs, just long lacy pants and a peasant top. I asked for my own underclothes, and after whining for a few minutes, Josephine returned them to me. Even though they were still damp from their wash, I pulled them on. After all, underwear is a basic human right. Linda made me put on the knee – length capris-like linen pants and lacy peasant top on anyway. Well, if you wish. After that, she did something unspeakable – literally, I was so air-deprived for a few minutes that I could not say a word. She made me hold on to a bed post, then she put a cage around my torso. Tighter and tighter she pulled. Several times I gasped and felt like I would pass out, she loosened up a bit, but not much. I should have asked this question earlier but – why were they doing this? She pulled on the silk stays and then tied them securely in what I guessed was a really fancy bow – I couldn't see my back, you know. Now there's a shocker! Then, before I had time to react and try to adjust to the corset, she pulled this flexible, metal thing over my head. It was like wearing a metal cage for a skirt. I was too shocked to say anything, but apparently it was meant to poofen up the skirts. Really, whose stuff am I wearing right now? Next she pulled a satin petticoat over my head – it was kind of like a really thin dress. But for the final touch, she brought out a buttery-yellow silk-looking dress, gesturing at it with a proud flourish. I gasped – which wasn't a really good idea since I was wearing the stupid corset – because it was the most beautiful dress – besides Kate Middleton's wedding gown – that I've ever seen. It was shiny because of the silk, and it was off – the –shoulder. In truth, it looked like the dress Belle wore in the Disney version of Beauty and the Beast. Yellow silk festooned in elegant dips and bows all around the skirt that I just continued to stare at it before it was lifted over my head and pulled down over my body. I didn't deserve anything so beautiful. It was a little showy, cleavage–exposing. I felt uncomfortable about it, and I pulled it almost to my neck. Linda frowned and pulled it down, exposing cleavage I did not know I had. I can't even begin to describe how awkward this is. I pulled up and she pulled down, until we finally agreed on a height that was slightly exposing and yet still covering quite a bit. \"There is nothing wrong with a woman being proud of what she has.\" Linda explained. Really? Did you know that that's how they feel about boobs here? In the future you'd be labeled a skank for the rest of your days. Then she led me to a vanity and pushed me down on the chair. She turned me away from the mirror and then barked at Josephine to find some slippers. She waddled around in search for a brush and comb, before she vigorously began untangling the watery waves out of my hair, straightening it to a sleek, black shine. Niamh suddenly appeared holding a skinny, black metal stick about the length from my wrist to my elbow. She grabbed a piece of my drying hair and wrapped it around the stick. Ah! I know what that was! It's a curling iron! Duh, Rio, duh. Now obviously it did not have a cord, this being before Thomas Edison, so I guessed that they put it on a hot stove before curling. It took half a damn hour and she was finally done. No hairspray, no big surprise, but she dusted my hair with something powdery that disintegrated when it touched the strands – I guessed that was their version of hairspray. Linda then put a thousand combs and pins into my hair, pulling it up into a fancy Cinderella bun. On to the makeup. All she did was rub something white into my face that smelled like jasmine, muttering all the while about what a terrible tan I had received. She didn't touch my lips or my eyes or my cheeks. Weird – I was expecting to have a five-inch layer of glob on my face – but no. Out of curiosity, I asked her. \"Pale complexions are what distinguishes ladies from white trash.\" Linda eyed me with a sneer. \"I don't know what women in the north do, but the ladies of the south do not wear rouge – we do not like to be confused with women of ill repute.\" It sounded weird for her to use so large words. \"Oh.\" I said dumbly. Josephine stooped down and lifted the hem of my skirt a little bit, pulling on soft, silk slippers over my feet. This type of treatment was humiliating, but it was such a nice change from holey rubber Converse and hard-denim skinny jeans. And for once, my hair was truly clean! Linda pulled me out of the chair and led me to a full length mirror. Before I could look, she made me pull on a pair of elbow-length, white silk gloves. A strand of pearls was clasped around my neck – I was told the lady of the house insisted that I be treated like a queen. Thanks lady. It felt so odd to feel so feminine again, and I was mature enough not to mind wearing the corset or the dress. In all honesty, it felt good. Linda turned me to look at the mirror… …and I gasped. The girl that met my reflection was not me. She was something out of Gone with the Wind. She did not look like she spent a single day working, or being clumsy. She looked like someone who hung on the arms of handsome gentlemen and spent her days playing the piano. This was not Alexandra 'Rio' Janeiro, it was Scarlett O'Hara reincarnate. At least it was until I tripped over the hem of my skirt and almost fell into the mirror, trying to get a closer look. No, this was still 'Miss Janeiro.' I doubted that Vivien Leigh ever fell in a mirror. Charlotte Forten was thrilled when she received news about the coming of the Fifty-Fourth. She was glad that her fellow African Americans would have a chance to prove themselves in war. In preparation for their arrival, she and her school students worked vigorously to learn 'My Country Tis of Thee' to perform in front of the officers at the Beaufort ball tonight. Charlotte was not surprised by how well her students had mastered the song. They stood in slightly-crooked, chubby little rows with brown faces and opened mouths, and such expressions on their faces as if their singing was deciding the fate of the world. Charlotte smiled at them encouragingly, waving her right hand gracefully like an orchestra conductor. \"My country tis of thee….\" Charlotte left her family in Salem, after begging her father to allow her to join a teaching program created by Boston abolitionists, and here she was shown the much-craved respect by many white families and soldiers of the Union army. Of course, not all were too impressed with the prospect of a black teacher. \"…sweet land of liberty….\" One late afternoon, several black slaves along with their Confederate masters had broken into her school house, terrorizing the children and threatening to burn it down if she did not return to Massachusetts. A few hours later when she was riding home, the same group had stopped her again. Since that day, Miss Forten took to carrying a gun beneath her skirts at all times. \"…of thee I sing.\" Charlotte eyed one of her most eccentric students, Shorty, one who always chattered through class and hardly ever practiced his penmanship. He had forgotten the words again, mouthing 'watermelon peach apple watermelon peach' repeatedly over and over again, something he always did during poem recitals because that particular set of words would fool anyone inexperienced lip-reader into believing he was saying the actual words. \"Land where my father died…\" Forten continued to wave her right hand gracefully into the air, all the while staring at her dumbfounded student. \"…land of the pilgrims pride…\" Shorty must have felt her attention, for his eyes darted to her. \"…from every mountainside…\" Charlotte knitted her shapely dark eyebrows together, and like magic, Shorty's lips began to produce the correct lyrics. \"…let freedom ring.\" Charlotte dropped her hand gracefully, beaming proudly at her students. Applause fluttered through the air and some of the children bowed, their lips parting to reveal toothy grins. Charlotte was more than proud of them, and would have to congratulate them at the school house on Monday. She clapped too. Well done. Forbes stared dumbly at the flute of champagne in his white-gloved hand. He looked handsome and dashing – so said the mirror. He had cleaned up and shaved and brushed his hair, he even adorned a fresh, sophisticated blue suit, toping it off with wrist-length white gloves. But what good was it? Robert had all but nailed his feet to the bloody floor. \"Stay put!\" He ordered, probably not wanting to look like a socially inept fool amidst the dancing couples, after all, misery loves company. Forbes grumbled about it quite a bit, glancing longingly at the countless lovely ladies with sooty lashes and sultry pouting lips. But his mood lightened up considerably when they brought out the champagne. Forbes did not bother to keep his love for alcohol a secret, and it created quite the scandal back home in Boston. For the first twenty dull minutes of the bloody ball, he, Charlie, and Robert stood in the corner motionless, like three fools who lost the ability to communicate. They were stared at oddly by wallflower women who were in want of a partner, and Forbes would have been more than happy to oblige had not his superior officer threatened a flogging should he leave. Forbes knew that Robert's so-called 'threats' were seriously empty, he was never good at bribing, threatening, or manipulating – poor man – but it still annoyed him immensely. Charlie did not seem to mind – but hell, when did he ever mind? Fortunately, a few minutes later Robert was called for an introduction, and Forbes transferred from the glowing Chinese lanterns that danced in the wind to Robert's retreating back, smirking at it because he received a splendid idea. Robert had told him not to leave, but fortunately, he failed to specify what location he and Charlie should remain at. They way Forbes saw it, eyeing the Colonel's unsuspecting back, he was free to roam about the ballroom as long as he did not leave the premises. How he loved finding loopholes in Robert's straightforward commands! \"Forbes?\" The voice was feminine, soft - yet scratchy, and both he and Charlie turned around to gaze at the source. A smiling young woman in a pale, buttery dress looked at them. Her dark hair was pinned up and in a large, curly mass atop her head, a few stray strands falling down the shoulder and towards – Forbes did not fail to notice – the pleasantly low neckline of the bodice of the sating evening gown. Forbes bowed in politeness, wondering how she knew his name. \"Good evening, madam.\" It was his 'perfect gentlemen' act, which Charlie knew about, who was smirking at him from the side. The woman rolled her eyes. \"Don't you dare say you don't recognize me, of all people.\" Forbes' eyebrows almost touched his hairline. \"Pardon? I – er – have we met?\" Charlie was almost laughing. The young woman smiled. \"I should say so.\" She tossed a look at Charlie. \"I know your deepest desire and your darkest fear.\" She laughed mockingly. Forbes gripped the stem of the champagne flute, nervous. Charlie noticed and came to his rescue. \"Forbes, it's Alex.\" The woman – or Alex – laughed along with the captain, nodding her head. \"Good God, Alex, is that really you?\" \"You clean up nice, too, Forbes.\" She said, her tongue between her teeth. \"Alex, what have they done to you?\" Forbes pretended to be fearful, and dizzy. He turned and grabbed Charlie's arm. \"Quick, Charlie, we must get drunk immediately!\" Robert was not used to being around so much people, but he smiled and nodded at passing people – he even danced occasionally – though he must say that the best dancer in Beaufort was a lovely soft-spoken Jewish girl that let him lead instead of the other way around. Still, out of courtesy, he remained social and polite, even though his mind was on other, more serious things than champagne and ball gowns. His hands were clasped behind his back, and he kept his eyes on the large group of colored children that were singing a hymn with earnest expressions on their round faces. Robert smiled softly, clapping when they finished their childlike version of 'My Country Tis of Thee' and turned away as the band resumed their waltz music. \"Splendid.\" Robert turned to the man beside him, General Harker, who had been positioned in these parts for several months now. Harker had a cigar in his mouth, but he nodded in agreement, taking it out and blowing thick grey smoke into the night air before he spoke. \"They've been working for weeks in anticipation for your arrival. Robert smiled at that. \"We're all very excited to have you here, Shaw.\" The general added in a tone too flat to sound excited, dispassionately placing his cigar back in and pushing it into the corner of his mouth. He must have noticed Robert's perplexed expression as he continued to gaze bemusedly at the class of colored children. \"Lincoln's idea.\" He explained in disinterest. \"Hired a group of New Englanders to teach our coloreds how to read and right.\" He turned his body slightly to glance at a colored woman who was smiling and speaking to a small group of white aristocrats. \"Just your sort of people I should say.\" Harker pointed at him with the burning end of his cigar. \"I insist on introducing you to one of them.\" Rob bowed his head. \"Thank you.\" With a short nod, Harker turned away, staring at the glowing neighborhood of tan tents in the far off distance. \"Your regiment should enjoy your stay here.\" \"Yes, I'm sure we'll have a fine time.\" Robert could feel Forbes smirking into his back from his post by the buffet table without turning around. He glanced up at the general's wrinkled face, pointedly ignoring the major. \"But that's not why we're here.\" Harker seemed to choke on the smoke, ripping the cigar out of his mouth and offering a few feeble laughs. \"Yes, well. Can't promise you much action.\" He waved his cigar towards the tents in the distance. \"Just having the coloreds around seemed to have scared the bejesus out of the Rebs.\" Again, he laughed anxiously. Robert opened his mouth to protest when he was called away by a sharp shout of his name. \"Colonel Shaw!\" \"Excuse me.\" The general said from his side, eager to get away. They exchanged nods and he rushed off into the direction of the young African-American woman. \"I'd like you to meet some of our instructors.\" Robert's attention was snared by an old man with white hair whom he had spoken with not ten minutes ago. \"Doctor Thorp, of Salem.\" \"My pleasure, Colonel.\" Thorp was short, but his words were precise and his handshake was strong, he behaved like a military man. Robert smiled, returning the handshake. \"Pleasure.\" \"And Doctor Rogers, of Philadelphia.\" Added the man who was assigned to make introductions at balls, also known as the Dance Instructor. Doctor Rogers turned out to be a tall, thin man with small eyes and a large smile. \"I know and admire your parents.\" \"You do, sir?\" Robert grinned, for every child yearns to here of their mother and father when they're far from home. \"Why, thank you, sir.\" Out of the corner of his eye, Robert noticed the young Jewish woman that he danced with earlier, Madeline, standing behind Doctor Rogers who was no doubt her father, her gaze lowered submissively to the floor. \"Oh, good. They finally left him alone.\" Forbes grinned, reaching for my arm. He had been staring at Robert for ten minutes now, muttering something about how he'd better quit talking because he was getting impatient. \"Now's your chance.\" \"What?\" I asked, letting him lead me somewhere I would most likely regret. \"To Robert. He must see this.\" The corner of Forbes' mouth quirked up in amusement. \"On ze double.\" We ditched Charlie, and I had a sinking feeling as Forbes towed me to Robert, who by the way, looked hot. He was wearing that funky hat with the black feather curling downwards in the back. He was wearing a different uniform, still a deep, midnight blue, but with bright gold tassels hanging from the shoulders. He looked as elegant as Jude Law and as smart Dr. House, if not significantly less get-out-of-my-damned-wayish. \"Fix your face!\" Forbes ordered suddenly. Insulted, I let a hand fly to touch my cheek. \"What, exactly, is wrong with my face?\" \"The entire circulation.\" Forbes replied shortly. \"Stop gaping at the man and put on a more intelligent expression!\" I rolled my eyes. \"Robert!\" Forbes called out to him, and Matthew Broderick turned around. He frowned when he saw Forbes. \"I thought I told you to stay—\" But Forbes wasn't listening – shocker there – and had already cut him off, propelling me forward. \"May I present, Miss Alexandra Janeiro.\" Robert was confused. How could this woman be Miss Janeiro? Perhaps Forbes was drunk again and severely mistaken – but no. When Robert looked closer, he saw, that it was indeed his not-so-trusty aide de camp. He gaped at her, more in surprise than astonishment. How could a person undergo such a drastic change in so few hours? \"Miss Janeiro.\" He murmured, and reflexively, he reached out for one thin gloved hand and brushed his lips against her knuckles. Wait a minute. People in the army do not kiss the hands of a person of lesser rank. That is simply unorthodox! That is beyond ridiculous, how could he just do that? In fact, why on earth was he proceeding to stand here returning her open-mouthed stare and not send her away to another errand? What was he thinking of in the first place? Apparently, his mouth decided that today was a good day to stop listening to his ranting brain. \"Miss Janeiro,\" he stated suddenly, \"would you like a dance?\" I'm sorry Robert, but could you please repeat that? Miss Janeiro has mentality issues that interfere with her non-existent ability to interpret conversation correctly. I stared at him for so long, my mind processing the phrase he had so generously bestowed on me, that the invitation was growing cold. Robert looked at me oddly, as if my mind went for a walk and he was waiting for the 'beep' to leave a message. I was suddenly afraid and very excited. I knew for a fact that I would embarrass myself, step all over his boots, and trip several times. But just the thought of dancing with Robert, like Dancing with the Stars, was all together exhilarating. I wasn't sure why though, as I watched him drop his outstretched hand, that accepting his dance request suddenly seemed very, very important. I reached my hand out. No don't pull away! \"Colonel Shaw!\" We both turned to see an ugly man with a goatee march to us with a gliding piece of arm candy. Robert ignored me completely, and the way he angled his body away from mine, I knew that the moment was over. I ruined everything again. \"Yes, General Harker.\" He smiled pleasantly. The man, Harker, immaculately dressed in a blue suit with gold tassles on his shoulders, presented the young woman on his arm, offering her hand to Robert. \"Shaw, I'd like to present Miss Charlotte Forten.\" I looked at her then, and at that first moment, something inside told me that this was by far not the last time I would see this woman. She was beautiful, naturally. Warm brown eyes, high cheek bones, and a slim, willowy figure served to enhance her prettiness. She wore a lacy dress of ivory eyelet, which was both modest and elegant. Her hair was curled into a series of ringlets, and her ultra-white smile would bring Whitney Houston to shame. But the most striking feature about her that completely distinguished her from the other dancing women was that her skin color was not pale – she was African American. I wondered how she must feel in such a racist society. If she caught me staring, or even noticed my presence at all, she didn't show it, and smiled generously when she extended her hand for Robert to salute with his lips. The awkward and dim-witted…yep that's me…were forgotten for the time being, and I took several steps back as I watched Robert and Beyonce being incircled by a small group of officers. I couldn't hear what they were saying, nor should I have cared, but I couldn't help but feel a little rejected, and an unwavering feeling of loss hung over my head, like something was stolen from me. Ridic, right? I started to walk away, but I was grabbed by my wrist and tugged away from the crowd to the buffet table. Irritated with life, I turned around, ready to fight, (ha! More like beg for them to leave me alone and let me nurse my wounds in peace) the offender. The person I saw almost knocked me off my feet without so much as lifting a finger. Oh heeeelllll to the no. I am so dead, someone needs to call the Soviet Union. I struggled to stay composed. Sorry if this chapter was a disappointment – which it most certainly was – but if it's any conciliation, the next chapter shall include drinking, dancing, banter, jealousy, and Marty! Hang in there. J Thank you so much! :)[Chapter 42] Dear Fanfiction, The prodigal author returns…once again. Can I just start off by saying how much I miss you? (My, how you've grown!) I know this hasn't been updated since like…JFK was president but as part of my New Year's Resolutions, I decided that I will finally go out on a hot date with my Glory DVD (because let's face it, that movie's way too cool for Netflix) and write something mildly worthy of your attention. And then I fell in love with it again, and used up two boxes of tissues while watching this. Oh no, this story's not dead. University be damned. This is my childhood, and I will write this thing until I'm bloody well finished with it. This I vow. So, if you, my dear readers, will agree to forgive me for the billionth time (or let me wallow in my own lethargy) then we will continue to blaze this trail. I miss this, really very much. And also, thank you still for those of you who keep checking on me, it's beyond sweet. Due to the enormous jumble of reviews I have, I won't be able to respond to them on *this* chapter update, but I will resume my post on the following (I hope to update as often as your favorite TV show) chapter. Blame it on big kid school, guys. Thank you all so much, and, welcome back. :) With Love, S I turned around only after I bumped into the buffet table thatwas layered with extravagant meats and cheeses, cakes, and fragile creampuffs. I knew exactly who it was, and I didn't have to keep my eyes on him to know that the person whose hand rested on my shoulder was not entirely pleased with me. I suddenly became fascinated with the floor, avoiding his eyes, like a kid squirming in front of the principle. I tugged subconsciously on the ribbon Robert gave me eons ago. \"Hey, Marty.\" Marty was pinching the bridge of his nose and staring at me with a semi-vacant expression. Yeah. That's all he did. He stared. And he stared. And then he stared some more. Finally, finally – He stared. \"Alex.\" He said when he finally did open his mouth. \"What are you doing?\" I leaned back against the table, resisting the urge to stuff my face with chocolate creampuffs. \"It's nice to see you, Marty! Why yes, I'm fine, thank you! How have you been, good? That's great to hear.\" He made a face. \"I'm sorry.\" He said uninterestedly, as if waking up from a trance. I noticed he was wearing a dark brown suit. \"I never ask those questions anymore. We know exactly how you've been doing. Every damn breath you take is monitored.\" I'm sure Oprah would have a thing or two to say about such stalker-ness. \"Uh-huh.\" He ignored me. \"And I've got some good news for you, Rio .\" His tone was very flat, and something about the way he delivered that line made me nervous. \"You clean up nice, by the way.\" He added, beckoning at my ball gown with a insultingly surprised raise of his eyebrows. I realized he didn't really want to give me the said 'good news' and was trying to prolong the process with a compliment. \"Thanks. You too.\" But, unfortunately, duty calls. \"Alex, I came to take you home.\" He said bluntly. What? I must have misheard him, and I shook my head to show that I didn't understand. Obviously. He no longer avoided my eyes. \"It's time to go back to the future.\" \"Why?\" Denial, but, this really can't be happening. He doesn't get it; I think I…I know like it here, why would they want to take me back? I was doing so well. \"I don't…I don't understand.\" \"You've been here long enough.\" He shrugged in a manner that seemed almost cold, and very out of character. \"We've gotta go, alright?\" It wasn't a suggestion. Why was it that everyone wanted me to be somewhere else? First Robert, and now Future Boy?! I wanted to stay – badly , and even though I managed to persuade Rob, how could I challenge someone with the ability to control time? \"I don't see what for.\" I raised my chin in the air, gripping the edge of the table with my gloved fingers. \"Everything was going fine; I had it all under control.\" Marty snorted. \" Control ?! Alex, I don't understand you. When I first brought you here, the first thing you told me was that you wanted out.\" He reached into his velvet jacket and produced a silver pocket watch. \"I'm giving you what you wanted.\" \"You can't take me back.\" I shook my head violently, feeling all of Niamh's ironwork curls shaking out on my shoulders. The small orchestra was playing a familiar Mozart, and I was glad that the sound of violins, voices, and skirts dancing was muffling us. We were getting pretty loud. \"If you touch me, Marty, I swear to God I'll scream.\" I was fighting every way I could. It felt like he was my jailer, dragging me back to the Hole in Alcatraz while I screamed and howled, my fingernails leaving marks on the floor. \"I don't need to touch you, Alex. All I have to do is push a button.\" He opened the pocket watch and instead of an actual watch, there was a small red button in the center. \"We'd both just disappear.\" I wasn't the smartest person in the world, but I wasn't the biggest idiot ever born. \"What about Robert, and Forbes, and them? What would they think if I suddenly vanished?\" I snapped my fingers for effect. He sighed, as if it were too obvious to explain, and shoved his hands in his pockets. \"They'd have no memory of you.\" Something in my face must have startled him, for he added. \"Why do you want to say, Alex? Huh? What's the point?\" I was quivering all over, and the whites of my eyes turned red in distress. \"The point?! You tell me , Marty. What was the point of you bringing me here in the first place? There must have been a reason! And don't start with all that 'appreciating history' bullshit.\" Marty handed me a handkerchief and led me out of the glow of the Chinese party lanterns. He sighed, watching me calmly. \"Listen kid, you can't be here anymore. It's no longer safe. You could get hurt-\" \"I can take care of myself!\" I shouted a little dissatisfied with the use of the cliché. We were receding further away from the party. I wanted to throw something stronger at him, make him understand. I thought about Robert. \"I'll be fine without you.\" \"You're screwing things up, all right!\" He ran his hands through his hair, combing it with his fury. \"You and your constant trip-overs and pathetic little ideas that you're in love with a Civil War Hero.\" I watched him, recoiled. \"You can't mess around here. This isn't a game, Alex. This is real history. The slightest little detail can affect the entire time course. You're that detail, don't you see?\" He stopped pacing and looked at me, \"the fact is, before we inserted you into the time frame, that day when you came to the Shaw mansion after the parade, Robert was supposed to go alone. He was supposed to propose to his future wife – to Annie.\" *Author's note: That's not true; the real Robert Gould Shaw chickened out and proposed through a letter long before the parade. I just tweaked it a little because it fits.* I felt dizzy. Everywhere we are, no matter what's going on, something bad always has to sneak up and bite you. Why? Who can explain this cruel phenomenon? I was crying freely now and Marty looked like he was in painful discomfort from watching me. \"I don't want to go back.\" I made a rather unflattering noise when I blew into Marty's custom-embroidered-by-his-grandma handkerchief. \"I know.\" No, he didn't know. It wasn't just a whim of mine; I needed him to understand that. He had to. \"No, you don't understand. Robert…I…\" He held up a hand. \"I know how you feel. You don't have to tell me. We all saw the signs. We just thought it was typical looks-only and that'd be easy to fix.\" We sat down on the ground, in the grass, in the dark. \"I'm sorry we let this go too far. We made a mistake, and we're thinking of closing the time travel program altogether.\" That is such a stupid idea, but I'm bitter. My skirt was probably ruined now, but I didn't care. \"Don't you see? I can't go back.\" \"Alex.\" He said softly, looking at the sky. I can't tell you how huge the stars really are without the presence of city lights. \"Remember what I told you on the first day you got here? How old Robert was when he…\" I must admit that I haven't thought of that since that day. Irresponsible as I am, I haven't thought about what was coming at all. I couldn't remember, but something, somehow, on some beach somewhere – was going to happen. Something really bad. Why couldn't I remember? \"Don't say it!\" I covered my ears. \"I know what you're thinking. Don't speak at all. I don't want to hear it. No! no! no! no!\" I thrashed my legs, too, like a three year-old throwing a tantrum. But in reality, it was me trying to stamp out the feeling of dread towards the inevitable. Thankfully, he abided to my request, appeasing my wounded self, but it didn't keep him from talking about 'it.' \"What do you hope to gain by staying here? It's going to happen. It's going to happen whether you like it or not. I'm taking you out early so you wouldn't have to see it.\" \"I don't know yet.\" Such a simple answer, but it was honest. \"But I'll figure out what to do. I won't let 'it' happen,\" even though I know it's impossible. A loud sigh came from his spot in the darkness. \"Marty?\" \"What?\" \"The future is better off without me.\" He chuckled wryly, as if he knew something that I didn't, but refused to say anything. \"What?\" I asked. \"Don't even think about it.\" He retorted. \"It's not healthy for one to know too much of their own future, if that's one thing I learned from Doc it's that. Great Scott.\" He quoted. \"This is heavy.\" I could feel him smile in the dark at my use of his catchphrase. \"Can't I at least tell them?\" I asked. \"People are smart. They can handle this.\" \"No!\" He barked suddenly. \"A person is smart, people are dumb, panicking animals.\" \"So that's a 'no' to the 'Hey, I'm from the future' idea?\" I think he rolled his eyes. \"Alex. Eight hundred years ago, people knew that the earth was the center of the universe.\" He had that 'history channel narrator' tone of voice. I watched his dimly-lit profile quizzically. \"Six hundred years ago, people knew the earth was flat.\" I watched the stars, cold, like diamonds. \"Until several months ago, you knew that time travel was impossible. Imagine what you'll know tomorrow, or the day after that.\" \"Where are you going with this?\" I asked saying. A rustle of fabric. \"What I'm saying is you shouldn't trust what you know.\" It was a hint, I know, but why was he throwing it at me if he wanted to take me back? \"What are you talking about?\" \"Ft. Wagner, you fool.\" His impatience to my apparent dimwittedness was beginning to show. \"July 18, 1863.\" Mission Impossible wasn't that far off. I held my breath until my lungs burned. \"Does this mean you'll let me stay?\" \"Doc is gonna kill me…\" What? \"Do I have a choice, Alex? I'll talk to my boss; I'll let you play your game. I really should just haul you back kicking and screaming. I shouldn't do this, especially with you.\" He paused, and I sensed him pinch the bridge of his nose. \"Just remember, we can't change the past, but we can prevent the future.\" He looked at me. \" Try to stay outta trouble, kid.\" Reaching out blindly, I threw my arms around his shoulders and hugged him tightly. \"Thank you! Thank you! Thank you…\" He patted my back, awkwardly. \"Come on.\" He said, standing up and pulling me off the ground. \"They'll be missing you.\" I let him walk me back to the party, my hand resting on the crook of his arm. We formed a truce, and I relaxed, finally able to breathe despite the corset. I won the argument. I loved Marty, then. He could have materialized me back to the 21rst century and I'd think it was all a dream. I wouldn't even notice. That thought made me sad and cold. But I had more pressing matters in my head. The 'It' we were talking about. Robert wasn't going to live forever, though he should. And what was it that Marty was saying about 'altering history?', 'preventing futures?' Followed shortly thereafter by a subtle comment that it wasn't impossible to prevent the tragedy from happening? I searched for Robert, watching him speak with another officer, as if making sure that he was still alive and breathing. I didn't know why I cared that much, it was beyond ridiculous. But I would never fight off that burning urge to run for him, because I didn't know how – yet – but I was going to stop the 'It' from happening. Marty tugged on my arm, and before I knew it, he was pulling me in the direction of Colonel Robert Gould Shaw. \"What are you doing?\" I asked. He smiled. \"You should introduce me; I always wanted to meet Shaw.\" Forbes and Charlie were standing a little ways behind Robert and his Groupies. Said colonel was standing next to a man who seriously needed to rethink the length of his sideburns, he waved a fat cigar in the air and talked about stuff that nobody cared about, stuff like Washington DC and the latest hair pomade from France. But Robert's eyes seemed lit with interest, and they grew brighter when the man started talking about the ratio of supplies-to-men. Of course everyone knows how much Robert likes them supplies, judging by a little hush-hush incident with the quartermaster a whiles ago. God, I love Americans. Forbes arched an inquiring eyebrow at Marty, and hitting Charlie's arm, they both approached the circle. Showing the apparent respect my sex demanded, the men hushed and nodded at me. Their eyes dwelled on me for a fraction of a second, and then were fastened on Marty, curiously. That was when I noticed Charlotte again, and I was surprised to find her participating in the small circle of politics. \"Colonel, I'd like to introduce a friend of mine.\" I began. \"His name is…\" \"Eastwood.\" Marty said. \" Clint Eastwood.\" I stared at him. He purposely didn't look back at me, but it was clear he was having fun. Robert smiled cordially at him. \"Robert Gould Shaw, Mr. Eastwood.\" He shook his hand. Marty or Clint or whatever proceeded to shake the hands of the other fancy officers in the circle, and he gallantly kissed the one of Charlotte. Charlotte smiled at Mr. Eastwood and the young woman beside him. She wondered if perhaps she was the man's wife, or the Colonel's wife, judging by how familiarly she spoke to him. Charlotte, being in her nature to keep prudency and not jump to conclusions, waited for conversation to advance and unveil some of the mystery. \"Mr. Eastwood, we were just discussing unequal quartermaster antics…\" Charlotte had a very charming air about herself, and admittedly, she had occasionally relied on it for support from powerful men. In this day and age, the law was not on the woman's side, the man was the head of everything. It disgusted Charlotte, but she liked to imagine herself as the neck, one who could turn the head any which way she liked. \"Colonel Shaw,\" she touched his arm, \"you promised to share your opinion on the South's educational availability for colored children.\" His shyness was evident, and Charlotte was sure that her hand's presence on his arm was causing some level of discomfort. She removed it, and suddenly, he could speak again. \"Miss Forten is actually a brilliant school teacher for the emancipated children.\" He said to the circle. She smiled at him. \"We do our best to teach them well.\" Forbes was getting bored with this conversation already. Tedious was the word to describe it, and very Rob-ish, for it was exactly like him to talk about war and education at parties which – in case the man was not aware of - were supposed to be fun and happy. His sole source of amusement however, was watching his friend squirm under Miss Forten's encouraging gaze. For as long as Forbes knew him, Rob was never any good with women; they had a knack for disarming him which made him feel insecure without a shield. Apparently Miss Forten was no different to him. Forbes had a slight, underlying feeling that Robert would probably feel more comfortable in front of a cannon than the Forten woman's charming smile. Alex shifted next to him, making Forbes take another swallow of champagne to hide the chuckle that wanted to break past the barrier of his lips. She was looking at Miss Forten with a face just as nervous as Robert's, and her eyes kept jumping between the two. She tugged on her gloves continuously and Forbes was afraid that if she chewed on her lip anymore she might eat it. He wasn't a fool, as much as Charlie liked to believe he was, and knew Jealousy when he saw her. Jealousy was such a nagging mistress, and he himself had entertained her when on occasion his precious Susannah would bestow her charms on other men. Forbes could see that Jealousy wanted to be friends with Alex, and he had to shoo her away before she consumed her in her bad company. \"Miss Janeiro.\" He winked. \"Might I persuade you to a dance?\" Alex stared at him. \"What for?\" The others were talking about laws now. Fascinating. Forbes blinked. \"Usually the answer is yes or no; I suppose I'll pick one myself since you haven't provided me with anything else.\" \"Excuse us.\" He said loudly, to the group, nodding at the Eastwood character and bowing out. He wasn't surprised that Eastwood did the same, but he was surprised when he paused in front of Alex. \"Can I talk to you again, please?\" Eastwood asked her, and perhaps it was Forbes' imagination but he felt like Eastwood's speech sounded out of place, like it was from somewhere far away. Alex glanced back at Forbes and then followed Eastwood a few feet away. Bored, Forbes watched him talk and Alex nod repeatedly, but only with mild interest, until he was suddenly fascinated by his champagne glass. The pull to it was amazing, and he watched the yellow bubbles fizz around like it was water from the Fountain of Youth. Movement made him look up. They were still talking. Eastwood was staring intently at his pocket watch. Forbes blinked out an eyelash and wanted to shoot a look of impatience at them but only managed one of surprise. Eastwood had vanished. He was there one second before and was now gone. Like he evaporated. Forbes did not see him walking away or blending into the crowd at all. But then he remembered to be rational, and turned his attention back to more interesting matters, such as his drink, and shrugged the world away. It was probably just too much champagne. I turned away from the spot where Marty had just vanished from, with the touch of his 'easy button.' He practically begged me to be careful, and I promised, knowing without asking that his job was probably on the line for me. And honestly, I'm not the best person to place your trust in. I sighed, but Forbes' expression caught my attention, and I felt my eyes widen in response to his perplexed stare. Oh. My. God. He was looking at me like a muggle might look at a wizard. He couldn't have seen that, could he? Okay, Alex, you gotta be calm. Find some logical way to explain how \"Clint Eastwood\" could possibly have vanished on the spot. That's the thing though; I was never any good with the Dark Arts of Logic and Reason. I tried to steady my breathing, so I would look all airy, you know? (The corset wasn't helping.) But my feet did not want to move as I forced them back to Forbes, who was now frowning at his champagne. I stopped. Was it possible that he could have completely missed all that? \"So are we gonna dance or what?\" I tried not to make my voice sound shaky or suspicious. He raised an eyebrow slowly. \"Ye-es.\" Abandoning his flute on a nearby buffet table, he led me out onto the dance floor. \"You know, it's something unusual when you – of all people – suddenly aqueous to a dancing proposal.\" He said, as we spun. I swallowed, voice high. \"I guess there's gonna be a mile a rain tonight.\" He laughed. The tension immediately loosened, and a sweet sense of relief filled me. If he was joking, he didn't notice, I was sure of it. The peace didn't last long, however, because first thing I did to kill the security was accidently step on his foot. He winced. \"Ah yes, why break the tradition?\" \"Sorry.\" \"No matter,\" he muttered. \"These were a bit large anyway. The swelling should help them fit better.\" I looked at Forbes then, I mean , really looked at him , and tried to imagine living in a world where the only way I would be able to see him every day would be through a few lines in a dusty history book. It was a little hard to swallow. \"Forbes, you're the best friend I ever had.\" He smirked. \"What favor do you need?\" I shook my head, imagining Marty's evil red button, my worst enemy, which could have deprived me of people like Forbes and Charlie and Rawlins…and…Robert. These subjects of text books that so easily turned to some of the most valuable people I've had the luck to ever meet. \"I mean it Forbes…you really are…something.\" Expecting another smirk, he shocked me with a small smile, \"that's the nicest thing you've ever said to me Alex.\" And it was almost enough to make me not care about how close Robert and Charlotte were standing to each other, visible over Forbes' shoulder. One by one, the conversational crowd dissipated, losing one of its members every few minutes until it was only Robert and Charlotte left together. However, despite his insecurities, Robert was surprised to find himself not dreading every second he spent in Miss Forten's company. In fact, she put him at ease by fascinating him. She was lovely and her words were intelligent. He saw in her a kindred spirit, a woman who wanted to argue – not flirt with him- and he found himself comfortable enough to counter her statements as well as happy enough to honestly agree with them. \"It is dangerous here, of course.\" She was saying. Her voice was nice too. Not too soft, like Annie's, who spoke quietly on purpose so people would lean towards her, or scratchy like Miss Janeiro's, who on occasion still irritated him. Charlotte's – Miss Forten's – was eloquent, sincere, and clear. \"I imagine it's difficult.\" He replied. She nodded. \"Especially for a colored woman. The Southerners are bitter at being conquered. They are furious at Massachusetts' for trying to educate the children of their former slaves. I believe education is a universal human right.\" \"I agree whole heartedly.\" He replied, smiling down at her, unaware of how dashing he looked to her with his hands clasped behind his back. \"Your wife must have been worried about you.\" She said gently, \"to have followed you down here…you're lucky to have her with you.\" Robert frowned. \"I beg your pardon?\" Charlotte looked just as confused as he felt. \"The young lady,\" she inclined her head delicately towards Miss Janeiro, who was engaged in an awkward waltz with Cabot, both laughing at each other as if every movement was some kind of a prank. \"The one who came with you this evening.\" Robert only just remembered that Miss Janeiro still existed; he had been so engrossed with Charlotte. \"Do you mean Miss Janeiro ?\" He shook his head fervently, as if he was explaining this to himself rather than to this spell-binding woman. \"Goodness, no. She is simply my aide-de-camp.\" Charlotte smiled at him, and Robert was too enraptured to realize how he sounded when he said Miss Janeiro's name, like it tasted bad. Dismissing her from his mind much like how he dismissed her from her duties. But Charlotte had put him in such high spirits that he hardly minded that Harker was coming back, swooping down on them with his lemon-shaped head, a shorter, lighter man swaggering beside him. \"Shaw!\" He shouted, like they were fellow schoolboys. \"Meet Colonel Montgomery, brigade commander.\" \"Colonel.\" The man said, and Robert smiled pleasantly as they shook hands. \"Honored, sir.\" Harker spoke again. \"Colonel Montgomery is a real jay-hawker from Kansas; contraband regiment is his Brain-Child.\" Robert nodded slowly. There was something about Montgomery that gave off a negative vibe, something, yet Robert could not see what exactly it was. Out of the corner of his eye he noticed Charlotte visibly stiffen as Montgomery nodded at her. \"You didn't think yours were the only coloreds around, didja Colonel?\" Montgomery's mustache seemed to move for his lips. \"I did, actually.\" He replied. And still do, the only ones who volunteered on their own accord, anyway . \"Well I'm sure they'll do just fine.\" Said the crimson-haired man with a jerk of his chin. \"Have they seen any… mischief ?\" He did not really ask it, more like said it, as if he was sure of the answer. Robert's gave a sharp shake of his head. \"No sir.\" For the first time, Montgomery's lips pulled back in a smile. As if he'd believe that when he's seen it. \"I'm hiking a company over the Georgia coast in the morning.\" Robert cocked his head, cautious, the black plume of his hat tumbling forward. \"We'll be foraging for supplies, I could use a hand.\" His eyes were sincere enough for Robert to be lured into a sense of ease that proved to be false. \"That is…if you think that you're men are up to it.\" Robert's only hesitation in responding was the jab of indignation that made him bite the inside of his cheek. \"They are indeed , Sir.\" \"Good, very good!\" He jerked Robert into another hand-pumping shake. \"A pleasure!\" Robert's mood lifted again. \"Good night.\" \"I'll have my secretary pass the details along momentarily.\" He replied, and bowed out. Robert felt himself grin. He knew exactly what this meant. All those endless days of drilling, marching, practicing, worrying – they were finally ending. The Fifty-Fourth was no longer just a decoration for the Washington cats to feel better about their prejudices; the Fifty-Fourth was… …useful. He grinned at Charlotte, but her return smile was only half-hearted, and she stared at Montgomery's retreating back as if she could erase him from existence by blinking. Robert did not have time to worry, because the familiar voice of Thomas stole him away. \"Beg-to-report-Colonel-Sir.\" He chanted, and Robert couldn't help but feel proud when he turned to see his old friend, saluting him, straight and tall and honorable. Thank God for Mulcahy. Robert returned the salute. \"The troop is fed and bedded down for the night, Sir.\" \"Very good, Corporal.\" Robert felt like a child, trying to restrain his excitement from tainting his professionalism. \"Pass the word down to A Company, we'll be going into action in the morning.\" Thomas, however, was more inept at hiding his infectious grin, \"Very good, Sir.\" Before Robert could dismiss him, the lemon-headed Harker tapped his shoulder, sliding a yellow envelope into his hand. \"From Montgomery's secretary, details of tomorrow.\" With Charlotte standing there, Robert knew it would be rude to open them now, and was resigned to wait like a child until Christmas morning. His already hard-fought-for attention was grabbed by someone else again, this time, Miss Janeiro's scratchy laughter, her hand looped through Forbes' arm as he drawled something about her 'incredible talent in dance.' Surrounded by all these people, and the hot envelope he was holding, Robert remembered that he was a Colonel first, and should act like one despite his ball-like surroundings, and perhaps it was time for his major and his aide to resume their duties as well. \"Miss Janeiro,\" He said, with a clear of his throat. Her smile dissolved at the tone of his voice, and it was with great difficulty that Robert handed her the envelope of instructions. \"Please see to it that this finds its place in my office.\" He said, knowing full well that 'office' was just a connotation for 'tent', but Charlotte was standing just a foot away. Miss Janeiro nodded, putting the envelope loosely under her arm. Robert blinked at her. \" Now . Please.\" She looked a little taken aback, and her gaze jumped from each member of the group. \"Corporal Searles will escort you back to camp.\" He muttered, nodding at Thomas. \"And there's no need to return.\" They had a hike tomorrow, what good would it do to her if she was half asleep during it? Miss Janeiro's face heated up, and Forbes gave Robert an ugly look, as if he'd done something…mean. Robert opened his mouth to d ismiss them but Miss Janeiro beat him too it, spinning away before he could issue the order, her buttery skirts hitting his legs as she walked away. The crowd left again, until it was just him and Charlotte. He looked at her, dazed, and she returned his gaze with some amusement. The words came from his mouth before his brain even approved of them. \"Miss Forten…may I offer you this dance?\" My face burned, and I was glad that the air grew cooler and the night darker the further Thomas and I marched from that horrible party. I held the envelope to my chest, occasionally stepping on my skirts or catching it on a twig. If it hadn't been ruined when I came here with Marty, it was definitely worse for wear now. The Chinese lanterns and the boring music were fading in the background, and the firelights of Camp A were slowly coming into view. \"Did you enjoy the party, Miss Janeiro?\" Thomas asked, abruptly. \"Erm… Alex .\" I bit my lip. \"Sure, uh, the colonel seemed to be enjoying himself too, don't you think?\" Ugh. Robert. Damn him. And damn her. Why make me come if you're going to publicly dismiss me afterwards? Like he'd made a nonchalant mistake and it was all reversible. Like he was a teacher catching his student sneaking out of class. Him and his stupid bowtie and his yellow tassels and his funky hat. Thomas sighed. \"Robert is more of a… introverted person.\" I snorted. \"Yeah well he seemed to be introverting towards that woman.\" Thomas frowned. \" What? \" We reached the base of the camp. \"I'm sorry Thomas, it's nothing, forget what I said.\" I clutched my forehead dramatically. \"I'm just exhausted.\" I touched his arm. \"Good night.\" He smiled and bowed gallantly, before marching away into the opposite direction. I turned right, knowing exactly where the colonel's stupid tent was. I suddenly felt stupid walking around camp in this Belle-like dress. I closed my eyes and moaned in embarrassment. The way Robert talked to me and the way he looked at her. Was I really that much of a bother? He spoke to her as if she was a lady, but to me, like I was a boy. A boy . Did all this time seeing me in jeans and a kepi make him forget that I had two x chromosomes, thank you? I sighed, pushing through the flap of his tent. Stumbling around I found the gas lantern and brought it to life. The room was thrown into a sudden yellow glow. On his desk, papers were scattered about in a disorganized mess, much too out of character for Rob. I was about to toss his damn envelope vengefully on the desk when something caught my eye. This particular paper had so much ink stains it was equally uncharacteristic for Robert, who always wrote with few mistakes, dedication, and precision. Setting the envelope down, I drew closer to it, picked it up, and squinted at it in the light. My name was scrawled in repeated lines in a familiar script, and then hastily crossed out. I frowned at it, wondering what Andrews' hit list was doing on Robert's desk, and then made the mistake of turning it over. I'm not in love with her. I'm not in love with her. I'm not in love with her. What? Maybe there was some kind of hidden meaning in these words…maybe I should have noticed it…but all I could think of was this: These lines were circled, spotless, so unmistakably… … Robert . And then at the very bottom of the page, in one neat row: Janeiro is just an aid to the Fifty Fourth Massachusetts Infantry . That word, just , was the ugliest I've ever heard of, and I felt a fresh wave and humiliation rise, blocking my throat. Just. You are a just, Alex. A just. I laid it on top of the envelope, face up, to make sure he'd see it, and left the room, without so much as bothering to extinguish the gas lamp. Then I marched straight back to that party, despite his orders, and did not slow my pace until I could see the faces on the dance floor clearly, and two of them belonged to Robert and Charlotte. I wasn't sure what exactly I was meaning to do, but I winced when I saw them smiling at each other, twirling gracefully, and remembered how he had asked me to dance, an hour ago, but we didn't get a chance. My stomach hurt, it was just the corset, I'm sure. But still, was I this easily forgettable? Then again, what did I expect? That we'd all laugh and joke and do Gangnam Style together on the dancefloor? I saw him laugh with her, and backed away, back into the night, aiming to walk around the entire function to the other side of the mansion, and return the dress and the hair pieces and the gloves. Because all this…girlishness…this finery…this 'new-me-ness' was obviously just not good enough for him. Welcome back. :) I'm also editing the former chapters by the way, because let's be honest, ew. ","Summary":" You will be the death of me. - Time is Running Out I leaned back in my chair, arms crossed, tapping"}]