[{"Movie":"I, Frankenstein","Title":"I, Frankenstein: Alliance","Author":"QuestRunner","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12272632","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He passed the manila envelope to Terra, who took the documents with a surprisingly sturdy hand. She smiled at him, eyes flitting briefly over his face, seemingly surveying his canvas of scars though her mind was obviously elsewhere. Adam guessed her train of thought and placed a placating hand on her shoulder. \"No, Terra. You can't pursue this.\" His heart dropped as he uttered those words, but his resolve remained steadfast. He tried to cloak his emotions with his customary scowl, but Terra knew better. Her expression hardened. \"No, Adam. You, of all people, deserve this!\" He shuffled backwards a step, releasing his grip on her shoulder and retreating into the shadow created by the stark illumination of the streetlight. He turned his head toward the darkness, self-conscious. \"I doubt father would agree. And I'm not talking about the Big Man in the sky,\" he added hastily, beating her to her own argument. \"Look, Naberius should be reason enough. He may be descended now, but he'll crawl his way back up eventually. They all do. And in the meantime-\" his voice gained a steely edge \"-I need you to promise me you won't try to recreate anything from that journal. I know you memorized the procedure. Leonore has agreed to keep you safe so long as you leave those experiments behind. Otherwise, she could just smite you now and be done with this whole mess.\" He grimaced half-heartedly at his attempt at a joke, but Terra laughed. She walked forward to embrace him in a brief hug, simultaneously pulling him back into the light. \"She's not so bad. She saved us, remember? And she even helped me create a new identity for myself.\" The blonde waved the envelope teasingly. He knew full well what was inside: a fake birth certificate, driver's license...every document a human needed to start over and be connected to this world. \"You're the first human to see the gargoyles in their true form. Of course she would be on her best behavior!\" he stated exasperatedly, but he had to concede that Terra had a point. He must have looked thoughtful, for Terra said sadly, \"You should go see her. Give her a proper thanks before you...you leave.\" He stiffened at her insinuation, but couldn't exactly refute her. There was no question he was leaving. Terra pulled a sleek cell phone from her coat pocket and laid it gently in his calloused palm. \"It's time you joined humanity, Adam. The world is evolving and so is technology. Now, I know you lived through the Stone Age, but I want to us to stay in contact.\" He chuckled despite himself and hefted the small object as if he didn't trust it. \"That...\" would actually be extremely helpful \"...isn't necessary.\" \"I've already put in my number. I'll call you if I come across any demon related activity and you call me whenever you want, got it?\" His chuckle turned into full-blown laughter as he tucked the phone away. The feeling was refreshing. She pulled slowly away, turning toward the direction of her new apartment. \"Give Leonore my best. And don't be a stranger!\" Adam watched Terra until she disappeared from view. Loneliness swept over him like a shroud. He shrugged his shoulders as if to dispel the sensation and headed determinedly toward the cathedral. The sooner he saw Leonore, the sooner he could leave. And the sooner he left, the better. Leonore stood in the multicolored light of the immaculate stained glass window, praying for strength as she lifted her gaze skyward. Her fingers brushed against the ornamental symbol attached to her necklace, identical to the design etched into the floor at her feet. She took a deep breath and sighed. Adam was coming. The gargoyle priestess didn't know how she knew of his wayward arrival, only that she was less than enthused to see him again. He was ruthless. Impractical. Reckless. Infuriating. Leonore padded across the room with a swish of her dress and took a seat on her bejeweled throne. Adam was at the front steps, she presumed, and would eventually seek an audience with her before he left. Maybe for good this time. But not her. She'd never forsake her duties here, in the cathedral she'd built with her heart and soul, waging the front offense against mankind's greatest enemy. A warm whisper and a kind nudge from Him caused her to worry the necklace between her fingers. She frowned as the words hit home. \"I don't understand. Have I not been loyal?\" A soft, gentle murmur. Of course she'd been loyal. \"Have I not defended the innocent from the hordes of evil?\" Another praise of warmth. Of course she'd acted as God's shield. \"Have I not welcomed Adam with open arms?\" The reaction from Him was unexpected as the moonlight drifting through the stained glass weakened slightly. \"But I gave him a name! I gave him shelter!\" she objected. \"Then why? Why send me away from here with the likes of him?\" As if on cue the elaborate doors creaked open and a familiar scarred figure sauntered inside, peering at her from the red light cast from the panes of stained glass. \"Good. You're here. I thought I'd have to search this entire place just to say goodbye,\" Adam stated gruffly, hanging back by the entrance. He didn't dare approach her throne as her gargoyle minions were no doubt keeping a watchful eye, ready to pounce on him should they detect even the slightest danger to their mistress. He wondered vaguely if his newfound soul was enough for him to be classified as human and therefore off limits by their holy standards. He glared into Leonore's poised face and suppressed a wince. Not likely. She continued to stare at him as one would an annoying insect and he resisted the urge to roll his eyes; a bad habit he had already picked up from his short time in civilization. Apparently some things would never change. \"Well, thanks. For the rescue. Don't bother me again. Bye.\" He turned sharply on his heel, almost reaching the threshold of the doorframe when he heard her authoritative cry. \"Adam, wait!\" This time he really did roll his eyes. \"I know you didn't exactly want to come back here-\" \"Well that's an understatement-\" \"BUT,\" she continued sternly, \"there are things more important that we need to discuss, all 'thank yous' aside.\" \"Like what?\" Adam drawled. \"My life is simple. We go our separate ways. A perfect partnership.\" Leonore pursed her lips. Add blunt and insufferable to the list, she thought, and clasped her hands together ever so slightly. \"Unfortunately, God does not wish for you to continue a life of solitude, as shocking as that may seem. He believes you require a companion of sorts. A moral compass.\" The reaction from the scarred man was expected as he took a few angry steps forward and balled his hands into fists. \"Are you telling me that Mr. High and Mighty is sending me a baby sitter?\" Leonore clenched her jaw at the crass words. \"Well, you can tell Him that I'm not interested.\" Adam dropped his gaze and made for the door a second time. \"Adam!\" Leonore scowled. He didn't bother slowing his pace. \"ADAM!\" The priestess stood. It was seldom that she lost her temper, but even Adam knew better than to test its limits. He hesitated and stilled his steps. \"I don't appreciate being referred to as a baby sitter.\" Adam's once dead heart seemed to stop beating as her words pierced the silent air sharper than a holy blade. His anger simmered dangerously close to the surface as he whipped around, stalking forward with large strides. He stopped in the center of the chamber, feet planted firmly on the cross-cut symbol in the cold marble. Red tinted moonlight cascaded across his face, courtesy of the impressive stained glass window. \"I. Refuse.\" \"Adam-\" \"The first time we met, you offered me sanctuary. You also gave me the decency to decline that offer.\" Leonore's eyes glinted like water steel in the pale light. \"This isn't a choice, Adam. God has demanded we work together. For what purpose, I cannot say.\" Adam grunted. His scars felt especially prominent tonight. Every twitch of his lips and twist of his torso sent a slight pulling sensation across his skin. \"Has He demanded you take my free will from me, as well?\" \"I do not have the privilege to know His plan or purpose,\" came the priestess's chilly response. \"If I'm still a monster to you, some soulless creature-\" She approached the scarred figure and matched his glare. She may have to assist him in this latest holy mission, but she didn't have to like it. And Adam certainly didn't need to know that God was sending her on her own personal odyssey. \"It is not my opinion that matters, Adam. You are a child of God, now, and He has chosen you.\" \"For what? What reason would He have with me?\" Adam snapped. \"War.\" Leonore brushed past his dark overcoat and beckoned for him to follow. \"We'll need to visit the armory. I believe some upgraded equipment is in order.\" \"My weapons are FINE,\" Adam bristled. \"I wasn't referring to you,\" she snapped, her voice echoing loudly through the revered halls. \"I am in need of serviceable weapons. You can keep those barbaric atrocities to yourself.\" Adam matched her pace, his heavy, steel-enforced eskrima sticks bumping comfortably against his legs with every step. \"I'll have you know my ATROCITIES have kept me alive for the last two hundred years.\" \"That was your choice.\" \"THAT was survival!\" Adam growled, unconsciously running a hand over his facial scars. \"Had I returned for any assistance, you would have put me in chains. Hell, you DID put me in chains. And now I'm supposed to believe God has some bigger plan for me? There's something you're not telling me.\" \"Well?\" Adam prodded. It wasn't until they entered the armory that Leonore decided to grace her unwanted guest with a response. \"I believe the same could be said about you.\" The slender hands ghosted lovingly over the chiseled blades that adorned the walls. \"You spoke with Terra.\" \"Is that a crime? Talking to humans?\" he spat. He kept his hands clenched at his side and refused to touch the glittering weapons, so far removed from the blunt instruments of torture that had served him faithfully for decades. The regal figure met his gaze from across the room. \"I warned you not to get too close. I gave her a new identity. You're supposed to let her live it.\" Adam clenched his jaw. \"We trust each other. As far as I'm concerned, my connection with Terra is none of your business.\" If past experiences had taught Leonore anything, lasting friendships only ended in pain and heartache. Wars weren't won by trust. They were won by blood. She chose a lightweight dagger that seemed to melt in her grip and strapped the unassuming weapon to her side. \"Do not mistake my words as callous. I only fear for my kind, and that of the human race. Terra is weak, Adam, a frail target in the midst of a war between gargoyles and demons. If she were to reveal our secrets-\" \"She won't,\" Adam growled. \"We shall see,\" Leonore said simply, signaling the end of their conversation. After choosing a second blade, Leonore made for the entrance with her sulking companion in tow. \"You still haven't answered me. What are you hiding?\" Adam demanded. She passed a lantern-lit hall where the sashes of the fallen hung with solemn reverence. \"God has tasked us with this mission and I intend to see it through...however, as you are NOT a guardian, do not for one second believe that I will discuss anything with you except on a need-to-know basis. I am not one to be read like an open book.\" Adam barked out a harsh imitation of a laugh, much to her surprise. \"Well, since we're on the subject of books now, you don't think MY FATHER'S journal should have been mine to keep in the first place?\" Leonore's pace never faltered. \"The demons would have easily over-powered you and taken the journal long before had it not been for our intervention.\" \"Intervention?\" His eyes narrowed dangerously. \"You mean THEFT! All those long years, not understanding who or what I was. Only to find out you held my past from me all along.\" Adam's initial anger resurfaced, this time spilling out of him like a dormant volcano unleashing its fury for the first time. \"And you call Naberius a demon? I think your kind may have more in common with THEM than-\" Leonore swung her expertly crafted dagger out of its sheath and brought it tight against the flesh of his throat. \"And here I thought we were getting along so well,\" he grumbled. She ignored his retort and kept the blade steady. \"Not so long ago, you fought alongside my kind against Naberius' assault. Many perished that day-brothers and sisters I'd nurtured for centuries.\" The priestess gestured at the sashes lining the walls with her free hand. \"You speak of lost books and wounded pride. But which of us suffered greater? Do not pretend to know about my family.\" The words were blunt, severe, made to hurt. Leonore lowered the blade with another flick of the wrist. Adam brought a hand to his neck and rubbed the tender skin. She turned on her heel. \"Shall we continue or do you wish to antagonize me further?\" \"Lead the way.\" Even two hundred years later, the creature still had no sense of remorse. God give me strength, she thought wearily, as she entered the grand atrium, the last barrier between herself and the outside world. A religious road trip with this abomination was the last thing she wanted. Silently she pleaded for release, for mercy, but her Father was silent. ","Summary":" He passed the manila envelope to Terra, who took the documents with a surprisingly sturdy hand. She"},{"Movie":"I, Frankenstein","Title":"After the Fire","Author":"Lt.Gungirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10480085","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The rising sun only made the exhaustion and the reality of what had happened more solid. Still, Terra Wade stared in awestruck wonder at the cathedral. Her eyes darted around trying to make sense of it all. It's primitive nature reminded her of medieval castles. This was hard to compare to the state-of-the-art facility she had just watched crumble into the earth. Adam on the other hand was familiar with the building and tried to make sense of the night. His heart was finally slowing to a normal rhythm and he could feel the numerous bruises and minor cuts. The gash in his shoulder flared with fresh pain, he should probably let Terra take a look at it. Something inside of him felt excited for the first time in his long life. He had a soul. He was still far from human, but he could argue that he shared the most common factors of humanity. \"May I speak with you both?\" The stern female voice broke whatever reveries the two were in. Adam looked at the gargoyle queen with concern. He had little trust for her now. Terra also looked at her in confusion. Leonore noticed how they reacted and took a deep breath. \"Because of the nature of this evening I must remind you of a few things, and lay down some rules.\" Adam tensed at this his muscles instinctively reacting. Leonore noticed this and her intense gaze softened slightly. \"I mean neither of you any harm.\" She assured. Her green eyes looked the two over. \"Now, you both realize that the humans can not know the truth about last night. The entire Wessex Institute is gone, collapsed upon the underground chamber it was built on. Very little remains, they will be searching for you Dr. Wade.\" \"I know,\" Terra replied. \"Despite what you may think I must ask that you never again continue your research on reanimation.\" Terra sucked in a breath ready to protest. Leonore cut her off quickly. \"There are demons that survived and there are others around the world. I do not doubt they will once again try to complete the reanimation process. Demons do not give up easily, which is why they continue to try to destroy the world. Many attempts on humanity have been made, but they never end in the full destruction of this world. \"But if they find anything that they can use to replicate the reanimation process, or if they can force you to help them, all of last night's hard work will be for naught.\" Leonore looked at Terra who worried her lower lip. \"I understand,\" She replied looking away. Three years of hard work gone, buried beneath the rubble of the Institute. \"But I can't forget what I know. What if the demons come for me?\" She asked. Adam looked at Leonore intently he wanted to know what she planned to do with the two of them. She most certainly couldn't lock up a human. And would she dare to try that with him again? He didn't think so, but his trust in Leonore had worn thin. She'd lied to him twice. The first time had been so long ago, when she'd failed to tell him of Frankenstein's Journal. And then she'd lied to his face earlier, telling him she would help him escape from Naberius and then sending Gideon to kill him. Perhaps she had not let him die because she owed him for keeping his end of the bargain despite her choice to break it. Leonore noticed the curious light in his eyes and wondered just what had gotten into the creature. \"I shall have a gargoyle keep watch over you. If the demons come for you he shall bring you here where you will be protected. It is my duty to protect humans Dr. Wade. I will give you sanctuary whenever you have need of it.\" Terra nodded seemingly satisfied with the gargoyle queen's answer. \"Thank you.\" She looked at the queen who gave her a gentle look. \"I understand that you have been through a lot tonight, and your world has been shattered, but you must remain quiet about gargoyles and demons. Even speaking about Adam would be dangerous, not just because of the demons, but because humans will turn against you as well.\" Terra nodded again looking away. The world had changed considerably in less than twenty-four hours. Part of her wanted to cry right here in front of the gargoyle queen and Adam. The scientist in her remained firm in keeping up a calm façade until she could be alone. To keep the threatening tears at bay she searched the room for some kind of distraction. Her eyes landed on a tapestry hanging from one of the gorgeous marble walls. It was a scene of an angel giving light to stone gargoyles. Perhaps it was the gargoyle's beginning. Terra thought the ancient weave was beautiful. The details, the colors, even the image was beautiful and perfectly preserved. There was no way it was not ancient probably almost as old as the gargoyles themselves. The cathedral they lived in was magnificent, full of color and beauty. And it made her eyes wander absorbing the vaulted ceilings, carved archways, columns, tapestries, and the stained glass windows. Everything was marvelous, but it held the secret that they were not human, they were holy warriors fighting to protect the world from hordes of demons. It made Terra shudder at the thought. Her own boss had transformed into a hideous monster before her eyes. Now that was a monster. Something ugly and evil, that wished only for the destruction of the world. It made her wonder if the most evil men in history had been demons. She thought there was a good chance the answer was yes. Maybe she would ask about it later, if she had the chance. Even now, her need for knowledge kept her calm and inquisitive. She was exhausted, but she was also very much in the dark about a lot of things. And she hated not knowing. That's why she was a scientist. Because she wanted to learn things, wanted to know how the world worked, wanted to know the truth now that she knew there were things beyond the world of men. Leonore turned to Adam. He immediately stiffened. His muscles instinctively coiled, ready to launch him into whatever defensive action he might need. When she saw this her green eyes softened. \"Adam,\" she began gently. \"I can see in your eyes that you have changed. It is truly remarkable that after all these years you've finally managed to obtain a soul. Take pride in that fact Adam, it is a sign that God has chosen you to do great things. He has marked you as his.\" Adam thought he was hearing her wrong, was she pleased with him? Could she ever truly be proud of his actions? He looked at her his blue eyes searching her set features for a sign that she wasn't sincere. His eyes met hers and he knew her sentiment was genuine. \"However, your soul comes at a price,\" an edge of warning returned to her voice. \"You can no longer live out your days blindly disregarding the laws of this world. If you have a soul, you can be judged. And God's judgment is pure. If you allow yourself to live like you have, then you will surely be punished.\" Adam nodded. \"I understand my situation.\" He replied in that dry hoarse voice of his. Terra listened as quietly as Adam had when Leonore was talking with her. \"You have a choice to make Adam, what will you do now?\" Leonore asked. Adam's blue eyes reflected his clear decision. \"I'll continue descending demons, but not because they are threatening me, because they threaten the entire world. I will hunt them to ensure this world remains.\" The corners of Leonore's lips turned upward slightly. Adam blinked, was that a smile on her lips? It vanished quickly though and he couldn't be sure. \"Then you have my blessing. The Order shall supply you with the necessary tools. But be warned that if you commit any act that goes against our laws we will take whatever action required to subdue you.\" Adam could sense the power of that threat. He nodded his head in understanding. \"I hope you will trust me again Adam, I am sorry for the mistakes I have made.\" \"You did what you thought was right. I will try to trust you Leonore, but understand that it is hard for me.\" Adam replied darkly. \"Good.\" Leonore seemed satisfied with both of them. \"I have had rooms prepared for you both to rest. I know you must be exhausted.\" She raised her hand, her cloak lifting around her. \"When you are restored I wish to converse with you about other business.\" Terra nodded, \"Thank you, your Majesty.\" She murmured the pain of her bruises and her sheer exhaustion making her weak. Adam nodded a low noise emitting from his throat. A male gargoyle appeared and bowed his head to his queen. \"Hezekiah, take them to their rooms.\" Leonore ordered. He nodded and gestured for the two to follow him. Terra had been focusing on standing and now that she had to move her body felt heavier and more like jelly as she started forward. She stumbled a little and Adam reacted. He grasped her arm and steadied her. \"Can you walk?\" He asked. She shrugged, unsure if she could even speak. Adam leaned towards her and she put her arm over his shoulder. \"Thank you.\" She whispered. Adam grunted in response as he bore most of her weight while they followed Hezekiah. Neither of them saw Leonore turn to watch them leave. She noticed how they trusted each other. There was a curious light in the gargoyle queen's green eyes as she watched them limp after Hezekiah. She knew she would never understand Adam, as he had said he was 'like none other.' But Terra was human, perhaps as a scientist she had a special interest in Adam scientifically. \"What is it about the human that made him change Barachel?\" She asked a male gargoyle that approached his eyes also on them. He brushed the long dark curls from his hair. \"I do not know Majesty.\" \"I should like to understand those two better. They come from such different worlds, and yet he risked his own life to save hers. He would never have done that before.\" She turned away as they vanished around a corner. An idea struck Leonore, \"Perhaps she awoke some dead emotions deep inside of him.\" Barachel cleared his throat, politely telling her that he had more important things to discuss. \"What is the final count of this night?\" Barachel hung his head. \"The sixteen from the attack, Gideon, and another two at Wessex. We have lost nineteen.\" Leonore hung her head. \"We shall remember their sacrifices.\" She breathed as she started down another corridor. \"May they find peace in Heaven.\" \"He ascended Gideon, will you grant him forgiveness?\" Barachel asked. He was obviously unwilling to let the deed go unpunished. \"I sent Gideon to kill him, and he repaid me by showing us the hideout of our enemies. The world is still standing and humanity will not be enslaved. I owe Adam for that. Forgiveness is the greatest thing I can bestow upon him now. As a leader it is my duty to show the grace of God.\" Barachel nodded, silenced by Leonore's words. The gargoyle queen retired to her chambers to rest and pray. She too needed to recover from the events of the night. Adam and Terra followed Hezekiah silently. Neither one knew just how to say what they wanted to. When the gargoyle stopped he turned and gestured to a pair of doors across each from each other. \"The left is for the lady, and the right is yours Adam.\" \"Thank you.\" Terra said forcing a smile. She was so tired. Hezekiah smiled at her, \"If you require anything else I shall be just outside of your room, simply come to the balcony.\" He turned to Adam the charm melting away into a stern façade, a poor attempt to hide his disgust. \"Thank you.\" Adam said quietly. Hezekiah nodded and walked briskly down the corridor. Terra slowly pulled away from Adam who kept a hand on her elbow. \"How are you?\" He asked. \"Tired.\" Terra replied She placed her free hand on the wall to steady herself. \"I want to thank you Adam, for saving my life tonight.\" Adam looked at her surprised. Never in his life had a human thanked him. \"You're welcome.\" He whispered. Terra giggled. \"I've never thanked a reanimated corpse before.\" Her bright blue eyes glistened despite the fatigue in them. \"You are truly amazing Adam.\" She added quietly. \"No,\" He murmured back. \"I'm just some madman's creation.\" Once again his self-depreciation made her angry. \"Why do you do that to yourself?\" She asked in agitation. \"No one has ever valued me.\" Adam replied matter-of-factly. \"I do.\" She replied. \"If you hadn't come to rescue me I'd be dead right now and the world would be a bigger mess than it already is. You are a hero, the world may never know about you, but I do.\" Adam was once again shocked by her words to him. Every time he called himself a monster she contradicted him. It made him feel good to know that someone saw past the surgical scars and the unnatural events that had created him. \"Thank you,\" He said. \"It was the way you spoke to me in my apartment. And just now. You don't treat me like a monster.\" In his eyes there was more that he wanted to say, but he wasn't much for talking. She saw it though. How much he appreciated her treating him like a man, calling him out on his behavior in a way that had made him think about himself, and the fact that she valued him. \"Because you aren't one.\" Terra whispered. She leaned towards him then. Adam stiffened as her face neared his. She kissed his right cheek quickly feeling the scars against her lips and pulled away to catch his reaction. Adam was frozen in place his blue eyes wide. He'd never been touched like that before. His complete and utter surprise was priceless. She smiled at him. \"For saving me.\" She said as she turned to her room. \"I'll see you later.\" Terra said, \"Sleep well, Adam.\" He gave her a deep throaty rasp in response. \"You as well.\" He added as she opened her door. When she had closed it Adam finally moved. He brushed his fingers on his cheek where she had kissed him. Is that what a companion does? He asked himself. Or perhaps a friend? He figured it was a little of both. Adam felt the muscles in his face twitch trying to smile. His brain was confused after the number of events that had happened during the night. He turned to his door and opened it. Inside was an old bed covered in blankets and ready for him. He kicked off his boots knowing he could sleep without fear of being attacked. He removed his coat and jacket and lowered himself to the bed. He stared at the ceiling before turning to the lit candles next to his bed and blew them out. In the darkness he closed his eyes and steadied his breath. Exhaustion turned off his excited thoughts slowly. As his breathing evened out and he relaxed he drifted into a peaceful sleep. He slept better than he had in a long time. Maybe because for the first time in over two hundred years he was no longer alone. Terra lay in her own bed slightly embarrassed by her bold action. In the darkness she could feel the slight warmth in her cheeks. She figured Adam wouldn't take it the wrong way, it was a friendly kiss. It held no deeper meaning and she was sure he'd only stood frozen and shocked because he'd never been kissed before. It was quite possible that no one had ever truly showed him kindness. As she tried to block out the images in her head she smiled. Even with all the destruction that had happened there was still a lot of hope. She was already formulating a new theory about electrophysiology. And she had Adam to thank for it. Of course she would need his help to get started. If he was willing. She would never force him to do anything against his will. But even she could not fight the exhaustion as her brain worked on theories and formulas. In only a few minutes her mind had shut down. The scientist fell asleep with a smile on her face. ","Summary":" The rising sun only made the exhaustion and the reality of what had happened more solid. Still, Ter"},{"Movie":"I, Frankenstein","Title":"Electric Current","Author":"caprittarius","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12340518","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Comecei a subir a escada até ao telhado da catedral. Toda esta experiência parecia estar a chegar ao fim, mas isso não significava que o meu terror tinha subsistido. Se me dissessem há uma semana atrás que iria conhecer a criatura de Frankenstein, entre outros seres sobrenaturais, não teria acreditado. Obviamente. No entanto, até a pessoa mais cética acreditaria após presenciar uma batalha mortal entre gárgulas e demónios E, neste momento, eu só precisava de confirmar que o Adam estava bem. E, depois disso, talvez descobrir se eu estava bem. Depois do último degrau, respirei fundo e tateei a parede à procura da porta. Estava fechada. Não parecia estar trancada, mas ainda assim... Ele poderia não querer a minha presença naquele lugar. Aliás, ele podia não me querer ver nunca mais. Afinal, que tipo de relação poderíamos vir a ter? Bebericar preguiçosamente um par de lattes enquanto recordávamos divertidos a morte assombrosa do Príncipe das Trevas? - Pois. Não me parece. - pensei, e comecei a fazer o percurso inverso. A rua estava deserta. Talvez existisse algum tipo de campo de forças sobrenatural que repelisse os humanos. Faria sentido que assim fosse. - Não me repeliu a mim. - declarei desafiadoramente em voz alta. Não me repeliu quando aceitei entusiasticamente a oferta de um multi-milionário misterioso para conduzir a minha pesquisa científica num instituto fechado. Não me repeliu quando o Adam veio em busca do diário do seu criador. Ainda assim, tinha uma vida humana e normal para onde tinha de voltar. Não poderia continuar envolvida neste imbróglio divino. Não era forte o suficiente para aguentar outro round. Ao aproximar-me do prédio residencial que onde tinha vivido nos últimos anos, ofereci uma prece silenciosa pelo bolso fiável que manteve as minhas chaves de casa seguras. Abri a porta e tranquei-a de imediato. O Wessex tinha-me oferecido estadia neste lugar pela duração do meu estudo. E agora que ele estava morto, bem... o que seria deste lugar? - Tenho de começar a fazer as malas. - solucei para ninguém em particular enquanto me dirigia para o quarto. Sim, teria de o fazer. Depois de dormir por umas quantas horas. Caí pesadamente em cima da cama. (40 minutos depois) Estava a sentir-me despertar do sono, e a querer retornar desesperadamente para ele, mas uma voz não me deixava. - Terra. Acorda. - Não. - murmurei para a almofada. - Porque deixaste a catedral? A realidade era mais estranha que o sonho, e estava a chamar-me. Abri os olhos e respondi: - Esta é a minha casa. Eu tinha de voltar para ela. O perigo já passou, certo? A expressão facial do Adam não revelava nenhum sentimento. Teria sido um efeito da operação que o trouxe à vida? Ou seria do tipo de pessoa em quem ele se tinha tornado? - Talvez sim, talvez não. O cientista que replicou a reanimação nos demónios ainda está à solta. - A esta altura, ele já sabe tanto quanto eu. Não tenho uso para ninguém. - Não sabemos isso. Com o descanso definitivamente interrompido, sentei-me na cama. - Qual é a tua sugestão? - A Leonore ofereceu-te abrigo na catedral. Ela diz que és sua aliada. - Por quanto tempo ficaria lá? - Tens outro sítio onde estar? Não sabia o que responder. Afinal, o que deveria eu fazer? Procurar outro emprego nesta cidade? Voltar para o meu país? Tirar férias? Naquele momento, ponderei todo o tipo de possibilidades, e não sabia qual delas escolher. - Mais tarde ou mais cedo, alguém virá tomar posse desse sítio. Pertence... pertencia ao Wessex. Ele levantou o queixo. - Mais um motivo para não ficares. - Teria de fazer uma mala. - olhei em volta, incerta do que fazer. - E tu, vais voltar para o teu sítio? Não era o lugar mais higiénico para recuperar de ferimentos, mas ele era mais resistente que um ser humano normal, por isso provavelmente não fazia diferença. - Não. A Leonore precisa de mim. O exército de gárgulas tornou-se pequeno demais para lidar com todas as ameaças demoníacas. - Oh. - não sabia como responder a isso. Deveria eu continuar com a minha vida o mais rapidamente possível e afastar-me deste conflito uma vez por todas? Olhei para ele. Tinha-se afastado para um canto mais escuro do quarto, e não consegui distinguir a sua cara nas sombras. Mas ouvi a sua voz ríspida, num volume baixo: - Ainda precisamos de ti. Sem pensar muito no assunto, ouvi-me dizer: - Está bem. ","Summary":" Comecei a subir a escada até ao telhado da catedral. Toda esta experiência parecia estar a chegar a"},{"Movie":"I, Frankenstein","Title":"Little Rascal","Author":"aranenumenesse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10630218","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was raining. Streets were flooding. Dry leaves, empty hamburger wrappers, cigarette stubs and whatnot were drifting on a surface of the most foul looking water. Adam squared his shoulders and ducked his head low. He was drenched to the core. Maybe it was time to go home. Even demons weren't stupid enough to get out in this storm. They liked their little luxuries. Clean and neat apartments, floors polished marble. Fireplace in every room. Bearskin rug in front of each and every one of them. Two-point-five kids with trophy-wives, nine-to-five jobs in comfortable top floor offices. Demons today... They were getting soft. Adam kicked at an empty soda can. It skipped along on the sidewalk, bouncing here and there untill it disappeared to a side alley. His shoes were full of water. Every step he took made it swishing and sloshing around his toes. Not completely unpleasant feeling, but something he could have gone without. He decided to follow the soda can. Alley would have a dumpster to sit on while he poured water out of his shoes. Up to this day he hadn't seen an alley without one, and he had seen many alleys. This one didn't disappoint him. It was big and green. Just the right height for him to sit on. He sat on it and started unlacing his boots when he suddenly heard a noise. He stopped to listen. Only water. Heavy torrent pelting down on him. Flowing down his front and back, dribbling down his legs, ending up in to his shoes, eventually. But for a moment he could be more comfortable. He pulled of his left boot, emptied it, and was about to pull it back on when he heard the noise again. It came from deep shadows at the end of the alley. Streetlight there was broken, so he could only make out an outline of a small cardboard box on the ground. He tilted his head. Too small to house a demon. Too small to be anything but less important. While he emptied his right boot he kept listening. Noise was louder now. And the box was moving. Something was in there, trying to get out. When he approached the box he finally recognised the sound it made, and knew what he would find if he opened it. He stopped. Box lay at his feet, and the noise was constant now. Occupant of the box was clearly aware of his presence. He shuffled his feet and scanned his surroundings. He was alone. In this weather nobody was outside. He sniffled a bit and nudged the box gently with the tip of his boot. Noise got louder, and box began rocking and trashing around. It was sealed shut with duct tape. He could walk away and leave the box. It wouldn't be moving in the morning anymore. He could pick it up now and chuck it in to the dumpster. With any luck trash collector would find it. He could step on it and it really wouldn't be moving anymore. He kept watching the box, pondering all the possible approaches. Water was dribbling down his forehead in to his eyes. He wiped it back. Then crouched and jabbed the box with his index finger. Cardboard was soaked through. It would probably dissolve before morning, and occupant would be set free. If it was alive, of course. He took in his surroundings once more. He was truly alone in this. Not even hookers bothered to patrol in this weather. Well, they wouldn't be very useful in the current situation anyway, unless you happened to stumble in on one with a heart of gold. And that kind of hookers simply didn't exist outside Hollywood. He wiped his face with his palm once more, then grabbed the box. It was a bit heavier than he expected. He carried it to the dumpster and put it down on top of it. Occupant of the box went berserk. Box fell, and did what all soaked cardboard boxes do when they fall; it exploded. He backed away half a step when small grey puppy stumbled out from the wreckage. Only one alive from a litter of five. It took few hesitant steps before falling on it's side in to a puddle. The're it lay, getting wetter by every passing second. When it looked like the show was over, Adam crouched and picked up the puppy, intending to throw it in to trash with its dead siblings. When a faint heartbeat registered through his glove he stuffed the dog to his breast pocket instead. His clothes were wet, but warm. He could get rid of the body later if the puppy died. Back at the street he found a small all-night diner. He still had few coins left from his last kill. He could get more as soon as he found a demon. They usually carried thick wallets. Middle-aged woman behind the counter gave him a stink-eye when he sloshed in, leaving puddles of muddy water at his wake. Adam caught a glimpse of himself from gleaming side of the coffeemaker. He couldn't blame the lady. He really was a mess. Clothes hung on him all lopsided and crinkled. His hair was sticking out to every possible direction except from places where the rain had plastered it against his skull. Faint red and grey net of scars glimmered on his face in the harsh neonlight. \"Cup of warm milk. Cup of beef soup. A towel,\" he grunted his order, then spied the name of the lady from a tag attached above her quite grandmotherly breasts. \"...Mabel, please,\" he finished ordering. Lady clucked her tongue, grabbed a dish towel from underneath the counter and handed it to him. \"That one is for free. For the rest of your order I need to see some money first,\" she said. Adam fished the coins from his pocket and placed them on to the counter. Mabel counted them. \"This will get you warm milk and some chicken broth. No beef soup.\" Adam nodded. Beggars can't be choosers. He left the counter and hid in to the furthest booth. He couldn't risk Mabel seeing the mutt. Dogs weren't allowed in here. He spread the towel on to the bench next to him and took out the puppy. It was nearly unconscious, but it had the strength to lick his finger once when he tried to dab it dry. Anger rose in him. Somewhere there was somebody who had the balls to discard a living being like it was common trash. When he heard the kitchen door slamming and footsteps approaching he hid the puppy back in to his pocket, picked up the towel and started patting his face dry. \"Warm milk and chicken broth. Eat fast, I'll be closing soon,\" Mabel said and clunked a tall glass of milk and a bowl of broth in front of him. Adam resisted the urge to point out that this was an all-night diner, and thanked her instead silently, promising to leave soon. Mabel left him when door chime announced the arrival of another customer. Adam pulled the puppy out again. He set it on the table next to soup bowl. Dog looked at the bowl, then Adam, then bowl again and whined softly. Too small to eat on it's own, but hungry as hell, Adam realized. He dipped his finger in to soup and let the puppy lick it clean. He dipped his finger in to milk and the puppy was all but happy to clean him up again. But it was taking too long. Soon Mabel would start to wonder why a drifter was taking his sweet time with a bowl of second grade broth and yesterday's milk. He poured some of the broth on to his palm and held it under the puppy's mouth, hoping it would catch his meaning. It didn't, but kept licking at his fingers instead. And it was beginning to get noisy again. \"Hmph. I knew you were up to something,\" Mabel huffed, her shadow landing over Adam and the puppy. Before Adam could hide the puppy again, Mabel reached for it, lifting it up in the air for inspection. \"It's too small. It should be with the mother still. Where did you get it?\" She then asked, hint of ice in her voice. \"Found them from an alley. There were five of them. That was only one still alive,\" Adam said, hating none too veiled accusation in Mabel's voice. Mabel blinked, twice. Corrected the position of her glasses on top of her nose and looked at him. Really looked at him. \"Those were your last quarters? ... Those were your last quarters...\" For a long moment she just stood there, staring and evaluating him. Adam was beginning to feel uncomfortable. \"Look, Mabel... Just give the dog back and I'll leave. I won't be bothering you anymore, okay?\" He held his head bowed and his hand out. \"I'll buy it from you. I'll give you fifty dollars for it. I have a granddaughter and this little rascal will get a good home from her,\" Mabel said, elicting a confused grunt from Adam. He expected to see mischievous grin on Mabel's face when he turned to look at her, but she was serious. And holding out a fifty-dollar bill. There was strange warmth in her eyes, and a small glimmering hint of tears. \"I'm sorry for the way I treated you. It has been a long night, and just before you came in I had to throw out some hooligans. I thought you were with them. Just take the money. You look like you could really use it,\" Mabel said. Adam shook his head. \"I'll be alright, Mabel. Just take care of the little guy. I'm... I'll be leavingnow...\" He stuttered and basically fled from the diner. It was still raining. He didn't care. Gurgling and sloshing of the water made it difficult to hear strange noises from dingy alleys on his way home. ","Summary":" It was raining. Streets were flooding. Dry leaves, empty hamburger wrappers, cigarette stubs and wh"},{"Movie":"I, Frankenstein","Title":"You and I","Author":"Brid LaCroix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10330440","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Hey, tunggu aku!\" Seru seorang pria tampan yang mengenakan jins, kaus berwarna putih yang dipadukan dengan jaket kulit keluaran Hugo Boss berlari, mengejar pria yang jauh di depan. \"Gideon!\" Seru Adam—yang berusaha untuk mengejar pria yang bernama Gideon itu. Gideon tidak menghentikan langkahnya atau menatap ke arah Adam walaupun ia sangat berharap Gideon akan berhenti untuk menghindarinya. Gideon terus berjalan dan menghiraukan panggilan dari pria yang tengah menyerukan namanya berulang kali. Gideon tidak peduli dengan teriakan Adam yang membuatnya seperti orang yang dikejar-kejar oleh polisi. Gideon hanya ingin meninggalkan Adam dan berusaha untuk tidak bertemu dengannya untuk saat ini. Gideon terus mempercepat langkahnya tanpa peduli dengan Adam yang berada jauh di belakangnya. Adam Frankenstein, pria kini tidak peduli dengan umpatan orang-orang yang tidak sengaja ia tabrak dan terjatuh. Ia tidak sempat untuk meminta maaf apalagi untuk membantu orang yang telah ia buat tergelincir ke lantai. Adam tidak bermaksud untuk membuat orang-orang mengumpat kasar padanya hanya saja ia dalam keadaan terdesak dan menyangkut hidupnya. Adam yakin saat ini Gideon tengah marah padanya hingga panggilannya diabaikan oleh Gideon. Adam tidak dapat menyamai langkah Gideon yang merupakan atlet lari di kampusnya itu. Walaupun ia sudah berlari sekencang apapun namun pria itu tidak ia kejar. Hingga kedua mata Adam tidak dapat lagi menemukan objek yang menjadi target kejarnya. \"Sial!\" umpat Adam, suaranya terdengar kesal sekaligus kecewa saat ia tidak berhasil mengejar pria yang kini sudah menghilang. . . You and I Adam Frankenstein and Gideon Based on I, Frankenstein by Kevin Grevioux Directed by Stuart Beattie . . \"Kau kenapa lagi?\" Tanya Leonore saat melihat sahabatnya Gideon datang dengan raut kesal ke kelasnya. Beruntung saat itu kelas sedang dalam keadaan sepi karena pelajaran sudah berakhir sehingga tidak ada yang melihat betapa jeleknya wajah Gideon kala itu. Bukan menjawab pertanyaan sahabatnya, Gideon melenggang melewati Leonore dan duduk di samping perempuan berambut cokelat itu. Gideon menghela napas pelan, mencoba mengusir rasa kesal yang menghampiri hatinya. Ia tidak mempedulikan ketika Leonore bertanya padanya. Ia hanya butuh ketenangan untuk hatinya yang kini panas. \"Kau bertengkar lagi dengan Adam?\" Tanya Leonore untuk kedua kalinya, mencoba mencari tahu apa yang terjadi dengan Gideon. Gideon menggelengkan kepalanya. \"Jangan berbohong padaku. Aku tahu bahwa sikapmu yang seperti ini pasti berhubungan dengan Adam.\" Leonore menatap penuh selidik. Gideon menyandarkan punggungnya ke sandaran bangku, menghela napas pelan untuk sekian kalinya. Ia menatap Leonore dengan tatapan sedih sekaligus marah dan kembali memalingkan mukanya. \"Apa yang sebenarnya terjadi antara dirimu dengan Adam?\" Leonore bertanya pada Gideon karena Leonore tahu Gideon tidak mungkin kesal tanpa suatu alasan yang tidak jelas. \"Tidak ada.\" Leonore dapat mendeteksi adanya suatu kebohongan dalam ucapan yang baru saja Gideon lontarkan. Leonore menatap penuh selidik dan tatapan Leonore membuat Gideoan agak risih. \"Kau tidak percaya padaku?\" \"Tidak, aku tidak percaya padamu. Sumber orang yang dapat membuatmu seperti hanyalah satu orang dan itu Adam. ketika kau mengatakan bahwa kau tidak ada masalah dengan Adam maka aku yakin bahwa kau sedang ada masalah dengannya.\" Jelas Leonore yang melihat sikap sahabatnya yang aneh. \"Baiklah, aku mengaku. Aku sedang ada masalah dengan adam.\" Akui Gideon pada akhirnya. Ia tidak suka jika Leonore menatapnya dengan tajam dan memberikan tatapan mengintimidasi. Perkataan Gideon barusan membuktikan bahwa yang diperkirakan oleh Leonore mengenai sasaran. Tidak salah lagi, Gideon sedang bertengkar dengan Adam. Karena orang yang dapat membuat sahabatnya merajuk seperti ini hanyalah satu orang dan orang itu adalah Adam Frankenstein, seorang pewaris tunggal dari perusahaan iklan terbesar di New York. Seorang pria tampan dengan segala kesempurnaan yang jarang dimiliki oleh pria di luar sana. Juga seorang model kelas dunia yang pernah bermain mini series di salah satu saluran televisi terkenal. \"Kali ini apa permasalahannya? Sampai-sampai kau seperti mayat hidup tanpa jiwa.\" Tanya Leonore yang penuh selidik. Berusaha memecah atmosfer tidak menyenangkan di sekitar Gideon. \"Terra,\" jawab Gideon singkat saat ia sudah dapat mengontrol akal dan pikirannya yang sedari tadi memanas. Menyebut sebuah nama dari perempuan yang menjadi musuh utamanya selama ini. \"Memang apa yang Adam lakukan dengan Terra hingga kau bisa seperti ini?\" Gideon menatap Leonore sebentar, \"Aku benci dengan kedekatan mereka berdua.\" Jawab Gideon yang tidak sesuai dengan pertanyaan yang diajukan oleh Leonore. \"Lalu permasalahannya?\" Leonore mengerutkan keningnya, menimbulkan sebuah lipatan kecil di sana. \"Aku melihat Adam sedang bermesraan dengan Terra di perpustakaan. Adam dengan mesranya memeluk Terra di depan orang banyak dan posisi mereka sungguh membuatku kesal.\" Ungkap Gideon dari lubuk hatinya paling dalam. \"Dia tak lebih dari sekedar playboy.\" Lanjut Gideon bercerita, mengeluarkan segala kekesalan yang sedari tadi ia tahan. \"Jadi apa kau yakin kalau Adam sedang bermesraan dengan Terra? Dia sangat mencintaimu. Tidak mungkin dia berselingkuh di belakanganmu.\" \"Aku melihat dengan kedua mataku sendiri. Belum lagi segelintiran orang yang mengatakan bahwa mereka adalah pasangan yang serasi. Blond beauty and perfect handsome. Ucapan seperti itu yang membuat telinga dan hatiku panas.\" Leonore tercengang ketika mendengar curahan hati sahabatnya. \"Dia tidak mungkin mengkhianatimu.\" Leonore berusaha untuk tidak memperkeruh suasana. \"Aku tidak peduli. Aku sudah terlanjur benci dengan—\" Sebuah suara menginterupsi ucapan Gideon saat ia ingin menyelesaikan kalimat terakhirnya. \"Sebenarnya bukan seperti itu kejadiannya.\" Suara yang sangat Gideon kenal tertangkap di indera pendengarannya. \"Gideon terlalu membesarkan masalahnya.\" Adam mengecup lembut pipi Gideon. Leonore yang melihat sahabatnya yang terdiam menatap ke arah seseorang yang berada di belakang Gideon. Lebih tepatnya seseorang yang memeluk Gideon dari belakang dan menumpukkan dagunya di bahu sahabatnya. Leonore tidak tahu apa yang ia tangkap dari tingkah laku Adam—seseorang yang memeluk Gideon, tapi ia mengerti ada sebuah penyesalan di kedua manik hitam itu. \"Lepaskan tanganmu dari tubuhku.\" Gideon berusaha untuk melepaskan kaitan tangan Adam yang melingkar di pinggangnya. \"Aku tidak akan melepaskan kesempatan ini. Sudah cukup aku berlari seharian ini untuk mengejarmu.\" Bisik Adam di telinga Gideon seraya mengeratkan pelukannya. \" So, aku ingin mendengar permasalahan dari sudut pandangmu.\" Suara Leonore membuat Adam menghentikan tingkahnya yang mengoda Gideon. \"Jangan dengarkan Adam. Pasti ia akan membela dirinya sendiri.\" Sahut Gideon kesal sambil melepaskan tangan Adam dari dirinya. \"Tentu saja aku akan membela diriku karena aku tidak bersalah.\" Adam memberikan senyuman jahil pada Leonore. \"Aku dengar kau berselingkuh dengan Terra dan menciumnya. Apakah itu benar?\" Leonore bertanya pada Adam, untuk memancing reaksi yang mungkin akan memperlihatkan reaksi Gideon ketika dirinya menyebutkan nama perempuan yang sangat ia benci. \"Oke, aku akan menceritakannya kejadian sebenarnya.\" Ujar Adam sambil berdiri dan beralih ke tempat duduk di hadapan Leonore dan Gideon sebelumnya ia membalik bangkunya agar saling berhadapan dengan kekasihnya—Gideon dan Leonore. \"Aku sudah mengatakan pada Gideon bahwa ia salah mengartikan sikapku pada Terra.\" \"Sudahlah Leon, lebih baik kita pergi dari sini. Aku tidak ingin mendengar alasan dari makhluk macam dirinya.\" Gideon bangkit dari bangkunya namun tertahan dengan tangan Leonore yang menandakan untuk tidak pergi dari sini. \"Adam, ceritakan padaku apa yang sebenarnya terjadi. Aku yakin pasti ada kesalahpahaman di antara kalian berdua.\" Ujar Leonore dengan bijak. \"Siang tadi, aku pergi ke perpustakaan karena aku harus mencari bahan untuk tugas filsafat yang harus aku kumpulkan lusa. Saat aku ke perpustakaan, aku bertemu dengan Terra, perempuan yang sangat Gideon benci,\" Adam menatap Gideon ketika ia menyebutkan nama Terra. \"Sebenarnya aku tidak berniat untuk berbicara dengan dirinya dan segera aku meninggalkan dirinya tetapi tiba-tiba saja ia terpelesat dan aku secara refleks menangkap dirinya dan aku yang tidak siap dengan tubuh Terra langsung ikut terjatuh kemudian ia bangun tetapi sepertinya tubuhnya belum dapat seimbang saat ia ingin bangkit, ia jatuh lagi ke tubuhku dan saat itu Gideon melihatku seperti posisi itu.\" Gideon terdiam. \"Lalu apa yang terjadi selanjutnya?\" \"Kau tahu lah, Gideon marah padaku dan meninggalkan diriku tanpa aku menjelaskannya terlebih dahulu. Padahal ia hanya salah paham. Hubunganku dengan Terra sudah berakhir dan hanya sebatas teman.\" Leonore mengangguk dengan penuh empati. \"Baiklah. Aku rasa kalian harus menyelesaikan masalah kalian.\" Saran Leonore seraya menepuk pelan bahu Gideon, \"Aku akan meninggalkan kalian dan aku harap kalian dapat segera akur. Apalagi aku tidak ingin terus melihat sahabat tampanku terus merajuk.\" Lanjut Leonore sambil berdiri kemudian berlalu meninggalkan mereka berdua. \"Jadi?\" Tanya Adam ketika hanya ada dirinya dan Gideon. \"Jadi?\" Gideon membeo. \"Masalah kita. Apa kita sudah berdamai?\" Tanya Adam berhati-hati. Gideon tidak langsung menjawab, ia menundukkan kepalanya, berusaha mengalihkan pandangannya dari kekasihnya dua tahun belakangan ini. Adam. Seseorang yang dapat membuat hatinya terombang-ambing. Gideon hanya frustasi dengan apa yang terjadi pada hubungannya. Dirinya dan Adam adalah dua makhluk dengan dua jenis kelamin yang sama dan tidak dapat dari mereka menghasilkan sebuah keturunan. Sebelum Adam menjadi kekasihnya, Adam adalah seorang pria yang sering bergonta-ganti pacar bahkan dalam dua minggu ia bisa berganti pacar sebanyak tiga kali. Entah apa yang membuat Adam menetapkan hatinya pada Gideon, seorang pria biasa dari kalangan keluarga yang terbilang pas-pasan. Gideon hanya takut saat Adam meninggalkannya demi seorang keturunan. Gideon sudah terlanjur terjerat dengan segala pesona yang ada di dalam diri Adam. Terra, adalah salah satu mantan Adam yang terbilang cukup lama, sekitar delapan bulan dan Terra adalah seorang perempuan yang dapat menghasilkan seorang anak untuk meneruskan garis keturunan Frankenstein. Gideon hanya bingung, Bagaimana sebenarnya perasaannya terhadap orang yang berada dihadapannya. \" Baby, listen to me . Aku tidak mungkin menduakanmu. Aku sangat mencintaimu. Hanya dirimu yang dapat membuatku bebas dan mengenal diriku sepenuhnya. Kau yang menunjukkan padaku bahwa cinta itu benar-benar ada bukan hanya fatamorgana semata. Kau membuatku mengerti bahwa hidup ini adalah anugerah yang paling nikmat ketika kita melewatinya bersama orang tercinta.\" Adam mengambil tangan Gideon dan mengecupnya pelan. Apa yang harus Gideon katakan? Hingga akhirnya ia membuka mulutnya, \"Aku takut kau akan meninggalkanku.\" Kini Adam telah berada di samping Gideon, menangkupkan tangannya di kepala Gideon dan membawanya agar mereka saling dapat melihat ke dalam kedua mata lawan bicara mereka. \"Dengar aku tidak akan pernah meninggalkanmu. Aku sangat mencintaimu, melebihi nyawaku sendiri.\" Penjelasan Adam diakhiri dengan sebuah kecupan di kening Gideon. \"Jadi kau tidak perlu khawatir. Terra hanya masa laluku saja dan kau adalah masa depanku.\" Gideon terharu dengan kata-kata yang terlontar dari kekasihnya. \"Gideon,\" kata Adam dengan penuh kelembutan, \"Aku sangat mengkhawatirkanmu saat kau menjauh dariku. Aku takut kau yang akan meninggalkanku, sungguh.\" \"Bodoh,\" sahut Gideon singkat dan langsung memeluk Adam. \"Jadi kau tidak marah lagi padaku?\" Gideon menggelengkan kepalanya dan tersenyum. Adam segera tersenyum penuh kemenangan ketika Gideon tidak marah pada dirinya. Mereka saling pandang dan kemudian Adam mendekatkan wajahnya pada kekasihnya, mengeleminasi jarak di antara mereka. Dalam hitungan detik, Adam mencium bibir Gideon dengan lembut. Dari sebuah kelembutan kini ciuman Adam berubah menjadi sebuah sengatan listrik yang menyengat seluruh tubuh Gideon. Adam melumat bibir Gideon, membiarkan aliran saliva keluar dari mulut mereka berdua. Adam menjulurkan lidahnya dan menjelajahi ke dalam mulut Gideon. Jika sudah seperti ini, Gideon hanya pasrah menerima perlakuan kekasihnya karena Gideon tidak mampu menghentikannya dan pula ia juga menikmatinya. Adam melepaskan bibirnya dari bibir Gideon yang terlihat memerah. Benang Saliva terlihat jelas dari bibir keduanya. \"Aku sangat mencintaimu. Sangat mencintaimu.\" Adam mengelus lembut pipi Gideon dan menghapus saliva yang dari bibir Gideon. \"Aku juga, Adam. Aku mencintaimu.\" Muka Gideon memerah ketika ia mengucapkannya. FIN Oke, Jatuh cinta sama Gideon dan Adam, walaupun di film-nya Gideon kasar sama Adam. Di sini Brid bikin Gideon jadi lemah lembut hehehe. ","Summary":" \"Hey, tunggu aku!\" Seru seorang pria tampan yang mengenakan jins, kaus berwarna putih yang dipadu"},{"Movie":"I, Frankenstein","Title":"Life With No Soul","Author":"wolfprincess16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10980419","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Welp, here I am with another fanfic. I hope I finish it this time. Disclaimer: I, author Wolfprincess16, do not own any parts of the movie, \"I, Frankenstein\", it belongs solely to Stuart Beattie and Kevin Grevioux. Chapter 1 What the hell was she supposed to do now? Terra had no clue what she was to do next. As she lay in one of the, unsurprisingly rare, beds within the church, waiting for one of the gargoyles to come in and tend to her, Terra couldn't help but realize that her career was gone. She had been working Mr. Wes- Naberius for years, and only planned on what she'd do after she retired. Her boss being a demon prince from Hell and forcing her to reanimate corpses so his fellow demons could possess their soulless bodies and destroy all mankind was not on her list of \"what if's\". She hadn't even planned on what would happen if she were to lose her job because Naberius had expressed on several occasions how much he needed her and Carl, and had given her so much confidence that she hadn't even thought of making a Plan B. Who'd make a Plan B when Plan A was everything you had ever wanted? She wanted to be a scientist that made a life changing discovery and, with the help of the demon prince, she had done it. So what was she to do now? Now that Naberius was dead, or whatever they called it, and her lab, including a majority of her life's work, was a giant sink hole leading straight to Hell, where would she go? What could she do? The only thing to do would be to start from scratch again, but it had already taken her so many years to become the scientist she was, working for Naberius, that starting over was foreign. Start over? Oh god, the idea made her sick. She put all of her time and effort into her work, and had been so hypnotized by her passion for science that she couldn't see Naberius for what he really was. A bastard from Hell, literally. She should've known it; he had come into her lab, looking exactly the same every day. She had been working for the man for years, seeing him more often than not, and hadn't once questioned about how he appeared to never age. There were so many of those new cosmetics and surgeries that one could get to appear younger that she thought he had taken a go at them, but oh, how wrong was she. She was so stupid. If only she had seen through his facade, she could've been off somewhere else, totally disconnected from the war between demons and . . . gargoyles, whom she still had yet to get used to, and made a legacy for herself. But she was so blinded by her love for science and her desire to make a life-shattering discovery that Naberius was able to trick her into almost destroying all of humanity. Ugh. She was so, so stupid. Now, here she lay in a king size bed, in a church she had never been to before that housed holy gargoyles that were the protectors of mankind, the same gargoyles that destroyed her boss, whom had actually been a demon from hell that had plans of world annihilation, with a broken ankle, no job, no colleagues , and, as far as the rest of the world knew, no life. She was fucked. Terra sighed and ran a hand through her blonde hair. She decided that it wasn't the right time for thoughts like that. All she wanted to do was rest, because fearing for one's life was exhausting. She shifted her head on the plush pillow on the bed that looked as if it were from the a painting, and closed her eyes. No more thoughts about the future, and no more disheartening thoughts about how stupid she had been. The thought of sleeping on such a heavenly bed, surrounded by nothing but peace and quiet, sounded like a blessing that she wouldn't dare pass up. Before she had time to let another sentence form within her mind, she was asleep. \"Terra?\" Oh god, it was time to get up already? \"Terra? Darling?\" The blonde only knew one person that had a voice as angelic as that one. Leonore was the holiest of the holiest in the human world, being the leader of the Heaven-sent gargoyles and protecting all of mankind, she couldn't compare to preachers and ministries, and that was the only reason why Terra opened her eyes. \"Hello, child. I came in to heal you and . . . \" She gestured towards Tessa's ankle, which the blonde felt was as good as new. \". . . to escort you back home.\" \"What?\" Oh yeah, she had her own house. In the midst of all that had happened that night, Terra had completely forgotten that she had a house. \"Oh, yeah.\" She said softly. With the weirdest night of her life over, Terra wouldn't mind going back to reality. She put her leg over the side of the bed, but Leonore's light touch of her arm stopped her. \"Terra, before you leave, there is something that I need to do first.\" She said. Terra, with great confusion, turned her body to give Leonore more of her attention. \"No human has ever known of the battle between gargoyles and demons. For over centuries, it has strictly been limited to the beings you refer to as \"supernatural\". I am the leader of the gargoyles, appointed by archangel Micheal himself, to protect humanity from the likes of demon interference. With this responsibility, I must make sure that all who are involved are kept secret from the human world, as our existence would stray them away from the path that has already been chosen for them by God's will. Therefore, no humans can know of our being.\" \"You . . . want to erase my memory?\" Terra asked, a little fear mixed in with hesitation. Terra thought she'd be scarred by the events that had unfolded that night, but would at least be able to suffer alongside the gargoyles and Frankenstein's monster. Now knowing that she wouldn't even remember what could've been the greatest creation in all of mankind, she suddenly felt more solemn than before her nap. She, especially, wanted to remember her boss. She wanted to remember all the hard work and concentration that she put into the project her and Carl had been assigned to, and that no matter how many times they failed and disappointed Naberius, he'd always say how important they were to the company, and to him. But was that really what she wanted? Going back to the real world and forgetting about it all sounded like a luxury. She wouldn't be involved in a spiritual war that she couldn't add anything to, and she'd be just like any normal civilian, completely unaware. She wouldn't have to worry about demons trying to take her soul every now and then because before she met Adam, she didn't even believe in that kind've stuff. Adam. She remembered now, that Adam wanted her to make him a companion. Someone that could be his friend since it seemed as though he'd live for a very, very long time. She couldn't just wipe him away. She was the only person in the entire world that knew of Dr. Frankenstein's journal, had made sense of it, and was almost able to bring someone back from the dead. She probably would have to, if not for the whole building getting destroyed situation. \"Um, Ms. Leonore? I understand that I, as a human, should have no part in this war between spiritual beings, but I have made a promise that I do not want to go back on.\" Her face was so calm, and unreadable. Not being able to see how Leonore was taking her request didn't soothe Terra in the slightest. \"Therefore, I was wondering if you'd let me keep my memories for a little while longer. At least until I have kept my promise.\" She finished. Leonore took a deep breath and remained silent for quite some time. Terra understood her dilemma, no human should know of the gargoyles, she understood that, and keeping her memories was risky for both parties, but she couldn't just give up. Terra hadn't finished her part and, with all factors in mind, she knew it had to be done. Especially for someone who'd be as lonely as Adam. \"I see.\" Leonore began. \"What is this 'promise' that you speak of? Hm? I'm guessing it relates to Adam in some manner.\" She asked, still looking cool and level-headed. \"Yes. I promised that I'd . . . that he wouldn't be alone for the rest of his life. That'd I'd make him a companion.\" \"Don't you think if God wanted him to have a companion, he'd have granted him one?\" \"Well . . .\" Terra hadn't even thought God existed until that very night. \"Maybe this is his way of granting it.\" Even though she hadn't thought God existed, Terra knew that the only way she'd be able to break through to Leonore would be to mutter His name, and after what had happened that night, Terra wasn't even sure if God did exist or not. Said woman stared at her with as much silence floating in the room that they'd be able to hear Terra's racing heart. \"I will think over your request. But in return, you must stay here, where you can be protected.\" Terra nodded vigorously. She had no problems staying in a giant church with beds from the 19th century that were as big as her house. \"Good. Now, I must go. Tonight was very . . . eventful, and I must check with the remaining gargoyles. Get some rest, darling. A lot has happened.\" Terra couldn't agree more, but she had already slept off any fatigue she had before. \"Thank you Ms. Leonore.\" The queen of the gargoyles gave her a calming smile before she left the room to herself. Terra wiggled her foot, the one that had the broken ankle, and found that it'd be comfortable enough to walk on. She rose to her feet and, although hesitantly, left her room. She had no idea where she would go, but she was stopped directly outside her door by a pair of sapphire blue eyes. \"Terra.\" Adam said, rising to his feet. He had been sitting on the floor across from her room. \"How are you feeling?\" She had to clear her throat and sigh. Having a casual conversation with Frankenstein's monster was something she had never done and hadn't expected to ever happen. For God's sake, she hadn't even thought the man existed until he crashed into her laboratory and took back his creator's journal. \"Better. Thank you.\" She replied. \"I'm more concerned about you.\" Adam glanced down at his feet, looking like a nervous school boy before he responded. \"I'm fine. I don't get injured very easily.\" He said in that rugged tone he always used when regarding himself. \"Adam. Now that the night's over, I want you to know that I intend to keep my promise.\" She said. He looked back at her with an expression she could only dub as hopeful. \"What-\" \"You know what I'm talking about. I want to make you a companion, so that for as long as you live someone will be by your side. Living for as long as you have, alone, must've been hard already. I don't want you to have to continue to live like that. You need someone that you can trust, someone that is like you and that you can call a friend.\" She said. \"I want to give that to you. You deserve as much.\" She could see that he was speechless. All she wanted was to give Adam a happy life, which he couldn't have by himself, and she couldn't provide that herself. But that entire speech she just gave would be nothing but complete and utter shit if Leonore chose to wipe her memories. \"I . . . thank you.\" He finally produced. Terra smiled. \"Your welcome.\" And that's that. To be quite honest, when I clicked on \"I, Frankenstein\" on Netflix, I thought it was a show, not a movie. Wow, was I dumb or what? And because of that thought process I guess I viewed the movie differently, constantly thinking \"oh maybe they'll explain that in the next episode\" or \"they'll get closer during the season\". Yeah, I don't know what's wrong with me. Anyway, this is chapter 1. I hope you enjoyed it because it was fun to right. I don't know if I'll always right in Terra's POV, but I think it's easier for me. Eh, idk. Favorites + Reviews = Faster updates Thank you! ","Summary":" Welp, here I am with another fanfic. I hope I finish it this time. Disclaimer: I, author Wolfprince"},{"Movie":"I, Frankenstein","Title":"Moonlight Hunter","Author":"Free Lookoom","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10470961","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bonjour tout le monde - enfin aux quelques rares lectrices/auteures de fanfictions sur ce film certes pas monumental, mais tout de même sympathique - je vous propose en exclusivité une fanfiction française sur I, Frankenstein ! Je n'ai pas grand chose à préciser, elle se déroule dans le même cadre spatio-temporel que celui du film, et les personnages ne changent pas spécialement d'habitude. Ah si, je préciserai que l'action se passe quelques temps avant la revenue d'Adam à Darkhaven. Sur ce, j'espère que vous apprécierez. Chapitre Premier : Clair de Lune La nuit atteignait le paroxysme de ses ténèbres, l'obscurité devenait peu à peu la plus totale, les bâtiments s'effaçant dans ce sombre néant nocturne. La ville de Darkhaven s'éteignait peu à peu et un silence pesant envahit les ruelles lugubres. Mes bruits de pas résonnaient, retentissant dans un bruit presque métallique dans la citadelle moderne. Peut-être que je devrais songer à alléger mon équipement, néanmoins je n'en avais aucune réelle envie. Chacune de mes armes me serait utile, chacun de mes livres d'incantations me serait essentiel. Mon nom est Marie-Madeleine Moonstern, mais je préfère être simplement appelée par mon nom de famille. C'est sous ce nom que j'étais connue. Cela faisait près de 7 ans, depuis mes 16 ans pour être exacte, que j'arpentais les villes contaminées par ces vermines de démon à la rechercher de celui qui était la cause de mon drame familial. Mes parents avaient été sauvagement et cruellement éventrés par des démons, pour avoir protégé une de leurs proies. J'avais donc été envoyée vivre chez ma grand-mère, une brave femme, très pieuse et courageuse, qui m'avait enseigné l'art des exorcismes, tout en tentant de me persuader de ne jamais en user, à part en cas d'extrême nécessité. Désolée mamie hihi ... Du jour au lendemain, j'avais dû quitter le village où elle m'avait élevée parce que j'avais justement recouru à un exorcisme pour nous débarrasser d'un malin qui tuait et dévorait tout le bétail local. En quittant le village, je n'avais qu'un seul objectif en tête : celui de devenir une Chasseuse de démons, et de retrouver celui qui avait tué mes parents. Un peu déjà vu et pathétique comme but je vous l'accorde , mais c'était le mien. Mes renseignements m'avaient guidée ici, à Darkhaven. C'était là que je trouverai Nabérius. Cet espèce de roi des démons ne payait rien pour attendre, qu'il sorte un peu de sa tanière et il verrait la belle surprise que je lui réservais. Bien évidemment je ne me faisais pas d'illusions, il était fort probable que je perde la vie dans le combat, mais peu m'importait. La vengeance était un aller-simple, je le savais, mais ma vie elle même n'était devenue qu'un aller-simple. J'aurais pu espérer retrouver mon innocence et ma pureté, mais j'avais déjà trop de sang de démon sur les mains. Peu à peu il me contaminerait, mais je mourrais avant d'avoir l'occasion de me muter en l'un d'entre eux. J'entendis soudain un bruit, à l'approche du hangar qui m'avait été indiqué. Je me cachai alors dans l'ombre derrière un épais mur de brique, et regardai à la dérobée la scène qu'il m'était donné de voir. Un homme poussait un brancard en dehors de la morgue, et le rentra dans une camionnette. Cela aurait pu paraître assez banal en soi, c'était en apparence le travail d'un croque-mort envoyé par des pompes funèbres pour venir se charger du corps d'un défunt, mais cet homme n'était pas normal. Ce n'était ni un croque-mort ni même un être humain. Son aura n'était pas nette, et il ne me fallut qu'un bref aperçu de ses yeux rouges pour confirmer mes soupçons. Un démon . Il ferma la porte de la camionnette, et rebroussa chemin pour fermer celle du garage de la morgue. Je m'approchai alors tout doucement, sans faire de bruit, et me préparai à bondir sur le malin. Viens là mon petit, dis-moi un peu ce que tu caches . Il se retourna, et alors que je dégainai ma lourde épée que je portais en bandoulière. J'allai plaquer la lame contre sa gorge et pousser le démon contre le mur, l'immobilisant. Ma lame était suffisamment pressée contre son cou pour qu'un léger filet de sang commence à couler, et à doucement enflammer la peau du démon. \"Qu... Qui es-tu ?\" articula le démon, sa bouche écumant de bave et son visage se transformant en ce qu'il était véritablement. \"Tu connais Nabérius, n'est-ce pas ? Où est-ce que je peux le trouver ?\" lui lançai-je en pressant un peu plus ma lame contre sa gorge. \"Qu'est-ce que tu veux sale gamine ?\" \"Et d'ailleurs, dis-moi ce que tu comptais faire avec le corps de cet être humain\" lui ordonnai-je, mais le démon ne semblait pas vouloir coopérer et me cracha sur l'épaule. \"Va te faire mettre, sale petite p... \" je l'interrompis et lui tranchai impitoyablement la gorge, le descendant littéralement. Il explosa en une boule de feu qui virevolta dans le ciel, avant de rechuter et véritablement choir aux Enfers. J'arrachai un pan de tissu de ma tunique et essuyait le mollard dégueulasse que la bête m'avait craché, puis essuyai ma lame, avant de la ranger et de jeter le mouchoir de fortune un peu plus loin. Sale bâtard , pensais-je très fort. Ces démons ne cesseraient jamais de me dégoûter, de me répugner au plus au point même. Ils étaient de parfaites aberrations et immondicités, leur géniteur tout craché. Quelque part ailleurs... \"Reine Léonore !\" s'écriait Keziah en courant dans les couloirs jusqu'à déboucher dans la salle de trône de la reine, Gidéon toujours aussi fidèlement à ses côtés. \"Qu'y a-t-il Kéziah ?\" s'inquiéta la reine, de sa douce voix chaste et empathique. \"Un démon a été descendu\" articula la jeune gargouille à bout de souffle. \"Où est le problème ?\" se mêla Gidéon. \"Aucune gargouille n'a quitté son poste... Ce démon a été descendu par quelqu'un d'extérieur à la cathédrale\" explique Kéziah. Un grand silence emplit la pièce. Ils savaient tous ce que cela voulait dire . Ou le démon avait été descendu par un autre démon, en quel cas cela signifierait que les démons auraient des armes sacrées en leur possession, ou cela signifiait qu'il y avait un intrus, une personne extérieure à la cathédrale qui avait l'habilité de descendre d'autres démons, et cette personne était donc potentiellement dangereuse. \"Allez-y\" ordonna la reine, donnant son feu vert \"Gidéon, prends Ophir et Kéziah avec toi. Allez le trouver et ramenez-le\" Elle n'eut aucun besoin de répéter, et les trois gargouilles s'exécutèrent, sautant par la fenêtre et déployant leurs ailes de pierre, achevant leurs métamorphoses dans les airs. Ils volèrent et atteignirent la rue de la morgue, là où le feu follet du démon descendu était apparu. Du côté de Moonstern. Alors que je tentais de récolter des informations sur le lieu, et donc potentiellement sur la légitimité de la présence de démons, et peut-être ainsi des indices sur Nabérius, j'entendis un bruit anormal sur le toit. Je me tapis aussitôt dans une ruelle étroite, sombre et humide pour me cacher. Trois silhouettes humanoïdes descendirent du toit, chacune en un bond précis et habilement maîtrisé. Je risquai un petit coup d'œil à la dérobée. Ce n'étaient à première vue pas des démons. Néanmoins, leurs auras n'étaient pas celles d'être humains. Ils portaient un accoutrement assez étrange, mi-chevalier de l'ordre des templiers, mi-guerrier de Troie. Seulement, leur symbole ne m'était pas étranger... En fait il m'était assez familier mais j'étais incapable de le replacer en contexte. Il s'agissait d'une barre verticale barrée de trois autres horizontales. \"C'est pourtant bien là, il n'y a aucune trace... \" chuchota l'un d'entre eux assez fort pour que je l'entende. Il s'agissait d'un jeune homme à la peau mate aux cheveux de jais mi-longs. A ses côtés, une jeune femme du même âge, qu'on aurait pu apparenter comme sa sœur... ou sa petite amie. Mais il avait un problème, j'avais perdu de vue le troisième. Je me risquais à un regard un peu plus poussé, mais il n'était plus avec ses deux camarades, en fait il n'était plus là du tout, et je ne l'avais pas entendu partir. \"Je l'ai trouvée\" déclara-t-il dans mon dos, me faisant sursauter, et sortir d'un bond magistral hors de ma cachette. J'étais maintenant totalement à découvert, dans cette espèce de petite cour qui marquait la sortie du garage de la morgue, la lumière d'un réverbère m'aveuglant presque. Je posai ma main sur la poignée de mon épée, prête à la dégainer à la première offensive. Les trois créatures m'encerclèrent. \"Qui es-tu ?\" demanda la jeune fille. \"Ou plutôt, qu'est-ce que tu es ?\" enchérit celui qui m'avait surprise, qui de par sa carrure plus imposante et son accoutrement plus sophistiqué me parut être le chef de la petite clique. Je ne répondis rien, et reculai pour me retrouver dos au mur, les trois individus sur leurs défensives, prêts à riposter une potentielle attaque de ma part. Quand je me retrouvai collée au mur, je pris conscience qu'il allait me falloir trouver une ruse pour leur échapper, ils étaient trois et armés, je ne pourrai de toute évidence pas me les faire toute seule et en sortir indemne. Heureusement que j'avais toujours des fumigènes à portée de main. \"Tu es coincée, alors réponds-nous\" me lança le jeune homme à la peau mate. Mais je n'en fis rien, et balançai une fumigène devant moi. Je me retournai alors très vite face au mur, m'accrochai aux quelques prises que je trouvai et grimpai le plus rapidement possible jusqu'au toit, et couru pour leur échapper. Très vite, il fallut que je saute pour rejoindre un autre toit, je m'assurai donc de mon élan, et bondit deux mètres plus loin, me rattrapant de justesse aux rebords et continuant ma course. J'esquissai alors un regard dans mon dos, et l'espace d'un instant il me semblait que je les avais semés... Jusqu'à ce que, perçant le nuage de fumée, je distinguai une silhouette de pierre ailée fondant sur moi. Voilà ce qu'ils étaient , une espèce de gargouilles de pierre, gardiens des cathédrales. Je dus m'arrêter brusquement lorsque l'un d'entre eux surgit d'une allée et vint se poster face à moi. Je reculai de quelques pas en arrière, et dégainai mon épée, la lumière du clair de Lune se réfléchissant sur la lame, et le bruit du métal sifflant dans l'air frais de la nuit. La jeune fille transformée en ange de pierre fondit sur moi, mais je parvins à la contrer et à lui assener un violent coup du revers de ma lame dans le cou, l'écrasant au sol, avant de frapper ce qui me parut être son abdomen de mon pied, la faisant ainsi rouler jusqu'au bord. Elle reprit alors forme humaine en allant s'écraser contre une cheminée. Le jeune homme apparut alors derrière moi, et là encore je parvins à déjouer son offensive en bloquant sa charge, en brisant ensuite sa défense, en sautant et frappant son plexus à pieds joints, puis me réceptionnant avec un salto arrière. Je saisis alors mon épée à deux mains, et allai la planter dans son épaule. La lame rentra et ressortit, mais elle ne sembla pas faire effet. Ce n'étaient pas des créatures infernales . Le jeune homme reprit forme humaine en suffoquant, suite à mon coup dans sa poitrine, et tomba à genoux. Je reculai alors, dans l'incompréhension la plus totale. Qu'étaient-ils ? Mais j'avais baissé ma garde. Le dernier d'entre eux apparut dans mon dos, et j'eus à peine le temps de me retourner qu'il m'enfonça un puissant coup de poing dans l'abdomen. Je crachai instantanément du sang et titubai en arrière. Je gardai fermement mon épée dans ma main, et attendis qu'il se rapproche pour tenter de lui assener le coup le plus violent dont j'étais capable. La lame vint se coincer dans son épaule de pierre, et je ne parvins pas à l'en dégager. Il l'arracha alors comme si elle n'était qu'une épée de bois, et la lança dans le vide. Alors instinctivement, je sautai à mon tour dans le vide pour la récupérer. Cette épée m'était trop chère , elle était trop importante pour moi. Je récupérai l'épée en plein vol, et chutai à travers la verrerie d'un immeuble, jusqu'à définitivement m'écraser une dizaine de mètres plus bas. Je me réceptionnai mal, et sentis que quelques unes de mes côtes s'étaient fêlées. Mais au moins maintenant, je leur avais échappé. Je rangeai mon épée dans son fourreau, et continuai douloureusement ma course, en tâchant de retirer les morceaux de verre qui s'étaient plantés un peu partout dans ma peau. Mais à peine sortie du bâtiment, le chef de la bande était à nouveau là, et transformé en ange de pierre. Je m'apprêtai à redégainer mon épée, mais il fut trop rapide et m'attrapa par la gorge, me soulevant du sol et me plaquant contre le mur. \"Qu'est-ce que tu es ?\" reprit-il. Mais je ne répondis rien, et tentai de me défaire de sa puissante étreinte sur ma trachée, qui commençait à me bloquer la respiration. Dans une détresse totale, je sortis une grenade de ma sacoche et la lui lançai en plein torse, quitte à me blesser moi-même. Et c'est exactement ce que je fis. La petite bombe explosa, l'éloignant considérablement de moi, mais en contrepartie me fit traverser l'épée mur de brique sur lequel il m'avait plaquée. Encore sous le choc, ma tête sonnait et tanguait tandis que je sentais un liquide doux et chaud couler sur mon front jusqu'à goutter sur ma joue. Du sang. Je repris mes jambes à mon cou, et sortis par une porte de l'autre côté, déboulant dans la rue et courant du plus vite possible. Il me fallait me cacher, je ne connaissais pas assez bien ce labyrinthe de ruelles pour planifier quoique ce soit, il fallait juste que je me trouve la cachette la plus astucieuse et la mieux dissimulée, une bouche d'égout, une conduite d'aération, n'importe quoi de confiné et peu accessible. Mais plus je courrais, plus je sentais ma vue devenir floue et s'affaiblir, les recoins devenant noirs, et les formes vagues et imprécises. Je sentais même mes jambes me lâcher petit à petit, devenant lourdes et fortement affaiblies. Je me sentais au bord de l'évanouissement, mais je savais que je devais continuer. Je ne savais pas qui étaient ces créatures, ni même ce qu'elles étaient, ni pourquoi elles étaient venues me trouver prêtes au combat. Je trébuchai soudain violemment et me rattrapai bruyamment à une poubelle. Bon, niveau discrétion c'était pas encore ça . Je me relevai, et tentai de repartir mais je ne courrais plus très droit, je n'étais même plus sûre de courir, j'avais l'impression de nager dans de la boue sans arriver à m'en extraire. Enfin, je vis une silhouette arriver du ciel et se poser brutalement à quelques mètres devant moi. A ses ailes je devinai qu'il s'agissait du big boss de tout à l'heure, mais il reprit forme humaine. J'interrompis ma course, prête à prendre un autre chemin, mais mon corps me désobéit, et fléchit. Il était lourd et comme totalement anesthésié, il tomba à la renverse mais je sentis quelque chose me retenir et m'empêcher de m'écraser comme une pierre au sol. Je me sentis hissée sur une épaule forte et musclée, que je devinai celle du chef des anges de pierre. Mais mon état d'inconscience ne dura que quelques minutes, bien que j'aurais aimé qu'il dure un peu plus longtemps, considéré la situation dans laquelle je me retrouvai. J'étais portée sur l'épaule d'une de ces créatures de pierre, et nous volions à une centaine de mètres du sol. Je laissai échapper un cri de surprise, et tentai de me débattre. Ils ne m'emmèneront pas . \"Si ce que tu veux c'est mourir, continue !\" me lança big boss, en resserrant puissamment son étreinte sur ma taille, m'empêchant de trop gigoter. Mais cela m'importait peu, les chutes j'en avais déjà fait des belles. Je ne voulais laisser personne m'emporter de force, et puis je ne savais pas ce qu'ils allaient faire de moi. Je ne pouvais pas leur faire confiance. J'essayai de me dégager, de le déstabiliser pour qu'il nous repose sur la terre ferme, je me débattais comme une bête enragée, jusqu'à ce que nous entrions dans une espèce de grande salle illuminée de bougies et de peintures saintes. On me saisit alors brutalement les poignets et les chevilles, comme si on allait m'écarteler, mais au lieu de ça, on m'emprisonna les articulations dans d'épais anneaux de métal, reliés à des chaînes. On me débarrassa ensuite de ma sacoche, de mes armes... et de mon épée. Je donnais des coups violents dans toutes les directions, et tentais de me libérer, jusqu'à ce que j'aperçoive au dessus de ma tête, big boss qui me passa de force un anneau de fer autour du cou, et le referma. Alors c'était ça, j'étais un animal pour eux. Une bête à tenir en cage . \"Quel est ce sang qui coule ?\" demanda une voix féminine de jeune vierge pudique. \"C'est le sien\" répondit simplement le jeune homme à la peau mate. \"Attachez-la bien et préparez un exorcisme, il semblerait qu'elle en ait bien besoin !\" ordonna big boss aux autres. Je fus alors traînée jusqu'à une salle confinée et totalement fermée à la lumière du ciel, avec quelques simples cierges pour éclairer la pièce. On me força à m'asseoir sur un siège en fer où on fixa les anneaux qui emprisonnaient mes membres, avant de me passer chaînes en argent autour du buste. Alors j'étais si dangereuse que ça ? Une fois que j'étais suffisamment immobilisée à leur goût, les deux jeunots réapparurent avec un livre d'incantation, un livre que je connaissais bien puisque portant le même titre que le mien. Alors ils allaient tenter de m'exorciser ? Pour eux je n'étais qu'un démon ? Big boss saisit le livre et le donna à un autre de ses sbires situé à sa droite. Celui-ci commença alors à lire une prière, puis un exorcisme que je connaissais, puisqu'il s'agissait de celui auquel je recourrais constamment pour chaque cas de possession. Mais très vite, alors que l'exorcisme était déjà presque intégralement prononcé, ils se rendirent compte que quelque chose n'était pas normal, car la prière ne semblait pas fonctionner sur moi. \"Gidéon, pourquoi ça ne marche pas ?\" demanda la jeune femme au big boss, qui répondait donc au doux nom de Gidéon. \"Je ne sais pas, mais ça va vite m'énerver\" décréta celui-ci entre ses dents en s'approchant dangereusement de moi. Je le fusillai d'un regard noir et accusateur. Il m'attrapa le menton et me releva la tête \"Que quelqu'un me trouve du sel et de l'eau bénite\" ordonna-t-il. Je pris alors peur, craignant ce qu'il allait faire. Pour exorciser les démons, et les forcer à quitter le corps d'un possédé, il arrivait qu'on le force à avaler une impressionnante quantité d'eau bénite et de sel... Ce qui ne marcherait pas sur moi, parce que je n'étais pas une démone. Mais qui pourrait m'atteindre, étant donné que j'étais contaminée par leur sang. \"Gidéon, tu es sûr de ne pas aller trop loin ? Qu'est-ce qui te dit que cette fille est possédée ?\" intervint la belle dame en blanc. \"Reine Léonore... Sauf votre respect, cette chose a tué un démon\" répliqua Gidéon. Alors cette femme était leur reine. Elle me fixa d'un regard curieux, analyste, intrigué et empathique. \"Qui es-tu, as-tu un nom ?\" me demanda-t-elle de manière très douce et très calme. Elle me croirait, elle comprendrait que je n'étais pas un démon. \"Je... je... \" bégayai-je, sentant à mon nouveau mon corps s'affaiblir, probablement dû à la quantité de sang que j'avais perdue par ma plaie ouverte à la tête. \"Elle parle Gidéon, laissons-la donc s'exprimer\" coupa-t-elle Gidéon qui avait déjà fait un pas en avant sans doute pour me brusquer et me forcer à répondre. \"Je suis ... \" parvins-je à articuler, avant de tourner de l'œil. C'est tout pour ce premier chapitre. J'espère - mais bon je ne me fais pas trop d'illusions non plus hihi - que vous serez nombreux et nombreuses à le lire et à l'apprécier ! En attendant, je raffole des reviews , et si vous pouviez m'en laisser une ce serait vraiment super, étant donné que cette fanfiction est un peu saugrenue à mes yeux ^^' ","Summary":" Bonjour tout le monde - enfin aux quelques rares lectrices/auteures de fanfictions sur ce film cert"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"Accidents Are Meant To Happen","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12285619","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Accidents Are Meant To Happen Some accidents are meant to happen that's is what some people tell you But one accident wasn't suppose to happen like the baby machine Suddenly working again and producing a human baby A human baby that you couldn't stay mad at for too long Because I mean who could resist that adorable cute baby face Now we have to find a home for this baby before anyone else on Stork Mountain finds out And maybe just maybe a stork and a human will learn how to be together and become friends And maybe something else down the road I mean who knows Maybe they might even express their feelings for one another ","Summary":" Accidents Are Meant To Happen Some accidents are meant to happen that's is what some people tell yo"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"A New Family","Author":"Midnight Dance 16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12924604","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey. Raina talking. I was thinking of the scene when all of the babies are given to their parents and how I cry every time I see the scene. I am full of tears thinking about it. Any way... I want to do this one-shot for the LGBTQ people who are rejected by their own family because of who they choose to be. You will find your own family soon enough. Love you guys There was a knock on the door. Kayla opened the door to see a woman and a large stork at the front of her door. \"Hello, my name is Tulip. This is a delivery for Mrs. Kayla and Mrs. Leia.\" The red head spoke. Kayla pushed her curly blonde hair out of her face and smiled. \"Come in.\" Tulip and her friend walked in the house. \"My wife is outside. I will give you a cue to come in with my surprise, if that is alright with you?\" \"Perfectly fine! You don't mind, do you Jasper?\" But the big bird was found asleep on the rug. \"He had a rough day. Just go on.\" Tulip smiled as she looked at the bundle in her hands. \"Great, just follow me.\" Kayla walked out through a sliding door, to reveal a big party outside. \"Leia!\" Kayla called out to a dark skinned woman at the center of attention. She wore a floral black dress with her kinky black hair out behind her. Leia looked back at Kayla, and all the guests followed suit. \"Yeah Kayla?\" Leia walkedup to her wife with a smile on her face. \" I know you have opened every gift, but mine. Your birthday has been successful, but I know it wasn't all you have hoped.\" Leia smiled softly at Kayla, knowing what she meant. \"I know it has been hard not talking to your family for your birthday, and I know it is hard fpr you every year.\" Leia looked at Kayla confused on where this is going. \" Even though it has been 5 years since you have been...\" Kayla looked at Leia nervously, asking permission to continue. Leia nodded. \"...kicked out of your family, I believe that you deserve more than this. Now that you have officially turned 25, I know you need the family you deserve.\" Leia looked at Kayla, qiestioning where this is going. \"But I have you.\" Kayla smiled. \"Not just me.\" Kayla looked back at Tulip and motioned her to come forward. \"Now here is my present.\" Tulip placed the white blanket on the patio couch and urged Leia to open it. Leia walked up to the blanket nervously and opened it, and her eyes immediately watered. Inside the blanket were two babies, both dark skinned with dark grey eyes. Their hair was curly black and put into a ponytail. They both looked up at her and smiled, reaching out for her. Leia put her hands over her mouth as she looked at Kayla, crying. Kayla walked up to the babies and picked up one of them. \"Leia, meet our daughters.\" She held out the baby, urging Leia to take her. Leia tried holding back her tears as she reached for the child. Once the little one was in her arms, she broke down. Leia cried as she looked down at the baby, kissing her forehead lightly while she rocked the baby gently. She looked up at Kayla, who was holding the other twin. Kayla smiled at Leia, kissing her forehead as Leia touched the cheek ot the other cheek, which made the child laugh. \"Happy Birthday Leia.\" Kayla whispered as she kissed Leia. The guests came crowding around ghe xouple, congratulating them on their twins. \"Umm, excuse me?\" The crowd broke to show Tulip. \"Sorry to ruin the moment, but I need their names and your signatures so it says you have recieved your babies.\" Kayla and Leia stepped up and signed the paper. \"So, what are their names?\" Leia was the one who spoke up. \"Raina and Skya.\" The twins laughed, liking their new names. \"I congratulate you on your new editions to your family.\" Tulip smiled and went to wake up Jasper, leaving the happy, bigger, family. ","Summary":" Hey. Raina talking. I was thinking of the scene when all of the babies are given to their parents a"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"My Home, My Real Family","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12691870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Her whole life, Tulip had been waiting for this moment. The moment she would find out where her real family was. Where she came from. Who she was . And Jasper – Jasper , of all people- had just presented her with the opportunity. With a shaking hand, Tulip reached out and pushed the last, final piece of her beacon next to the others. Her heart stuttered, the world tilted, the air around her shuddered - and nothing happened. \"…oh,\" she said. \"Wait, no, it has to work-\" She tore out the piece and tried to insert it again. The beacon looked complete – all the pieces were there, nothing was missing – why wasn't it working? \"It's not- it's not working,\" Tulip whispered, and took a step back. She wrapped her arms around herself, and fought back tears. Her last hope. Her final hope, the only thing she had to help her get home – and it didn't work . \"Uhm,\" Junior said. \"Tulip-\" Tulip heaved a heavy breath, and took another step back. Her back collided with metal, and she slowly slid to the ground. Junior made a worried, albeit desperate, noise and walked over to her. \"I'm fine,\" Tulip said, but her voice quivered and broke. Some tears escaped her eyes and rolled down her cheeks. \"I – this shouldn't hurt so much, I never expected to find them before now anyway, why-\" She interrupted herself with a sob, and Junior sat down next to her. \"Hey,\" he said, softly. \"You – you might still find your family, it's not impossible!\" \"It is,\" Jasper said, his voice apologetic. \"It really is, without her homing beacon. I'm sorry, Tulip.\" Tulip drew another shuddering breath as Junior scooted closer. \"It's not – not your fault, Jasper,\" she whispered, more tears quietly trickling down her cheeks. \"Besides, I've still got Stork Mountain, right? I'm not completely lost!\" Junior inhaled sharply, which caused Tulip to shoot him a worried look. \"Yeah,\" Junior said, grimacing slightly. \"Uh, about that…\" Fear spiked through her, and Tulip turned her whole body to face him. \"I was supposed to fire you…\" Tulip shattered. It didn't matter how sorry he appeared to be, or how truly he regretted having to tell her this right now, it still hurt like hell. \"Wh- what?\" Tulip asked, and her voice was a mere whisper in the wind. \"Well, yes,\" Junior muttered, rubbing his neck awkwardly with his good wing. \"Liberate. Free. Yes. Fire.\" More tears welled up in Tulips eyes. \"I'm sorry,\" Junior told her quietly, scooting even closer to put his good wing on her knee. He didn't say anything, but the simple touch comforted Tulip more than she dared to realize. \"What do I do ?\" she whispered, horror taking over her as he buried her face in her hands. \"Oh my God what am I going to do? I have nowhere to go!\" Junior moved the good wing from her knee to her shoulder, and hesitantly pulled her into an awkward hug. Tulip curled up into his side and screwed her eyes shut, drawing all the comfort she could from her friend. \"We – we'll figure it out,\" Junior said. \"We?\" Tulip whispered, voice nearly breaking again. She wasn't sure what to think right now- there were so many emotions burning inside and through her. \"We,\" Junior agreed softly. \"Let's deliver this baby, and then… we'll figure out the rest.\" Strangely enough, Tulip found that statement calming, and she sniffed and rubbed at her eyes. \"Y – yeah,\" she stuttered, and blinked hard. Her crying subsided. \"Yeah – we – we'll do that. Yeah.\" Junior exhaled quietly, and shifted around until he could pull her closer with his good wing. Tulip let him, and wrapped her arms around his neck when she could. \"It'll be okay,\" he whispered, and Tulip squeezed. \"Thank you,\" she muttered. Jasper sat down next to them – while keeping his distance – and scratched at his head awkwardly. \"Uh, sorry for the interruption,\" he said, and Tulip opened her eyes to look at him. She refused to let go – not yet. This was much needed comfort, and Junior was warm and soft. \"But what's gonna happen now?\" Tulip smiled, and it was just almost forced. \"Now we deliver this baby.\" \"Okay,\" Junior said. \"This is her address, let's go.\" Tulip was having none of it, and her hand shot out to grab his cast and pull him back. \"No, wait,\" she muttered. \"Doesn't this seem a bit… shady to you?\" She gestured at the large, scary warehouses surrounding the building resembling nothing more than a cottage. Junior shrugged. \"Maybe it's a gentrification neighborhood,\" he said. Tulip looked at him as if he was crazy, and gestured wildly towards the house. \"You can't see through the windows,\" she hissed. \"The grass is just green cardboard – and for God's sake , Junior, there are two stork bodyguard standing just outside!\" Junior grimaced. \"Er, yeah… should probably have thought of that.\" Tulip bounced Diamond Destiny gently while she spoke in a worried tone. \"What do we do? I'm not going over to that house with Diamond Destiny.\" Junior gave her an ugly look. \"I told you,\" he hissed. \"Her name is not Diamond Destiny!\" Groaning, Tulip rolled her eyes. \"Not again,\" she muttered. \"We've already had this discussion. Twice! Her name is Diamond Destiny, and that. is. final .\" \"You know what, nevermind,\" Junior said, and shook his head. \"Nevermind. I don't even care. We gotta find out what to do now.\" \"Right,\" Tulip muttered, and turned towards the house again. \"This is obviously not her address – or, not the right one at least…\" Junior hummed, and tapped the tip of his beak. \"Maybe Hunter changed the Delivery Address?\" \"Is that even possible ?\" Junior shrugged a little helplessly. \"I don't know, do you have any other explanation?\" Tulip though for a moment. \"Er… no. But how did he even know about her? You didn't tell anyone, did you?\" Junior's eyes widened. \"Me?\" he asked, disbelief and hurt seeping into his voice. \"How can you be accusing me ? We've spent every moment together ever since you made this baby!\" Feeling a sting of guilt at the bleeding hurt in Junior's eyes, Tulip sighed. \"You're right, I'm being silly… sorry.\" \"Huh, you actually apologized,\" Junior muttered. Tulip glared. \"Right, yes… uh, you don't remember her real address, by any chance?\" Tulip's glare faded, and she knew that her current look must have been a desperate one. \"No,\" she said, and shook her head. \"Do you?\" \"No,\" Junior muttered. \"Argh, what do we do ? We can't just raise her ourselves, can we?\" \"I can't believe we're raising her ourselves,\" Junior said, forty minutes later, when they were back with Jasper at the docking port. \"But think about it,\" Tulip said, her voice bursting with excitement. \"Since Hunter knows about Diamond Destiny, you're gonna be in big trouble if you go back there.\" Junior winced. \"You do have a point,\" he muttered. \"Besides, if we just give Diamond Destiny – argh, forget it, Diamond – if we just give her to an Orphanage or something, we'll have no proof that she'll end up with loving parents. Besides, those places are dreadful .\" There was a pause, and Junior just stared at the ground for a moment. Wait, was he still considering this? Jesus, it wasn't that hard of a choice! \"Junior. I don't want to orphan a baby when I have the choice to do otherwise.\" Junior looked up from the ground, met her eyes, and sighed. \"Alright, fine,\" he said. \"We'll keep her. But only because we have no other choice!\" \"I mean,\" Tulip said. \"We could give her to the wolves.\" \"No,\" was Junior's immediate response. \"Absolutely not.\" Every consonant was given emphasis with Junior shaking his head stubbornly from side to side. \"Not gonna happen. Nope. Na-ah.\" \"Fine,\" Tulip laughed. \"Fine, I get it. It was just a joke.\" \"A poor one!\" Junior said. \"Still a joke,\" Tulip grinned. \"Still a poor one!\" Junior said. \"Still a jooo-oke,\" Tulip sing-sung. \"Still a poor one!\" Junior insisted. Jasper stared at them as they continued their back and forth… was it really good enough to be called banter? He didn't know. The huge stork slowly leaned over to the baby – Diamond Destiny? – and whispered, \"Do they do this often?\" Diamond Destiny stared up at him with wide, honest and blue eyes. Her serious expression was answer enough, and Jasper winced. Jasper sighed. \"I'm sorry,\" he said. \"Seems like I'll become your weird uncle.\" He shot a look at Junior and Tulip, who were now flailing wildly with their arms/wings, and making weird expressions. \"…make that your normal uncle.\" And time passed. Opportunities came and went, hope for the future rose, sank and then rose again. Jasper got a job. Tulip and Junior found a forest to settle down in for the time being – Jasper wanted them to be close, but no house in the town felt like a home. They didn't really have any money to buy one, anyway. And then a year had gone past. Junior was back at camp, wasn't he? Tulip grinned, and bent down to pick up another twig. She could scare him, couldn't she? Yeah, that was a good idea. Or maybe not scare, that was a bit mean, but… startle! Yes, okay, good. Good. She smirked at her own genius plan, and made her way back to camp, as quietly as she could. She was just about to jump out of the bushes and scream, when she heard – oh! Junior was singing! It was the same melody that he had been humming along to the whole day, and Tulip quietly placed the twigs on the ground. She was going to scare him – maybe – but for now, she could listen. \" And I'll use you as a warning sign, that if you talk enough sense then you'll lose your mind.\" Tulip smiled fondly, and cocked her head. The melody was… well, it was a bit sad, wasn't it? The fond smile slipped, and a frown of light concern took its place. That's… strange . Junior usually sing happy songs when he begins. \" And I'll use you like a focal point, so I don't lose sight of what I want. \" Junior's voice was growing thicker, as if he were on the verge of tears. Uhm. Should I interfere? Before she could decide, Junior continued to sing. \" I moved further than I thought I could, but I missed you more than I thought I would.\" \" Oh, and I found love where it wasn't supposed… to be… \" Junior drew a shuddering breath, and instead of singing the next sentence, he merely spoke it aloud. \"Right in front of me,\" he whispered, voice trembling and breaking ever so slightly. There was such heartbreak in his voice right then, and something inside of Tulip shuddered and broke at the sound. Junior raised a wing and pulled it over his face with a barely-concealed groan. \"Ugh, what's wrong with me?\" he asked no one in particular. \"Hm, which song is that?\" Tulip asked, and took a step out of the bushes. Junior screamed and fell of the rock he was sitting on. Tulip yelped and hurried over to him. \"Oh my gosh,\" she gasped, and grabbed his wing to help him up. \"S – Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you, not like that!\" Junior brushed of some dust from his wings. \"Ah, it's fine – I thought you were gathering wood. What did you say?\" \"Hm? Oh! Uh, which song is that?\" Junior blinked, and smiled a wide, nervous smile. \"Song? What song?\" Tulip's expression went dead, and she stared at him emptily like that for a moment. \"Argh, fine ,\" Junior muttered, crossing his wings and looking away from her. \"Fine. It's called I Found . By Amber Runs.\" \"Okay,\" Tulip said, and smiled. \"How's Diamond doing?\" Junior immediately softened, and even smiled a little fondly. \"She's fine, as always.\" \"Good,\" Tulip said, laughing a short, relieved laugh. \"I hope she's not being too much trouble? After Jasper got that new job, it was hard to balance the work between us.\" \"It was? I hadn't noticed,\" Junior muttered drily. \"But no, it's fine. She's being such a little angle, aren't you? Oh, yes, you are!\" His voice turned goo-y at the end of the sentence, at the same time as he picked up Diamond from her place on the ground and raised her into the air. Something inside of Tulip melted, and her shoulder's slumped as she took in Junior playing with the human baby. \"You know,\" she said. \"You'd make a good father.\" \"I'd make a good father?\" Junior stopped his playing to glare at her. \"I am a good father, thank you very much.\" \"-oh,\" Tulip said, eyes widening. \"Oh, you – oh. Okay.\" She shook her head to gather her thoughts, and smiled widely. \"Wow, you 've changed!\" \"What are you talking about?\" Junior huffed, in fake confusion, turning around to set Diamond down on the ground again. She immediately crawled over to her little collection of toys and began to play with them. Tulip didn't care, she knew that her little darling could watch herself for a few moments. \"Oh, you know, just that a few weeks ago you'd be h orrified at such a statement,\" Tulip grinned, placing her hands on her hips to give him a playful look. \"I remember a stork that stabbed a raft for no reason beyond smiling at a baby.\" Junior sighed, giving her a surprisingly serious look. \"Yeah,\" he muttered. \"That changed when I had to take care of her myself.\" \"Hey, I'm taking care of her, too!\" Tulip complained, shoving his shoulder. \"I know, I know, I'm not saying that,\" Junior was quick to assure her. \"But I've realized that… maybe… life is about more than just work. Maybe I'm allowed to have a family. To feel real happiness, and not just some… shallow copy.\" Tulip's playful demeanor faded, and she met the gaze of her friend, searching for the honesty she knew was there. She found it, of course, beneath layers of trust and friendship and hope. \"You know,\" she said, and reached over to pick up Diamond. When she straightened up again, she smiled softly at Junior and moved over to fling an arm across his shoulders. \"I don't need no homing beacon. I've found my family.\" Junior stared at her with wide, shocked eyes for a moment, before smiling and wrapping a wing around her waist. \"And I've found mine,\" he said, warmth and joy and love in his voice. A/N: Hey guys! Just a short AN to tell you that if you'd like to read more Storks fanfic, you should go check out my Archive of Our Own profile (under the same name, KatWrech). I post more stuff over there, and I'm abandoning FFN soon anyways. Cheers! ","Summary":" Her whole life, Tulip had been waiting for this moment. The moment she would find out where her rea"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"Misunderstood Skirmish","Author":"Spleriia Emperor Splerii","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12377500","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The wolves decided to travel to their destination by water but as they do, an incident ensues in a misunderstood manner. A pack of wolves arrived at a nearby shore. They were on route to the mountains in a far away place but they reached the dead end since the wolves were being halted by the high rising heights of the steep cliffs before them. \"We can't scale these big cliffs, guys.\" \"If we couldn't, how do we get to the other side?\" Alpha pondered on his mind for an idea. Luckily, he had a plan. \"I know, guys. We'll continue on by travelling the waterways.\" \"Why at the waterways?\" \"Because the mountains were just on the other side of these cliffs.\" Beta then checked the side of the cliffs. Alpha was right since the mountains were just adjacent to the cliffs. \"I see.\" Alpha cleared his throat. \"Wolf Pack, form of submarine!\" The yell then transformed the pack of wolves into a submarine-like transformation. They took the dive in the deep water and they swim beneath the waves. ... Not far away from the wolf pack's position, a small flotilla of ships were just sailing through the deep channel. One of the ships was being commanded by Splerai Emperor Splero of the Splerai dynasty. He commanded his sailors earlier to travel the flotilla through the waterways on route from Yad' Dili' Lidi, Splerai'ia to Dutch Harbor, Alaska. While gazing the front view of his commandeering ship from the bridge, Splero's senior military aide Johivo approaches him. \"Sire?\" \"Yes, Johivo?\" \"I wanted to comment about these ships.\" \"Why would you say that?\" \"Because I was surprised to realize that we're actually riding on one of the old World War 2 ships that was being used by the Empire of Japan.\" \"Oh. You should be surprised indeed, Johivo. I really ordered these vintage ships instead of the modern ones available from some certain countries like America or Britain.\" \"Why vintage?\" \"I wanted to restore the military career of these things. Since the Splerai Fleet was just 'modernizing' its first fleets, these old World War 2 ships will be good assets to our upcoming military exercises in Midway, Hawaii, the Aleutians, the Kurils and the Ryukus.\" \"Ok then, Sire.\" A radio started to static and it catches the duo's attention. Splero took the call. \"This is HMSS Ampier reporting in.\" \"Sire, it's me. Korifo from HMSS Yadla.\" \"What's the skinny?\" \"Our sonar detected something moving from the northeast. We don't know about it yet but I'm certain that it was a submarine.\" \"Submarine in the northeast, eh?\" \"Yes, Sire and it was moving in as well.\" \"Duly noted.\" As Splero switched the radio off, he approaches to Johivo. \"Johivo, send the message to all ships of the flotilla. Tell them that we'll be on full alert for anything suspicious in the water.\" \"Yes, Sire.\" Johivo then grabbed a vintage Enigma Machine to send out the message to the whole flotilla. Soon, the ships blew their horns loudly and the sailors hoisted their flags and colors. \"I hope this isn't a big problem, Johivo.\" ... Just a few minutes later, the wolf submarine finally appeared just a few hundred meters from Splero's flagship. The Emperor was just sighting it from the bridge as the wolf submarine resurfaced for air before diving back deep. \"Johivo, I think that's the submarine that Korifo reported earlier.\" \"Ain't that the nosy American submarine that was interfering the naval exercises that we commenced a few days ago in the Splerai Sea?\" \"I'm sure, Johivo. That must be it.\" Splero lowered his binoculars. \"General Quarters.\" \"Yes, Sire.\" Johivo grabbed a VHF radio. \"All hands, man your battle stations!\" Splero's flagship HMSS Ampier approaches the 'threat' in a dead slow speed. With their crews in place, the Splerai'ian sailors started to shell the wolf submarine with the old Chinese Krupp 7.5 cm Model 1903 cannons and Maxim guns that was installed on the bow and port of the vintage ship. Some of the other sailors on the decks were firing various small arms on the nearby 'threat' as well, ranging from old 1895 Nagant Revolvers and Nambu Type 94 pistols to Arisaka and M14 rifles. The skirmish continued but Emperor Splero was baffled. \"That's odd.\" \"What?\" \"The submarine didn't retaliate to our attacks, Johivo.\" \"Hmm.\" The confrontation rages on but the wolf submarine manage to maneuver towards to the underside of Splero's flagship. \"Splero, the sub was diving just below us!\" \"Stand by for the depth charges, Johivo.\" Johivo nodded. He relayed a message to the other sailors that were positioned in the stern of the ship. \"Fantail, stand by to drop depth charges.\" The wolf submarine hurriedly went to the end of the ship's stern to evade but it was a little too late. \"Yad La.\" A depth charge was being dumped into the water and a large splash was being seen but this wasn't enough for Splero. \"Yad Lo.\" A second depth charge was being dumped followed by a second large splash. Splero grabbed hold a radio to contact Korifo. \"Korifo, did we get him?\" \"Negative, Sire. We still have him on sonar but it was moving away from the flotilla now.\" Johivo approached to Splero. \"Should we intercept him, Sire?\" Splero shook his head in denial. \"No, Johivo. Let him go for now. Besides, we're be at Dutch Harbor soon.\" \"Yes, Sire.\" The alarms quiet down and the flotilla continued on sailing. ... The wolf pack managed to swim to a nearby shore but most of them have their fur blown away. Some of them were even injured and bleeding. Alpha suffered a wound to his right paw and Beta had a ruptured eardrum. \"What was that, Alpha?!\" \"I don't know, Beta but that was quite nasty nonetheless.\" Beta remain silent. ","Summary":" The wolves decided to travel to their destination by water but as they do, an incident ensues in a "},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"Good Arguments","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12691864","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Click, clack, click. Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock. Someone coughed. Clack, clack, click. Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock. Junior stood up, walked calmly out of the room, closed the doors, and screamed. A moment later, when he had no breath left to scream with, he closed his eyes and slid to the ground. \"Uh,\" a voice he recognized said. \"Are you – ah, okay?\" Junior opened his eyes again and stared at Tulip, who was watching him with a concerned expression. \"What does it look like?\" Junior said, sarcasm dripping off his words. \"No, Tulip. I am not okay.\" \"Well – what's wrong?\" Tulip asked, her concerned frown deepening. With a deep sigh, Junior got to his feet again. \"Oh, just that people keep doubting my decisions.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"' Oh, but why do we have to deliver babies?' Other birds can't just accept that I'm the boss , and I decide ,\" Junior complained, throwing his wings into the air. He groaned, and pinched the top of his beak. \"Is it really that hard?\" \"Well,\" Tulip said, and her frown turned from concerned to thoughtful. \"Maybe your arguments aren't good enough?\" Junior's expression flattened. \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean, if you just tell people that you're gonna deliver babies again, nobody's gonna feel that it's good enough,\" Tulip explained, and they began walking down the hall together. \"You gotta find some stronger arguments than that.\" \"Well, which other arguments are there?\" Junior cried in frustration, crossing his wings and scowling at the air. \"There can't be many more, can there?\" \" Whaaat ?\" Tulip said. \"You haven't thought about how this is for the humans?\" Pang , straight at Junior's feelings. He stopped, and his eyes widened to normal size. \"What do you mean?\" Tulip stopped, too, and frowned. \"There are many humans who can't have kids. Single parents, people in a homosexual relationship, sterile people, people who can't afford to be pregnant, people for whom it's not safe to be weak…\" Tulip trailed off, and a spark that Junior loved died in her eyes. \"There are so many reasons for storks to deliver babies, Junior. And we are the only ones who can . Nobody else has this machine. Nobody else has you .\" Something flared in Junior's chest when Tulip referred to herself as a stork, and there was a short moment where he had to fight tears. \"I-\" he said. No other words would come out of his beak, though, and he swallowed thickly. \"Thank you,\" he finally managed to utter. \"I- thank you, Tulip. I shall have to consider this.\" He strode away stiffly, and Tulip called after him, a desperate kind of plea to her voice. \"Junior!\" Junior turned to look at her. \"What?\" Tulip fiddled with her fingers and bit her lip. Her shoulders were hunched, and she had a conflicted frown on her face. She was fighting an inner war, Junior realized, and fear like ice raced through his veins. What was wrong? \"Do you-\" Tulip tried, and then inhaled shakily. \"Do you wanna go on a date with me? I – I know that you're a stork, and that I'm just a s- sloppy human, but – but I felt like I kinda had to ask, you know?\" \"I know,\" Junior said, softly. He smiled. \"And yes. I will.\" Tulip stared at him, wonder and shock in her wide eyes. \"Really?\" Her voice shook. Oh , Junior thought, she hadn't expected me to say yes. But she still asked. \"Really,\" he said. \"Of course I will.\" She's so brave . \"Ah- alright,\" Tulip said, and nodded nervously. \"Ah – uh – how about a dinner? It's cliché, I know, but I don't really know what to say now-\" \"Or,\" Junior interrupted. \"How about a weekend away from all of this? Just you and me.\" \"Like a family?\" Junior sighed, but it was a defeated and fond sigh. \"I guess,\" he said. \"Like a family, yes.\" \"I'll – I'll see you then,\" Tulip said. \"I'll see you then,\" Junior nodded, and then turned around to continue going through all his hate-mail. He pretended that he didn't hear the gleeful, whispered \" I can't believe he said yes ,\" while he walked away, and smiled. ","Summary":" Click, clack, click. Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock. Someone coughed. Clack, clack, click. Tick. Tock. Tick"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"Family?","Author":"Aki.Electric","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13047123","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Storks no me pertenece. Disculpen los errores ortográficos. La niña miraba curiosa el dibujo que acababa de hacer. La escena era comparable con la de un crítico ante una pintura abstracta intentando descifrar lo que estuviera oculto entre las pinceladas de la obra. La pequeña ladeó la cabeza. ¿Cómo era posible que una niña no mayor a los cinco años viera algo hecho con crayolas como lo más interesante en el mundo? Lo que había en el dibujo no era nada más que el retrato de su familia. Su madre tenía el cabello rizado (el cual parecía más un afro en la ilustración, le resultaba difícil dibujarlo), sus ojos verdes consistían en unos simples puntos y su ropa era de color negro. Su papá era totalmente blanco, su figura se perdería en la hoja de no ser porque tenía un contorno negro en lo que era su cuerpo. Sus ojos lucían como dos puntos cafés flotando cerca de un poco de anaranjado, similar a sus piernas que eran más delgadas que el resto de su cuerpo. En medio de ambos estaba dibujada una pequeña figura que tenía un vestido azul, cabello rosado y puntos azules como ojos. La niña miraba atenta a cada una de las figuras en el papel. ¿Era normal que no se pareciera a ninguno de sus padres? Escuchó que alguien abría la puerta de la habitación y se ponía atrás suyo. -¡Aw, que lindo dibujo!-exclamó su madre, cargaba unas bolsas de lo que parecía ser las compras de la semana.- ¡Junior, ven a ver el dibujo que Dulce Dulcínea hizo! -Sigue sin gustarme ese nombre.-Murmuró un ave que cargaba un par de bolsas más. El animal se acercó hasta ambas. Sonrió al ver lo que había hecho. -Es muy lindo, pequeña damita.-Dijo la cigüeña. Ambos adultos caminaron hasta la cocina y dejaron las bolsas sobre una mesa. La niña, que los estuvo observando, regresó su vista al dibujo. Su cabello no era del color ni del mismo tipo que el de su madre, sus ojos no tenían el mismo color de alguno de sus padres. Y no parecía tener rasgos similares a algunos de los dos. Eso le hacia preguntarse: ¿Enserio era hija de ellos? Hola, ¿cómo están? Había tenido ganas de escribir un fic de esta maravillosa película desde hace tiempo y se me ocurrió \"¿y si Tulip y Junior nunca hubieran podido entregar a la bebé?\". Y entonces esto nació. Espero les haya gustado, gracias por leer. Hasta luego. ","Summary":" Storks no me pertenece. Disculpen los errores ortográficos. La niña miraba curiosa el dibujo que ac"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"Won't Let You Go","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12668784","Passage":"[Chapter 1] At first, Junior couldn't process what was happening. He knew that he was falling, but everything was quiet. It was as if he was floating between worlds, and it was almost a peaceful place… But then everything came back, wind rushed past him, and he screamed. Time slowed down, and the baby – Diamond – slipped out of his grasp. She shrieked, and then giggled, clearly not understanding the situation. Somewhere below him, Tulip screamed, and the scream went deep into Junior's bones and sent a chill through his body. It was like nothing he'd ever felt before, and it caused terror to flare in his stomach. \"Tulip!\" he cried, twisting in the air to look at her. Tulip's eyes were wide in fear and panic, but she met his gaze bravely nonetheless. \"Junior!\" she yelled, flailing widely. Somehow, her hand smacked into his good wing, and he grasped it. She was sweaty, but that was to be expected, and her fingers twitched and held onto his as if he could save her life. Some of the fear in her eyes died down. \"Diamond,\" she exclaimed, and Junior grabbed after her. Tulip's breath was coming in short, sharp breaths, and her heart was beating roughly under Junior's wing. \"We're gonna die!\" she cried, and the rubber band in her hair went loose. It all sprung to life around her, like a halo of flames, and Junior's heart staggered. \"We're all gonna die, oh Junior, I'm so sorry !\" \"No,\" he said, but the howling wind swallowed the word. He scowled fiercely, and tugged his broken wing out of its cast. \"No!\" he repeated, this time as a loud cry, and Diamond went into the cast with little complaint. \"We're a family, Tulip,\" Junior said, and it was almost a snarl. \"We won't die.\" With a gigantic amount of force, Junior let Tulip's hand go. He flapped his wings, and pain flared through him. Groaning, he shut his eyes – and flew . \"Junior,\" Tulip breathed, shock in her voice and betrayal in her eyes as she fell. Oh, great, he hadn't thought about that part. \"Tulip!\" Junior cried, and shot down after her. \"You're not gonna die, we're not gonna die, even Diamond's going to live, we're gonna deliver her and be a big happy family, you're not gonna die, \" he babbled, grasping her by the neck with his feet. He threw her onto his back and steeled himself for what was coming. \"I swear it.\" Anywhere I go there you are, anywhere I go there you are. Late at night, when you can't fall asleep, I'll be right beside you, counting sheep. You're the fire and the flood, and I'll always feel you in my blood. ","Summary":" At first, Junior couldn't process what was happening. He knew that he was falling, but everything w"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"Sleep, Baby, Sleep","Author":"Lou P.F","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12664092","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Junior groaned and rolled over when the wail of a baby started him awake. \"No,\" he muttered. \"Please don't…\" But the baby continued to cry, and Tulip didn't seem inclined towards waking up at all. With a grumbled sigh, Junior got up and made his way over to the pod. He really didn't want to do this. He just… didn't. At all. But he'd never fall asleep again if the baby just continued to cry, and this was his only option… The stork picked up the human baby, carefully cradling her in his wings. \" Blackbird singing in the dead of night, \" he whispered, a quiet melody in the middle of a silent night. \" Take these wings and learn to fly… \" The baby blinked curiously up at him, although her wails had already quieted down. \" All your life… you've been waiting for this moment to arrive. \" Silence crackled in the air for a few wonderful moments, and then Tulip spoke. \"Are you singing for her?\" \"No,\" Junior denied sharply, pushing the now almost-asleep baby into her arms. He hadn't noticed that she'd woken up, but obviously, she had. He wasn't about to apologize for waking her, though. All be damned, he was a stubborn bird. \"You were!\" Tulip said, smiling, as she accepted the baby. \"Was not,\" Junior grumbled, shaking his head and crossing his wings. \"You were ,\" Tulip teased, smile morphing into a grin as she started rocking the baby. \"Sing again! She needs to be calmed down.\" Junior sighed. How had his life changed so drastically, and to this, of all things? \" Blackbird singing in the dead of night… take these wings and learn to fly…\" As he scooted closer in only the light of the stars gleaming in the sky above them, Junior had to suppress a smile. While it had changed drastically, maybe it had been for the better. \" All your life, you've been waiting for this moment to arrive. \" The baby drifted off to sleep, Tulip soon following. Junior watched her eyelids slide close, and this time, he allowed the smile to spread. \" Been waiting for this moment to arrive,\" he muttered, the sound barely audible to his own ears. Smiling, the stork curled around the two humans, determined to keep them warm through the night. A/N: guess which movie I just saw! Gosh, I loved it. I had to put it on pause several times because the feelings became too much. Lord, I'm going to see it again today. Damn it's good. Also, the song isn't mine! I stole it from Boss Baby, please don't sue me ","Summary":" Junior groaned and rolled over when the wail of a baby started him awake. \"No,\" he muttered. \"Pl"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"Storks: A New Us","Author":"QueenVamp","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13224572","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys! So I love the underrated movie Storks and the couple Julip (even though I probably shouldn't ship them so hard) and I'm always unlucky because the couples that I ship never seem to have enough fanfics out there. So like always, instead of complaining, I'm taking it into my own hands and writing about the movie and the 'couple' that I believe deserves more attention! Beware of bad writing and randomness– I'm trying to put as much stuff out there for this fandom so there won't be any more future disappointed me's. XD Chapter One: Admiration \" I've never told you this before but you're pretty good at this,\" Junior said, appreciatively, a wing under his chin. Tulip grinned as she rocked yet another baby to sleep. They had all been working extra late that day trying to deliver as many babies as they could so no family had to wait. It was like that every day now that Stork Mountain was once again a baby delivering business. It was most definitely exhausting but it was an awarding job, one that Tulip would never abandon. Junior, on the other hand, though he was now boss, was dragged into helping Tulip regardless. He didn't like taking care of the babies, purely because he was afraid. He wouldn't admit it but he loved delivering the babies, the only downside is saying goodbye to the adorable cuties. Once again, he was roped into helping Tulip with the small number of babies that weren't delivered that day. With a sigh, he stood next to Tulip, watching her. \"Thanks, Junior!\" she gushed. \"You know it's actually not that hard. Do you wanna hold Sparkles?\" He jumped back as she shoved a baby with a head full of brown hair in his face. Junior chuckled nervously. \"Uh, I'll pass.\" Then it suddenly hit him and he gave Tulip an 'are-you-kidding-me' look. \"Did you just name the baby Sparkles ?\" he spat out in disgust. \"Uh of course! I mean, just look at those eyes!\" she exclaimed, pointing at the baby's large eyes that seemed to glow in the dark. Junior rolled his eyes, scoffing but reluctantly glancing down. \"There's nothing spec—oh my god,\" he trailed off, his own eyes widening. \"H-his eyes are sparkling like...like the stars. How is that possible?!\" he whispered to himself. He could hear the red-haired woman giggling next to him. \"See what I mean? His eyes are magical,\" she sang. Junior narrowed his eyes at her. \"His eyes aren't magical, that's just stupid.\" \"It's not stupid, you' re stupid!\" \"Oh wow, real mature,\" muttered Junior, rolling his eyes. \"I know I'm more mature than you. I'm the one looking after the babies!\" \"I do too, but I'm just way busier than you so ha!\" Junior turned to leave her little office that had been set up to accommodate babies. There were toys and cribs which were rarely used as the wolf pack would come and offer their help by making a make-shift, 'wolf crib'. It did make life a bit easier for Junior who couldn't even afford to feed himself despite being boss, let alone equipment for the babies. It was just his luck that the wolves wanted to spend all the time they had and could with babies no matter what after finding out their true calling of looking after and imprinting on babies as their own. Tulip let out a big groan, tilting her head back. She knew that Junior was just making excuses to get out of holding Sparkles but she knew that inside the annoying, arrogant, ego-filled stork that there was a good, golden side of him. \"Oh, come on, Junior! Don't think that I don't know what you're trying to do here.\" Junior spun around, placing a wing on his chest in mock hurt. \"What I'm trying to do? Innocent, ol' me?\" He scoffed. \"You're just jealous because I've got better things to do as a boss than you do.\" \"You don't even do anything!\" \"Excuse me?\" Beak wide open, he stared at her in shock. He couldn't believe she had the nerve to say that. If anything, he was the reason that the business was running so smoothly. \"Clearly you don't know, Tulip, but the boss – also known as moi –\" he shot her a smug grin, \" is the whole reason you're even holding that sloppy baby in the first place.\" Tulip scoffed once again, rolling her green eyes. \"Well, then this sloppy baby wuvs you!\" Junior scrunched his face in disgust. \"N-Just—no, don't ever say that,\" he advised, recoiling. \"But look!\" she cooed as the baby leaned forward and reached out for Junior, pouting. Junior was fighting an internal battle at this point. He wanted to hold the baby, but he didn't want to show his weakness in front of Tulip. Well, he had shown it many times before but she never let him live it down which made it even more unbearable. As the seconds ticked by, Sparkles was beginning to get restless, his large eyes becoming wider. They were filled with tears as his lower lips trembled. \"Oh no, I think he's gonna blow!\" Tulip rushed out in panic. \"Quick, take him!\" \"B-but I haven't finished thinking!\" \"Just take him!\" Tulip yelled in irritation, shoving the baby in his arms. Junior immediately gave in, tucking the baby against his chest. As the baby relaxed in his arms, so did he and with a wing, smoothed down the curly monstrosity on the baby's head called 'hair'. Tulip watched as Junior lovingly smiled down at Sparkles, just as a father did to their child. It warmed her heart to see this side of Junior even though he refused to admit it himself. He was a real softie at heart, and a good...'man'. She only wished that he would see that as well. \"What?\" Junior asked, glancing at her for a brief moment. \"Why're you looking at me all weird like that?\" She scoffed, taking the baby from his arms, trying to distract herself and him from the weird situation. \"I was just thinking about how good you are with babies.\" \"It's a gift that only I-\" \"You were literally afraid of carrying Sparkles just a second ago-\" \"-that only some special storks possess!\" he corrected, not even acknowledging the annoyed expression on Tulip's face. \"Uh, I'm not a stork.\" \"I know.\" \"Well, that's not very nice.\" Junior's face fell and he resisted the urge to slap his forehead. \"That was the point, Tulip.\" \"Oh,\" she said lamely. Tulip's expression settled into one of realisation as she gasped. \" Oh!\" Just when she was about to berate the nervous looking stork, the elevator opened to reveal a certain green coloured pigeon. \"Whaddya guys want?\" Both Junior and Tulip glanced at the other in confusion. \"I was called in by you ages ago, brah!\" \"Okayyy?\" Junior emphasised, awkwardly. \"I'm pretty sure I called for you an hour ago to help with the deliveries.\" \"Oh, sorry brah, I was just busy hangin' out with ma new best friends!\" he exclaimed with no expression whatsoever on his face. Tulip let out a short laugh, not knowing how to respond. \"Wow, well that's amazing Pigeon Toady! Who're your new friends?\" Pigeon Toady said nothing for a second, silently staring at them for a few seconds. The air immediately changed, causing Junior to let out a tiny laugh of awkwardness. \"I gue-\" \"Just kiddin'! You two brahs are my best friends, duh!\" No one responded after that, the piercing silence too much to take. Junior cleared his throat, staring at Pigeon Toady to try and figure out what the heck he was on about. \"Riiiiiiight,\" Junior stretched out. \"Look, Pigeon Toady, the work for today is done so you can go-\" \"No way, brah! I wanna spend all the time I can with ya guys. That's why I'm here, duh.\" \"You really don't have to-\" \"A fat baby!\" Pigeon Toady exclaimed, cutting Junior off. \"Trust me, brahs, I know all about babies. Especially the fat ones.\" Junior and Tulip exchanged wary glances. \"Really, now?\" \"Duh, brah, I'm an expert.\" Without a warning, Pigeon Toady clicked his fingers. \"Gimme that babay!\" Tulip, without asking any questions, grabbed Sparkles from Junior. The latter gave her a questionable look but didn't say anything. She placed Sparkles in Pigeon Toady's arms who seemed to struggle with the weight. He, however, just looked at the human and the stork with a smug expression. Junior grabbed Tulip's arms and dragged her away to the corner. \"Are you sure this is a good idea?\" he spat, eyes frantic. The woman scoffed. \"Of course it is! I mean, Pigeon Toady wants to look after the baby, isn't that great?!\" Junior rolled his eyes. \"Well it would be if that person was anyone other than Pigeon Toady!\" he rushed out through gritted teeth. \"Well, I don't see why you're being such a pigeonist.\" \"A pigeonis—what?! That's not even a word!\" \"It is now.\" If Junior's beak could open any wider, it would have. The only response to the silly, sloppy human in front of him was pointing a wing in the direction of the green pigeon struggling to lift up the baby above his head. Tulip's gaze travelled in the direction of where Junior was pointing and her shoulders dropped. \"Oh. Right.\" Pigeon Toady laughed, trying to get their attention. \"See what ah mean, brahs? An exp-\" PLOP. \"Brahs, this babay is on toppa me! Help meh!\" Tulip instantly ran forward and grabbed the baby from him. \"You okay, Pigeon Toady?!\" she asked, her voice laced with concern. Junior rolled his eyes; Pigeon Toady was only trying to look for attention in his eyes. The fact that Tulip was overly gushing over him annoyed him a little, too. He jolted in his spot as his eyes widened. Annoyed? Him? About Tulip and Pigeon Toady? He didn't realise he had laughed out loud at the silly thought until he looked up and found both Pigeon Toady and Tulip giving him strange looks. He cleared his throat and brought his wings behind his back, straightening up. \"What? I can't laugh, now? Is that it?\" \"Uh, no? But this situation isn't really funny, Junior.\" \"And who are you to decide what a situation means?\" he said, raising an eyebrow. Junior knew she was right, but he didn't want her to know that he was kind of, sort of, a teeeeeensy bit jealous of Pigeon Toady and her chatting together. He scoffed and shook his head in disbelief. It was strange how he didn't even acknowledge her presence before the whole 'trying to become boss' thing and how now, he couldn't even imagine a single day without her. \"You know what, give that baby to me, I'll take him.\" Junior snatched Sparkles from Tulip, wanting to distract himself. He stalked out of the room with Tulip's heavy footsteps following him, leaving Pigeon Toady on his own, slightly twitching from the damage the baby had done to him. \"Ouch, brahs.\" ","Summary":" Hey guys! So I love the underrated movie Storks and the couple Julip (even though I probably should"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"Goo Goo Gah Gah","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11901030","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Goo Goo Gah Gah \"Oh she's so cute! Does she have a name?\" \"Well, I'm thinking 'Goo' or 'Gah.'\" \"Huh?\" \"Well, her first words were goo goo gah gah. I mean, what would you call a baby?\" Tulip bit her lip and remained silent. Junior looked like he wanted to say something but Goo, a.k.a. Gah, was playing with his wings. \"Don't-\" He let out a yelp as a white feather was drawn outwards, followed by a series of squawks, a series of giggles from the baby, and the sight of the feather drifting through the air to land on a now inactive conveyer belt. Once, in Tulip's living memory, Stork Mountain had produced babies by the bucket load. \"One born every minute\" was how the saying went, back in the days were babies were delivered by storks rather than doctors. Now…she sighed, partly as Junior struggled to contain Goo/Gah and keep the remains of his wings intact. Now they were employees of Cornerstore dot com, delivering packages rather than babies. \"Tulip! A little help!\" She took the baby into her arms. On one of the last days of Stork Mountain's original operation, she'd found herself holding babies by the handful, risking life and limb to make sure Stork Mountain's operation went uninterrupted. It had been part of a PR show by a salesman, and it had cost the company time, money, and nearly her job. Packages were much easier to handle, but still… \"Tulip?\" \"Hmm?\" She looked at Junior, even as the baby took a sudden interest in her hair. \"I asked what we're going to do.\" \"I…huh?\" \"A baby Tulip, a baby!\" Junior exclaimed, throwing his wings around. \"The baby maker isn't meant to be activated! Cornerstone doesn't deliver babies, it delivers…um…\" \"Anything and everything,\" Tulip said, repeating the company's motto. \"Exactly!\" Apparently 'anything' and 'everything' doesn't include babies. \"I mean, if management finds out…if the boss knows…\" He clicked his fingers. Which Tulip had no idea how he did so, since he didn't have fingers, but then again, she was talking with a giant stork over the subject of artificially created babies. She'd learnt to accept a lot of things. \"We dump it,\" he said. \"What?\" \"Dump it. Let it run free in the wild! Return it to its natural habitat! We-\" \"No!\" Tulip yelled, and the baby started crying. \"Oh look, you've upset Googah.\" \"Googah?\" \"Yeah, that's her name, Googah.\" Tulip began lifting her up and down. \"Don't worry little Googah, Junior's not going to let you go.\" \"Course not. You're holding her.\" Tulip tried to hand Googah over. Junior let out a squawk and perched on a lever. \"I'd be careful if I were you.\" \"Why?\" Junior asked. \"Will the production line get messed up again? Look around Tulip, there is no production! And you know why there's no production? Because Stork Mountain doesn't make babies anymore!\" Googah tried reaching for another lever, and Tulip drew her back. She'd nearly killed half a dozen babies in that little…booboo, a few years back. She wasn't going to have an actual death on her conscience. So what do we do then? Googah couldn't stay. If management found out, she'd probably be taken down to the faulty products division. And…Tulip suppressed a shudder. She knew what that was like. \"This is great, just great,\" Junior said. \"I accidently make a baby. I could get fired. Plus I've got my delivery route next week and-\" A lightbulb went on above Tulip's head. And she smiled. Firstly because that lightbulb was meant to be dead, and it would save her having to replace it. Secondly, she had an idea. \"Delivery,\" she murmured. \"Junior, that's it! We deliver her!\" \"Huh?\" \"We go out into the world! We leave Stork Mountain, find Googah some parents, and-\" \"Whoa, whoa!\" Junior exclaimed. \"We can't just take out a baby and give her to some people!\" \"Why not? You wanted to dump her earlier?\" \"But that's different. Do you know what it's like to make a delivery when the buyer isn't the actual buyer? All the hassle, all the abuse, all the paperwork? I mean, I-\" Tulip shoved Googah into Junior's wings, and like a chicken, he let out a squawk. \"Junior, you're finding Googah a home, and that's final!\" \"Tulip-\" \"Final!\" She picked up her mop, and felt something inside her. Something that stemmed from Googah's eyes meeting hers. Eyes filled with tears, and the uncertainty of youth. Or maybe it was because she'd missed her tea break. She began to walk off. \"Um, Tulip?\" Junior asked. \"Are you-\" \"You're finding her some parents Junior,\" Tulip said. She placed her mop in a bucket of water, filled with dirt, grime, and a few tears. \"And that's final.\" \"Oh yeah? And what makes you think that's better than handing her off here?\" \"Because I was.\" She looked back at Junior. Googah had fallen silent. And the stork holding her looked petrified. She began to laugh. \"Oh yeah,\" she murmured. \"Did you ever wonder why I'm the only human on Stork Mountain?\" \"I…I assumed you took the job, and-\" \"I was raised here,\" Tulip said. \"I came out of the same baby maker as Googah.\" She sighed, and took a seat, resting the mop over her trousers. \"No parents wanted me – Stork Mountain tailors every baby exactly as they're meant to be. That means mistakes aren't allowed.\" She grunted. \"A mistake. That's all I was. I was allowed to stay, get a job. Helped babies get to parents that had actually ordered them.\" She held the mop in her hands. For a moment, wondering what it would be like to be held by someone close to you. Or held by anyone at all. To actually be delivered. Finally, she looked upwards. \"Find her a home Junior,\" she said. \"For me, if nothing else.\" Junior looked like he wanted to say something. But a look of disgust came over his face. And Tulip understood immediately. \"Tulip, I think she's-\" \"Number one,\" she said, taking Googah in her arms. \"Happens sometimes.\" \"It…what?\" \"Don't worry, I'll clear it up.\" She walked off with the baby, trailing her mop and bucket beside her. \"After all, cleaning up is what I do.\" She reminded herself that this wasn't over. That after finding a new diaper for Googah, Junior would be sent out to find her a home. And that he wouldn't come back until that was done. And then she'd get on with work. Help keep the deliveries running. Help people get what they wanted. ","Summary":" Goo Goo Gah Gah \"Oh she's so cute! Does she have a name?\" \"Well, I'm thinking 'Goo' or 'Gah.'\" "},{"Movie":"I, Frankenstein","Title":"Keepers of the Order","Author":"a-bit-of-this-and-that","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11836927","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I see there's not an abundance of fic in this category, but I always thought this movie was fun. So I've played with it a bit. If you're out there browsing the fandom, let me know what you think. Prelude \"Your best work is waiting for you in an infinity of possibility.\" -Numb3rs Hannah Shepherd walked just behind her father down crowded streets. It was evening and many people were going about their business here and there. For her part, Hannah had no idea what she was doing out just then. In fact, she did not particularly even want to be there. It was not merely a teenager's rebellion- an urge to be independent from a parent's watchful eye. More than that, she simply didn't get along with her father that well. She did not even know how to, really, since he was so rarely around. His job as a detective kept him plenty busy, and he was dedicated to his work. More dedicated than he'd ever seemed to be to his family, anyway. He provided well enough; she didn't go without and she felt safe ...he simply wasn't around. \"Dad, seriously ...can we at least get dinner while we're out here?\" the dark-haired girl complained. \"Later, Hannah,\" Alexander sighed. He slowed a step and allowed the fifteen-year-old to fall into equal step. She grumbled unintelligibly but continued on. Her only further protest was that of her heels dragging on the uneven sidewalk. Alexander Shepherd kept an impassive face, never mind his uneasy thoughts. He did not know how this evening would go- it was impossible to say. However, he had put it off long enough. By their law, she could have come here years ago; he had simply wanted to wait until she was older. She was a smart girl, and, at nearly sixteen, he was running out of excuses. Some of his fellows - friends, a cohort he'd honored for decades- were choosing not to bring their descendants at all. Alexander, on some level, understood this. The life of a Keeper was many things but, on the whole, it was not easy. However, this was Hannah's birthright. Many of her ancestors had lived in this circle and with this knowledge. She had every right to know; it was her job to choose, not his. \"We're meeting some friends,\" was the only explanation he offered at the moment. \"...great.\" Hannah failed to see how it was important that she come along to meet some of his work buddies for dinner and some drinks. She'd been told by her father to \"dress smart,\" but, so far, this hardly seemed worth it ... They continued to walk for some time. Until they neared the towering edifice that was St. Michael's Cathedral. Hannah had never been inside the massive building- when she did go to church, she only ever did so at St. Martain's, which was a small, unassuming chapel near their home. She did not know if regular church services were even held here. So far as she knew, it was more of an Abbey. She'd heard monks lived there, nuns or priests coming for tutelage. The front building was open to the public; the rest closed-off. It seemed like a place they would -maybe- go for a holiday service-maybe. It was not currently any holiday, but it appeared to Hannah that she and her father were headed straight to it. \"Dad?\" \"You know who Michael is, right?\" Given that her father was staring right at the church and, besides, the looming cathedral was impossible to miss, Hannah knew he wasn't talking about one of her school chums or someone from the police force. \"An archangel?\" she shrugged and tugged at her sweater. \"You have his pendent- patron saint of police officers?\" \"And soldier and the like,\" Alexander nodded along. \"Good, good...\" \"Uh-huh ...so we're here, why?\" They'd stepped upon the cobbled way leading up to the front of the church. It was harder for Hannah to drag her feet moodily here because the brick was uneven. Granted, she as curious as to what the inside of the place would look like, but that didn't mean she wasn't baffled. \"This is where we'll meet my friends\" \"Priests?\" Hannah frowned anew. \"A couple,\" he confirmed. \"...why?\" \"In a moment\" Hannah followed her father way all the way up to the stone stairs and ascended them to the wide, thick wooden doors. He pulled the left door open without hesitation and ushered her in. The foyer lead to a beautiful- if surprisingly simple- sanctuary. It was completely empty; Hannah found this creepy, though her dad was unbothered. She eyed the strain-glass windows lining the right and left walls, all the while following her father straight through the middle of the pews towards the front alter. They crossed the dias to another wooden door against he back wall. \"Dad,\" Hannah scowled deeper when he pulled a thick metal key out of his pocket. \"Isn't this place a monastery? Can we even...\" But his key slid easily into the door, opening it with a thick \"click.\" \"...this is the heard of St. Michaels, Hannah. You'll see in a moment,\" he told her unhelpfully. The door opened to a short, dim hall that lead them to a tall, dome-ceilinged entry hall. Hannah lifted her head to look about and admire it. \"Alexander\" Hannah stopped her survey of the room when a deep voice shouted happily. A man with dark, well-coifed hair approached in starched black pants, a fitted black jacket, and a stiff white collar. Her father clearly had not been joking about friends in the clergy, which was odd- he'd never mentioned anything about this place before... \"Father Thomas,\" Alexander smiled widely and accepted the man's hand. \"You must be Hannah,\" the man turned his kind gaze to the girl. \"A pleasure to meet you.\" Hannah glanced at her father but then accepted the man's hand into a firm shake. \"Father,\" she nodded politely. But she didn't understand. Most of her dad's friends who she'd met were gruff men around his own age who he drank or played cards with. This man was polished, friendly, and notably his junior, yet her dad was greeting the younger priest with what seemed like respect. \"Leanore awaits us in the inner chapel ...if you're ready,\" the reverend looked between the pair. Alexander nodded and scrubbed a hand over his chin. He'd shaved today and so was not met with his usual salt-and-pepper whiskers to itch at. \"Uh-huh - come on, hon,\" he nodded to Hannah and ushered her along with a hand between her shoulders. \"You called this place a monastery ...you weren't so far off...\" Father Thomas fell inline right behind them; Hannah glanced back at him momentarily before focusing again. \"Okay,\" she looked back toward her dad. \"Men and women live and work here to do an ancient work. Their duty is sacred...\" It was unprecedented to hear her dad discuss nuns and priests in such reverent tones. She started to worry that he was dying ...maybe he was sick. \"So ...a seminary?\" \"No ...you're going to learn some things tonight that might scare you ...no, no,\" he propelled her on when she tired to stop walking. \"But you're not in danger here - you never will be.\" \"Dad,\" Hannah twisted away from his herding hand. \"What is this place?\" Alexander sighed and glanced at Father Thomas. When his father had brought him here, he'd simply been introduced to Leanore on his twelfth birthday. He felt obligated to do something more for Hannah, though he seemed to be doing poorly. Maybe sooner would have been better, after all ...he thought he'd had a plan. \"A home for the most sacred of beings,\" Thomas interjected when his friend seemed to balk. Hannah cut her thoughtful, dark eyes to him, then. \"You have read the Bible?\" \"Yes\" It was the only proper answer to give a priest. She did not peruse it regularly, but she'd ben to Cadichism and Catholic school. \"Then you know of Lucifer's fall from grace. He and his hoards were defeated by the archangel Michael and cast to earth...\" \"Okay\" \"So where did satan and his hoards go?\" \"...hell?\" \"Not directly or exclusively. What if they walked among us?\" Hannah looked away to her dad, who could not meet her eye. \"But a loving, judicious Got would not leave us to such an end - in a one-sided war with evil. He would send us defenders, would he not?\" \"Dad?\" Hannah complained. She didn't care she was whining. His friend made her uncomfortable. \"There's no reason to be afraid, Hannah,\" Reverand Thomas smiled. \"God's favored angel, Michael, commissioned warriors on humanity's behalf- they walk these halls daily.\" \"Dad,\" Hannah snapped again because she wanted him to make his ole pale here stop. \"I know it sounds insane,\" Alexander spoke up again. \"It was easier now that the other man had cut through the introduction of the ordeal. Now, Alexander could work with his daughter. Because it did sound crazy. He had not raised Hannah in this knowledge like a few did because he wanted her to have a normal childhood. They were not these people- superstitious or overly religious- and this was a big pill to swallow. Hannah scoffed. \"It's why I've brought you ...so you can see and we can talk...\" \"About what?\" \"About the future ...you're becoming an adult and you have the right to know\" \"...know what ? Demons's and angels? What is this? ...no,\" she dug her heels in when he nudged her forward again. \"Let me show you ...remember what I said. You are safe here, hon. I've tread these halls most of my life, like my father and his mother and brothers\" \"Grandpa Gerry comes here?\" \"No. He's retired\" \"From The Postal Office \" \"Come on ...trust me a little longer\" Hannah thought about snapping ' why should I?' but she clamped her mouth shut. She thought this was something of a joke ...or he was unstable. She could always go back to living with grandma Jane like she had when her mother passed. That was always an option... She followed him down arched, stone hallways and then through an open dorway into a wide sanctuary. For a single moment, Hannah noticed the huge stain glass window extending to the ceiling on the opposite wall- then she was distracted by others in the room. They wore ...armor? With capes? Oddly, they made Hannah think of gladiators. Despite that he might be crazy, Hannah took a step closer to her father. \"Hannah Shepherd\" A woman with long, reddish hair stepped from between two men at the edge of the room. She wore a long, blue dress with elegant sleeves, and Hannah thought she stepped out of Medieval Times ...or maybe Lord of the Rings. Joke. This was definitely a very odd joke. \"I am grateful to meet you- I have known Alexander a long time,\" the woman said in a calm, smooth tone. \"My name is Leanore.\" \"Hello,\" Hannah tried to smile politely but couldn't quite manage it. \"DO you know why you're come here today?\" \"...no\" \"We began to explain,\" Alexander sighed. \"And what were you told?\" Leanore smiled on, watching Hannah patiently. \"They ...talked about...angels and demons ...and that my family has been here.\" \"Indeed. I have known many members of your lineage,\" the woman nodded. Hannah thought that sounded strange, but kept her eyes on the woman. She seemed calm and nonthreatening, though, which was nice. \"For centuries, your ancestors have been part of an establishment to aid in our work here and, most importantly, keep the secrets of our Order.\" \"Your Order ?\" \"The warriors commissioned by Michael,\" Reverend Thomas quietly reminded her from behind. \"Our purpose has never wavered, yet the world we live in is ever-changing. We first made ourselves known to the most dedicated monks of the day; these ordained few passed on their secrets. Eventually, trusted parishioners were charged with assisting our holy work and ensuring we are connected to an evolving society. Humans enmeshed in civilization, see and hear what we do not ...\" \"Right...\" \"Proof,\" Leanore smiled softly. \"Society takes so much less on faith now than they once did. Gideon!\" There was a small commotion in the corner of the room. A few strangely-dressed men and women shifted to create a gap, through which a tall, burly man dragged a suited man who was in chains and ...well, a costume mask. Because the too-large eyes, deformed face, and small spikes over the eyebrows had to be a mask... As this Gideon, stony faced and similarly dressed to the others, came closer, Hannah stepped back. Those sharp, needle-like teeth couldn't be real, but they were disconcerting all the same. Her retreat ran into Reverend Thomas, who did not move to let her back-off further. \"Fresh meat!\" The man- it must be a man, right? - hissed at her, spittle flying from his mouth. Gideon bent forward and forcibly yanked on the chains he lead The Man with, sending him forward onto his knees. Her father swiftly kicked hhim in his strange face. Hannah jumped but couldn't move away through the unflinching priest behind her. In fact, no one was batting an eye... \"Proceed,\" Leanore commanded levelly. Gideon thrust his jaw out and pulled a knife from somewhere on his belt. Before Hannah really even processed that move, his cape fluttered out of its own accord and stiffened out into ...wings...or stone. She watched this with eyes and mouth wide, and the rest of the man expanded and morphed to stone, as well, until he looked like a ...a... creature . The creature rose his knife and drove it into the jaw of the masked man. Hannah gasped but was otherwise silenced again by the shock of the stab wound glowing orange, then the head, neck, and chest glowed like an ember and the body immediately burst into flame, which disappeared through the stone floor. With barely a sound, Gideon reappeared as normal as every befor eher. Hannah hardly noticed, for she was busy staring at the space the man had been. Because. He. Had. To. Be. A. Man. Except men did not crumble into flame and disappear. Additionally, men did not turn to stone. \"Holy shit...\" \"Hannah\" She stepped away from her father's comforting hand and also past Reverend Thomas. Too afraid to turn her back on the room, she backed away until she met the door. \"Hannah...\" \"That was ...he was...\" \"A demon,\" her father gently offered. 'They hide amongst humans...\" Hannah shook her head slowly. \"Yes\" She ignored that. \"And he's...\" she looked at Gideon standing stoic beside Leanore, his knife hidden away again. \"...a gargoyle.\" \"...no...\" \"Yes, Hannah; you've seen,\" he continued. \"What are we doing here?\" she whispered. \"Why...\" \"We're Keepers ...I've been associated here since I was younger than you\" \"You're a detective,\" Hannah argued, back still flat on the wall. \"I am. And ever since I\"ve been a street cop, I've been in a perfect position to know what's going on in this city. What's normal, what's strange, where things happen, who does what - that's the knowledge I can lend here...\" \"Stop\" \"I've been schooled and trained by the Order since I was a teenager. I continued to live my life, chose a career, and chose how to use that skill set for my work here - mine was a no brainer, but you don't need to be a detective,\" he promised. Hannah's eyes darted fearfully around the room because what she could process of what he said sounded like a cult. \"You don't have to do this at all,\" he added. Hannah squeezed her eyes shut in hopes of waking from a dream. \"Leanore,\" Alexander diverted his attention. \"I'll take her home, now. I'll explain the details and history when she's ...had some time.\" \"Of course,\" the woman moved forward but paused when Hannah's reopened eyes widened. \"I hope we will see you return here again soon,\" she bid. Hannah didn't trust herself to respond. \"I\"ll be in touch soon\" \"Certainly,\" Leanore responded to him. \"And if she declines, she will still have to return once more whenever that time comes...\" \"I know,\" Alexander nodded. \"Hannah, hon, c'mon...\" Hannah felt she was shutting down the longer they stayed there, so she let her dad take her arm and lead her away. Reverend Thomas followed soundlessly. \"Now we wait and hope she will return to us,\" Leanore breathed deeply. \"I do not wish numbers to continue to dwindle...\" \"She did better than some,\" Gideon remarked. \"She did not cry,\" Levi commented from where he'd chose to come watch by the wall. \"Or vomit,\" Someone else added. A few laughed. True enough; there had been more visceral reactions to the first sightings of a gargoyle and a capture and executed demon. Even an odd child who'd been raised knowing their history and lore were overcome when they were first allowed to see the reality of thigns. \"Enough,\" Leanore commented but did not seem truly upset. \"Let us no disrespect our human comrades - many once shocked have proven brave. We need Keepers to support our purpose.\" The laughter died, all gathered considering various ways past and present Keepers had offered aid to the efficiency of their cause and gone to lengths to keep the secrets entrusted to them. Human through Keepers may be, they were essential and revered.[Chapter 2] A Second Home \"The best people possess a feeling for beauty, the courage to take risks, the discipline to tell the truth, the capacity to sacrifice. Ironically, their virtues make them vulnerable. They are often wounded, sometimes destroyed.\" -Ernest Hemingway Hannah Shepherd was running late, so she hurried across the dim street with a rushed gate. She'd not even taken time to change fully from her work clothes; her bottom half was still adorned in teal hospital scrubs, her top in the white, long-sleeve undershirt she'd worn all day. Far and away - not the best outfit she owned. Jogging, she covered the cobbled walkway that lead to St. Michaels and ascended the stairs so she could push through the old wooden door at the front of the church. Inside was the same as it every was- dark wooden pews lining the path she walked up to the front of the sanctuary ...simple but pretty as ever. Admittedly, she preferred it in the morning when more light poured through the multi-colored windows. The small, unbecoming door behind the altar clicked and crept open before Hannah actually reached it. \"Ms. Shepherd- just who I was looking for\" \"Father Thomas,\" she offered him a small smile. He was now the reverend officially tasked with overseeing the parish, though he was far from being the one to actually oversee the entire compound. He was older now than the middle-aged man she had met upon her original arrival, but his ready smile was the same. \"Problem?\" she combed through ehr dark hair in agitation. \"Oh, no ...no problem. I only overheard you'd not yet arrived\" He held up an arm, which Hannah willingly stepped under to accept his hug. It was brief but warm all the same. \"Go on, then,\" he waved her off. With a nod, Hannah hurried off down the short hall and into the cathedral's true entry beyond. Still grand and imposing as it had ever been, Hannah was far used to it. She led herself through a maze of hallways, bypassed the center chapel, and headed upstairs. \"You're late\" She was met on the third floor landing by Gideon. He stood against the wall, thick arms crossed in front of his leather-protected chest. \"Thank you for pointing that out- I'm shocked,\" she quipped at his obvious statement. As she continued down the corridor, he shoved off the wall to walk in-step with her. \"You haven't been here in a while,\" he further stated. \"So this isn't casual,\" Hannah paused. \"Were you waiting around for me to show up?\" \"I wondered if you would,\" he informed. \"Course I did. Christopher called; here I am\" Christopher Kaminski was the senior most Keeper at Michael's Cathedral and was in charge of the loose hierarchy amongst them. It wasn't necessarily so much a power structure as it was a way to organize themselves, but there was definitely a level of respect for seniority and experience amongst the group. \"Mmhmm - where've you been?\" he demanded. \"I've been busy, mother,\" Hannah frowned. \"Is there a problem?\" \"You can't just disappear,\" he glowered. \"Now on my watch.\" \"I didn't disappear, I'm right here. If you want to get in touch, just call,\" she reasoned. \"You know how to use a phone these days, yeah?\" Gideon did not appreciate the suggestion that perhaps he was ignorant. Of course he knew how to use a phone- he was not idiotic. \"I shouldn't need to wonder where you are,\" he maintained, refusing to rise to her annoying bait. \"...can I go now?\" \"Wouldn't want to be late,\" he waved her ahead. The corner of his mouth twitched upwards like he wanted to smirk when she gave a huff and went along on her way. Hannah left him behind and curved around the corner to get to their meeting room. This floor housed Keeper's bedrooms- should they have need of them- as well as some common rooms they were all welcome to as they wanted. One such was the conference room. When Hannah entered, the room was already filled with a perfectly rat-tag group of individuals. The whole lot of them were more or less unremarkable, which , after all, was the point. They were every-day. They blended-in. They were just people. \"Sorry, Chris,\" she excused her tardiness. \"You haven't missed much- have a seat, have a seat ...\" the older man gestured her further inside. Hannah shuffled in and pulled out a seat at the long, dark wooden table. \"As I was sayin: I know we couldn't all be here tonight, so it's not obvious but Meredith elected to leave us,\" he neglected to beat around the bush. Such was Christopher's way. As a whole, though, the room was quite taken aback. They blinked silently, some darting glances to each other. Meredith DeCarlo was a few years older than Hannah. She didn't know the other woman well, but she'd always seemed devoted ...and tough. She was a journalist for a local paper and wasn't afraid to dig even in this work. She wasn't afraid to get in the thick of anything, which sometimes landed her in trouble ...but she'd always been there. \"Why?\" someone finally asked. \"It's been in the works for a while, now ...that fiance of hers is looking to move back home- he's French. We got plenty of work there o'course, but she ain't interested. Wants to start clean and fresh like. It wasn't anything we let go lightly, but here we are ...\" Here they were, indeed. One less among them and no more to come from her line of ancestors, most probably. Somehow, it was understandable and tragic all in one. \"She made her vows of future silence to Leanore on Monday\" So it was incredibly final. Already done in its entirety. Hannah wasn't quite sure how she felt. Meredith was not the first Keeper she'd ever known to have left, but it was not common. Not at all ...she knew of more Keepers who'd been killed than those who had up and left like this. So, though not altogether unheard of, this was a shock; certainly it was not the simple check-in she had imagined. \"It's a bit to digest, so I'm going to conclude us there for tonight, huh?\" Christopher looked around at those gathered. \"Then good night...\" The room remained still a while longer before they started to rise and go about their own business- some would go on home, some would linger, and still others would retire to their rooms there at the Abbey. \"Never would've thought it from her,\" the tall, thin man exiting with Hannah commented. Liam was the only one there with any regularity that was Hannah's age. \"No joke\" \"...she was a solid chick,\" the Aussie shook his head. \"Don't think I could do it, ya know- up and leave,\" he mused. \"Course you couldn't. Squatter,\" Hannah accused. Liam only grinned- guilty but not sorry. Liam was one of the Keepers who'd taken to completely living there in the allotted space at the abbey. He was the resident computer nerd ...he was admittedly odd at times but was invaluable around the place. He could do almost anything and, of great import, made sure the immortal beings of this place stayed where they were there in the 21st century. Of course he couldn't leave. Where else would he go and have the general run of the place? He, naturally, wouldn't decide to disappear. \"I gotta go,\" Hannah announced suddenly. \"I'll see you later.\" Liam didn't seem bothered by her departure, so she immediately scuttled off the way she'd come. Gideon no longer lurked in the corridor by the status- he probably hadn't stuck around long after she'd made it to the meeting. \"Ophir,\" she came to a sop on the next landing up. \"Ms. Shepherd,\" he smiled lazily toward her. \"Have you seen Gideon?\" He scrunched his nose. \"I would grant him a wide berth, Hannah,\" he warned her. \"He is not in good spirits...\" \"...but have you seen him?\" The black-haired man rolled his eyes. \"He spoke of the armory. I say again: I would not go.\" \"Chicken\" \"I hope he throws you from the tower,\" he returned. Hannah only smiled. \"It's good to see you\" \"And you,\" he smiled. \"We have missed you.\" \"Me, too...\" Hannah assumed he meant Keziah, as they were each other's \"we\" on most occasions. Of course, this was only because they were \"just friends\"...or whatever nonsense excuse they had. If they even really needed excuses - those here didn't seem to notice the proximity, and the looks, and the smiles. Maybe it was easier for humans who were allowed to love to notice these things. She bade farewell to Ophir with a small wave and continued down the main corridor to the Eastern most staircase so she could get up to the armory at the top of the East tower. Axes, knifes, various swords, bows and arrows, and a couple syths lined the walls and tables. She did not spend much time up there- firearms were in a different weapons room. These were the classic weapons of the gargoyles. The commander stood amongst them in one of the tall, open window ways. He stood with a shoulder braced against the sill as he sharpened a blade. He was stoic but strong where he stood, back erect and proud in his brown leather armor. \"If this is your attempt at stealth, you've failed.\" His deep voice startled her some, but she wasn't all that surprised, actually. \"I'll have to work on that,\" Hannah responded carelessly. Gideon looked over his shoulder sternly at her. Surely he thought she should be working on it- no jesting allowed on the topic. \"You were worried about me,\" she stated when he looked away again. He quickly glanced to her once more. \"When you got on my case about disappearing,\" she clarified. He scoffed softly through his nose and returned to slowly sharpening his blade. \"...Chris told us all about Meredith\" Gideon went rigid at the mention of the other woman but didn't turn around again. \"Sounds like it's been a long couple weeks around here with all of that...\" He didn't respond, but Hannah wasn't bothered. She walked further into the circular room, trailing a slim finger along the hilt of one of the swords rested upon the wall at shoulder height. It was hard to call this weaponry \"primative\" when they looked so beautiful. \"Did you think I followed her out of here?\" His stiff posture did not change. \"Her ...debacle has kept Keepers on my mind; I realized it had been some time since you've entered here.\" \"And you were anxious\" He sharpened his blade. \"And instead of saying so, you got angry- typical\" He was not radiating warmth, of course, but Hannah continued over to join him in the tall window. From there, she could look down upon the city as night descended. It was beautiful and also slightly eerie. As it ever was... \"It's strange ...about Mer\" \"She is selfish,\" Gideon retorted easily. Silence fell for a few moments. \"I'm sure it wasn't easy\" \"Don't speak of what you do not know ...you were not here,\" he spat. Hannah didn't know what the accusation in his words were, exactly. Ragging on her for talking out of turn. Pointing fingers again about being MIA for weeks longer than was normal. She supposed that it didn't matter very much. Sighing, she lowered herself to sit on the floor, scrub-clad legs dangling along the edge of the tower. \"Sorry you've had a hard time,\" she muttered. \"And that I made you worry.\" He didn't respond, and Hannah busied herself with the shadowed streets below. She thought being up here above everyone should make her feel strong and powerful...but it often reminded her she was a small part of a big world. Lonely. \"Sit,\" she urged, patting the thick brick next to her. Gideon shifted his booted foot away from her wandering hand, so she assumed she was ignored until he shifted. In his typical Gideon fashion, he half-acquiesced to her request by squatting down next to her. Good enough. He was gruff and aggravating enough, but he was Gideon. She'd never feared him, even on days like this when Ophir gave her warning. Gideon had frightened her the first evening she entered St. Michaels, but never again since then. Not since the second time she saw him when he managed to prove himself a savior as well as a stabber of demons... . \"Dad!\" Hannah screeched when the window of their living room shattered and showed a man standing amongst broken glass. He just stared at her, looking away only when thundering came from the stairs and her father appeared from his room, gun in hand. \"Run\" Hannah obeyed and dashed out of the room for the kitchen so she could get to the back door. A window over the sink and the kitchen door flew in; she screamed and threw her hands over her head to shield from splinters and glass. \"Hannah!\" her dad bellowed. She amde for the door again but found her way blocked, and hands grabbed her shoulders. \"No!\" she kicked out. \"Hannah!\" Her dad yelled again. Commotion came from the den. She continued to squirm and kick while the hand pulled at her arms. \"Stop! Dad!\" Hannah cried when she was wrenched around. Two bodies fell in through the doorway, and then one flashed into a cloud of flame and disappeared. Demons? Shit. Shit... She'd not seen such a thing since St. Michaels over a month ago. Her and her dad had done much talking about it, but she'd not yet made a choice to see these things again. Her father shoved himself off the floor, a knife in hand. \"Ah-ah,\" the voice behind Hannah crooned, fingers digging into her upper arms. Alexander gripped his knife tight, glancing between the dark man by his sink and Hannah and the other man by the back door. \"Why don't you put that consecrated knife down. On the floor ...now, Keeper ,\" Hannah was shaken hard enough that her neck seemed to rattle. \"Dad?\" Hannah breathed. \"It's alright ...it's okay...\" Alexander loosened his hold on the knife so he held it between two fingers and then dropped it with a clatter. \"Now let her go\" \"Not today\" The other figure in the room moved with inhuman speed and grabbed Alexander by the hair to yank his head back. Hannah gasped. \"Let's take a walk\" Both Hannah and Alexander were jostled out of the kitchen and eventually to the unfinished basement. With no explanation, Alexander was shoved to the basement railing and zip-tied to it. The other one found a length of extension cord to tie Hannah's hand behind her back. She was pushed to the floor and the demons raced away... \"What're they doing?\" Floorboards were creaking, but there was little other noise. \"We're going to be alright,\" Alexander promised. \"How? What will they do?\" Hannah demanded. \"Our friends will come\" \"Dad-\" \"They'll come, Hannah,\" he repeated. His steadiness in the face of dire circumstances made Hannah actually believe him despite her fear. \"How?\" she repeated, lip trembling. \"Demons leave a trace and they are always watching. This is a Keeper's house...\" He still spoke levelly - she knew it was his work voice- but his eyes looked worriedly at her. \"They'll come?\" \"We keep their secrets and our ears to the ground - they watch us vigilently\" \"...I thought they protect all humans,\" Hannah blinked tears. \"We get an extra fly-by,\" he winked. She didn't know how he could joke . Maybe this wasn't so bad ... The two beings reappeared, zipping down the stairs again in a blur. One grabbed Hannah's elbow and yanked her to her feet. \"Dad?!\" She tried to twist away, but the grip remained tight. She tried again; she wanted to be back by her dad- he was the only thing there that felt good or normal. But she was hustled and forced away. \"No!\" she groaned and fought and kicked. \"It's going to be okay!\" Her dad called over the commotion. \"It's going to be alright, baby...\" \"You're a Keeper, too, aren't you, pretty?\" One of the men stood in front of her. \"No,\" she shook her head quickly. \"She's not,\" Alexander confirmed loudly. \"Only me...\" The thing gave a knowing grin and lolled his head around to look at the tethered man. \"But she has begun ...and she's young ...and pliable ...we'll see if she's breakable,\" he winked. The detective tried to lurch forward and he strained at the plastic ties at his arms. Hannah watched him struggle, and her own panic rose seeing it. It wasn't alright- it was definitely as bad as it seemed. The demon behind her wrapped some of the excess cord around her wrists a few more times before sliding the rest of the length all the way through the middle. A small \"thwap\" followed, but Hannah didn't catch what the movement was. Her father cursed, so her eyes were back on him. \"Watch me- eyes on me, baby,\" he ordered. She wanted to know why but couldn't ask. A thick, sliding sound met her ears just as her arms began to lift behind her. \"No, no, no,\" she breathed and craned her neck around to see the end of the wide cord had been tossed up to loop over one of the exposed rafters. \"It's okay...\" Hannah grunted as her arms stretched past comfort. \"You've met Leanore,\" the man before her stated. Queen of the gargoyles. Hannah shook her head urgently. \"That's a lie,\" he told her knowingly, sounding almost bored. The cord tugged, and she leaned forward as her arms were pulled highers. She tensed. \"We know you've been to the Cathedral. Leanore's domain...\" \"No- ah!\" Hannah choked on a sob. She was just barely able to stand on her toes, then, and her heard was racing. \"I know it hurts- it's not easy. I'm sorry,\" Alexander began a string of consolation. \"I know. I know how...\" \"What could you have learned in the weeks since then,\" the demon gazing into her eyes wondered, eyes hungry on her face. \"We don 't talk, Hannah. I'm so sorry it's not easy...\" \"Nothing,\" Hannah swallowed. The demon grasped her jaw and shoved her head up. His own head tilted curiously at her. \"We have to have secrets, Han. It's hard, but we're strong.\" Hannah was trying to listen to her dad but was also scared thinking of her arms and when they would be cranked again. Her mind raced, her heart hammered... And she almost didn't notice when the blonde demon left her to stand before her dad and punch him across the face. His whole body moved with the hit. \"Stop!\" Hannah screeched. \"We're strong,\" Alexander said again, blood seeping from under his eyes when he straightened his head. \"No matter what. It's who we are...\" His sentence was cut short when the demon man grasped his throat. He produced a knife from his pocket - Alexander's own dagger- and, almost before Hannah noticed it, the demon sliced it through his throat. \"Aauggh!\" Hannah screamed. She'd meant to call out to her dad, but the cord had pulled higher behind her and Hannah rose off her toes. Pain exploded in her shoulders, and she was also sure her brain had exploded. There was no way that had happened. Except there was blood... And he was slumped forward, weight suspended on his wrists. Limp. \"Dad! D00\" Hannah choked and kicked wildly where she hung. \"Uhhh...hmmmm,\" she moaned. It was hard to process through the searing pain what had happened. If it had happened... It had. \"OH my god,\" she groaned. Once the cord was tied-off, both demons stood in front of her while she sobbed. \"She is young...\" \"Not as young as some of them,\" the blond dismissed. \"...should we bring her back somewhere more secure?\" \"There's six of us,\" the blond snorted. He grabbed a chunk of brown hair on the crown of Hannah's head and pulled to peer in her face. He didn't care one bit about the tears marring her face- he was unaffected. And then a ball of flame hurtled down the stairs, and some of the walls cracked. Growling, the demon's eyes burned red and they whirled round. Shuddering, crashing, and wood splintering filled the basement room. Hannah sealed her eyes tight and curled up as protectively as she was able to, knees pulling to her chest as she dangled unprotected. She shouted when an arm came around her waist, but she saw brown instead of black when her eyes snapped open. It felt she was hosted over a shoulde,r and she saw a ...cape. Gargoyles? \"Shhh, shh...\" Hannah did not protest, for being lifted offered relief to her shoulders. While she was held with one arm, another reached up to yank and pull free the orange cord. Slowly, carefully, her arms lowered to rest against her. It was painful and relieving all at once, and she was grateful to be lowered to the floor because she didn't know if she could stand up. When she was released she sat back and saw Gideon- of course she'd not forgotten him. He was looking her over. \"Hands...my hands,\" she whimpered. He silently leaned around her and loosened the binds to push them away. Her breath hitched when her arms bumped and moved; she was concerned more with looking around frantically\" \"They're ...the demons...\" \"Are gone,\" he promised steadily. \"They're ...not coming back?\" she blinked and tears streamed away. \"No,\" he sounded sure. \"Sentries are circling for any lookouts they may have had.\" That sounded good. \"My dad,\" she sobbed. \"He's ...\" she only sniffed. \"I know,\" he breathed. \"...dad,\" she practically squeaked and tried to scramble around Gideon. \"No,\" he rose faster to block her; his hands grabbed her waist-avoiding her arms- to hold her. \"You should not look.\" \"I need to...\" \"He'll be taken to the church and cleaned up for you\" An involuntary whimper escaped her. Gideon cupped her face and dutifully swiped at her wet cheeks. \"You do not want to see- do not look,\" he insisted and held her cheeks more firmly when she tried to look around him. \"They just ...they...\" she sputtered. \"I know\" Hannah looked fully at him, his brows neatly furrowed and eyes washed with genuine sorrow. \"I know,\" he repeated. \"You will see him clean and prepared for ceremony, as you should. Come...\" He drew her to him in what she thought would merely be a hug. She wrapped her arms around his neck, but as soon as his reached her waist he began to change ...growing wider and harder under her arms. A \"swish \" announced his wings, and they rose from the basement and into the night. Hannah didn't know how she felt about heights, so she hid her face. She found that, though Gideon was harder in this form, he still radiated warmth as any body ...and soon she was crying. She clung tight, eyes shut, and before long they stuttered to a stop. They were in the inner cathedral where Hannah ahd first seen gargoyles and demons. That made Hannah want to cry more, but she just stood there when Gideon set her to her feet. She was shaking, but it hadn't really been cold out... \"Come...\" She let Gideon lead her to a bench that sat at an angle to the stain glass window and back from the alter. He had to nudge her to sit, at which time Leanore entered Hannah's peripheral. \"What's happened?\" \"Keziah! Send someone with a blanket and search for the closest doctor,\" Gideon barked, making Hannah jerk. \"Gideon,\" Leanore insisted. \"Try not to move,\" Gideon said softly and brushed his fingers lightly over Hannah's upper arm. \"You'll be tended to momentarily...\" He moved across the room to converse quietly with Leanore. Hannah watched blankly. She knew he was talking about her and her father... Who was dead. Because demons had come... . Gideon and Leanore had stayed with her until her grandpa Gerald could be brought to St. Micheals. Once she began to break out of her shock, Hannah had been adamant on becoming a Keeper- admittedly, she'd begun on the fix because she wanted to kill demons ...a lot of them. Her grandpa had taken her to a convent in Denmark, where she'd been able to finish school as well as train with the Gargoyles from Coppenhagen and learn a whole new kind of hisotyr. She finally returned home to go to University and work with St. Michaels. Like her dad. And here she was perched at a tower window with the Commander of these gargoyles. Life could be so wild. He was sharpening a half of an axe blade, for Christ's sake. Hannah reached to trace a finger along its fine edge and pick at the corner tip. \"...careful,\" he slowly warned. \"I'm not a child,\" Hannah rolled her eyes. \"No, I suppose you no longer are,\" Gideon agreed. \"Even to you, old man?\" A soft snort was the only sign to indicate that he might have felt any level of amusement at her words. \"You are past the age of adulthood in any time I have lived to know,\" he reasoned. Hannah considered his words and knew it had been many ages that he could account for. She did not know his precise age, only that it had been centuries ...centures of fighting, both winning and losing as times ticked by. \"You've probably lived to know a lot like Meredith ...do they every come back?\" He looked at her sharply. \"...rarely.\" \"Right,\" Hannah nodded slowly. She wasn't shocked but his perspective was good to have. \"They leave, find an easier life- what reason is there to then return?\" he dared her. Hannah didn't rise even though she, too, knew the temptation of taking off. Work plus the Order was a hectic life, and it was easy to resent it. She could move to a different city, find another hospital or doctor's office to work at. Life would be easier... She supposed any Keeper had similar feelings, at least now and again. She didn't know how to ask whether gargoyles hosted such rebellious ideas. 'I'm so sorry it's not easy...' This is who they were. She didn't think it was a good conversation to pursue further with Gideon, for she didn't imagine he'd kindly debate subversive thoughts on the topic. Instead, she remained sitting quietly. \"I patrol with Barachel and Ophir tonight,\" Gideon announced and stood from his crouch at the window. \"Mmmm ...be safe...\" \"You are remaining here ?\" Gideon raise an eyebrow. \"That okay? I'm not planning to steal,\" she gestured around the room. \"Or take a dive,\" she nodded out below. \"As you please,\" he held his hands out in a what the hell fashion. \"Good night\" \"And you\" Gideon crossed the armory in steady strides to descend the spiral stairs so he could fetch his fellow warriors and be gone to work. Once he was out of sight, Hannah leant lazily on the window sill and swung her feet. Maybe tonight she'd stay here- she hadn't in a while, but with tonight's strangeness and memories of her dad, she might do well to stay connected for the night.[Chapter 3] Humans and Gargoyles \"There is a notion I would like to see buried: the ordinary person. Ridiculous. There is no ordinary person.\" -Alan Moore Hannah Shepherd sat cross-legged in one of the wooden pews of St. Michaels Church. A small, cardboard box of bullets sat next to her, and she held a single bullet in one hand, a knife in the other. All of her concentration was on the bullet while she carefully etched the sign of the Gargoyle Order in the side of the bullet shell. It was not hard work, per say. It was a simple symbol, just a triple-beamed cross. The only issue was that bullets were small and smooth; if she wasn't careful, she slipped and nicked a finger. That was why she'd come here where it was quiet to do the tedious but essential work. A few simple lines etched into the bullet meant a gun could descend a demon. It was not an ideal weapon for gargoyles working in dark and in secret, but for a moral Keeper it was best to fight from a distance when one could. Hannah straightened the glasses on her nose and dropped a finished bullet. Then onto the next projectile- one could never have too many... \"You should not be out here\" Hannah flinched and, sure enough, cut the edge of her left middle finger. \"Good evening to you, too,\" she quipped. She looked up and Gideon was filling the doorway that would lead to the abbey. \"Anyone could enter,\" he griped smoothly. \"It's late- no one's coming. It's quiet here.\" Gideon ignored her pointed comment and strode closer across the front dais. Hannah watched with mild curiosity- she couldn't remember seeing him out here before in the church. \"You imagine Father Thomas would like you in his sanctuary with weapons?\" Gideon's voice did not seem amused. \"This isn't really an average church\" \"The fact remains: you shouldn't be out here. Come inside,\" his tone took on its authoritative quality. Tough she was not directly one of Gideon's warriors to command, she was never really able to ignore that voice from him. She knew that he knew it, so she put up no pretense tonight; she set her belongings in the box and got up to go back to the abbey. She shifted her thing to her right and swiped her cut on her jeans to examine it clean. It didn't seem deep, but it stung and she pressed her tongue against it in lieu of abundant options. Tutting, Gideon yanked her hand away from her face and examined the cut. \"It's nothing\" \"I know-ah,\" she hissed between her teeth when he pressed his thumb hard against it without announcement. \"Gimme that.\" She slipped her hand from his and ignored his annoyed look. She did let him lead the way through the door and into the abbey foyer. \"Guess I'm going to finish this in my room. Am I allowed to be there ?\" \"You know the answer to that,\" he shot back. \"But you should be training.\" \"Yeah, yeah\" \"You've not been to the training rooms recently\" Hannah grumbled. With all of his soldiers to keep track of training and posts for, she never really understood how he also knew these things all the time, too. \"I've been a little preoccupied. I picked up some extra shifts at the hospital, so I know what's happening in the ER. I'm tired- you're welcome,\" she added sarcastically. \". ...you're prickly today.\" \"I'm tired,\" she repeated. She knew he may not fully understand that. The gargoyles, they did not need sleep. Not really, at least; not like humans. They rested, but it was more a form of meditation than sleep... \"And?\" \"And. I'm. Tired.\" \"You are a petulant child some days,\" Gideon informed her. He headed her off so she'd take a left. Hannah thoughtlessly followed along, unsure if it was worth bickering about. \"I don't want to go train in the basement,\" Hannah came to a stop when she realized they were headed toward the South building so they could get to the far basements. Like a sheepdog, he'd moved her in the opposite direction of where she wanted to go while they briefly chatted. \"You need to make sure you're practicing, especially right now.\" They city had seen a recent rash of physical attacks. Many had died- a few had pulled through despite the attempts made to physically rip them apart. The police had originally thought it was some sort of animal attack, but once people were found in their homes they realized they were more purposeful than that. Given that some organs were missing, they were going with the theory of some kind of ritualistic killings- not so far off. Demons. Hannah had been in the ER when some living victims had been brought in. It had been ...rough going. But those the gargoyles had reached in time were still alive and, as much as Hannah had so far picked-up, weren't talking about anything supernatural. \"You think I don't know that?\" Hannah blinked up at the tall gargoyle. \"You know I'm the one who's actually seen and spoke to the eviscerated humans you've saved, right? I know what's going on.\" Gideon's eyes softened, but only for a moment and his face was steely once more. \"All the more reason to train- it's why I came to find you,\" he told her flatly. No remorse. Hannah's shoulders slumped and Gideon clearly took that as a sign of his own personal triumph. He took her box of work and ushered her ahead. She refused to look at him, sure he was feeling cocky as hell; she worked on braiding her hair back instead. The abbey, always a little drafty, grew cooler the further down they went. The second basement was largely sparse and open, save for support pillars dotting the area. Then mats were spread about for sparring for Keepers and gargoyles alike. Hannah spotted Liam and was surprised he'd come down. He was not one for guns or any other weapons in the place. He claimed to fully realize the necessity for them, but in his own hands they made him uncomfortable ...yet here he was. Another sign that things were in a bout of serious shit - even pencil pushers were being bullied down here. \"No, no,\" Gideon threw an arm out in front of Hannah when she tried to make a beeline for her Australian friends. \"Too easy.\" He clearly might as well have read her mind. \"Rebekah\" A tall, light haired woman appeared before them momentarily. \"Gideon\" The female gargoyle was not dressed in her standard armor but instead dark cotton pants and a fitted top. She'd probably been down here some time, working and helping train. \"Hannah's going to change, prep, and train with you. Be kind- she's tired ,\" he finished slowly. She glared at him and wanted to punch him for that shit-eating grin, but he'd probably take that as an invitation to be her sparring partner. Gideon did not go easy; she didn't want to have to deal with that tonight. She bit her tongue and, with a swish of her dark braid, she trailed toward the shower room to change. Soon enough, she was stretching on a mat in dark leggings and a grey long-sleeve top. Everyone else was as they'd been; Gideon was now slowly prowling through the groups like a hunting jungle cat looking for weakness. ... ... \"Up,\" she shouted gruffly almost as soon as Hannah's back hit the matt, courtesy of Rebekah. Hannah grunted softly but did just that and rolled over and up onto her bare feet. \"You're slow today\" \"I wasn't joking about the whole exhausted thing,\" she painted because, unlike her gargoyle sparring partner, it didn't take ages to get winded. \"Or you haven't been devoting the proper time here,\" Gideon countered. \"She's not doing so bad,\" Rebekah smiled. Even this pseudo-compliment wasn't all that cheering, especially when Gideon only scoffed. \"Begin again\" Rebekah leapt at her and they began the dance of sparring over again while the Commander stalked on. Perhaps the gargoyle woman was right- she didn't do horrible, especially since it had been a while since she'd had a proper workout down here. She did not \"win\" by any definition of the world, but she held her own. Hannah landed her own hits and offered good defense- sometimes that was the best to expect with a gargoyle to spar against. They were fast and strong-more so than humans could hope to be. \"Ooph!\" The air puffed out Hannah's lungs and she stumbled forward onto her knees after a firm blow to her chest. She coughed to get her breath back; before she could stand again, a hand fisted in her braid and pulled back so her throat pulled taut. Gideon stood above her. \"Dead\" Panting, Hannah did have the energy to muster a glare at him. She grabbed at his hands to pry his fingers ...but to no avail. \"Perhaps you do need that rest\" Hannah had a smart retort along the very original liens of \" told you so\" when Gideon used his grip to hoist her onto her feet. \"Ah- that's attached\" He surveyed her with critical eyes, doing the math on her with whatever ancient arithmetic made most sense to him. \"I finished your work for you,\" he nodded over his shoulder and let go of her hair. Following the gesture showed Hannah her box seated on the third stone stair. She understood herself dismissed. \"Thanks\" He nodded. \"And thanks, Rebekah. I'm definitely going to be sore tomorrow\" And with that she plodded on up to the third floor and put her things away in her room. A long soak seemed in order, so she did just that in the small tub in her quarters' washroom. Her muscles thanked her for it, but she really was going to feel all of this for a while... In her room, she flopped on the end of her double bed. Overall, the Keeper's rooms were carbon copies of one another: light stone walls, one ceiling light, a small dresser, and a small desk and chair. Hannah had a personalized her room with photos taped over her desk and a grey and yellow bedspread she'd purchased to cover the plain white one standard to the rooms. It wasn't as cozy as her personal apartment in the city, but it was a good second home. It was safe. So she forgot the hectic goings-ons in the rest of the city and wormed into the thick, warm bed. After a couple days off, Hannah was back to work with a couple doubles spotted here and there at the hospital. Today, it was a fairly slow shift so far, not that she was going to complain about that. Slow was alright, slow meant safe. Content enough with how the day had been proceeding, Hannah sat at the nurses station updating and signing off on patient charts at the desk. \"Hemhem\" Hannah clicked out of a medication list and looked up with a polite smile when someone approaching the desk stopped and cleared their throat. The professional demeanor slipped when she took in who was in front of her. \"Hannah\" Gideon stood there in front of her; she even blinked a few times to be sure. \"Uh ...hi\" She had seen Gideon in clothes besides his armor, but usually it was in casual athletic attire. Once, a couple years ago, he had come here to the hospital with the urge to check on a man he and Levi had barely recognized, but even that had been planned ...and quite some time ago. \"Bad timing?\" he frowned. \"...no...\" Hannah smiled and stood to look and see over the counter so she was able to look him up and down. He wore dark-wash jeans and a suit jacket over a thinly plaid shirt and a slim tie. He looked ...good. \"Wow ...\" she couldn't quite help herself. \"...what?\" he glanced down at himself and then around as if to ensure he did not stick out. \"Nothing, you look ...it's nothing,\" Hannah shook it off. \"So what's going on? What's wrong?\" \"Wrong?\" his voice lilted some. His eyes still scanned the halls. He seemed on edge, which only confirmed that something must be off. \"Yeah - wrong\" \"Nothing's wrong,\" Gideon's mouth tilted downward. \"Why's something wrong?\" \"Well ...you're here,\" she waved an arm around, \"so I thought ...something was going on.\" \"...I can't come se you here?\" Hannah wasn't sure if he sounded more confused or more offended as he shoved both hands partially into his front pockets. \"It's not that ...only that you don't,\" she reminded him. \"Not without planning to, at least.\" \"Ah,\" he nodded. \"Yes, I suppose that's so ...but,\" he cleared his throat, \"you'd said you were busy and tired from work. I thought I should come see how you are.\" \"That's nice of you\" \"Well,\" he shrugged in a way that seemed to say ' duh .' Right. Being of light. \"I could ...\" Hannah looked to her watch, \"do lunch?\" He nodded and waited while she closed up on the computer and cleared her things to stash in the staff room. When Hannah returned, one of their coworkers was chatting with Gideon, which was incredibly hard to wrap her head around- world's merging and all that. \"...how long have you known Hannah?\" Leslie was saying. \"Oh, we go back- grew up together,\" Gideon responded. \"How cute- hi, Han!\" the redhead smiled when she came around her desk. \"I just met your friend- I thought he was looking for a patient,\" the older woman admitted. \"Nope, just me. I'm officially on lunch.\" \"Catch you in a bit, then\" Hannah nodded and took Gideon's arm lightly to lead the way toward the elevator bank. \"Now she's going to ask me about you,\" Hannah mused. \"Do you not like her?\" he glanced back. \"No, I do, but I've never had anyone at work ask me about ...the other half of my life\" \"So you're displeased that I've come,\" Gideon concluded. \"No, it's good to see you; I mean it. I forgot you owned people clothes,\" she grinned over at him while waiting for the left to come to them. He tutted and reflexively clasped his hands behind his back. \"Liam called it cleaning up well,\" he quoted and followed her into the elevator once it ping-ed open. \"As if I don't bathe.\" Hannah only chortled at his indignation. \"He wasn't wrong,\" she agreed, however. His impassive face brightened briefly, as if suddenly quite pleased with himself. The look passed, and he did not comment further on her remark. Gideon did not eat with her in the first floor cafeteria, but Hannah didn't wonder at this. Despite his form, he was not entirely human. The gargoyles did not often have to eat much, when they had spent themselves in physical exertion- then, they replenished energy gorging on food. For now, he sat politely while she dug into a sub sandwich and some mixed fruit. \"Are you sure you're alright?\" Hannah asked. \"I already told you,\" Gideon repeated as if he spoke to a child. \"I came to see how you are. It's been brought to my attention I may have been demanding and crass as of late,\" he tightly admitted. \"By who?\" Hannah beamed. \"An irrelevant detail,\" he ignored the request. \"Well ...someone put you in your place\" Hannah couldn't help that something of a smile remained on her lips, and she wondered who'd spoken to Gideon about his sour mood in such a way that he'd taken any sort of heed. \"Not you,\" he said snidely from across the small table. \"Sure, sure ...back to the point. I'm doing well. I had a couple days off this week, so I was able to catch up on rest ...enough that life feels a little normal.\" \"Good; you look better,\" he assessed. \"Sleep and not getting my ass kicked by Rebekah tends to help with that\" \"Then perhaps you'll fight harder next time\" Now, Hannah scowled. \"Crass and demanding\" \"Impudent and whiney,\" he countered without a flinch. Hannah wasn't sure how, one way or the other, they often ended up back at odds even at convivial times. He had come here with kind intentions, if his words were true, yet here they were miffed with one another yet again. It wasn't like they actually , completely disliked each other. \"If you just came to babysit , I guess you can go,\" she shifted, agitated, in her plastic cafe chair. \"Babysit,\" he scoffed. \"I haven't made it clear I've come as means of amends?\" He was difficult. \"It's not like you've said sorry \" They stared levelly at each other a while; Hannah didn't back down from his steely green gaze. She had decided over ten years ago that she wasn't afraid of Gideon. Off-put on many occasions, sure- no shame- but not actively afraid. \"It is implied,\" he put finally. \"...I know your weeks have not been easy.\" Hannah gave it a few moments but accepted that this was probably the best she'd be getting from him on the topic. Just and compassionate though he may ultimately - naturally- be, he was also proud. \"No, they haven't ... ...more so than usual\" This business with the demons being up to something unknown and deadly had her and everyone on high alert. She knew she wasn't the only one doing extra- more shifts, excess work, or longer hours here and there. Humans burnt out faster than gargoyles, though- loyal as a Keeper was, they couldn't keep up too hefty a pace forever. Never mind hundreds of years of experience- gargoyles sometimes lapsed in taking into account everything their immortality meant... \"And so I'm here\" His presence was his apology ...not a bad on, actually, all things considered. \"You'll be alright,\" Gideon promised her confidently. Hannah smiled. \"Always have been, right?\" she continued to grin a little and glanced away. \"Yes\" And, more quickly than she liked to admit, she wasn't annoyed with him anymore. Never mind his crunch nature- she could ignore it. Sometimes. ","Summary":" I see there's not an abundance of fic in this category, but I always thought this movie was fun. So"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"Hunter Loves Junior","Author":"strong man","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12115516","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is first story of the new movie 3D computer-animated, Storks. Description: Little we know about this movie but to be on the safe side, I'm just gonna try to keep the focus on Junior, Tulip and Hunter. Pairings: Junior/Hunter (Slash) Date: May 25 At Cornerstore, Hunter was walking back and fourth then stopped, looking out the window. He placed his forehead on the glass, pounding it in frustration \"What's happening to me\" He said before leaning off of the glass then walked around a bit. \"What am I going to go? He dropped to his knees and covered his eyes until Tulip came in \"Knock knock' She smiled as she looked at him but saw him crying then ran straight forwards him. \"Hey, you okay\" She said as her arm rested on his back. \"How do I tell him? He asked scared. \"What are you talking about? she asked not getting what he was trying to say. \"The babies are gorgeous\" he looked at her 'I want one of my own\" He said being serious. \"Your joking right, I mean human DNA infused with bird DNA is impractical\" She stated seeing the wrong in this \"You don't understand, I want to have one with Junior' He claimed. Tulip was incredibly staggered by that fact that he was a male by she knows that love has no boundaries. \"Really, that's very romantic...you have a crush on your partner? She put her hands together against her cheek. \"You think so? He asked facing her. \"Of course, I see why you value and respect him so much\" He smiled and he got up as well as herself \"So, I have a favor to ask' He said twiddling his wings together. \"Anything sir' She said with a smile once again. \"Can you ask Junior if he likes me cause I'm scared\" He put a wing behind his head and cracked a smile while looking down. Tupid kneeled down and placed her hand on his shoulder which triggered him to look up. \"Don't be fearful of yourself, I'm sure that Junior will like to have you as a boyfriend. 'That's what I'm afraid of\" The stork depressingly walked to his deck and sat down in his chair. Tulip exited his office and went to check up on Junior, luckily, he was sweeping up but got his foot stuck in a bucket \"Aww nuts' He said struggling to get it off until he saw his best friend walking towards him. \"Tulip, what's up? He said as he continued sweeping. \"Junior, can I talk to you in private? She said with anxiety. \"Sure we should make this quick\" He said before taking the broom and went to sit down in a chair. \"So, what is it you wanna talk about? He stood the broom up and used it as a arm rest for his wings. 'Well, this is very embarrassing to say but can I have some of your DNA\" She softly chuckled as she twiddled her hands. \"My DNA, are you sure\" he thought for a moment before thinking why she might need it \"what're you up too? Junior asked suspiciously. \"Nothing, nothing at all but there more to the story then this\" She said starting farther detail. \"What, are you into me? He asked \"What...no!\" She showing revulsion and cleared her throat \"It's about Hunter. \"Hunter, huh...what about him? He said now crossing his arms. Tulip bit her lower lip \"If I tell him that the boss wants to have a baby with him, he'll go nuts\" She thought then came up with an ingenious plan \"He want to spend time with you She quickly said all panicky. \"You serious cause I...uh\" He said nervously 'You love him don't you? She asked and hoped for a word of approval. \"Of course not, I just like...his flawlessness\" He said at the last minute. \"His flawlessness , you wanna spend time with him only for his flawlessness? She asked sounding bored. \"Absolutely, he's so honest, kind, thoughtful and very hardworking\" He said slowly turning \"gentle, caring and very handsome\" He paused right there and quickly turned back to his friend. \"What was that you said? She asked after he said his final word. \"So you need my DNA\" He said greatly avoiding the subject at all cost, got the bucket off his leg then attended to urinate in it. \"Junior, what the heck of you doing? She said flinching. \"You said you wanted my DNA\" He said reminded his friend of what she said before. \"Yeah but not that way\" She said then he rewound his mistake. \"Oh then what do you need? He asked. Hunter was picking feathers off of his own wing, pretending there flowers quoting the well-known \"he loves me, he loves me not' but added ouch in-between with every plunk of his skin. Tulip came into his office causing Hunter to quickly put his wings down then cleared his throat 'Tulip, you did as I requested? He said standing up tall. \"About that, it didn't go as you planned. \"What're you saying? He asked feeling the tears coming on. \"Well, to be honest...I kinda chickened out and said that you just wanted to spend time with him\" She nervously walked up to him as she bit her lip once again \"So, he doesn't love me\" He said sighing in depression. \"I'm very sorry but things will brighten up\" She said before turning and started out the door but not before she provided him with Junior's spit that was in a cup, cap screwed on and sat in on his desk. \"Thanks\" He said still depressed and she left. Hunter sighed once more and got up then got medal bucket. until Tulips peaked her whole head in \"Before I forget, make sure you don't pee in the bucket cause that's really gross' She said before closing the door on her way out. Hunter heard her and just dropped on his knees then laid his head on the edge of the desk and cried. I know what you all are thinking, \"his inspiration was from the Family Guy episode \" Stewie is Enceinte\", which I'll admit is true but I'm gonna make some changes. What I wrote is based on what I saw on the Wikipedia, trailers 1 & 2 and photos I searched so absolutely no spoilers.[Chapter 2] This is my second chapter of Storks. Pairing: Hunter/Junior (Slash) Rated : K Hunter sniffed and opened his eyes then looked up \"Junior's DNA\" He said after getting up from his crying state and put a finger on his chin \"Hmm\" He said going up to his deck and picked up the cup then held it up to his beak. \"I'm doing this out of love\" He said to himself and leaned in then gargled a lot of saliva into the cup cause he was the official boss of this fine establishment, he screwed the cap back on. He picked it up and held it close to his cheek \"I swear, I'll be the best darn father ever\" He said to himself. Just then, he heard a knock on the door and it lead Hunter to drop the cup but he caught it as it was about to hit the ground. He sighed in accomplishment and stood up \"Come in\" He said and the door opened after Hunter had hidden the cup behind his back. It was Junior \"Hunter, Tulip said that you'd like to spend time me\" He said closing the door behind him and walked towards him. Hunter just smiled and nodded stupidity \"Well, that's a great idea cause I have thing that I liked to discuss; how'd you survive and who did you tie me up? He asked moving closer to him. Hunter slowly moved back \"Hunter, I need to know\" He demanded. Nerves started to come down his face as he leaned back on the deck, still holding the cup. he sighed \"Could you give me a minute\" He said feeling pressure and scooted passed him while continuing to hold the cup behind his back. then walked backwards towards the doors He smiled as he opened it and stepped out before closing the door, he panted \"Okay, take deep breathes\" He said after and put the cup in front of his eyes and smiled then sighed in romance. Tulip came up to him, about to talk to him but was quickly cut off \"Here, take this and make that baby\" He said giving the cup to the human panicky. He came back into his office. \"Uh...thanks\" She said rather strangely as she walked to the machine. In his office, Junior was sitting on the deck and saw Hunter panted and cleared his throat. \"Sorry, I had to take care of something\" He said nervously before walking towards him. \"So, if you wanna know how I survived that wall\" he spread his wings \"I flew\" He explained his near death experience. \"I tied you up to stop you from making the biggest mistake of your life\" He admitted as he placed with hands on both sides of his possible husband. The former boss was getting kndia close there to the point of him feeling strange cause Junior actually loved it. \"Those are good answers' He said narrowing his eyes away \"Something wrong? Hunter asked. \"I just don't understand, why Tulip wanted my DNA\" He asked after sighing. Hunter leaned off of him, gone to the window and just stared at the glass then placed a wing over his eyes as his stated to tear up. Hunter\" Junior looked at him, got up and walked over be his side \"I promise that I won't get mad if you tell me\" He stated causing Hunter to uncover his wing to look at him. \"There was a reason I gave him the position as boss, he's full of intelligence\" He thought. \"I suppose a good time is as good as now\" He breathed deeply, turned to Junior. \"I must confess something to you\" He said before smiling romantically. \"Uh, I don't understand where you are going with this\" He said stretching his head. It wasn't until Hunter took his right wing and placed it on top of his own all while kneeled down on one knee, Junior was now onto what he was saying and blushed but felt real bizarre. \"Junior, you're very special to me, I don't wanna lose you and I was afraid that Tulip would capture your attention more then me. \" He said letting a tear run down his cheek. \"Well, she is my best friend, I can't just ignore her\" Junior explained to him. \"I understand\" he closed his eyes \"that's why I asked her for a baby\" he opened them and to see his reaction. \"Am I dream cause it sounds like you wanna have a baby with me? He asked after knocking himself upside the head. \"If this were a dream, I wouldn't be doing this\" Hunter stood up, pulled Junior close and dipped him then kissed him on the lips. It lasted for five seconds then he pulled away but Junior was daggered his head while his tongue was out. \"Junior? He snapped his a couple of times and shook him then dropped him on the floor then got down on both his knees. Just then, Tulip came in, about to asked Hunter something but saw that he was having a private moment with Junior so she just walked back out. Sorry for not updating but I just got Xfinity cause my previous network was causing me problems like going offline often when it wasn't evan storming or raining out. Anyways, I really think that the next chapter is going to be the last but I may include a third depending on what direction I go. I haven't seen the film but aside from the trailers I've seen, I don't think I would want to see it. I know that Hunter hates babies and died but honestly, I don't care cause this is a place where you can make anything possible. ","Summary":" This is first story of the new movie 3D computer-animated, Storks. Description: Little we know abou"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"Business Casual","Author":"purpledragon6","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12340233","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Business Casual A/N: TulipxJunior Drabbles: Chapter 1: Tangled up in safety cables, her own hair, and a child on the floor- Not a good way to start off a Monday, but when you had a pod that won't close, and an impending phone conversation to deal with- You tended not to sweat the finer details. It wasn't Tulip's favorite way to deal with things, but since being promoted to co-owner of Stork Mountain, they were things she had to put up with in any way possible. So, balancing the cellphone between her shoulder and ear, she struggled to lift the new baby yet again into his pod, but now the baby refused to budge from his spot on the floor. With a heavy sigh, she half listened to the conversation, and half wrestled with the child and the lines until, at last, she gave up and returned fully to the conversation. \"Mom, I didn't hear that, I was trying to- are you even listening?\" A voice belonging to an older woman called back through the phone, causing Tulip to drag the phone hurriedly away from her ear. \"Guess not...\" This woman was Jane Johnson, the newly found, adopted mother of the woman on the other line, who had welcomed the girl into her home just a month before she was promoted and moved back to Stork Mountain. She was honestly the most understanding person, who did not seem to mind that the her daughter had decided not to move in with the rest of the family. However, she only seemed to be okay with it as long as Tulip called her on an almost hourly basis... Even if it was during her shift at work. \"Yes, honey. I AM still listening.\" Mrs. Johnson exclaimed, sounding somewhat offended by her daughter's assumption. \"Are you doing something? You sound like you're doing something.\" \"Yes! Junior and I were just about to make a delivery-\" \"Oh! Put Junior on the line, I want to talk to him.\" The woman said suddenly, a certain love lining her tone. \"You know, I really like Junior. Hes good for you.\" \"O-okay?\" Tulip stuttered, a tad creeped out by that last part, but never the less, she settled the phone onto her shoulder and turned her head upward. \"Junior! My mom wants to talk to you!\" From a short distance away, Junior paused what he was doing and tensed up when he realized that there were still a few things he needed to complete before the thought of leaving was even an option- and one more thing had just been added. Quickly, the stork rushed over and plucked up the phone. Since they would be gone for a little while, he felt that politely declining or at least shutting down one phone call wouldn't hurt... How wrong he would be. \"Good morning ma'am, you actually caught us at a bad time, we were-.\" Junior greeted, stopping to casually pat their delivery on the head. \"Thanks. I just woke up actually to call my daughter.\" The woman laughed a little. \"How are you?\" \"I'm fine. Just about to leave, actually.\" Junior reminded her. Slowly, he peaked to see what Tulip was doing, hoping that she might give him some stage hand directions or something to help with the ending of the call. However, she was too busy with the baby to even bother with helping him with this call. \"Bye bye.\" The baby said quickly, trying to reach for the phone while Tulip struggled with the pod. \"That is sweet.\" The stork commented with a soft chuckle before shaking his head. \"Anyhow, ma'am- We really outta cut this short, since we have a job to do-\" \"I'm sure you can spare just a FEW minutes to talk to me, hun.\" Mrs. Johnson said, somewhat ignoring what she had just been told. \"So, have you asked my daughter out yet?\" \"What-?\" The baby boy squeaked in protest loudly in the background, but that didn't last long as he soon took interest in Tulip's hair, which he promptly began to pull at harshly. Junior reached for her to help, and he was at her side instantly, playing with the baby's tiny hands trying to get them away from her. Turning her head, Tulip looked ready to smack the phone out of his hands. Junior, who was still helplessly listening to his friend's mother's overly-bubbly words at how talkative the new baby was and how smart he was bound to be in the future. \"Lets hope hes not this energetic during the trip...\" The red-head laughed, loud enough apparently for Mrs. Johnson to hear. \"I wouldn't count on it, sweety.\" The older woman asked, knowing full well somehow. \"Put her back on the phone! I haven't talked to her in ages!\" \"Mother! You JUST talked to me.\" Tulip said with a shake of the head. \"And we don't have time to, ugh-\" \"Yeah, we kinda-\"Before Junior could finish, the phone was snatched up by the woman, who in turn casually waved him off to take care of the baby. Junior rolled his eyes and shook his head as he went to pick up the baby carefully. Knowing those two, by the time either of them actually managed to hang up the phone, they would have already had time to not only make the delivery, but also visit the woman. Which was, in total, a distance of at least 52 hours. This wasn't even an over-exaggeration (Well maybe it was), regardless, they would be off of the phone by the time they got there, which would be again, 52 hours from now. \"WE HAVE TO GO NOW, ma'am!\" Junior called so that both women could hear as he grabbed Tulip's suitcase and rushed out the front door. \"I'm leaving with or without you, Tulip!\" \"I gotta go, I'll call you later!\" Tulip groaned, finally hanging up. \"Wait up, Junior!\" \"Hurry then!\"[Chapter 2] Jasper sat at his desk, in his cubicle, at Stork Mountain. Ever since he had been given his job as a stork back, he always felt tense in the office. Even when he was by himself, like he was currently and away from the babies, he still felt off. He felt an ever present sadness weighing heavy in his heart whenever the children were taken to their parents, as well as an overwhelming fear that he would shatter another beacon or worse- hurt one of the babies by accident! \"I-its a good thing I've been moved to the SR department.\" He sighed in relief, glancing up at the clock. \"And almost quitting time for those two... I hope they're okay...\" Leaning back in his chair, the old stork glanced at the frame photo on his desk. It was of Tulip, her biological family, and Junior when they first met. Jasper had it framed and kept it at his desk for times like this when he couldn't be with his baby and friend/boss. The pair in question were currently out on a delivery that wasn't too far from the mountain. Just a short trip, but to Jasper, it felt like they were taking their sweet time. It only felt, because the door swung open seconds after he spoke outloud. \"Hope is a the thing with feathers.\" Junior announced loudly, though grumpily. \"Junior! Is everything alright?\" Jasper gasped, fumbling around for a pad of paper and a pencil in case he had to file a report. \"Everythings fine, but this delivery took forever and Tulip nearly crashed the company car... For the fifth time, Jasper!\" Jasper couldn't help by chuckle softly, as he spotted the red-headed woman at the top of the stairs just a short distance off from the door. She was smiling sheepishly, but seemed to gain back her confidence when Jasper motioned for her to join them. \"Doors open, Tulip!\" He called, watching the girl race to the top of the stairs and into the office. \"Sup, J-dad!\" Tulip greeted, plopping herself down in a nearby chair. \"Did Junior tell you about our \"minor-fender-bender\" yet? Because I just want to say- He started it! It was all his fault!\" \"I did NOT start it! We were playing red-light/green-light and SHE cheated first!\" The younger of the two storks shot back. \"And so Junior started yelling, and I don't do yelling while driving, so I punched him-\" Tulip continued. \"So she punches me, and lets go of the wheel, and suddenly we're spinning out of control-\" \"I had my foot on the wheel, so NO, I didn't let go of it completely!\" Green eyes turned venomous suddenly. \"How were you two playing red light/green light in a car?\" Jasper asked, fumbling to take everything down. \"Isn't that the game where you spy something thats usually the colour on the stop light-\" \"No, thats I-Spy- Not important!\" Jasper exclaimed, standing up suddenly, stopping when he noticed that only Junior was left in the room. \"Tulip...\" Upon hearing her name, the woman innocently stuck her head back into the room as quietly as she had attempted to sneak away. She slunk back into the room, and dropped herself back in her chair, clearly disappointed that she hadn't been able to get further away before her father saw her. However, his reflexes were quicker than her's as he spun around quickly to fix her. \"It sounds like you two are having a problem working together as a team, which can be dangerous.\" Jasper said to them with a gentle frown. \"Darn it...\" Tulip muttered bitterly. \"Not this lecture again...\" \"Watch your language.\" Jasper scolded, fixing his pencils. \"Here at Stork Mountain, we strive to NOT break anymore beacons and prevent a child from meeting their biological families-\" \"And we haven't! At least... Not yet.\" Junior sighed, shagging his shoulders. \"Hes right... We're sorry and we'll try to work on our behavior at work.\" Tulip huffed, turning to Junior. \"I'm sorry, Junior.\" \"Thats my girl.\" Jasper laughed, then turning to Junior a little. \"Do you have anything to say to Tulip?\" \"Yes, I'm sorry... THAT YOU CHEAT AT CAR GAMES!\" Junior announced, followed by a harsh yell and tackle from Tulip. A look of annoyance and fatherly pride washed over Jasper's face as he calmly stood up and went to get the fire extinguisher (the foam usually served as a distraction that broke up fights among teams sometimes), watching as his proud, independent child held her own against her co-worker who was too gentleman to actually hit her back. Despite their occasional spats, it did Jasper's heart good knowing that he was now in charge of keeping teams together and usually seemed to do a decent job at- well, his job. For the most part- ","Summary":" Business Casual A/N: TulipxJunior Drabbles: Chapter 1: Tangled up in safety cables, her own hair, a"},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"Meeting a New Podmate","Author":"SparklyTree3876","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12966527","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Meeting a New Podmate By SparkyTree3876 Rating: G Genre: General Pairing: None Author's Notes: Hi, readers. Here is my very first Free Willy one shot. It is set just after the film's ending. It shows Willy meeting Polaris (J28) for the first time as he rejoins his pod and his thoughts about it. It features appearances by Granny (J2) and Princess Angeline (J17). I did this one shot because I wondered what Willy's first meeting with the young Polaris would've been like. I also wanted to do this because there are not enough Free Willy fics, despite it is a popular movie. I hope you enjoy this one shot. Constructive criticism is welcome. XXXXX I swim alongside my mother. We dive down and come back up with loud bursts of air. I can see my podmates not very far away. They squeal happily to me. I answer back. I see a very familiar shape in the distance. It is Granny, our matriarch. She swims to me and welcomes me home. I thank her and tell her I am very happy to see her. I speak about Jesse to her, and she is very amazed at how he helped me get home. She asks me to tell him thank you when I see him again, whenever that would be. I promise her I would do that. Mom and I turn to see another very familiar shape swimming toward us. It is Princess Angeline, one of my best friends. We played together a lot when we were young calves. I see a young calf swimming alongside her. It goes underwater and surfaces upside down. I realize the little one is female. She doesn't look familiar to me at all. I can see her undersides and eyepatches look rather orange. She must have been born while I was gone. She looks so adorable. She mesmerizes me. The calf goes underwater. She returns to the surface right side up and lets out a playful squeal. It sounds very cute. Mom and I approach Angeline and the little one. Angeline tells me she is so happy that I am home now. She reveals the calf is her firstborn daughter and that her name is Polaris. That is such a beautiful name. She says Polaris was born the winter after my capture. I feel sad that I didn't get to meet her as a newborn, but I am happy she is alive and well. She looks fat and healthy. There is no doubt in my mind Angeline has been feeding her quite well. Polaris and I look at each other. She shows much curiosity toward me. I introduce myself to her. I come closer to her. She moves back a little bit. She seems a little shy, but I don't blame her. Most newborns I've met were skittish around me at first, but they got used to me quickly. I stop, so I won't frighten her any further. She approaches me and releases a burst of air. I spit water on her, and she mimics me. We repeat the action twice. Polaris swims toward my side. I keep my eye on her. She stops next to my saddle patch. She opens her mouth and rakes it with her tiny teeth. I can't help but laugh. She probably does this a lot to her mother and mine. I don't mind at all. In fact, it feels quite good. We orcas shed constantly. Raking helps us to slough off loose skin. We also rub our bodies on smooth rocks in various coves throughout our habitat to get rid of it. Polaris stops raking me and disappears underwater. I wonder what she is doing. All of a sudden, she leaps into the air in front of me. She turns on her side and hits the water, splashing me all over my face. I squeal with great delight. She swims to me and rolls on her side. She swings her tail and splashes water on me. I click very warmly. I love how playful she is. I wouldn't be surprised if she makes mischief with the other youngsters. Angeline and I did that a lot when I was a calf. Mom did everything she could to keep me in line, but it wasn't always enough. Polaris rolls right side up. She swims up to me and touches my nose with hers. She sticks her tongue out and kisses it very lightly. I do the same with mine and touch hers. We pull our tongues back into mouths. I nuzzle her very gently. She does the same to me. She is such a sweetheart. I love her already. I can see Mom and Angeline looking on proudly. I can't help but wonder if they had been planning this meeting during my absence. I have to say they did a great job doing that. Polaris, Angeline, Mom, and I hear Granny call to us. We look toward her and see her spyhopping. She slips underwater. She begins swimming away after she comes back up. Everyone follows her close behind. I swim alongside Mom. Polaris swims alongside me instead of Angeline. I know why she is. She wants to be with me for a while. I am glad she does, as it will give Angeline a little break from watching her. Polaris and I go underwater and come up with bursts of air. We do this two more times before we go deep downward. We head for the surface. We leapt clear of the water together. We go down again. We swim to the surface. We spyhop with happy clicks coming from our blowholes. We slip back underwater. We come back up and give each other affectionate nuzzles. We resume swimming alongside each other. I have no doubt we will forge a lifelong bond. I am so happy to be free again. I will never take my freedom for granted as long as I live. Most importantly, I am grateful to have met my new podmate. THE END ","Summary":" Meeting a New Podmate By SparkyTree3876 Rating: G Genre: General Pairing: None Author's Notes: Hi, "},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"Free Willy Originz","Author":"Andy Prosser","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10007722","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Free Willy Originz By Andy Prosser The waves beached at the sand for splash. Jeffrey looked acroos the ocean seas. Clunk clonk. He heard a sound! \"Dang Amanda my sister why are you making such the noise?\" \"I'm sorry Jeffrey it's just I'm so bord of here\" \"We will wait longer for the arrival\" Jeffrey was waiting for a pelican to deliver the message of safety. The saftey was his parents it'ds how he hoped they were. Then there was a crying. \"HOw is that commotion?!\" he yells at all the nonsense. The racket was so loud so they looked at a baby whale had washed up on the beach. It is time to save beby whaels! \"We should raise him as a pet\" \"That's such a good idea that I'm going to do that\" \"WHat do we name him\" said Amanda sister. I'm going to call him Free Whaley. No that is a stupid name I hate you. Said \"Jeffrey\" \"It's Free Willy\" after our dad who is dead now because the pelican finally delifered the message. \"How unfortunate!\" - Amanda Just tshen there was a nother cry at the ocean. It was sad mom whale! \"Oh no she misses her baeby!\" sadded Amanda \"Well that's to bad\" said Jeffrey \"Please, Jeffrey, have a heart. Don't you remember how much you missed you're parents!?\" \"That's true I never looked at ti like that.\" And Jefferey let the whale go. Then the pelican came back and said there was an accounting error and their parents were still alive after all. THE END ","Summary":" Free Willy Originz By Andy Prosser The waves beached at the sand for splash. Jeffrey looked acroos "},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"A Time for Mourning","Author":"SparklyTree3876","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13181899","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Time for Mourning By SparklyTree3876 Rating: G Genre: Family/Friendship Pairing: Jesse/Nadine (mentioned) Author's Notes: Hi, readers. Here is another Free Willy one shot. It is set twenty-one years after Free Willy 3: The Rescue. It shows Willy watching Tahlequah (J35) carry her deceased female calf and wondering about his pod's future. The idea for this one shot came to mind when I thought about Tahlequah's carrying her daughter for seventeen days after she died on July 24, 2018. I wondered what Willy was thinking about it and his pod's future. As a result, it was born. There is mention of J55, the calf whose exact paternity was never established. I decided to have Suttles (J40) as its mother, though it was possible her mother, Samish (J14), or her sister, Hy'Shqa (J37), gave birth to it because they were seen gathered around it. Other J-Pod orcas make appearances, including Slick (J16), Scarlet (J50), Eclipse (J41), and Nova (J51). Scarlet is now deceased as of September 7, 2018. Several deceased orcas of this pod are mentioned. Tsuchi (J31) is also mentioned as having given birth to a stillborn calf. She was spotted carrying it when J55 was first seen. I hope you enjoy this one shot. Constructive criticism is welcome. XXXXX Mom, Nikki, Max, Nellie, and I swim alongside each other. We go underwater and come up with loud bursts of air. We see Luna and Littlespot surface a short distance away from us. They slip under the surface and slap their tails on it. They return to it. Air leaves their blowholes. They swim to us. All seven of us decide to go underwater together. We head rather deep before turning toward the surface. We break it at the same time. We emit more loud bursts of air. I turn to see several of our podmates swimming not far from us. I see Shachi, our matriarch. Her daughter, Eclipse, swims alongside her. So does Nova, who is Eclipse's son. Shachi took over as matriarch after Granny died eighteen months ago. She has done well in leading us. However, it isn't the same without the wise Granny. She taught us where to find the best foraging spots, where to migrate, how to avoid boats, how to snag fish off fishing lines for easy meals, and countless other things. I hear a mournful call. I look ahead to see Tahlequah carrying her dead daughter on her nose. She isn't far from my mother, my mate, my children, and my siblings. The calf slips off her nose and disappears underwater. She squeaks alarmingly and goes after it. We wait for her anxiously. She returns to the surface with the calf on her nose. Her mother, Princess Angeline, and her son, Notch, surface alongside her. Angeline's daughter, Kiki, and her son, Moby, appear beside her. So does her granddaughter, Star. All six of them call mournfully. Tahlequah had her daughter six days ago. The little one was alive and swimming with us. We rejoiced because we had gone for three years without a successful birth. Tsuchi gave birth to a stillborn calf two-and-a-half years ago. She carried it for two days. Suttles had her first calf around the same time, but it died four weeks later. Tahlequah miscarried her second calf six months earlier. All three events saddened us, though we had much to celebrate with the birth of five calves within our pod. Unfortunately, the unthinkable happened. The calf died thirty minutes after her birth. We were very devastated, especially me. I couldn't believe we had lost yet another member of our pod. We suffered the losses of Rhapsody, Samish, Polaris, Dipper, DoubleStuf, Granny, Sonic, and Suttles's calf within three years. That was eight podmates. The death of this calf raises it to nine. These losses aren't good at all, especially since three were females of reproductive age. One was a male in his prime. The female calf's death meant the loss of yet another potential mother. We are in desperate need of females to replenish our pod. Tahlequah couldn't bear to leave her baby behind. She decided to carry her. I thought she would let go of her after a day or two. All the other females who had lost babies to stillbirth or soon after birth carried them for a day or two before letting go of them. However, she didn't. She continued into a third day. Then the fourth and fifth days followed. Now, it is the sixth day. She started showing signs of growing tired two days ago. She has allowed different podmates to carry the little one while she rested. I can't help but wonder how long Tahlequah will carry her baby. I don't blame her for not wanting to part with her. She wanted to be a mother again so much. She was so excited about having this calf. She counted down the days to her birth. When she went into labor, her excitement grew by the minute. Ours did too. After the baby came out of her body, she swam down and pushed her toward the surface eagerly. The calf took its first breath. All seemed to be well with her. We were so happy at this new life. Suddenly, the calf started having trouble swimming. Tahlequah freaked out at what was happening. The rest of us did too, especially me. The calf stopped moving and slipped underwater. She began sinking toward the ocean floor. Tahlequah cried out sadly. She went down quickly and caught her on her nose. She pushed her to the surface. She kept her there. She hoped against all hope the little one would breathe. Unfortunately, the calf never took another breath. Tahlequah let out the most mournful cry I had ever heard in my life. It shook me to my core. I will never forget it for as long as I live. I was one of the orcas who carried the baby for a while yesterday. I was crying over her. I wanted her to breathe and swim around, but I knew it would never happen. I am best friends with her grandmother, who grew up alongside me. We played together all the time. I am close friends with the baby's mother too. I helped Angeline watch Tahlequah while she hunted for salmon during her infancy. We enjoyed playing together. She and Max played pranks on Angeline and me a lot. After Nellie's birth thirteen years ago, she had another youngster to play with. My daughter would occasionally join her and Max in making mischief. I look over to see Slick and her daughter, Scarlet, swimming alongside each other. They aren't far from me. I see them go underwater and come back up with quiet bursts of air. I sigh at Scarlet's sad state. She has been quite sick for the past six weeks. She has lost a bit of weight. In fact, she has always been small for her age. Despite that, she has always been a spunky youngster. She would do many breaches in a row. She has always delighted me with them. She got her scars from Notch, who played with her too roughly when she was three months old. Tahlequah disciplined him by raking him along his left side hard. He didn't like that, but he learned his lesson. I pray Scarlet will make it. We need her to survive because we have lost too many breeding females. Kiki is looking very healthy and strong. I hope she will make it to adulthood as well. I want her to have many healthy babies. I hope some of them will be female. That would mean more potential mothers. Star will be ten next year. She is approaching sexual maturity. Eclipse is already there because she had Nova when she was just nine-and-a-half. That was a real shock to us. It's a myth orcas never have their first calves before they are fourteen. Sometimes, the mothers are as young as eight years old when they have their first calves. Eclipse is actually pregnant with her second calf right now. I pray it will be born alive. I hope it will be female, meaning we would have another potential mother. If it is male, that will be okay with me too. I want our pod to be strong and healthy. Many humans are trying to help us, but it is hard, especially when they are opposed by those who want to destroy our home. Our chinook salmon have been depleted because of overfishing. We don't have a whole lot to eat. We share with each other during lean times. Toxins have poisoned our waters. They make us sick. We have to deal with boaters coming after us at high-speed. We get stressed out when they chase us all over our home. It's a never-ending battle to survive here. We are grateful to the humans who are working to protect us. I know Jesse is among them. He vowed to protect our ocean for as long as he lived. I do miss him a lot. It's always a joy to see him, his girlfriend Nadine, and their daughter Lily. Lily is nine years old. I met her when she was just three months old. She was so cute. Unfortunately, Randolph is no longer with us. He died of a heart attack four years after Lily was born. Jesse took over as captain of the Nastelane. He promised Randolph he would continue to study my pod. He has kept that promise. I look ahead. I can see Tahlequah, Angeline, Notch, Kiki, Moby, and Star are a little further away. They go down, but they come back up just as quickly. Tahlequah keeps the baby on her nose. We will continue to mourn for the little one. I hope Tahlequah will have another healthy calf in the near future. I pray all the young females will survive to become mothers. I want to hear the sounds of excited calves playing so much. I won't lose hope for the future for as long as I live. THE END ","Summary":" A Time for Mourning By SparklyTree3876 Rating: G Genre: Family/Friendship Pairing: Jesse/Nadine (me"},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"Annie and Glenn adopt Elvis","Author":"atkinsonmirrenandloganfan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11549245","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When Annie, Glenn, Jesse, Elvis, Nadine and Randolph get back to dock and the Greenwoods along with Elvis get back to camp and make s'mores. Then at the end of the week they pack up and leave. They say good bye to Nadine and Randolph. Then they get on the ferry to go home. When the Greenwoods and Elvis get back to Oregon. They talk to Elvis about how he feels about being adopted. Elvis tells him that he would love it. They say that is great. Jesse helps Elvis learn the rules of the family. The Greenwoods are happy to see that the two brothers are getting along. Then the Greenwoods file the adoption papers with social services. ","Summary":" When Annie, Glenn, Jesse, Elvis, Nadine and Randolph get back to dock and the Greenwoods along with"},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"Son of Willy Journey back to Sea","Author":"jakelovera7x","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6963929","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Dad, I want to go with you!\" I called , running after my father down the driveway. He stopped and waited for me, and i ran around the side of his big blue pickup and jumped into the passengers seat. Dad got in and started the engine. \"Why do you always insist on coming with me?\" he asked, pulling out of the driveway. \"Because I like to see all the animals you work with.\" i said, smiling. \"Did you empty the dishwasher?\" he asked. \"...no?\" I said quietly. Dad sighed, and kept driving. When we got to my Dad's work, I hurriedly jumped out of the truck and ran inside the brick building. Charlene was sitting behind the desk, typing on her computer. When she saw me she smiled. \"Hey Mitch.\" she said. \"Hey.\" I replied. Everyone at my Dad's work knew me- Ive been coming to work with my dad since I was knee-high to a grasshopper. I'm 17 now, so that would make it 13 years Ive known Charlene and the rest of the staff here at Oregon State Marine Research. Then my dad walked in behind me, and pushed me down the hall towards his 'office'. At the end of the hall, we entered a small room with a counter, and sink, a fridge, and 3 lockers in it. One locker was for Dad's personal stuff because it had a lock on it- and the other 2 were for clothes and swimsuits. My swimsuit was kept in one of the lockers because I always came to work with dad. I grabbed my swimsuit and went into the staff bathroom and changed, then put my clothes in the open locker while dad changed into his wet suit. Then I followed dad out the back door and to the holding pens. the outside of his work was HUGE. Since my dad was CEO of the place- he ordered that all of the animal holding pools be doubled in size for the interest of the animal. My dad studied and researched all sorts of animals here. Penguins, sea lions, dolphins, pelicans, porpises, fish, crabs, and small sharks. Thats why I loved coming to work with my dad, because I got to swim with some of the animals and help my dad feed them and stuff. i mean, its not everyday you get to swim with a dolphin right? The first thing we did was go around and feed all the animals. Then, we started at the sea lion tank so dad could give them some shots. While he did so- I jumped in the water and played swim tag with Oscar. he was the dominant male in his pool. He was the biggest and the oldest. Not to mention the fastest. Everytime I thought i was getting away- he would surface right in front of me and bark until I gave up. \"Michelle, come here and give this fish to Oscar- it has medicine in it.\" my dad said. I swam over to the dock and took the fish. Then turned in the water and tossed it into the air. Oscar jumped right out of the water and swallowed it whole. \"Are you gonna stay here while i check on Lyla and her baby?\" he asked. He knew I would say no. Lyla was a bottlenose dolphin- and she had a baby about a month ago. My dad gave the the privilage of naming him- and I called him Jack. Dad didnt let me swim with Lyla and Jack- because you never know what could happen with a mother and her baby. So I sat on the dock beside my dad while he gave them both fish with vitamins in them. At the end of the day, we went home and watched tv like we usually do. And thats when Dad got a call from his friend. And from the tone my dad was using, it wasnt a happy conversation... ","Summary":" \"Dad, I want to go with you!\" I called , running after my father down the driveway. He stopped an"},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"Home at Last","Author":"ChocolateSyrup","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6457133","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Home at Last\" I open up my eyes, not knowing I had closed them. I found I was in the water again, but this time there were no walls surrounding me. It felt so open, and I felt so...free. I couldn't help it. I leap into the air again, rejoicing in my newfound freedom. I knew that the boy, Jesse, was watching me. Together, we had done the impossible, outnumbered the odds and I had grown wings. A sense of sadness caught me off guard. Would I ever see him again? Maybe one day. But now it was time to return to my own family, like he to his. With a splash, I dive back under the water, hearing excited clicks and squeals as I swim closer to my pod. They know I'm nearby, and suddenly I see another shape in the distance. I realize who it is instantly - my mother. I stop and she swims forward with grace and power. We nuzzle each other lovingly, happy to be back together. I tell her of Jesse, how he set me free and that he says hello. After I greet more of my family members who I had missed greatly while confined, we begin to travel, the orange glow of a sunset guiding us to our next destination, away from endless circles and repetitive circus tricks. I silently thank the boy who set me free - I will never forget him. Salana ayun iasis. ","Summary":" \"Home at Last\" I open up my eyes, not knowing I had closed them. I found I was in the water again"},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"Katy","Author":"Barnhousehotdog","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8471700","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Sara was a homeless 13 year old girl. She lived with a few other homeless kids in an old abandoned barn. Every day, the group went out and found food for the day, local news, clothes, and other esentials needed for survival. One time, a kid named Lucy got lucky and found and old TV in a dump that still worked. The TV sat in the back of the barn near a cow stall. Surprisingly, most of the kids liked there life. They never had time to sit and be bored. One morning, everything started as usual. The kids woke up, decided who was doing what that day, checked the TV for anything interesting, and then went out into the world. Today, it was Sara's job to find food. She split from the rest of the group at corner, and headed left. It was a small city that the homeless kids's barn was in. After about fifteen minutes of walking, Sara came to thr rdge of the city, and headed into a neighboring town. She walked passed a pasture, with a few cows in it. Sara walked passed, and found a small restaraunt with a group of garbage cans in the back. She found remains of lasagna in a box thing you get to bring food home. She also found remains of a turkey club. Then, Sara decided to head back. She walked passed the pasture again. There was a crashing noise from the barn next to it. Sara ducked behind a fence post to watch. Something big flew out the door of the barn, and landed on the other side of the fence right next to Sara. The door slammed shut, and sara peeked over the fence. A red and white lineback calf laid on the ground. Sara knew it was a lineback because there was something about them on TV a few weeks ago. It looked like the calf's leg was broken. It didn't look like anyone was around. Sara slid under the fence, and bent down by the calf. The calf looked up at her. Her eyes pleaded Help me. Sara looked around again, picked up the calf and threw her over the fence. Sara climbed back over. She picked up the calf, and ran back towards the city. When Sara got back to the barn, no one else was back yet. She laid the calf down in an empty stall and looked it over. She had no idea how to fix a leg, except for splinting it. So, she took an old piece of wood, and toilet paper, and splinted the calf's leg. Then she sat back and looked at the cow. The cow looked back. \"Well,\" Sara said, \"What should I call you?\" The bigger question is what am I going to do with you? Sara thought, I can't take care of a calf. We can barely take care of ourselves. Oh...what have I done? Chapter 2 The other kids returned an hour later. Sara had fallen asleep against the calf. They were all very surprised to see it. \"What's this Sara?\" the kid who pretty much led them, Rachel asked. Sara woke with a start. \"A calf,\" she said, \"It was in a pasture I walked by to get food. It's hurt, and it's owners were doing a pretty pathetic job of taking care of her. So, I brought her home.\" \"We can't feed a calf,\" Lucy said, \"We can barely feed ourselves.\" \"I know,\" Sara replied, \" But I couldn't leave her.\" A boy in their group named Toby went over and petted the calf. \"What's her name?\" he asked. \"I haven't decided,\" Sara replied. \"What about Katy?\" Toby suggested, \"There was some show on the TV a while back that had a red and white horse on it. She looks kinda like the horse.\" Sara looked at the cow. \"I guess she does,\" Sara said, \"Ya, O.K., Katy it is.\"\"But surely we can't keep her?\" Rachel said. \"I'll take care of her,\" Sara said, \"I'll find food for her every day, along with all my other jobs.\" Rachel thought about this for a moment. Then she said, \"Alright. As long as you do all your other jobs too.\" Sara smiled. Days passed. Sara took care of Katy, just like she said she would. And she managed to do all her other jobs too. About a month after Sara found Katy, she was walking through the city with Toby. They walked passed a telephone pole, and a sign caught Sara's eye. She stopped and looked. Toby stopped beside her. There was a picture of two people under the writing. The sign said: Lost Calf: Red and white Lineback Finder gets 50% of meat Sara ripped the sign down. \"What are you doing?\" Toby asked. \"Its a sign about Katy,\" Sara said, \"Its Katy's owners looking for her. And whoever turns her in gets 50% of the meat. Toby, they're gonna kill her!\" \"No they won't,\" Toby said, \"We have her. She never leaves the barn, no one else knows about her. They'll never find her.\" \"That doesn't mean people won't be looking,\" Sara said, \"No one in this city is well fed. Not even the richest people. There's probably a lot more signs around. People will be desprate for the meat.\" Toby nodded, \"We have to hide Katy.\" Sara and Toby ran back to the barn. Chapter 3 Sara and Toby moved Katy to the very last stall in the way back of the barn. Then they put hay and old tools and really anything they could find to make it look like it was just a storage space. \"No one's gonna get her while we're around,\" Sara muttered. \"No one,\" Toby agreed. Rachel and Lucy had started taking a liking to Katy too. They helped find stuff to hide Katy. Pretty soon, you couldn't tell there was a cow in the stall. They all went and sat by the TV. \"Hello?\" a voice called, \"Is anyone in there?\" No one recognized the voice. Sara got up, and turned to see a man and a woman standing in the doorway of the barn. She recognized them from somewhere she couldn't think of. Sara pulled out the poster that she still had in her pocket. \"Oh no,\" she muttered. Katy's owners had found them. \"Go back by Katy,\" Toby whispered in Sara's ear, \"We'll get rid of them. If we can't be prepared.\" All the homeless kids stood up. Sara snuck back towards Katy, and the others went to the door. Sara sat down beside Katy and listened. \"Can we help you?\" she heard Rachel ask. \"Yes,\" the woman said, \"We're looking for our cow. She went missing about a month ago. Someone we talked to said she saw someone bringing her this way. Have you seen her?\" Shoot, Sara thought, I should have been more careful. \"I don't think so,\" Toby said, \"What do you guys think? You seen a cow anywhere around here?\" There were alot of no's at the same time. \"Sorry, ma'am,\" Toby said. Just then, Katy woke up behind Sara and let out a tired moo. \"No, shut up!\" Sara hissed. \"You liars!\" the man yelled. Sara could hear the sound of something being pulled out, and her friends screamed. \"Run!\" Toby yelled. Sara heard a gunshot. No! Sara thought. She stood up, and jumped out of the stall. Toby stood blocking the doorway. Sara couldn't see the others. The man stood in front of Toby, pointing the gun at his chest. \"Move boy,\" he growled. \"No,\" Toby said. The man pulled back the hammer on the gun. His hand moved down to the trigger. \"Toby move!\" Sara cried. Toby looked back at her. The man pulled the trigger, and Toby fell to the ground. \"No!\" Sara yelled. The man advanced towards her. Sara stepped back, so she blocked Katy. \"You'll not have her!\" Sara yelled. \"We'll see about that,\" the man said. Sara glanced passed the man, at Toby. There was still no one around. Then, she looked back at Katy. Without thinking about what she was about to do, Sara turned back to the man, and leaped. The man shot at her chest. Sara cried in pain, pulled the gun out of the man's hands, and hit him on the side of the head. The man blacked out. Sara dropped the gun, crawled back over by Katy, and blacked out beside her. Chapter 4 Sara woke in a place too fancy for her to be in. I'm dead, she thought, Otherwise, I'd never be somewhere like this. That's when she realized, it was a hospital. A nurse stood looking at a table beside her. \"What happened?\" Sara said. The nurse jumped. \"Oops, sorry,\" Sara said. \"It's alright,\" the nurse said, \"You and your friend both got shot, but you should both be alright. I think I'll let the police tell you the rest.\" The nurse left. Oh sure, Sara thought. A police man came in. \"Great job,\" he said. \"What did I do?\" Sara asked. \"Yuou helped us catch those people,\" the police man said, \"We've been after them for months. And thanks to you, we finally got them.\" \"They didn't get Katy?\" \"The cow?\" the police man asked, \"Nah, she's fine. In fact, we're taking her over to the animal shelter tomorrow.\" \"What?\" Sara asked, \"You mean we don't get to see her anymore?\" \"No, don't worry,\" the police man said, \"We got you and your friends all jobs at the animal shelter. You'll get to take care of Katy there, and get to live in a real home, and get payed.\" \"Where are we gonna live?\" Sara asked. \"A lot of people heard about you on the news, and came to want to adopt you. A really nice couple adopted you and Toby. The rest of your friends got adopted by other people.\" \"So, everyone's O.K.?\" Sara asked. \"Yep,\" the police man said. Sara smiled. A few days later, Sara and Toby went to their new home. They both really liked their new parents. And their new parents really liked them. Every day, Sara and Toby met the other kids at the animal shelter, and they all took care fo Katy, and some of the other animals. Life was no one would both Katy, ever again. The End ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Sara was a homeless 13 year old girl. She lived with a few other homeless kids in an old "},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"Turtle reef","Author":"Webby52","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8720173","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The baby sea turtle squirmed in my hands. I grinned. It was the most amazing thing I had ever seen. I ran to mom at the other side of the shelter. She took the small turtle from the palm of my hand and put it back in the tank. He swam down to meet his brothers and sisters who all looked alike, exempt for him. He was special. I could pick him out of a million turtles. We found him and his brothers and sisters in a hole too deep. They were malnourished and sick. He was the one my eyes wondered to immediately. Mom and other marine life experts and rescuers carefully picked them up 1 by 1 and set them in the back of the van. I knelt down and picked him up. I loved him from the first time I layed my eyes on him. He was so perfect I couldn't find a name perfect enough for him. He has a green shell with a brownish tint to it. He has a beautiful little face with big black eyes that stared into mine. He stared into me like he was looking at his mom, looking beyond my eyes to the sea. I was the first to touch him, to feed his hungry mouth. To give him the medicine he needed to be the healthy little turtle he is today. I watched him disappear into his tank. I walked away. I sat down at the table and picked up the newspaper. I gasped. \"THEIR DREDGING THE REEF!\" I screamed. Mom ran to my side dropping fish all over the floor. She too gasped after reading the headlines. \"Where will we release the turtles?\" I asked scarcely. \"I don't know\" said mom shaking her head. I walked over to the turtles. \"everything will be ok\" I whispered. \"We have to do something\" I said to mom turning around. \"What can we do?\" she said. \"There's a lot we can do!\" I gasped. \"We can go to city hall and give a speech, make posters, and we than invite everyone!\" I said. and that's when we got to work. I made posters, and mom got everything ready for our speech at city hall. Finally it was time. When we were leaving to go to city hall I grabbed my turtle out of the tank secretly and put him in a carry case. I sat in the front row. I slid the case under my seat. I looked to my left and saw the mayor. My heart skipped a beat. I turned my attention back to mom on the stage, about to speak. Our last chance. As the room filled I got more nervous. When the room was filled with some standing and the murmurs calmed and mom started speaking. She told about the reef and why it shouldn't be dredged. The murmurs loudened. I heard a splash under my seat. I knew just what would catch these people's attention. I quietly stood up and ran out of the room. Our house was about a mile away. We have a small city. I ran all the way back home and grabbed the laptop. Mom and I take pictures of the reef when we scuba dive. The pictures are on the laptop. I ran back and walked in through the back door. I hooked the laptop up to whatever wires would fit. I turned on the projector. I ran out. People were going to leave when the projector kicked in. I ran to the microphone. \"You don't know what you're losing\" I said. The people sat back down. I gulped. \"You are about to see what you could lose\" I said. I heard a splash. I ran back to my seat and watched the mayor. I looked at the beautiful pictures of the reef. When all the pictures were showed I stepped back up With my turtle in my hand. \"If that wasn't enough, what if I said that it would kill all the marine life, including these\" I held up my turtle. \"And if you believe in stopping the dredging for scallops, then sign the petition\" I said. As people flooded in and out I watched the box of petitions fill. The mayor came up to me. \"That was quite a speech you gave\" he said. Please don't dredge . I thought. \"I've decided not to dredge\" he said \"oh, thank you so much !\" I said. He turned around and walked out. I ran to mom. \"we did it!\" I told her exitedley. We jumped up and down. I had found the perfect name for my turtle. Reef. On the way home I whispered to reef \"we did it\" ","Summary":" The baby sea turtle squirmed in my hands. I grinned. It was the most amazing thing I had ever seen."},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"Free Willy – Champion of the Sea","Author":"Andy Prosser","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5815990","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Free Willy – Champion of the Sea By Andy Prosser Decadated to my freind Josh when his deviantart got hacked Chaspter 1 – Clint is Missing Free Willy patroled the ocean. It was been a hole week since the ship crash into a sea monster and make it sink. Over 400 people were killed. Free Willy looked for the missing little boy Clint who was heard about in the news. Suddenly Free Willy hears a cry. It was a sad cry with emotion. It was the little boy, and he was about to got eat by the monster! Chapter 2 - Showdown \"You put that boy down now!\" said Free Willy. \"Who is going to stop me!\" said the monster. So Free Willy used his telekeneisees to talk to the other fish and attack all at once. But the sea monster ate them all and got more powerful to transform into a shark sea monster. \"I am going to eat Clint\" said the shark sea monsetr. \"That's what you think cocksucker!\" and Free Willy charges a laser attack and the shark drowns. \"Oh my gosh thank you Free Willy!\" Said Clint. \"It's no problem I'm just glad your ok.\" said Free Willy. And he swims away... \"Free Willy! Don't leave me! Your my best friend!\" \"Don't worry Clint. I am going away a long time to train. You are always in my heart.\" And Free Wily swims away. \"No... Come back... Free... Willy.....\" ","Summary":" Free Willy – Champion of the Sea By Andy Prosser Decadated to my freind Josh when his deviantart go"},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"Free Willy: Whale Chronicles","Author":"HotDog56","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8405758","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Free Willy: Whale Chronicles Free Willy the whale swam in the big blue ocean until he spotted a boat. \"I wonder what a boat is doing in the ocean\" said Free Willy. Then a big black man came out of the boats shadow and said \"I've been craving some whale.\" Free Willy then felt a sharp pain on his top. He looked up and saw that the big black man was penetrating his blow hole. \"GET OFF ME NOO PLEASE STOP YOURR HURRTING MEEEEEEEEE\" screamed Willy in pain as a mixture of semen and blood exploded from the blow hole. The black man didn't stop he then slapped that ass and said \"You're my bitch now nigguh you got no rights now\" Free Willy in his final hours could faintly see Clint walking on the water towards him saying \"You gay, you gay, you gay\" Free Willy used the words of his son to fight back and concentrated a airburst attack out of his blow hole causing the black man to go flying out. \"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH WHAT THE FUCK\" Free Willy was in a blind rage in a demonic voice he yelled \"THIS IS FOR CLINT YOU FUCKING ANUS MUNCHER\" He jumped into the air a bit the black guys' dick off then shit all over his mouth like a jet engine of crack. It was serious now Willy knew his mission , he had to rape him to gain his pride back. He charged full speed at his anus with the power the the killer whale spirit tonight he wins his vengeance…..to be continued ","Summary":" Free Willy: Whale Chronicles Free Willy the whale swam in the big blue ocean until he spotted a boa"},{"Movie":"I, Frankenstein","Title":"Little Angel","Author":"grimmyneko","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11006481","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So I didn't see any Gideon fics...or many fics at all and Jai Courtney is great, so...GideonXOC! I don't own I, Frankenstein. Reviews, favs and follows are always appreciated ^_^ Enjoy! \"Keziah, what is it?\" Ophir asked the thin, pretty gargoyle who stood in the doorway of the church, looking out onto the steps. She turned back to look at him with concern in her eyes before stooping down and picking something up in her arms. \"Leo.\" \"What?\" he questioned, raising a thick eyebrow. Keziah turned back into the church with a small bundle cradled to her. \"That's what this note says. Leo.\" she looked anxiously at Ophir. \"What should we do?\" \"Bring it to Leonore.\" he said after a moment. \"She'll decide.\" The woman frowned, but agreed, hurrying after Ophir to the Queen's throne room. \"Majesty,\" Ophir bowed before entering hurriedly. \"We found a child on the steps.\" Gideon was quick to scoff, \"So? This is no place for a human child.\" Leonore silenced him and bid Keziah to bring the child. \"Leo?\" a small smile formed on the Queen's face. \"That is a name given to an angel who thwarts demons.\" \"Majesty, we cannot keep a human child here.\" Gideon grumbled from behind her. She turned slowly, bouncing the baby gently in her arms. \"Oh, but this is no human. This is the child of a gargoyle and a human. How interesting.\" \"My Queen-\" Gideon started, but was immediately cut off. \"We will keep the child.\" Keziah smiled in relief. \"She will learn to fight, learn what it means to be a gargoyle, even if she is only half of one.\" Gideon shook his head and crossed his arms in annoyance. \"And you, Gideon, shall watch over her. Be her guardian.\" \"What?!\" he started in shock as Keziah and Ophir hid laughs. \"And you two,\" they instantly straightened up. \"Are to train her once she is old enough. Until then, take care of her. Raise her to know the rules, teach her our ways and teach her of the demons.\" There was silence. \"Understood?\" All three gargoyles nodded solemnly, \"Yes, your majesty.\" \"Good.\" Three years later \"Leo!\" Ophir shouted down an empty corridor. \"Leo! This isn't funny! Get back here!\" An out-of-breath Keziah came to stop beside him, shaking her head. \"She has to have gone this way.\" \"Maybe she's gone back to her bed?\" Ophir offered hopefully. An impish giggle echoed through the halls and proved him wrong. \"Damn.\" he muttered as they both took off running, following the sounds of Leo's laughter. Just as Ophir was about to walk into a room, Keziah grabbed his wrist and pulled him back, putting a finger to her lips and nodding for him to look. He peered around the doorway and watched in amusement as Gideon played with the tiny child. \"Where could Leo be, hm?\" the rugged man asked, pretending not to notice the giggling girl hiding under the table. \"Is she...behind the curtain?\" he whipped back the thick, blue curtains and smiled at the sounds of giggles from under the table. \"How about...behind the weapons rack?\" he jumped over to the rack with a goofy exclamation, making Leo giggle harder. \"Or maybe...under the table!\" he shouted, leaping to the floor and grabbing her quickly as she squirmed in his lap, giggling and yelling. After he'd finished tickling the dark haired, tan little girl, he frowned at her. \"Shouldn't you be with Keziah and Ophir, getting ready for bed?\" She pouted and crossed her little arms. \"But, Gideon-\" \"Uh, uh. It's late, little angel.\" he sighed, picking her up and standing. \"Let's get you to your room.\" Keziah grabbed Ophir and tugged him around the corner as Gideon walked the other way with a still giggling Leo, trying to wrestle herself from his arms. Four years later \"Leo, come on!\" Ophir groaned as Keziah, Levi and Barachel laughed. \"Come down from there!\" The small girl had grown some. Her dark locks had grown down to her shoulder blades, her courage had only gotten stronger, as had her skills, temper and wits. She was currently up the scaffolding of the training room and refusing to come down. \"Why, Leo?!\" Ophir cried, pacing underneath her. \"Why do you only do these things when I'm training you?!\" \"It's not you!\" she giggled sheepishly. He threw his hands up, \"Well then what is it?\" Slowly, she pulled a familiar looking blade out from somewhere and grinned as if she already knew how much trouble she was in. \"Oh.\" instantly the laughter stopped and Levi, Barachel and Keziah winced. Ophir paled, knowing he would be blamed for this even though it had been Leo who'd stolen the weapon. \"Maybe he hasn't noticed yet.\" Keziah offered soothingly. \"What I want to know his how she manages to steal them so often without him instantly knowing.\" Levi grumbled, crossing his arms. \"Leo, you have to put it back!\" Ophir hissed, clearly getting nervous. She shrugged, \"But it's a game.\" The four gargoyles shared a look before turning back to the child near the ceiling. \"What do you mean, it's a game?\" Keziah asked calmly. \"I steal them and see how long it takes him to notice. If he really wanted me to stop, he would've said something by now.\" They really couldn't argue with her logic on that one. \"LEO!\" everyone in the room cringed and scattered, leaving the girl on her own in the situation. \"Yes?\" she asked innocently as a fuming Gideon stomped into the training area. He narrowed his eyes and pointed accusingly at her. \"Don't you, 'yes', me. You know exactly what you've done, little demon.\" She shrugged and dropped down to the floor in front of him. \"Do you mean this?\" she held out the shiny blade and he made a swipe for it. \"Hey! You know the rules, you've gotta catch me first.\" Leo grinned before taking off running down the hall, her giggles ricocheting off the walls. 10 years later \"Leo! What. Did. You. Do.\" Keziah gasped, slapping one hand over her mouth and staring in shock at the young woman. She shrugged, standing up from the chair and ruffling her now boyishly short dark hair. \"What do you think? Pretty cute right? Pixie-ish.\" \"Oh, Leo...your beautiful hair.\" Keziah almost whimpered. The teenage girl frowned. \"Are you saying it's not beautiful now?\" \"Well, of course it is..but...\" Keziah was cut off by Ophir, \"Shit! Leo, no! You picked the absolute worst day to pull something like this!\" \"I think it's the perfect day. Long hair gets in the way of fighting.\" Leo mumbled, picking up her gear and sliding it into place. Ophir groaned loudly and clenched his fists. \"You have to fight in front of the Queen today! What were you thinking?!\" \"I was thinking-\" Keziah smirked and cocked her hip to the side, cutting Leo off, \"About Gideon.\" Leo's tan cheeks darkened and she quickly hurled a dagger to imbed itself in the wall next to Keziah's head. \"I was not! Gideon is just a-\" \"Devilishly handsome, wonderful warrior with strong arms and an alluringly rugged personality? That is how you put it, isn't it?\" Ophir grinned wickedly, ducking as Leo sent another dagger flying. \"I knew you were eavesdropping, you little rat!\" she shouted, tackling the taller man to the ground as Levi and Barachel walked past laughing quietly. \"She's getting a little too hard to handle, eh Ophir?\" Levi snorted over his shoulder. Ophir groaned, pushing Leo off. \"You have no idea.\" \"Hey! Enough goofing around, Leo. You're going to be late.\" Gideon snapped, towering over both the girl and Ophir who were still sprawled on the ground. Leo leapt to her feet and flushed bright red, straightening out her clothes. She heard Gideon suck in a sharp breath and then he reached forward, taking her face in one hand and running the other through her short-cropped hair. \"Well, I don't imagine the Queen will like it, but it seems more practical for fighting.\" Leo felt a surge of pride and looked down with a small smile. Gideon yanked the two daggers from the walls and handed them back to her. \"Come on, little angel, time to go.\" Leo's heart pounded in her chest. Since she was only half gargoyle, there had been a lot of debate over whether or not she should receive her Tabard. Gideon, of course, had been her greatest supporter, not that Leo knew that. As they walked towards the Queen's hall, Gideon watched the young woman. She was half human and no one knew how long she would live. She'd grown so much since they'd found her on the church steps and he couldn't help but notice how much of a woman she'd become over the years. Her bright golden eyes had quieted to being honey-colored, her dark brown hair had turned nearly black, she'd become thick with muscle and breasts and hips. Gideon swallowed roughly and snapped his eyes back to look ahead of him, trying not to stare at the beautiful young woman beside him. They stopped outside the hall and she turned to face him nervously. \"Who do you think I'll have to fight?\" Gideon watched her calmly. \"It doesn't matter. You've been training since you were six. You can handle this and you'll get your Tabard.\" Leo nodded and slid her fingers over the dagger in her thigh strap. \"Go on.\" he nodded to the doors. \"They're waiting.\" The girl pressed shaking hands to the great, wooden doors and gave a good push. \"Leo,\" the Queen spoke kindly, gesturing towards the center of the room. \"I have heard many praises of your skills in combat.\" Leo stepped anxiously to the middle of the floor. \"And I have decided that there is only one warrior worthy of your fight. Only one warrior who can truly prove that you are a gargoyle.\" Her heart hammered in her throat and she could feel herself start to sweat. \"Gideon, step forward.\" Leo's heart stopped. That wasn't fair. Did the Queen know? Did she know about Leo's little crush? Is that why? Gideon stood before Leo with a blank face, refusing to show any emotion. Leo barely heard the Queen's order of, \"Begin.\" before Gideon sprung into action. Leo let out a small yelp, leaping backwards, flipping off of one hand and landing several feet away. She slid a dagger from her thigh and flipped it nervously in her hand, waiting for Gideon to move. He slowly slid his blades from his back and watched her carefully, the two of them circling, waiting for the other to move. In seconds, Gideon sprinted forward, slashing upwards. Leo narrowly avoided his blades and flung a dagger at him, slicing open a bit of his upper arm. He winced and she had to fight the urge to ask him if he was okay. The gargoyle narrowed his eyes and swung both blades at her torso, which she immediately blocked with a larger dagger, but struggled to keep him from cutting her. She growled and swung her leg up to kick him sharply in the side, using his moment of weakness to disengage and leap back while throwing another dagger that slit his forearm open. \"Stop.\" the Queen called and both Leo and Gideon instantly froze. \"Gideon, you aren't challenging enough. You know what to do.\" \"Majesty-\" She cut him off. \"If she is to earn her Tabard, we must know she deserves it.\" Gideon turned back to the small woman and frowned, stone slowly sliding over his body and his robes quickly transformed into giant, stone wings. He charged forward, giving Leo only enough time to leap out of the way and land on her stomach painfully. She let out a sharp scream as his blade slid quickly over her abdomen. She scrambled to her feet and hurled another dagger at him, but it just bounced off. Leo had never fought any of them when they were in their stone form, and she didn't know what to do. He charged again and all she could do was throw her arms up in front of her and yell. Suddenly, a blindingly white light shone from behind her and enormous, white marble wings burst from her back, sending her shooting upwards. There was a collective gasp and the Queen stood from her seat in shock. Gideon transformed back from stone and gaped up at her. The only sound was the whoosh of Leo's beautiful, strong wings keeping her in the air. Then, a slow clap thundered in the silence and everyone turned to look at Queen Leonore. \"Congratulations, Leo.\" she beamed as the young woman let herself down slowly. \"And welcome to The Gargoyle Order.\"[Chapter 2] Here's another chapter! ^_^ I love y'all's responses and I'm pretty excited about this fic. I don't own I, Frankenstein. Reviews, favs and follows are always appreciated! Enjoy 28 years later \"Leo!\" Keziah shouted at the beautiful woman who stood panting in the center of the training room. \"You cannot continue through life so childishly! You're forty five years old!\" The honey-eyed woman shrugged and flipped one of Gideon's blades in her hand. \"By gargoyle standards I am a child.\" \"You are fully grown, Leo.\" Ophir sighed. \"And you likely won't change again for hundreds of years. It is time to accept that you are no longer a child. You must start acting responsibly.\" Leo rolled her eyes and threw the blade up in the air, catching it easily before flipping it again. \"Give me something to be responsible about then.\" \"You know we cannot bring you scouting with us without the permission of Gideon or the Queen.\" Keziah shook her head, sitting down on a bench. \"Then ask one of them if I can go.\" \"Good news, Leo!\" Levi grinned, walking briskly into the training room. \"You're on patrol with me tonight.\" The woman turned to look at him. \"And what's the good news?\" \"Ha, ha.\" Levi said dryly. \"Come on, we've got to get going.\" \"Ugh, all we're going to do is walk around the city a few times and then come back to the church and die of more boredom.\" Leo groaned, walking up to Levi. The gargoyle shrugged, \"You never know, Leo. We might see some demons. Maybe you'll get to kill some.\" \"Ophir, how am I supposed to act like a mature adult, when all anyone ever does is treat me like a child?\" Leo shook her head, walking angrily from the room. The three gargoyles looked at each other in slight guilt, knowing that they should ask for her to be allowed out more often, but also knowing that Gideon's wrath would be worse than being killed by a demon. \"Who treats you like a child?\" Gideon stepped out of the shadows, catching up with the half-gargoyle in her quick strides. She didn't give him a second glance. \"Everyone.\" \"And how should we treat you?\" the gruff man asked, pulling her into a side room. Leo glared up at the gargoyle who towered over her. \"Like the warrior that I am. I'm forty five and I've only ever been allowed out of the church twice. And only with Levi or Ophir.\" \"It's dangerous out there.\" Gideon reasoned, trapping the girl by pressing his palms against the wall on either side of her head. Leo felt her heartbeat pick up and swallowed before continuing, \"I've been training for years, I'm ready to go out and fight.\" \"You could die.\" he retorted, leaning in closer to her. She twitched under his steady gaze and tried to keep her eyes from flicking down to his lips. \"So? Other warriors die every day. I'm not special.\" \"Sure you are,\" he smirked, his face mere inches from hers. \"You're the Queen's favorite.\" Leo raised a dark eyebrow. \"Only the Queen's?\" Gideon lowered his head, making his lips barely brush against Leo's jaw. The woman shivered at his touch and bit her lip to keep from making a sound. \"Yes, little angel,\" he whispered. \"Only the Queen's.\" \"Wh-\" Leo started as Gideon pulled away quickly with a wicked grin, brandishing his newly recovered blade. \"You're getting easier to trick, Leo.\" he smirked, stepping from the room and leaving the panting girl behind. She slid down the wall and calmed herself. \"Yeah, just a trick, Leo.\" 15 years later \"Ugh!\" Leo cried in frustration, throwing down the staff she was training with. \"I'm sick of this! Staffs are useless!\" Ophir sighed, setting his staff against the wall. \"Look, Leo, you're not always going to have your daggers on hand. You might have to grab any weapon and you might have to grab a staff.\" \"Don't be ridiculous, I've always got daggers on me.\" Leo rolled her eyes, flopping down on her back and panting softly, feeling trickles of sweat roll down the small of her back. \"You haven't got any now.\" Keziah pointed out. \"False!\" Leo grinned, pulling a dagger out of god knows where. Ophir choked on his own spit and coughed for a second before asking, \"Where were you keeping that?\" Keziah shook her head and looked out one of the windows. \"Let's go get something to eat, I think we've trained enough for one day.\" As the gargoyles congregated in the dining hall, Leo couldn't help but feel the frustration from earlier creep back up on her. Why couldn't she get it? What was so difficult about the staff? Nothing, that's what. She pushed her food around her plate moodily, ignoring everyone around her. \"What's with Leo?\" Levi asked Ophir quietly. Gideon overheard and leaned in to listen as Keziah rolled her eyes and glanced over at the young half-gargoyle. \"She's sore because she can't use the staff.\" \"But...that's the easiest one.\" Barachel raised an eyebrow at the sulking girl who was unaware of the attention she was getting. Ophir shrugged, \"She's not good with blunt weapons, I suppose. Daggers have always been her forte.\" Gideon watched as Leo rose from her seat with a plate of uneaten food and threw it away. \"I'm going to bed.\" she announced sullenly, trudging out of the hall. Late that night, Leo lay awake, silently berating herself for not being able to use one stupid weapon. She could use every other weapon in that training room, but for whatever reason, she couldn't get the staff. \"That's it.\" she muttered, slipping from her bed in just pants and her leather top. The young gargoyle padded down the stone hallways, avoiding the patrolling warriors and hurried to the training room. As she closed the door quietly behind her, a voice spoke up, \"I was wondering when you'd come.\" Leo jumped and slapped her hand over her mouth to keep from screaming. \"Gideon?\" \"You don't need to know how to use the staff, Leo.\" he shook his head, stepping from the shadows of the dark room. \"Go back to bed.\" She shrugged, leaning against the cool, stone wall. \"I can't sleep anyway.\" Gideon thought for a moment before giving Leo an almost smile. \"When's the last time you stretched your wings, little angel?\" Leo brightened and stood up straight. \"Really?\" \"Go put on the rest of your gear.\" he nodded. Leo hurried back down the hall, fixing her arm bracers as she went. Quietly, she pushed open the door and whispered for Gideon. \"I'm here.\" he called back softly, his voice more gravelly than usual. \"Can we go now?\" she asked excitedly, moving to stand beside one of the larger windows. \"You going to jump out the window?\" he smirked. Leo shrugged, honey eyes flashing. \"I don't care as long as I get out.\" That hit Gideon hard. Did she not like being here? Did she want to leave? And even more worrisome, were they keeping her here against her will? \"Come on, we'll use the platform on the third floor.\" he said, making sure not to let his worry show through his words. As they reached the platform, Leo started to get nervous. She hadn't flown for years. What if she forgot how? Just as Gideon was about to leap off, she grabbed his muscled arm, \"Wait.\" \"What's the matter?\" he raised an eyebrow. She bit her lip, embarrassed at the possibility that she'd forgotten to fly. \"Um..maybe...well I haven't flown in a while...so..\" \"So?\" he pressed. She shrugged and mumbled, \"I can't remember how.\" He grinned and had to stop himself from laughing, \"Leo, no gargoyle forgets how to fly. It's in your blood.\" \"But I'm only half-gargoyle.\" she argued. His smile dropped, \"Listen to me, you are just as much a gargoyle as anyone here. You have strong, beautiful wings and I have every reason to believe that you can still fly.\" Leo felt her cheeks heat up and thanked god it was dark, hiding her face from Gideon. She nodded slowly, turning to face the quiet city. The woman breathed in deeply and with a running start, leapt off the edge. Adrenaline pounded through her veins and her stomach flipped as she dropped. Just a few feet from the ground, a familiar bright light shone from behind her and she felt her white, stone wings burst from her back. The small woman shot into the air and let out a cry of joy at the feeling of being out in the fresh air, soaring in the sky. She saw Gideon flying below her, completely stone, and dropped down to fly beside him. As she was about to speak, she heard a sharp scream to her right and veered off instantly from the man. \"Leo, no!\" he ordered, but she, of course, ignored him. Leo dropped to her feet, her wings disappearing into her cloak. \"Hello?\" she called cautiously, hands immediately going to her daggers. \"Anybody the-\" she was cut off by something flying at her from an alleyway. She jumped out of the way and rolled to her feet, running back in time to see two dark figures start climbing a building. \"Oh, no...\" Leo cooed sorrowfully upon seeing a young woman laying dead in the alley. She stooped down and whispered a short prayer before shooting up to find the culprits. Spotting them, she swooped down and flung one dagger into one of the demon's backs. It went deep and red and black fire sprung from the wound as the demon was pulled from the body and forced back to hell. The other demon turned around and bared its teeth at Leo as she stepped down in front of it, her cloak dropping around her calves. \"Gargoyle.\" it spat...literally spat, it was gross. Leo wrinkled her nose and flipped out her daggers quickly, circling the creature. The beast leapt forward, landing on top of the much smaller girl and she cried out, trying her best to fight it off. The demon growled and slashed at her arm, leaving deep gashes that instantly shone with bright light. \"Ugh, descend in pain, beast.\" Leo snarled, forcing her dagger into the creature's stomach. It burst into flames and spiraled in the air before descending noisily with a last bright flash. Leo sat up weakly and shook her head of the dizziness that came over her, holding her wounded arm tightly. \"Leo!\" she heard Gideon call from above her. \"I'm okay!\" she shouted back, rising to her feet unsteadily. He dropped down in front of her, turning to flesh. \"No, you're not.\" he snapped, striding forward and taking her hurt arm in his hand. \"Ouch!\" she snapped as he squeezed too hard. His expression softened and he held her upper arm more carefully. \"It's bad.\" he confirmed. \"It's going to scar, too.\" \"Good.\" she grinned. \"First real battle scar.\" Gideon shook his head, exasperated. \"Can you fly?\" \"Not sure, probably not.\" He raised an eyebrow at her quick response. \"You just want me to carry you, don't you.\" \"...Yeah.\"[Chapter 3] Hey! Don't worry, still writing! Still don't own I, Frankenstein. Reviews, favs and follows are ALWAYS appreciated ^_^ and y'all are awesome at it! Enjoy! 10 years later \"No, absolutely not.\" Gideon shook his head, crossing his arms firmly over his chest. Leo clenched her teeth and slammed her palms on the table. \"Why not?! I got my Tabard 53 years ago, today. And I STILL haven't been out scouting! Why can't I go with you?\" \"Because it's dangerous, Leo!\" he tossed his arms up in exasperation. She groaned, stomping her foot. \"But I'll be with you! How dangerous could it possibly be?!\" He stepped closer to the tan girl. She hadn't changed a bit since she was seventeen except for her chest getting a bit larger and her face becoming a bit more mature. \"You always find a way to make situations more dangerous.\" \"Gideon!\" she growled angrily. \"You can't just keep me here forever!\" He stepped closer, forcing her to take a couple steps back. \"I can, and I will. I can't risk you getting seriously hurt out there. You're a liability.\" \"A liability?!\" she snapped. \"Says the man who comes back from every mission with a new scar!\" Gideon now had Leo pressed against a wall and he growled lowly, \"Exactly. You've already got too many scars and if you go scouting you'll come back with worse than a few scars and I can't risk that.\" \"Why not?! I'm a warrior, just like you and Levi!\" \"You're a child!\" he spat. That one hit her deep and the hurt was evident in her honey eyes. \"Wait, Leo, I didn't...\" Gideon sighed as she slipped away from him and sprinted from the room. \"Nice one, Gideon.\" the gargoyle muttered to himself, grabbing a map from the table and rolling it up. There was a knock from the doorframe and he looked up to see the Queen. \"Majesty.\" he half-bowed. \"Did I hear yelling?\" she raised a perfectly sculpted eyebrow. He sighed, leaning against the table dejectedly. \"Leo is becoming more and more difficult to control.\" Leonore laughed lightly. \"She's a spirited young soul, that's for sure. But you also can't control her, you must know that, Gideon.\" \"I know, but sometimes I just wish I could.\" he grumbled, tossing the map into a chest. She sat down in one of the chairs and watched him. \"So, what did you do this time?\" Gideon groaned and collapsed into the chair opposite to her. \"Leo wants to go with me on a scouting mission and I told her it was too dangerous. She argued that she's a warrior like me and Levi-\" \"Which, she is.\" the Queen interjected. \"And then I told her she was just a child.\" he shook his head as if he couldn't believe he'd said such a thing to her. The Queen nodded gravely, \"Well, clearly, there's only one thing you can do to fix this.\" \"Majesty, no-\" \"She's waited many years. And she's been ready and capable since she was seventeen. She deserves a chance to prove herself. Let her go with you, Gideon.\" \"But-\" Leonore rose from her seat and gave him a severe look, \"That's an order.\" \"Yes, Majesty.\" he muttered as she left the room. Later that day, he went looking for Leo, but she seemed to be purposely avoiding him. Not that he could blame her. After years of teasing, flirting and toying with one another, to have him call her a child was just cruel. He knew deep down that she was beyond ready, but he couldn't help but be worried about her. And he doubted he would ever stop being worried about her. \"Ophir, have you seen Leo?\" Gideon stopped the deeply tanned gargoyle in the hall. He frowned at the commander and nodded. \"Yes, she was talking with Keziah, but I know for a fact that you are the last person she wants to see.\" Gideon clenched his jaw and nodded, walking past him in search of the two women. \"Leo, I know that you're upset, but you have to try and understand where he's coming from.\" he heard Keziah's voice and peered into a room. He saw Keziah pacing back and forth and Leo laying on a bed with her legs propped up against the wall. \"Oh yeah? And where's he coming from?\" \"You're only seventy years old, Leo. To him, you ARE a child.\" \"I'm half human too, you know! For a human, I'm looking pretty fucking fantastic!\" she growled. Keziah winced and tossed something at Leo's head. \"Language. And look, you know he feels bad about it. When's the last time Gideon got in a fight with you and wasn't the first to apologize?\" \"That isn't the point, Keziah! He's been flirting with me since I was sixteen! Back then I could understand him calling me a child, because I was! But now?! We don't know how long my lifespan is! I could be years from death!\" \"Don't say that.\" she scolded, still pacing. \"Look, eventually you'll go scouting and-\" \"Ugh! Keziah!\" Leo tossed her arms up before letting them drop onto the bed. \"I'm not upset about the scouting...well, okay I AM upset about that, but I'm really just upset that he would call me a child!\" Keziah stopped and crossed her arms, watching Leo squirm angrily on the bed. \"Leo, I know you wish for more with Gideon,\" the gargoyle felt his neck get hot and swallowed roughly at the thoughts running through his head. \"But don't you think it's time to give up this...childish fantasy?\" Leo sat up quickly and turned to give Keziah a poisonous glare. \"Sure, as soon as you give up the childish fantasy you've got for Ophir.\" \"Shut up.\" Keziah snapped after a moment of shock. \"And besides, even if we both got the fantasies we wanted, it's against the Order's rules and you know it.\" Leo lay back down with a huff and groaned, throwing her arm over her eyes. \"Keziah, sometimes I wish you'd never found me on those steps and brought me in.\" Keziah couldn't answer the girl, however, because Gideon had grabbed her and pulled her out into the hallway, shushing her. The gargoyle stepped quietly into the room and closed the door gently behind him, walking towards Leo. \"Keziah?\" Leo asked without lifting her arm from her eyes, still playing drama queen. Leo sat down beside her and slid his warm, calloused hand over her small, softer one. \"Not exactly.\" She gasped, and jumped up, grabbing her daggers instantly. \"Woah!\" he held his hands up in surrender. \"I know you're angry, but I came here to make up.\" Leo gulped, her cheeks turning light pink. \"How much did you hear?\" \"Enough.\" Gideon gave a small smile. The woman coughed lightly and slid her daggers back into their rightful places. \"So, why are you here? Come to tell me more about what a child I am?\" He sighed and looked down. \"Leo, it was wrong of me to say that, but Keziah was right. To me, being as old as I am, you are like a child-\" \"Then stop flirting with me!\" She shouted angrily, eyes narrowing harshly. \"Woah, hang on, I wasn't finished.\" he soothed, grabbing her flailing arms and pulling her close. \"But I understand that seventy years is a lot, you've been alive long enough. You're a strong gargoyle and a strong human...and you deserve a chance to go scouting.\" Leo's honey eyes lit up excitedly. \"You're taking me with you?!\" \"I am.\" Gideon nodded. \"Oh, thank you!\" she gasped, flinging herself into his arms and laughing happily. Gideon felt heat roll through his entire body as he squeezed her back and couldn't help but smile softly. \"But,\" she pulled away. \"You can't keep toying with me.\" \"Keziah was also right when she said that it's against the Order's rules.\" Leo's arms slipped from Gideon's neck and she looked down. He paused, instantly feeling guilty and needy and pained all at once. He bit his lip, knowing it would be a bad idea, but also knowing he had to do it. \"So...we can't get caught.\" Her eyes shot up to meet his and she grinned, hurling herself back at him and pressing her face into the crook of his neck. Gideon felt his stomach clench nervously, but held her tightly, wincing as she ground against him. \"Leo...oh...\" The next morning, Gideon groaned and tried to roll out of bed, but found a small body in the way. \"Shit...\" he muttered to himself, watching as Leo slept soundly, her steady breaths slowly calming his initial panic. The large gargoyle couldn't help noticing the scars that lined her smooth, tan back. Two in particular stood out and they seemed to be exactly where her wings would normally come from. He gently traced the bumpy scars and reveled in the warmth she gave off. \"Leo!\" a knock came at the door and Gideon leapt up to find himself completely bare. Leo sat up lazily and looked at the door before noticing Gideon standing before her. She looked him up and down appreciatively and gave him a sly smirk. There was another loud knock at the door and Gideon growled lowly, \"Shut up!\" and jerked his head towards the door before opening the door to Leo's bathroom and stepping in. Leo grinned and ran a hand through her short locks, getting out of bed and opening the door. She winced at the bright light and Keziah winced at Leo's naked form. \"Leo, when will you stop sleeping in the nude?\" she snapped, looking away from the woman. \"Never, if I can help it.\" she smirked. Keziah rolled her dark eyes and stepped into Leo's room. \"Have you even started getting ready?\" \"...Ready for what?\" The gargoyle spun to look at her and immediately regretted it. \"The scouting mission!\" \"Is that something I need to get ready for? I thought we just left with our weapons...maybe a toothbrush.\" Leo mumbled, rubbing the back of her neck and suddenly wishing she had clothes on. Keziah seemed ready to start twitching, \"Pack clothes and extra weapons, you also-\" she paused, noticing clothing too big for Leo on the floor. \"That's not your cloak.\" Leo swallowed roughly and bit her lip. \"...Could I put some clothes on?\" \"Leo, those are NOT your clothes.\" Keziah rounded on her. \"I know that cloak-\" she gasped, seeing two familiar blades on Leo's night stand. \"Is Gideon here?! They've been looking for him for hours!\" Keziah whisper-screamed. The woman leapt forward, slapping her hand over Keziah's mouth. \"Shh! Yes, Gideon was here. Nothing happened! He just came to make up and ended up sleeping on the floor! He's taking a bath...\" she finished lamely. \"Oh, I bet he came to make up. He came to make up yesterday afternoon!\" Keziah hissed, ripping Leo's hand away from her face. Leo slumped where she stood. \"Look, Keziah, please. You know that if anything happened between you and Ophir, I wouldn't breathe a word.\" Keziah pressed her lips together and crossed her arms. \"Fine. But don't get caught by anyone else, Leo! You could be punished severely. You're already distrusted by many in the order, and being caught wouldn't help.\" \"Oh,\" she tried to give the older woman a hug, but Keziah immediately stepped out of the way. \"Don't touch me when you're bare, Leo.\" the woman shook her head and walked from the room yelling for Leo to pack and hurry up. Leo rushed to the door and shut it hurriedly, locking it while she was there. Gideon stepped from the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist and Leo felt her cheeks flame. \"Keziah knows.\" he stated, his own cheeks turning a little pink at both the thought of Keziah knowing and at Leo's naked form. She was...thick...and it was good, to say the least. The young gargoyle coughed nervously and gave a short nod, trying to avoid looking at Gideon's well formed torso. The older gargoyle noticed and his playful nature, that only showed when Leo was around, beat his momentary embarrassment. He grinned and in two strides had her pulled against him, \"Are you well, Leo? Your cheeks look a bit flushed. Maybe you should sit this scouting mission out.\" Leo tried to argue but Gideon had bent down and started brushing his lips against her neck making her words catch in her throat. \"Gid...eon...stop!\" she managed to pull herself away. He held tightly to her waist and cocked his head to the side. \"Something wrong, little angel?\" The back of her neck heated up at the nickname and she pushed him away. \"Keziah is right, we can't get caught. You need to get dressed and ready for the mission and make sure no one sees you.\" \"Leo,\" Gideon tried to pull her back, but she shook her head, already starting to pull on clothing. \"Gideon.\" the severity in her tone made him stop and compose himself, suddenly feeling extraordinarily foolish wearing just a towel. He reached down and picked up his clothes, pulling everything on silently before grabbing his blades and securing them. By the time he turned around, Leo was packing for the mission and avoiding looking at him at all costs. \"Meet in the throne room in half an hour.\" Gideon ordered coldly making Leo flinch and bite her lip. She turned to the ticked gargoyle and grabbed his large hand, \"Gideon,\" he was oddly pleased to find that her voice had softened. \"I'm sorry, I'm just...nervous.\" \"Leo, we just need to be cautious. We will not be caught again.\" he pulled the small woman closer and this time, she didn't resist. \"Not that, Gideon...I'm nervous about scouting.\" she admitted. The gargoyle smiled and held her tightly as she wrapped her arms around his torso. \"I will not let anything touch you.\"[Chapter 4] It's been a bit since I uploaded, sorry! Reviews, favs and follows are doing great and are ALWAYS appreciated. Still don't own I, Frankenstein. Enjoy! ^_^ Also! To the person who commented that you hated Gideon in the movie and don't know why I would write a fanfic about him: I don't care what you like. \"Leo! Stop goofing around and focus!\" Ophir hissed from behind the woman, unseen by mortal eyes. The beautiful, tan gargoyle grinned and walked happily down the small, city street. \"Leo, we're serious. You need to go and find the nest! Ask someone if they've seen anything suspicious.\" Keziah urged. Leo rolled her eyes and stepped up to a vendor on the side of the street. \"Excuse me, have you seen any people acting strange lately? Maybe they were...killing people, chanting, hissing-\" \"Je suis désolé, Je ne parle anglais.\" the aging man apologized, holding up his hands. \"Oh, um..\" Leo was taken aback, not knowing what to do until she heard a soothing voice in her head, \"Say this; Excusez-moi, avez-vous vu des personnes agissant étrange ces derniers temps? Peut-être qu'ils tuaient les gens, chantant, sifflant.\" The woman snapped her head around to find the voice, but saw no one. Only the gargoyles and a few passers by. \"Uh...excusez-moi, avez-vous vu des personnes agissant étrange ces derniers temps? Peut-être qu'ils tuaient les gens, chantant, sifflant-\" \"Ah!\" the man brightened, nodding and pointing down the street. \"Oui! Ils se rassemblent dans ce marché abandonné sur la route. Ils ont pris beaucoup de nos citadins, se il vous plaît aider.\" Leo glanced down the street and shook her head, not understanding. \"He says that they congregate in an abandoned market down the street and they've taken many of the townspeople. He asks for your help.\" \"Oookay..\" she mumbled, turning from the man and walking down the road uncomfortably. \"Is everything alright?\" Ophir asked, falling into step with her. \"You seem freaked out.\" Leo nodded jerkily and continued down the cobble street. \"Um...you wouldn't happen to occasionally, I don't know...hear voices?\" Ophir grabbed her arm and forced her to stop. Gideon and Keziah had already stopped and stared at the young gargoyle. \"Are you hearing voices, Leo?\" \"Just one...he told me what to say to the man and what the man said back...I didn't understand his language.\" Leo bit her lip anxiously. \"Is it bad?\" \"Well, hearing voices generally isn't a good thing.\" Keziah grumbled, still cross from finding out about Leo and Gideon. Gideon held his hands out, \"Look, we'll worry about that when we get home. The Queen will know what to do. For now, just focus on the problem at hand.\" \"Ugh,\" Leo groaned, getting to her feet and stumbling towards the fresh air and moonlight. \"Ow, ow, ow, ow..\" she mumbled, clutching her ribs and pretending not to notice the blood dripping down her stomach and thigh and the light shining from the wounds. Two figures dropped down beside her as she walked...well, shuffled down the nearly empty street. \"Leo! We told you to be careful!\" Keziah scolded, pulling Leo's free arm around her neck and holding on tightly. \"Yeah, sorry...um, what do you say we don't tell Gideon about this little accident.\" the young gargoyle suggested sheepishly. Ophir shook his head angrily, \"You are lucky that Levi called for him to aid in his battle or Gideon would have done more damage than the demons.\" \"I get it, for god's sake. I'm an idiot, okay? You happy?\" Leo rolled her eyes that seemed to glow in the moonlit night. Keziah pushed the door of the inn open and practically pulled Leo up the stairs. \"No, we are not happy! You could have died!\" she let go of Leo when they reached the bed. \"And all because you acted like a prideful child and ignored our warnings.\" \"I got them all, didn't I?!\" Leo snapped, growing tired of constantly being called a child by the gargoyles. \"You use your lucky success to justify being a fool!\" Ophir rounded on the woman. Keziah slammed down first aid supplies on the table beside the bed, \"You cannot continue on like this! We will not always be around to tell you what is right and wrong!\" Ophir got a bowl of clean water and rags, \"We've been teaching you since you could hold a weapon, and all these years later, you still cannot handle yourself in a battle!\" \"I-\" Leo started but Keziah held up her hand, cutting the woman off. \"Killing demons does not mean that you have won! What use is killing a few demons if you die in the process?!\" the tan, older gargoyle shouted firmly. \"There is more to battle than the death of the enemy!\" Ophir wrung out a towel and flung it about wildly as he scolded Leo, \"You are seventy years old, Leo! The Queen expects much of you and you are constantly acting childishly and getting yourself and others hurt! This is why Gideon was so against taking you on a scouting trip!\" \"ENOUGH!\" Leo roared, jumping to her feet and ignoring her body's painful protests. Keziah and Ophir looked shocked, each taking a step back. \"I WILL NOT BE TREATED LIKE A CHILD. GET. OUT.\" Leo's eyes had lit up in furious, glowing gold and unbeknownst to her, white marble wings had sprung from her back with lighting speed. \"Leo..\" The door to the room slammed open along with the window and door to the small balcony. \"I said, get out.\" The two gargoyles backed out of the room, hearts beating wildly at the new found power of the woman. \"What should we do?\" Keziah asked quietly after shutting the door behind them. \"We have to find Gideon.\" Leo sat on the lone bed in the room as tears rolled down her tan cheeks. She clutched her aching ribs and sniffled loudly noticing the light that still shone from her two deepest wounds. \"What is the matter, my child?\" the calming voice echoed in Leo's throbbing head. Her breath hitched and she wiped angrily at her sticky cheeks. \"I'm tired of being in the order. I can't have the man I love...not publicly anyway, I'm constantly called a child by everyone, half of the order doesn't even want me, whenever something goes wrong, I seem to get blamed. I'm just...I wish they'd never taken me in.\" The voice tsked and responded softly, \"Do not be sad for this, my daughter. You are as respected and loved as any other gargoyle in the order. You are special, chosen, there is a reason Queen Leonore took you in.\" \"Why?\" Leo hiccuped, using the wet rag to wipe the sticky trails off her face. \"We spoke to her. Told her to take you in. Told her that you are special. The child of a gargoyle and human is rare. You are only the second to ever exist.\" \"Who is we?\" she asked quietly, still holding her burning ribs. The voice sighed in her head, \"There is no more point in hiding. My name is Michael. Usually, I would only speak directly with the Queen, but I have made an exception this once, for you.\" Leo thought for a moment, she didn't know anyone named Michael...unless... \"You...you don't mean to say you're the archangel Michael, do you?\" \"I am, admittedly, pleased that you know who I am. You must also know, however, that we cannot speak again. This is forbidden usually and rare for an archangel to be able to speak with any gargoyle but the ruler. Remember, Leo, you are special.\" And then the voice was gone. But another one took its place. This time outside of her head. \"Leo!\" Gideon slammed the door open, making the woman flinch and then hiss, grabbing her ribs. \"Ophir and Keziah told me what you did and- Leo...\" he trailed off, noticing the severity of her wounds. \"God.\" he muttered, easing onto the bed beside her. Leo refused to meet his eye. \"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have acted so foolishly and childishly. I understand if you will no longer take me on scouting missions.\" Gideon felt his heart clench at how sadly she whispered the last bit, and even though it was true, he couldn't bare keeping her in the Cathedral where he knew she felt trapped. \"Silly little angel.\" he soothed, taking her cheek in his warm, calloused hand. \"I forgive you for behaving the way you did...I admit, I acted foolishly on my first scouting mission as well...\" She looked up with a small smile. \"You? Acted foolishly?\" \"Just because I'm not half human, doesn't mean I'm not alive. Gargoyles are far from perfect, you know.\" he teased gently. Leo looked him up and down before nodding condescendingly, \"I know.\" 30 years later \"Leo?!\" Gideon yelled down the main hall before stopping a random gargoyle, \"Have you seen her?\" \"Sorry, no.\" he shrugged, wincing as Gideon threw him away angrily. The large gargoyle ran down the hall and up several flights of stairs, panting as he finally stopped on the third floor in front of the platform and looked out over the city. \"LEO!\" he roared. \"Yes?\" came the impishly calm reply. Gideon spun around with a startled yelp, nearly falling off the platform. Leo collapsed onto her back in a fit of laughter, rolling about on the stone floor. \"Leo, I swear I'll-\" \"Ahem.\" someone cleared their throat from a few feet away. \"I assume you are the half gargoyle child that Leonore deemed worthy of the cathedral.\" Leo got up quickly, suddenly serious and mature. Gideon nearly toppled right off the platform again at the sudden change. He'd never seen her this somber in her entire life. \"Yes, sir.\" she nodded. \"Follow me. You will be tested down the hall.\" the neatly robed gargoyle sighed, and gestured for Leo to follow him. \"You may come as well, Gideon.\" Said gargoyle furrowed his brow in confusion, \"What's going on?\" he demanded an explanation. \"I see you were not told,\" the new gargoyle gave off an air of both wisdom and extreme pretentiousness. \"Well, there has been some debate over the past eighty-three years as to whether or not this child is truly a gargoyle.\" Gideon glanced over at Leo and saw her fists and jaw tighten when the gargoyle used the term, child. \"Today, her one-hundredth birthday was chosen to be her final test. Time to see if you're really gargoyle material.\" The gargoyle practically sneered at Leo as he held the great, wooden door open for both her and Gideon. Leo swallowed roughly and stepped into the room, looking around at all of the, seemingly, regal gargoyles sitting in a circle around a wide space. \"Majesty,\" Gideon started, walking towards her. She held up her hand and shook her head firmly, pointing for him to sit down. \"Leo, step forward.\" The young gargoyle obeyed. \"Present your weapon.\" Again, she obeyed and slid two large knives from her back, showing all of the gargoyles that they were, indeed, branded with the order's symbol. \"Show your wings.\" A whoosh filled the nearly silent room as Leo unfurled her white, marble wings. \"S...\" the queen faltered for a moment before regaining her composure. \"Prove your gargoyle lineage.\" Leo clenched her teeth and put one knife away before sliding the other across her upper arm slowly. Instantly, bright light shot from the wound, along with crimson blood. \"There!\" a large, male gargoyle should, leaping up from his seat. \"She bleeds mortal blood!\" Mutters went through the crowd and more shouts and accusations sprouted up from angry, unbelieving gargoyles. \"Silence!\" an old gargoyle commanded. \"Our Queen is leading this test.\" Leonore nodded gratefully at the older gargoyle and turned to face the gargoyle who had shouted first. \"Of course she bleeds mortal blood. She is half mortal!\" The half gargoyle ran a hand through her short locks and swallowed past the ever-growing lump stuck in her throat. \"Leo, we will discuss and come to a decision. You will be called back in when we are finished.\" Leo nodded to the queen and walked as calmly as she could from the room. \"No, Gideon.\" Leonore's voice rang out. \"You will stay.\"[Chapter 5] Wow...y'all have been waiting a while...sorry bout that. Also, this chapter is really shitty, so sorry for that too. I just felt like y'all really deserved an update. So! Reviews, favs, and follows are always appreciated. Enjoy ^_^ As Leo paced outside the closed doors with a pounding heart, both Gideon and the Queen were barely sitting still on the inside of the room, not knowing what the final vote would come to. \"How do we know she can be trusted? She's half human, what if she acts irrationally?\" an older gargoyle shouted from his seat. The Queen's eyes sharpened into a deathly glare, making the gargoyle sink down in the chair. \"I know many a gargoyle with no mortal blood that act irrational. Leo has never failed a mission and has always come back in one piece, which is more than I can say for some.\" she glanced at a different gargoyle who argued against Leo. The gargoyle hid her mangled arm in her cloak, embarrassed. \"And when will she die?\" a young gargoyle warrior questioned. \"Gargoyles are immortal which is why we have been placed on this earth to be protectors.\" Leonore swallowed roughly before speaking, \"It is true that we do not know when she will die, but she is one hundred years old and looks no older than she did when she was twenty. She is a valiant soldier and has never let us down.\" A sharp-looking gargoyle stood up. \"And what of the stories we hear of her constantly needing to be saved?\" she raised an eyebrow at Gideon. \"We are told that she has little concept of planning. That she rushes into situations she cannot handle and fights she cannot win. We are told that she has put gargoyle and mortal lives in danger with her reckless behavior.\" Gideon leapt to his feet to defend her, but Leonore grabbed his arm roughly and shoved him back into his seat. \"It is true that Leo can be reckless, she can rush into precarious situations with little thought, but she has never put gargoyle or mortal lives in danger. Leo would rather go into battle alone than have her allies, or innocents, in danger.\" One of the oldest gargoyles in the room rose carefully to his feet. \"I believe we have heard enough to make our decision. All those in favor?\" Gideon was the first gargoyle out of the room, he almost barreled into Leo who had been waiting impatiently outside for the verdict. He pulled her into a bone-crushing hug and spun her around before setting end on the ground gently. \"They are allowing you to stay.\" Leo let out a relieved gasp and grinned widely. \"I could kiss you!\" she laughed, but stepped quickly away from him when she saw the Queen leaving the room with members of the Gargoyle Council. The short-haired gargoyle sent a wink at Gideon and fell into step with the Queen, a serious expression masking her usually playful attitude. Gideon watched as she walked with the Queen, her head held high and her strides like that of the warrior he trained her to be. Five years later \"My Queen-\" Leonore quickly stopped Gideon from speaking. \"Leo will go on this scouting mission alone.\" the warrior bit his tongue and looked at the ground. \"It is high time she learned to be on her own in a fight, and I mean completely alone.\" the queen added on when she caught the look Gideon started to give her. \"Keziah,\" the thin gargoyle met the Queen's gaze immediately. \"Get Leo, please.\" \"Yes your majesty.\" Gideon clenched his jaw tightly and looked at Ophir who raised an eyebrow. \"Majesty, last time Leo went on a scouting mission she was badly injured and-\" \"That was years ago. She deserves a chance to prove herself and her skills, and might I add,\" Leonore gave Gideon a long stare. \"That she was injured because her commanding officer was not there to help.\" The warrior swallowed roughly and felt heat crawl up his neck. \"Your majesty!\" Leo cried excitedly, rushing into the throne room with a wide grin. \"Thank you so much, I promise I won't disappoint you!\" For a moment everyone in the room thought Leo might hug the queen, but the young gargoyle simply stepped right up to Leonore and bounced on her heels happily. Leonore, unlike Gideon, couldn't keep the smile from her face as the half-gargoyle beamed up at her. \"You are welcome.\" the queen looked up and cleared her throat. \"I would have a moment alone with Leo.\" she gave a pointed look to her guards and they hurried everyone out of the room before closing the doors. \"I am sending you to Germany to survey the mountains. We have gotten word that there have been unusually high suicide rates as of late, and it is high time for you to go out on your own and prove yourself.\" Leo watched the queen steadily as she spoke. \"Yes, your majesty.\" she nodded. Leonore raised an eyebrow, \"You accept?\" Leo frowned, \"Of course, your majesty. Why wouldn't I?\" \"Just making sure you are willing to go scouting on your own, Leo.\" the queen said airily. \"You leave tomorrow at dawn. Get ready. You are dismissed.\" The dark-haired woman nodded and left the throne room to find Keziah, Ophir, and Gideon all waiting just outside. \"What happened? Are you going by yourself? Where are you going?\" Keziah blurted as soon as Leo shut the doors behind her. \"Woah, calm down. Nothing happened, I leave tomorrow at dawn for Germany.\" the young gargoyle started to walk to her room when Gideon caught her by the arm. \"That's it? By yourself?\" he frowned. Leo rolled her eyes and snatched her arm back from the large gargoyle's grasp. \"The whole, 'Leo is too childish to do anything on her own' thing is getting kind of old, okay?\" Keziah and Ophir shared a look of concern that could almost be called parental. \"Leo, maybe we could-\" \"ENOUGH.\" Leo whirled around angrily, her eyes glowing bright gold for a moment before she closed them, calming herself and walking away to get ready for her mission. \"I am going to Germany by myself tomorrow. I'd prefer if you didn't see me off.\" Gideon clenched his jaw and for a moment it appeared as though he was going to reach for his weapon, instead he stomped off towards one of the training rooms huffing angrily. Early the next morning, Keziah knocked softly on Leo's door. The ancient wood swung open to reveal a tidy bedroom, void of life. \"She left last night. Didn't you know?\" a passing gargoyle voiced. \"I'd avoid Gideon today if I were you, he didn't know either.\" Keziah sucked in a breath and went to find Ophir. Leo had been flying all night and was growing increasingly exhausted. She'd never flown this far without a break...or without another gargoyle. Finally, the young gargoyle swooped low to the ground and allowed her wings to fold into her cloak. Stumbling, she grabbed onto a tree to keep herself from pitching forward into the dirt. The sun was just starting to break on the horizon and the snowy mountains were slowly being bathed in golden light. Leo leaned heavily on the tree behind her and sighed. \"I have no idea what I'm doing,\" she groaned after a minute and rubbed her face tiredly. \"Okay, what would Keziah do?\" Leo glanced around wearily for a moment. \"Find a safe place to rest.\" The golden-eyed woman grumbled to herself before running forward and sprouting wings, soaring upwards into the frigid air. After searching for more than an hour, she finally spotted what looked like a small farm. \"Hello?\" she called softly once she'd landed. \"Anyone here?\" only silence greeted her. Leo winced at the deafening creak that the barn door let out when she pushed it open. Stepping inside, her eyes roamed the open space. After a moment, she confirmed its safety and climbed up into the loft, burying herself in some hay and almost immediately falling asleep. \"Do you think she's okay?\" Ophir asked while he and Keziah were patrolling that night. Keziah scoffed, \"Ophir, she's a capable warrior, she'll be fine.\" He paused and then, almost sheepishly, asked, \"Do you think Gideon's okay?\" \"Oh, Ophir,\" Keziah rolled her eyes. \"What if something happens? We won't even know.\" Ophir groaned after a minute of walking in silence. Keziah stopped and turned to face him. \"Ophir, listen to me, Leo will be fine. Have you no faith in her at all?\" \"I have too much faith in her,\" he shook his head. \"Too much faith in the fact that she always gets herself into trouble.\" \"Descend in pain, beast.\" Leo spat as the last Demon exploded in a fiery column and was pulled back to hell. After a tense moment, she dropped to her knees and took a shuddering breath. It had been a close battle. Nearly fifteen demons had circled her as she surveyed the woods, and had it not been for their stench, she might've never known they'd been there until too late. Leo winced as she tried to stand back up, grabbing a tree branch to steady herself, she got to her feet. Assessing the damage, she found that it was mostly bruises and sore muscles, but there were a few cuts that were steadily leaking blood and there was a familiar sharp pain in her chest that ached whenever she took too deep a breath. \"Just stop breathing.\" Leo muttered sarcastically. \"What if she's hurt?\" Ophir frowned. \"It's been almost a week, and she said she'd be back soon, a week isn't soon.\" Keziah struggled to keep her temper under control. \"Ophir, I will not say it again. Leo is fine. Soon could mean a month, or a few days. We just have to wait and see.\" \"But what if-\" \"By the archangels I will kill you if you do not stop!\" Keziah snapped, slamming her cup down on the table and sloshing her drink over the sides. There was a tense silence at the table of eating gargoyles before Ophir opened his mouth, \"But what if.\" \"Ow, ow, ow,\" Leo groaned, clutching her side and cursing the demons that had jumped her outside of the small German village. \"Why are there so many damned demons in the mountains.\" Suddenly, an intense feeling of being choked went through the small gargoyle and she dropped to the ground coughing until her throat was raw. When she opened her eyes, they were bleary with tears and she rubbed at them viciously, not wanting to give any more demons the opportunity to take her by surprise. Leo looked down at the snow, frowning when she found it stained red. She'd bandaged her wounds tightly again that morning, patting herself down she could find no bleeds. \"What-\" she tried to speak but was immediately overcome by another body-wracking cough. When the short-haired gargoyle pulled her hand away from her mouth, she felt her heart freeze in her chest. Her fingers were speckled with dark blood. \"This has gone on long enough, majesty.\" Gideon growled, pacing before the queen. \"Keziah and Ophir agree with me,\" the two gargoyles in question snapped their heads up to look at him. \"We must look for her, she's been gone nearly three weeks.\" The queen, clearly unfazed by Gideon's anxiety, sighed, \"You must have more faith in her. Warriors have gone away for months at a time before returning, unharmed.\" \"She's barely even-\" Gideon's retort was cut off by the throne room's doors being thrown open loudly. \"Majesty, Leo has returned!\" a gargoyle rushed. \"She has asked to speak with you.\" Gideon immediately started forward, but the gargoyle stopped him. \"She has asked to speak with the queen alone.\" Leonore raised a sculpted eyebrow before standing and following the messenger hurriedly. Gideon shared a glance with Keziah and Ophir before all three ran after them. \"Leo!\" they heard the queen exclaim from a few hallways down. \"What on earth happened?\" As Gideon turned into the main hall, he thought his heart might stop completely. Leo stood, barely, before the queen, clutching her ribs tightly. She was bruised and cut and limping, but didn't even spare a glance at the three shocked gargoyles behind the queen. \"Majesty, I need to speak with you-\" she turned away and coughed in a way that pained Gideon to hear. \"Leo,\" the queen cooed worriedly when she turned her head back to face the queen, her hand still pressed to her mouth. The gargoyle wiped her lips carefully, making Gideon narrow his eyes in suspicion, and lowered her hand shakily, \"It's important, the demons are-\" \"Surely this can wait, majesty.\" Ophir cried incredulously. \"Leo must be cared for!\" \"It cannot.\" Leo said firmly. Leonore gave Leo a once over before shaking her head, \"Gideon, take her to the healing room. You can give your report later.\" Immediately, Gideon rushed forward and lifted Leo into his arms, frowning at how much lighter she felt. \"Ah!\" she cried, grabbing her ribs and clutching Gideon's shoulder. Leonore watched fondly as Gideon, the gargoyle she knew to be fearsome and gruff, held Leo gingerly to his chest and pressed his forehead against hers before going as quickly as he dared to the healing room.[Chapter 6] \"Leo, hey, come on. Snap out of it.\" Keziah lightly tapped the girl's cheeks for a moment until Ophir grabbed her hands and stopped her. \"What? She's got to wake up sometime.\" \"She'll wake up when she's ready. Not when you smack her enough times.\" Ophir rolled his eyes exasperatedly. Keziah threw herself off the end of Leo's bed. \"No, she'll wake up when Gideon comes back.\" Ophir shook his head unhappily at the woman, \"Keziah, you shouldn't say things like that. Especially when you know it's not true.\" \"Oh it's not?\" she smirked, stalking around the room. \"She stayed awake all through her healing until Gideon went to the mountains to avenge her or whatever that nonsense was, she stays asleep until he gets back two weeks later, and then she falls back into this never-ending sleep.\" \"It's not because of him. It's just coincidence.\" the dark man frowned, crossing his arms tightly. \"Like hell.\" Keziah snorted. \"Wait till he comes back again, and she'll-\" \"Wait till who comes back again?\" a gravelly voice questioned from the doorway. Keziah and Ophir jumped and whirled around. \"Gideon?!\" Keziah smiled nervously, taking a step back. \"Has she woken up?\" he asked gruffly, looking tired. Ophir glanced over his shoulder at Leo's unconscious form. \"No.\" Gideon moved to Leo's side and Ophir grabbed Keziah's arm, pulling her out of the room quietly. \"I'm here, my love. I won't leave again. The demons have gotten what they deserve.\" Gideon sighed, pulling a chair up beside her bed and took her small hand in his enormous, calloused one. A moment after he had settled down, Leo stirred softly. Her eyes slowly opened and Gideon looked down at her fondly. \"Gideon?\" she murmured. The gruff gargoyle flashed a rare smile and nodded. \"Yes, little angel.\" 26 years later-1795 \"We'll be back soon!\" Keziah called over her shoulder as she leapt off the landing platform, quickly followed by Ophir. Leo waved with a smirk as the two gargoyles grew to be specks in the clear sky. \"Good morning, little angel.\" Gideon smiled, putting his arms around Leo's waist. \"Isn't it a bit early for you to be awake?\" \"I wanted to see Keziah and Ophir off for their mission,\" she shrugged, turning in the strong gargoyle's grip. Gideon cocked an eyebrow and started leading Leo towards a training room. \"You don't usually see them off.\" Leo frowned, crossing her arms as they neared the vast, empty room. \"It just felt different. I have a feeling something is going to happen this time.\" \"Something like what, Leo?\" Gideon asked, throwing her a staff. The woman grumbled under her breath as she caught the wooden weapon easily. \"Something like...something like...me.\" Gideon furrowed his brow, blue eyes watching Leo carefully. \"What do you mean something like you?\" \"Something...unnatural.\" she looked at the ground, with a vice grip on the staff. \"Nevermind, I'm being ridiculous.\" she muttered, twirling the staff and readying herself. Gideon gazed at Leo fondly before tossing his weapon aside. \"What would you say to a day off, little angel?\" A confused smile appeared on Leo's lips, \"A day off? Like I don't have to train, or..or anything?!\" He nodded, \"We can do whatever you want today.\" \"I want to go into the city!\" Leo cried excitedly. The older gargoyle bit his bottom lip, not wanting to disappoint her. \"Leo...we are not allowed into the city unless-\" Leo rolled her golden eyes and threw the staff to the floor with a bang. \"Yeah, we're not allowed in the city unless it's for a mission. Whatever. Thanks for the day off.\" \"Leo, I am sorry, but you know the rules.\" he placed a rough hand on her cheek. The young gargoyle slapped his hand away angrily, \"Yeah and you know them too. So I guess you should stop coming to my quarters after dark.\" Gideon winced as though he'd been hit. \"Leo..\" \"What's the point of being half human if I can't even be around them.\" she kicked the staff, making it roll slowly and sadly away as she turned to leave the room. \"Leo, you know I wish to give you all that you want, but this is one rule on which I cannot waver.\" he reached out and grabbed her hand. \"I treasure you, Leo. You are my world, but there are good reasons for our rules, especially the ones that concern interaction with humans.\" \"I'm human!\" she shouted, her anger echoing in the rafters. Gideon grabbed her by the upper arms and held her tightly, \"You are a gargoyle, Leo. And you always will be.\" Leo's honey eyes filled with tears and she buried her face in Gideon's chest, gripping his arms tightly as she shook. The gruff gargoyle cleared his throat and put his arms around her the best he could, resting his cheek on the top of her small head. \"Please do not cry, my love.\" - Leo awoke in unfamiliar chambers, in an unfamiliar, but soft, bed. She blinked blearily, sitting up slowly as she glanced around. It was neat, organized. There were rows of weapons on the stone walls, all with varying levels of battle damage, a huge wooden chest was pushed up against one wall beside a door, a bookshelf against the opposite, and the large bed was against the final wall, facing the larger, solid, wooden door. \"You're awake,\" Gideon's gruff voice came from the smaller door, which turned out to be the bathroom. \"I'm in your room...\" she mumbled sleepily as she began to get out of his bed. The gargoyle cleared the room in a few steps, pushing her back. \"Where do you think you're going, little angel?\" \"When did I fall asleep?\" she cocked her head to the side. \"After I had my way with you,\" he smirked, placing a knee between the woman's thighs and brushing his forehead against hers. \"At what time of day, I mean?\" she removed herself from his entrapment and padded across the stone floor to her clothes. Gideon watched her incredulously as she got dressed quickly. \"Are you...alright?\" he murmured. \"Why wouldn't I be?\" she questioned, raising a dark eyebrow. \"What hour is it?\" \"Dusk has just begun,\" he frowned. \"Why are you being so...serious?\" Leo furrowed her brow and looked up at the older gargoyle, \"As I recall, you're the one who constantly said I needed to grow up. Well, I've done it.\" \"Within the past twelve hours?\" he raised his eyebrows at her. The woman smirked and headed to the door, \"Yes, Gideon, in the past twelve hours. I'm going to see if Ophir and Keziah are back.\" She hurried from his room after ensuring no one was around to see, leaving a confused and slightly hurt Gideon in her wake. The man stood in the middle of his room and wrinkled his brow before stomping to the door and slamming it shut. He didn't understand why this made him so angry. He paused and thought for a moment, simultaneously pausing his inadvertent pacing. He did know why it made him so angry. \"The first time I bring her to my own-\" he trailed off his furious grumbling, balling his hands into tight fists before continuing his pacing. \"And she leaves just like that? Like she didn't even see me..\" The gargoyle closed his eyes and breathed in deeply, gathering himself and leaving his room. Gideon went to the Queen, firstly, as per his duties, though he desperately wanted to search the church for Leo; even if he only wanted to find her to give her the silent treatment. \"Gideon,\" Leonore smiled when the man entered her presence. \"Are you feeling well?\" He was slightly taken aback, she was always a bit more familiar with her warriors than he thought she should be. \"Erm, yes, your majesty, I...overslept.\" The woman smirked and dropped the subject, \"I believe we will need a chamber prepared for Ophir and Keziah's return.\" \"Majesty?\" \"I believe they will bring back an unwilling guest,\" she waved a pale hand dismissively. Gideon nodded stiffly, \"Is there anything else, majesty?\" \"Oh, there was something...\" she trailed off, tapping her chin softly. \"But for the life of me, I cannot remember. Oh well, must not have been important.\" One of Gideon's eyebrows quirked up, the Queen was feigning her forgetfulness and he got a feeling she was keeping something from him. \"Alright, I'll have Levi-\" \"No!\" she cut him off instantly. \"You prepare the chamber. I mean when's the last time you didn't just order someone to do something, Gideon?\" In that moment, the gargoyle detested the teasing smirk on his Queen's face. \"Yes, majesty, I'll prepare it at once...\" he grumbled softly before rushing to begin the task that would greatly interfere with his plans to find Leo. After thirty minutes of securing thick chains in the ground, Gideon sat back on his heels and cracked his knuckles. Levi walked by the open room and practically screeched to a halt, turning to enter the chamber. \"Why are you doing that?\" he raised an eyebrow and laced in fingers behind his back, watching Gideon on the floor. \"Our Queen commanded it,\" he huffed. Levi's face scrunched up as though he were extremely confused, \"But why are you doing it?\" The larger gargoyle clenched his jaw tightly before replying, \"Because our Queen commanded that I do it.\" \"Oh...so anyway you know Leo-\" the younger gargoyle cut himself off abruptly, his eyes widening as he realized why the Queen had Gideon busy. \"Was lookin for you..earlier..\" he trailed off lamely before scurrying out of the room. Gideon threw the chains down and stormed from the room, heading straight to the Queen's throne room. \"You set me on some foolish task so I wouldn't know Leo left!\" he cried indignantly the moment he saw Leonore. The Queen pursed her lips and raised a slim eyebrow, \"Clearly it did not work.\" \"Why would you do this?\" he frowned, seething quietly before the woman. \"She is not well enough to go.\" \"You are too controlling, Gideon.\" the gargoyle chuckled and sat gently on her throne. \"She was certain something was going to happen, and I concurred, so I allowed her to catch up with Ophir and Keziah.\" The man paced, clenching his fists to keep from raising his voice at the Queen, \"Majesty, why could I have not gone with her? She is not well enough to go, she came back weaker than she was...something happened to her in those mountains in Germany.\" \"You think I did not realize, Gideon?\" Leonore frowned, her pitch rising slightly. \"Of course something happened to her in the mountains. But she is still a capable warrior, and I believe she will be of use to Keziah and Ophir on this journey.\" The commander found himself forcing back tears as he stared at the ground, he was so furious and worried. \"Majesty-\" his throat became dry and he couldn't speak. \"Calm yourself, Gideon,\" she sighed, chin in her hand. \"She will be fine, all we can do is wait for their return.\" He shook his head and left the room, rushing back to his own chambers. He shut and locked the door before sinking onto his bed and putting his face in his hands. The gargoyle didn't know what to do, he wanted to go after her, but he knew that would only make Leo and the Queen angry. He was furious that he was being so affected by her leaving. There was no reason to be so worried, she was perfectly capable of taking care of herself, he himself had trained her. He never became this anxious when other warriors left and he knew it was wrong to feel and show favoritism, after all, Leo was just another warrior. A thought struck the man, if it came down to it; he would choose Leo over the Queen in a life or death situation. That made him stand upright, that was absolutely infuriating. He was the commander and right-hand to the Queen, it was his job to protect her above all else. \"I have to separate myself from her,\" he muttered softly, pacing slowly. Could he? He couldn't even go a day without missing her, how could he even begin to separate himself from her? The gargoyle rubbed his forehead anxiously, he desperately wanted to see Leo. She calmed him, made him feel powerful and safe. \"She interferes with your duties.\" he tried to reason. \"Instead of training, or planning, or scouting, you are sitting around worrying like an old woman. She made you late this morning.\" He rolled his eyes, Gideon knew perfectly well that his own reasoning would do nothing to change the way he felt. He wanted to see her, hold her, make sure she was alright. \"Come home, Leo,\" he groaned. \"Please.\" ","Summary":" So I didn't see any Gideon fics...or many fics at all and Jai Courtney is great, so...GideonXOC! I "},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"Hearts Of Stone and Dolphin's Tears","Author":"Orcinus-star","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12294042","Passage":"[Chapter 1] To say this was an unfortunate for an sixteen year old was to say the least. It just was not every day that a daughter buried her mother so young and alone at a funeral. All of their other relatives were either too old or too estranged to show up and pay their respects. The only kin she had left was a father she had never met. Her mother told her briefly about him when she first started getting sick as if she knew this illness would be the death of her. All she knew was that he was a very wealthy man who lived up north and probably would not have wanted to be burdened with a family especially since he only met mother once and did not even know of my existence. However now that she was all alone it seemed meeting him was the only option left for finding a home and a family. She wiped the rest of her tears away as she gave her final glance at the coffin and turned away, clunching the piece of paper that her mother had written an address on in her final hours and put in her pocket. The red haired teen advanced towards the taxi she had rented with some of the money her mom had left her and hopped in, but not before taking notice of an oddly dolphin shaped cloud appearing over where her mother had been buried. She thought nothing of it except that it looked exactly like a dolphin though it was weird it was there. Coming back to reality she told the driver to take her to the bus station so she could go meet her father for the first time. Little did she know that there was more the one side of him that she would get to meet...[Chapter 2] The trip from her home state of Florida to the Misty Islands was a long but uneventful one, requiring another taxi ride after the bus. It took all evening and the rest of the night to reach her destination and by the time the sun came up she had dozed in and out sleep, catching a few z's on the bumpy journey. With a yawn, she emerged from her slumber and waited out the rest of the bus ride until it finally stopped at the town she was staying at. Once it did she was on the final leg of her little adventure, and hailed down one last cab. She gave the driver a shy smile and handed him the address. He knew exactly where to go. Everyone in town knew about the Stone Corporation. The building was so huge it could be seen for miles. The bright yellow service vehicle drove right up to the entrance of the enourmous sea side sky scraper and courteously let its passenger out. The young girl inside thanked the driver and tipped him with the little bit of money she had left as she closed the door behind her, allowing him to drive away. She stared up at the massive towers before her, seeming almost intimidating somehow. With a nervous gulp she mustered her courage and straightened her hair back, making sure she looked presentable. Today is that day she would be meeting her dad for the first time after all. Holding her breath, she disappeared through the double doors leaving the world outside behind her and emerging into a world of big business. Everywhere there were people making themselves busy, working on goodness only knows what and the meek little redhead felt even more out of place wandering around in here uninvited. Glancing around, she caught glimpse of an elevator and headed towards it hoping no one would pay her any mind if they noticed her. Inside she read a list of floors and could see that her father's office was at the top which probably should have been the obvious choice to start with. Nervously, she pressed the button and breathed a little easier as the door closed with her alone in the elevator. A few seconds passed by before a chime was heard announcing she had made it to the top floor. Once she walked out however she realized she was not by herself. There was a scrawny man standing at a desk, scrambling to answer phones. He appeared busy but there seemed to be no other option but to approach him since they were they only two people around. She neared the nerdy looking man and did her best not to disturb his work but she need to know if he knew her dad. \"Um, excuse me...\" She timidly asked, unsure if he would even hear her over his work. The brown haired man had just finished taking a call when the girl spoke to him and he looked back and at her in surprise. Then he smiled kindly and extended a hand to greet her. \"Oh, I'm so sorry! I didn't see you standing there. Are you here for a job interview? You look young...Also we're not even hiring at the moment. So that's strange.\" He stated while sounding a little puzzled. \"Actually it's not that at all. You see, I'm here to meet my dad but he's not expecting me or anything. We've never met. His name is Rockland Stone.\" \"Oh my! So you're Mr. Stone's daughter? How thrilling! I'm sure he'll be just delighted to meet you! Let me see if he's in his office.\" The excited little assistant scampered off huriedly down the hall. \"Mr. Stone? Are you in there?\" \"Yes, Mr. Frikey? I'm kind of busy at the moment. It better be important.\" \"I should say so, sir. You have a visitor here to see you. Should I let her in?\" \"... Her ? Go ahead.\" Mr. Frikey waved at the girl and she headed to his whereabouts, stopping at the door. All that was left to do was turn the knob and open it. Yet something seemed to be holding her back. A part of her was screaming danger lies beyond here but she just chalked it all up to anxiety. That was the most rational explanation after all. \"Good luck, I hope you two bond.\" Mr. Frikey hastily whispered to her as a dainty hand clasped around the knob. She managed a faint smile in response before closing the door behind her only to be greeted by a formally dressed man in an elegant room equipped with a desk full of electronics and even an aquarium filled with tropical fish and a shark. \"Is there something I can do for you miss?\" Mr. Stone asked, staring the girl down as he invited her into his room. \"No. Well, yes. Sort of. Oh hey is that a fish tank?\" The girl inquired, pressing her nose against the glass of the aquarium. Unable to resist, she dipped her finger in the water and almost like lightning the caged shark went after its treat. Grabbing her by the wrist and quickly jerking her away in time, Mr. Stone saves the girl from being harmed by the predatory fish. \"You'll lose a finger if you play around in there. Now tell me who you are?\" The dark haired man demanded firmly. He seemed like the type to lose his patience if you kept him waiting too long. \"My name is Marina. I know it might seem hard to believe but I'm your daughter. You're the only family I have left.\" Marina revealed to him as she wiped off the saltwater from the aquarium on her blouse. The air felt tense again even though she was safe momentarily. \"Daughter? Well isn't this a surprise. I never expected to have any children.\" Mr. Stone circled around her much like his pet shark, inspecting her up and down as if he was being duped somehow. \"I assure you I'm not some scam artist out to get your money, sir. I just want to get to know you as you my dad and...I do have no where else to go, but if that's really any trouble for you I can live on the streets. I'll find a way to get by.\" Marina admitted a bit embarrassedly though she was equipped with some skills her mom had taught her that they were both not proud of such as shoplifting. When times were hard you did what you could and just hoped and prayed you would not get caught. Mr. Stone just laughed softly, as if amused that she would go to such lengths to survive. \"That won't be necessary. I believe you, Marina. To tell the truth I've always wanted a child, I wish your mother had told me sooner. I'd be proud to welcome you to the Stone family.\" He grinned and extended and hand in greeting. The young girl took it but seemed puzzled why they should shake hands. In her mind an embrace would be more appropriate. \"Can I have a hug instead?\" She asked, bright eyed and hopeful. He paused for a moment. He knew what would happen if they touched. However they were family and his secret would be safe with her. He would see to that. \"Fine. I mean, of course. We're family now.\" Mr. Stone replied hurriedly, already anticipating what was to come. \"Oh good, I was worried you'd say no for a moment there!\" Marina beamed as she leaned in and latched on to him like a tick. It took a few seconds for her mind to realize that something was not quite right. Part of her dad felt...cold. Very cold. The rest of him felt like a normal human being all except for the right half of his body. It was quite unnerving. \"Um, dad? Is there something you want to tell me?\" Marina anxiously hesitated to ask as she slowly backed away thinking she had made a mistake. \"There is a lot I need to tell you. It's all because of that rotten orca whale.\" He gritted his teeth in disgust at the mere thought of the marine mammal that caused him this fate. Marina was even more confused. How did a whale fit into all this? \"An orca? What did it do to you?\" She questioned further. \"This...\" Her father glared as he removed the prosthetic skin from his hand, revealing a metallic mechanical arm underneath. It was quite shocking to say the least but that was not the end of it. Pulling at his neck to take off the final piece was the mask which exposed his true face. A mostly human face with cyborg-like qualities. \"What...the...fuck. You're half terminator?\" Marina stared in shock, wide eyed and dumb founded. What in the world happened to her dad in the past? \"You watch your mouth, little girl! Also NO. What a stupid question. That wretched whale did this to me when he hurled me into that propellor. I'll never forgive him for what he did to me not until I've had my revenge.\" \"Sorry, it's just kind of a normal reaction to seeing your dad is half metal. It's not like I was prepared for this or anything. I'm also sorry that a whale messed you up but there's nothing you can do about it, right?\" The Machine's lips curled in a devilish smile. \"Oh but there is, and you're going to help me. You need a place to live, don't you? You can earn your keep by working for me.\" \"That sounds more like a job than a home.\" \"It's both. More or less.\" If she ever became too much of a burden it would be as simple as tossing her in the ocean to be rid of her but he had bigger plans for the girl. \"Okay...I'm not sure if I'm comfortable with that but I guess I have to take it. What will we be doing exactly?\" She asked timidly, fidgeting nervously. \"I was about to head out to do some important business but since you're here now you can accompany me.\" He spoke as he tapped at the electronic console on his desk, giving access to a hidden elevator behind his chair. \"Ooo, neato. Is this the entrance to some kind of secret lair?\" Marina followed after her father like a puppy, marveling at how the wall suddenly gave way to the passage beyond. There just must be something interesting at the bottom floor for sure. Her dad just chuckled at her perceptive yet innocent question. \"You could say that. Let's just say I've had a lot of spare time and money over the years to do with as I please.\" The Machine smiled as his daughter joined him in the elevator. Fortunately there was just enough space for the both of them even though it was initially designed for one. The door whirled shut with the press of a button and they were on their way. \"Soooo...aside from the whole whale business, how have you been?\" Marina awkwardly tried to make conversation, however her dad seemed to be more preoccupied by his thoughts as they descended. \"Hm? Oh. Fine. Just fine.\" He half heartedly answered back, barely paying her any mind. \"You know, I hope we can become close. You might not have been raised me or anything but I still want to get to know you as best as I can.\" Marina smiled sweetly and full of sincerity. He merely patted her on the head as if bemused by her desire. \"I'm certain we will.\" The Machine grinned and turned towards to the door as it opened once again. \"Ah, we've arrived. Marina, my daughter, I'd like to show you my base of operations.\" Stepping out of the hidden elevator, Marina could see that were definitely not in her dad's office anymore. It looked like a cavern of some sort. Lights were strung up along the rocky walls giving light where there should have been none. Even more peculiar was the deep bay with a magenta and gray submarine parked in it. The massive underwater vehicle looked like something straight out of a sci-fi movie. \"Woah! This is all yours? This is amazing! I've never seen anything like it.\" Marina remarked in astonishment as she raced towards the sub, eager to get a better look though unaware that she and her father were not the only ones down here. \"Intruder!\" Without warning, a strange almost alien-looking creature came into view. It appeared greenish and seemed to be made of some type of ooze or gunk. Sunken eyes glowing red made it appear unfriendly and intimidating. \"What the hell?!\" Marina screamed as the creature lunged after her, thinking she had just seen some kind of monster or possibly a very vivid hallucination despite not being on any drugs. She ran back towards her dad thinking he would surely help her. \"Dad, there's alien monsters in here! Help!\" Marina yelled frantically as she hid behind the mechanical man, terrified of what might would happen if he did not save her. She looked back and could see the slimey thing still giving chase. He just laughed it off. Like he geninunely thought the whole ordeal was funny and nothing to be concerned with. \"Those are just my lackeys. You shouldn't have ran off or else I would have warned you about them first and vice versa. They're not used to me bringing guests down here.\" \"She'sss with you...ssssir?\" The creature asked with an inhuman slurr. \"Obviously, you muck for brains. This girl is my daughter so spread the word to the other amphinids so we don't have another incident like this.\" The Machine ordered with a snappy tone, not wasting any affection on the gelatinous life form Marina could hear her dad talking but at some point the whole world began to spin and she felt sick to her stomach, then her vision started to black out. \"Huh...I don't feel right. Kind of feel like...I'm going to...\" Right before the word faint could pass her lips, the girl dropped to the ground and was out cold. Evidently she had seen too much. Her father shook his head in shame. \"Fainted first day on the job. How embarassing. Oh well, she'll toughen up if she's going to stay here. Take her to the sub and covert one of its rooms into a bedroom for her so she can recover. Go on and move, you bucket of slime.\" The amphinid did as it was told and took the passed out girl onboard the submarine and into an unoccopied room with a bed, laying her there to rest. While she was unconcious her father and his toxic henchmen had finished making their preparations and within an hour they were ready to dive. The enormous submarine's engines roared to life as her father sat at the controls and plotted his course. The smirk on his face could not be any more chilling as he began work on his master plan; a dark laughter rising from his throat and echoing throughout the command center of the sub. ","Summary":" To say this was an unfortunate for an sixteen year old was to say the least. It just was not every "},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"Free Willy: Legend of the White Orca","Author":"White Hunter","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12648460","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Free Willy: Legend of the White Orca Hey everyone, this will be my first \"Free Willy\" story. I do not own neither of the \"Free Willy\" movies or cartoon series, only the characters that I created. Chapter 1: Moving to a new home It was a sunny day on the pacific coast of Seattle as a car and a moving van drove down a winding road. In the car was a family, who was moving to Misty Island. In the back seat of the car was a thirteen year old girl with long black hair that grew down to the middle of her back, light tanned skin and dark blue eyes. She was wearing an ocean green short sleeved shirt with white around the collar and the rim of her sleeves, blue jeans and white sneakers with blue stripes on it. Her name was Allison Rivers, a half Hawaiian and half Canadian girl, who was moving to Misty Island with her family. Allison wasn't too thrilled about moving to a new home where she didn't know anyone. She wasn't very sociable around people that she didn't know. Allison was shy and untrusting towards strangers that she didn't know very well and she always kept to herself most of the time. Allison didn't have many friends to call her own back in her old home, Toronto and she really doesn't have very much confidence in herself. Allison was staring out the side window as she watched the scenery pass by her vision before she felt something nudging her left hand. Allison blinked in surprise before she looked down to see one of the family dogs nudging against her left hand. Jake, a one year old wolf-dog, had chosen to sit beside Allison in the back seat of the car on their journey to their new home. Jake had been abandoned by his previous owners when he had been a four month old pup. When Jake's owners realized what he was, they left him on the side of the road and he would have died if Allison's father hadn't found him. Allison's father was a veterinarian, and a Zoologists, who helps animals that were sick or injured. When Allison's father brought Jake home with him after healing the wolf-dog's injuries that the pup had received on the road, Allison's mother was a little sceptical in keeping Jake. But when Allison and Jake were first introduced to each other, a connection instantly clicked between them. Jake became a constant companion for Allison and the two friends barely separate from each other. Jake had deep blue eyes and black, dappled brown, fur with a white underbelly. Despite him looking more wolf than dog Jake acted more like a dog around Allison and her family. Jake was very friendly towards people he knows, but is very suspicious around strangers and always keeps to Allison's side to protect her as much as possible. In the back gate of the car, behind the back seats, a female Golden Retriever poked her head over the seat to look at both Allison and Jake. The Golden Retriever's name was Cleo. She was two years old with dark brown eyes. Cleo had been part of Allison's family ever since they adopted her when she had been a nine week old pup. Cleo had a gentle personality towards people and is very playful, but she's also wary around people she doesn't fully trust. Cleo was like a big sister to Jake as she teaches the young wolf-dog all she knew about being a dog. Allison smiled when she saw Cleo poking her head over the seat to look at both her and Jake before the young teen raised her left hand up to scratch Cleo under the chin, while scratching Jake behind the ear with her right hand. Jake and Cleo were the only friends Allison ever had and were the only ones who knew some of her secrets that she wasn't willing to tell her parents. Jake's tail wagged happily at the gentle scratching before Allison's mother spoke from the passenger's seat. Allison's mother, Molly Rivers, is a twenty nine year old Hawaiian woman with long light brown hair that grew down between her shoulder blades and dark brown eyes. She was wearing a light blue long sleeve shirt, a dark green wavy skirt and white flip-flops. \"We're almost to our new home,\" said Molly with a smile. Molly was a gentle and kind hearted woman who cares about her family very much. Molly Rivers had once lived in Hawaii with her family when she had been a little girl, but soon moved to Toronto Canada when she became a teenager. Molly was once a school teacher back in Toronto, but retired when Allison's father announced that they were moving. Molly is always worrying about Allison and would get over protective of her daughter if she found out that Allison was too close to danger. Allison gave her mother a small smile before it turned into a sad frown. \"Oh…cheer up Kiddo,\" spoke Allison's dad from the driver's seat. \"This place will grow on you, I'm sure.\" Allison's dad, David Rivers, was a thirty two year old Canadian man who had short black hair and hazel green eyes. David was wearing a blue buttoned up shirt with a white sleeveless shirt underneath, blue jeans and brown tie-up shoes. David was a veterinarian who is a kind man that tries to help animals that are either sick or injured. He was also a Zoologists that studies the habitats of animals and how he could help the environment. David was a dedicated father to his daughter and would try to find some time to spend a day with a family. Yet when he was called in for an emergency at the Vet Clinic, or the wildlife center, then he would have to put his free time with his family on hold. Allison knew how important her dad's jobs were, so she never showed signs of being down when it came to him leaving for work. When David was given notice a few weeks ago that he was assigned a job in an animal research center at Misty Island's animal clinics in Seattle, he had been ecstatic. David immediately took the job and got his wife and daughter ready to move. The only problem with them moving so suddenly was that he never asked his wife and daughter how they would feel about Moving. Molly was happy that her husband had gotten the job, but was a little upset that David didn't negotiate with her about moving. Allison was also upset about moving all of a sudden as well, but knew how important the job was for her father, so she didn't complain about it. Allison continued to pet Jake for a while until they finally came to their destination. \"Here we are, Allison,\" said Molly as she pointed to their new home as the car came to a stop as David parked it in front of a garage door. Allison unbuckled her seatbelt before she opened the side door and stepped out onto the dirt covered ground as she stared up at her and her family's new home. The house was a two story lodge that stood six feet near the shore of the ocean's water. A wooden dock stretched out across the water where it ended near the slightly deeper waters of the ocean. The lodge was made out of wood and stone with the chimney being made out of grey bricks. David and Molly stepped out of the car as they also looked up at their new home. \"Well girls, this is our new home,\" said David with an excited voice. \"Isn't this place beautiful?\" \"Yes, it is,\" replied Molly with a small smile. Allison only nodded her head before she heard Jake let out a huffed bark along with Cleo. Allison smiled as she understood that the two canines wanted out of the car. Allison stepped to the side as she let Jake jump out of the backseat before going around to the back door of the car. Allison opened the back door and petted Cleo on the head for a second before letting the Golden Retriever jump down to the ground. Once on the ground, Jake and Cleo began to playfully tussle with each other as they raced down towards the beach. Allison watched the two dogs play for a moment before turning when she heard the moving truck parking behind the family car. \"Looks like the movers caught up with us,\" said David happily before he looked at his wife and daughter. \"I'm going to see if I can help them out.\" With that said, David went over to the moving truck to see if he could help the movers. Allison watched her father head towards the movers' truck before she turned to gaze up at her new home again. Allison frowned at the lodge thoughtfully for a moment before she headed towards the front door with her mother following right behind her. The door to the lodge was a vermillion red with beautiful wood carving designs of vines and flowers on its surface. The window on the top part of the door was stained glassed that had a kaleidoscope effect to anyone looking long and hard at it. Molly stood beside Allison when they came to the front door before looking down at her daughter. \"You ready to see the inside of our new home?\" asked Molly with a soft smile. Allison only gave her mother a small smile as she nodded her head 'yes'. Molly smiled back at Allison before she brought out the key that she had acquired from the movers a few days ago before they had moved. Molly inserted the key into the keyhole and with one smooth turn…the lock to the door clicked open. The door easily swung open as Allison and her mother stepped inside their new home. The wooden floors within the house were a dark brown that was polished brightly on the surface. There were large glass sliding doors in the back of the family room that looked out onto a wooden deck and the shoreline where the water lapped against the rocks and sand of the beach. The kitchen was located on the left side of the house where the dining room stood near the kitchen entrance. Allison looked around the room that she and her mother were standing in for a moment before she heard the sound of claws scratching against glass. Allison turned to look towards the sliding doors and saw Jake and Cleo standing outside staring at her. Jake was using his left paw to scratch at the glass of the window to get Allison's attention. Allison smiled in amusement before she made her way towards the glass doors. Allison lifted the lock on the sliding doors before opening one of them as she let the two canines into the house. Jake let out a startled yelp, along with Cleo, when he felt his paws slipping and sliding on the surface of the wooden floorboards as he tried to run on top of them. Molly let out a burst of laughter along with Allison as they watched the wolf-dog skitter across the floor. Cleo, while slowing down her pace, made her way towards the stone hearth of the fireplace, which was set up within the family room. The fireplace was made of grey stones that were polished to a smooth surface. Cleo lay down near the fireplace and watched as Jake misplaced his footing and slipped. Jake fell to the floor with a *thud* and Allison shook her head with an amused smile before she walked over to help Jake. She sat down on her knees and helped Jake up onto his paws again. Jake gave Allison a lick to her right cheek, once he was steady on his paws, and Allison let out a soft chuckle as she hugged the wolf-dog around the neck. Molly watched her daughter with a sad smile before walking up to Allison. Allison noticed her mother approaching, along with Jake, and turned her attention on her mother. Molly crouched down to her daughter's eye level and began to speak to Allison. \"Allison…I know that moving here to a new home is going to be hard for both you and me, but I believe that we should at least give this place a chance.\" Molly than reached out with her left hand and tucked a strand of Allison's hair behind her daughter's right ear. \"It would also make me happy if you could talk a little more and try to make some friends here as well.\" Allison bit lightly down on the bottom of her lip as she considered her mother's words for a moment before smiling nervously. \"I…I'll try,\" said Allison in a small voice. \"I know you will, honey,\" said Molly with an encouraging smile. \"Now why don't you head upstairs and take a look at the bedrooms to see which one you would like to have.\" Allison nodded her head slightly before she go up from the floor and began to head towards the stairs. Jake followed after Allison, while being careful not to slip on the wooden floorboards again. Allison slowly ascended the wooden stairs as she let Jake catch up with her before she arrived to the second floor of her new home. There were a couple of doors that either led to a bedroom or a bathroom. Allison looked left and right, not sure where she wanted to go. Jake helped her in choosing which way to go by deciding to go right. Allison quickly followed after the wolf-dog as Jake led Allison down the hallway to the last door at the very end of the hallway. Jake came to a stop in front of the door and turned to look at Allison expectantly. Allison gave Jake a smile before she reached out with her right hand and grabbed the doorknob. She slowly turned the doorknob before opening the door and entered her new room. The room that Allison entered was large and spacious. The room had wooden floorboards that were a slightly different color from the main floorboards outside the door. The floor was a lighter brown with a tinge of red in it. Two glass doors, which led out to a wooden balcony that looked out over the beach and the lapping waters of the ocean. Allison made her way towards the glass doors and slid them open once she unlocked them. She stepped out onto the balcony with Jake following after her as Allison placed her hands on the railing to lean against it. A cool breeze blew across Allison's face as it brought in the scent of the ocean. Allison let out a contented sigh as the ocean breeze brushed back a few strands of her hair. \"The air of the ocean smells so pure,\" voiced Allison quietly to herself. Jake decided at that moment to stand on his back legs and place his front paws on the balcony's railings to look out at the ocean as well. Allison noticed this and smiled as she reached out with her right hand to pet Jake on the head. Jake let out a contented sigh as Allison gently scratched him behind the ears. \"This place is beautiful,\" continued Allison as she turned her gaze out towards the ocean again. \"But I'm not sure if I'll get used to it.\" Jake looked up at Allison with sad and understanding eyes. Even though he and Cleo love this place at first sight, they were still going to miss their old home back in Toronto. Allison let out another sigh as the breeze from the ocean brushed against her face again. \"But…I guess it wouldn't hurt to at least give this place a chance,\" said Allison as she gave Jake a small smile of encouragement. Jake let out a huff of agreement as his tail wagged happily back and forth. Allison let out a small chuckle as she continued to pet Jake on the head, while her gaze lingered on the lapping waters of the ocean. As Allison stared out at the water a flash of something white suddenly broke out from the surface of the water a far distance away before disappearing into the waves again. Allison blinked in surprise and quickly rubbed her free hand over her eyes for a sec before looking out at the waters again, but the white spec never appeared again. Allison wasn't the only one that saw the white spec, Jake had also saw it as well as the wolf-dog leaned his head far out over the railing as he could. Allison continued to stare out at the water with a curious look upon her face. ' What was that? ' thought Allison to herself. To be continued[Chapter 2] Free Willy: Legend of the White Orca Hey, everyone I'm back. Okay so I just want to tell you all that I'm combining my new chapter with my recent chapter to make the chapters longer. I hope you enjoy it. Chapter two It didn't take long for Allison and her family to start unpacking their belongings from the mover's truck, with the movers helping them in sorting out where they needed to place their beds and furniture in the house. It took all afternoon for Allison and her parents to move all of their stuff into their new home before the sky began to turn dark. Once they were done and had paid the movers for their hard work, Allison's father ordered pizza to have for supper tonight. Allison and her parents were sitting at the dining room table eating their pizza, while Cleo and Jake ate their dog food within the kitchen. Everyone was quiet as they ate their supper before Allison's father spoke up. \"Well girls, I'm going to be staring work tomorrow morning,\" announced David with a smile upon his face. \"So I'll be out all day.\" \"Then I guess that leaves me and Allison to our own devices,\" said Molly before she turned to look at her daughter, who was sitting at the left side of the table. \"What are you going to be doing tomorrow, Allison?\" Allison, who was about to take a bite out of her piece of pizza looked at her mother for a second before she answered her mother's question. \"W-well, I was thinking of going for a bike ride in the forest with Jake and Cleo tomorrow,\" answered Allison softly. Allison's mother had an unsure look upon her face and was about to voice her concern about the idea, but Allison's father suddenly spoke up with enthusiasm. \"Sounds like a good idea, Honey,\" said David with a smile. \"You need to know the lay of the land before you go to school in the next two weeks. So you better explore as much of this place as you can.\" Allison looked at her father and shyly nodded her head, while Allison's mother gave Allison's father a look of displeasure before sighing in exasperation. \"I'm not sure you should go out on you own tomorrow, Allison,\" said Molly as she looked at her daughter with her face expressing uneasiness. \"Even if you are with Jake, who I have no doubt will protect you out in the forest, and Cleo. I still don't think-\" \"Oh, Molly, stop babying our daughter with your consistent worrying,\" interrupted David with an unconcerned smile upon his features. \"Our daughter is growing into a teenager and she needs to have a little space to learn and see things for herself.\" \"But still…\" started Molly, but her husband cut her off again. \"Come now dear, don't be such a mother hen,\" persisted David. Allison's mother frowned at what her husband had said about her being a mother hen and spoke once again. \"At least I know when to be protective, unlike someone else I know,\" said Molly with a bit of a cold bite in her voice. Allison looked back and forth between her parents in worry. She didn't like people fighting in front of her and it made her upset that she was the one who had started it. Allison quickly stood up from her seat at the table, which caused her parents to look at her in confusion for a moment. \"I-I'm not feeling hungry anymore,\" spoke Allison nervously. \"I'm going…going to get ready for bed now.\" Before her father or mother could say anything, Allison quickly left the dining room and headed straight towards the stairs. Jake, who had finished eating his supper, noticed how upset Allison was and quickly followed after her, while making sure that he didn't slip on the polished floor along the way. Allison climbed up the stairs, with Jake following close behind her, as she made her way towards her bedroom. Allison opened the door and stepped into her room along with Jake before closing the door gently behind her and then sat down on the edge of her bed. Jake let out a soft whimper as he placed his right front paw on Allison's left knee. Allison responded by gently petting Jake on the head as the two of them shared a quiet companionship with each other for a while. Allison was then slightly startled when she heard a knock at her bedroom door. \"Allison, it's me,\" spoke the voice of Allison's mother from the other side of the door. \"Can I come in?\" Allison was hesitant for a second before she answered her mother: \"Sure.\" The bedroom door opened as Allison's mother walked in with Allison's plate of unfinished pieces of pizza. \"Hey,\" greeted Molly as she walked over to Allison and sat beside her on the bed. \"You forgot to finish you supper.\" \"I'm not really hungry now, mom,\" said Allison as she turned her eyes away from the plate that held her pizza. Allison's mother sighed as she placed the plate over to the side before bringing Allison in for a hug. \"Allison…your father and I may have our own differences once in a while, but we don't mean to get you upset when we get into a lovers quarrel once in a while.\" Molly said as she gently stroked the hair on her daughter's head before taking in a deep breath. \"So…if you're really set on exploring the forest around our new home, then I won't stop you.\" Allison blinked as she looked up at her mother in surprise for a moment before smiling when her mother added one more thing to her. \"Just don't wander off to far in those woods, alright?\" \"I promise mom,\" said Allison as she tightly hugged her mom. Allison's mother smiled as well as she hugged her daughter back. Jake nuzzled his head against Allison's right leg as he also joined in the hug. He was glad that Allison's mother had come around to the idea of letting them go out to have an adventure in the woods tomorrow. \"Now then, eat your pizza Allison,\" said Molly as she pulled away to look down at her daughter. \"You don't want you have a growling tummy keeping you up all night long, do you?\" Allison let out a giggle as she shook her head in agreement with her mother before she took the plate that had her pizza pieces on it and began to eat. Once she had finished her supper, Allison told her mother that she was tired and that she wanted to go to bed early. Allison's mother agrees to it, while hoping that she would have a quiet evening with her husband as she left her daughter's room with an empty plate in hand. Once her mother left, Allison began to pick out her favorite pajamas to sleep in and once she did, Allison made her way to the bathroom to brush her teeth and changed into her pajamas. Allison returned to her room in her pajamas now, which were dark blue pajama tops and light blue pajama bottoms with white flower designs on them. Allison closed her bedroom door behind her before turning off the light. Allison made her way towards her bed and crawled under the blankets. Jake slept on the floor at the right side of Allison's bed as he curled up in his dog nest. Jake had made it a habit to sleep beside Allison's bed at their old home to protect her if any strangers broke into their old home and tried to hurt his human friend. The wolf-dog let out a yawn before resting his head on his front paws. \"Goodnight Jake,\" said Allison as she let out a yawn of her own. \"See you in the morning.\" Jake let out a huff in his own way of saying goodnight. Allison smiled before she rested her head on her pillow and fell asleep. Dream world Allison didn't know where she was and the only thing that she saw around her was darkness, but that changed when a few bubbles would float by her vision every few seconds. ' Am I…underwater?' thought Allison curiously before she began to notice something different about her body. Allison couldn't place her finger on it, but she felt as if her body was more…powerful and graceful as she glided through the water. Allison became startled when she heard a high pitch clicking and squeaking sound echo around her. Allison was confused by the sounds that she was listening to. They were sounds that she had never heard before. ' Are these sounds coming from a sea creature?' thought Allison to herself again. Allison continued to listen to the clicks, squeaks and whistles for a while in fascination, but the sounds were quickly replaced with another sound…the sound of large engines. ' What's that?!' thought Allison in alarm. Allison didn't know why, but when she heard the sound of those engines echoing underwater it made her heart pick up speed within her chest. Allison felt a cold sense of fear grip at her very soul as the body that wasn't her own began to speed up through the water. ' W-what's going on?!' thought Allison fearfully. Allison's vision became a blur as she sped through the water almost at lighting speed. Allison felt her body doing twists and turns around objects that she couldn't see in the darkness of the water. Allison didn't know how long she had been swimming for, but her swimming was cut short when she felt something shot past her through the water. That was when she heard a large boom and her vision turned white. End dream scene Allison let out a gasp as she quickly shot up within her bed. She was slightly drenched in sweat as she panted for breath. Allison was a dazed for a second before she felt something gently lick her right hand. Allison looked down and saw Jake licking her with a look of worry in his eyes. Jake let out a little whimper before Allison gave him a comforting smile as she petted him gently on the head. \"I'm-I'm okay boy,\" said Allison in a reassuring voice. \"It was just a scary dream.\" Jake gave Allison a look that she could only guess said 'I don't really believe you'. Allison let out a soft giggle before she turned her gaze to the balcony windows. She saw that it was still dark outside before a yawn escaped from her mouth. \"I should try and get a little more sleep,\" voiced Allison as she crawled underneath her blankets again as she laid on her left side to face away from Jake. But just as she was about to close her eyes, Allison felt her bed dip a little when a new weight joined her on the bed. Allison turned over onto her right side with a smile to see that Jake had jumped onto her bed to sleep beside her for the rest of the night. Jake would sometimes jump onto Allison's bed back in their old home whenever Allison had a bad dream. When she did, Jake would cuddle up next to Allison and sleep with her throughout the rest of the night. Once the wolf-dog settled down beside his human companion, Allison draped her right arm over Jake's furry back. Allison pressed her face lightly against Jake's warm furry neck and soon fell asleep again as she began to forget about the terrible dream. Next morning Morning soon came as the sun slowly rose into the sky, while its light reflected off the rippling surface of the ocean. In Allison's new room, Jake was the first to wake up as the wolf-dog let out a long yawn. He lifted his head up before looking down to see Allison still asleep beside him. Jake let out a quiet huff before he began to nuzzle and lick Allison's face to wake her up to start the day. The action of his licking was effective as Allison began to giggle when she felt Jake's persistent licks and nuzzles. \"Okay, okay I'm up!\" exclaimed Allison with a laugh as she sat up in her bed. Allison giggled as she ruffled the fur on Jake's head and neck for a moment before she got out of her bed and began to gather her clothes that she would be wearing today. Once she had gathered her clothes, Allison made her way towards the bathroom, while Jake went downstairs to get his breakfast. A few minutes later, Allison was out of the bathroom in her day cloths as she headed downstairs towards the kitchen. She was wearing a blue short sleeved T-shirt, blue jeans and white socks. When Allison entered the kitchen, she saw her mother cooking up breakfast on the stove. \"Morning mom!\" greeted Allison with a smile on her face. \"Morning Allison,\" said Molly as she smiled back at her daughter. \"I'm making your favorite, blueberry pancakes.\" \"Sounds great,\" said Allison as she took a seat at the kitchen table. Allison turned her gaze over towards where Jake and Cleo were eating and saw the two canines munching away at their breakfast of kibbles without a care in the world. Allison smiled before she heard her mother placed a plate of her blueberry pancake on the table in front of her along with a glass of orange juice. \"Thanks mom,\" said Allison with a smile as she looked down at her breakfast. \"This looks so good.\" Molly smiled at her daughter before she took a seat at the kitchen table as well. Allison began to dig into her breakfast, but she only took a couple bites of her pancake before she noticed that she hadn't heard the footsteps of her father walking around the house. \"Where's dad?\" asked Allison as she looked up at her mother curiously. Molly's smile faded from her face a little as she let out a tired sigh before she answered her daughter's question. \"Your father left for work at around six O'clock this morning, Honey. He wanted to get an early start to begin working at his new job with the people who had hired him.\" \"Oh...\" said Allison with her voice holding a slight tone of disappointment in it. Molly gave her daughter a sad smile as she gently placed a hand on Allison's lower arm, which caused Allison to look up at her mother. \"Don't worry, your father will be home for supper tonight,\" said Molly as she comforted her daughter. \"But don't let his absence deter you in exploring the forest today. Just don't venture too far from home, alright?\" Allison gave her mother a smile and nodded her head before she began to dig into her pancake again, than quickly gulped downed her orange juice. Once she had finished her breakfast, Allison stood up from the table, gave her mother a kiss on the cheek and began to walk out of the kitchen. Jake and Cleo quickly followed after Allison once they had finished eating their breakfast. Once at the front door, Allison quickly slipped on her white and blue runners before opening the door and exiting out of the house with her canine companions following close behind her. Allison made her way to the garage and pulled out her blue/grey X4 mountain bike that she had bought back in her old hometown two days before she and her family had moved here to their new home. On the right handle of Allison's bike was her black bike helmet, which she removed by unclipping the clasp. Allison was about to place the bike helmet on her head when her mother quickly walked out of the front door with something in her left hand. \"Allison, wait!\" called Molly as she came to stand in front of her daughter. \"Don't forget to take your cellphone with you.\" Allison smiled sheepishly at her mother before taking her cellphone and tucking it into her left pocket and then put on her bike helmet. She then mounted her bike before looking back and gave her mother a goodbye wave. After she did, Allison began to pedal her bike down the path that led halfway down to the beach near the house. Jake and Cleo trotted after Allison as they stuck close to their girl's side. \"You be careful!\" shouted Molly. \"I will, mom!\" shouted Allison over her shoulder as she rode down the path before taking a right turn down an old bike trail. Jake and Cleo followed close behind Allison as the three companions disappeared into the thick underbrush of the forest. A large smile appeared on Allison's face as she rode her bike down the path of the bike trail with Cleo and Jake running alongside or ahead of her, while they let out happy barks of joy at finally stretching their legs. Allison let out a whoop of joy as her bike sped down a small hill before she came out into a large clearing that over looked a large beach. Allison stopped her bike in the middle of the path with Jake and Cleo stopping to stand on either side of her. There wasn't a single person on the beach, except for a man, who was sitting near the shore in a beach chair. The man had a fishing-poll, which sat in a holder that was attached to the beach chair. Allison heard the faint sound of music being played on the beach and she could only guess that the man in the beach chair brought a cordless radio with him to the beach. Allison leaned against the handle bars of her bike as she gazed out at the ocean that was spread out in front of her. Jake and Cleo continued to stand beside Allison as they also stared out at the ocean for a while, before Jake suddenly jerked his head up and began to sniff the air when he caught a strange scent on the wind. Cleo also lifted hear head up when her nose also caught a strange scent in the air. Allison quickly noticed Jake's and Cleo's odd behavior and became curious about it. \"Jake, Cleo, what's wrong?\" asked Allison. Jake's only reply was him quickly turning to the right and letting out a sharp bark before the wolf-dog took off at a sprint. Cleo quickly ran after Jake as she followed him down the path that led down to the beach. \"Jake, Cleo, come back here!\" shouted Allison before she began to pedal her bike down the path to chase after her two dog friends. Allison followed the two canines halfway down the bike path before pulling her bike to a stop. The reason for Allison stopping so suddenly was that she saw something that didn't belong on the beach. On the shore of the beach was a Killer Whale, but the whale's skin color was completely different from the pictures that Allison had seen in pictures and books. The whale's skin was completely white, almost like freshly fallen snow. Allison was a bit shocked at seeing a real live Killer Whale until she saw Jack and Cleo running up to the beached sea mammal. \"Jake, Cleo, no!\" shouted Allison. She quickly jumped off her bike, took of her helmet as she threw it to the ground and ran down the path to stop her two dogs from getting to close to the whale. Jake was the first one to the whale before he slowed down to a walk when he got closer to the sea mammal that had its eyes closed. Jake then came to a stop about two feet in front of the whale before letting out a soft whine. Jake's whine made the whale stir as it slowly opened its eyes to reveal dark brown orbs that held a lot of tiredness and pain within their depths. Cleo soon came up to Jake's side and let out a soft bark and the whale responded with a few clicks and whistles. Allison slowly down to a stop a few feet behind her two dogs as she gazed upon the size of the whale, and she had to admit that she was a little intimidated by how big the sea mammal really was up close. Allison quickly noticed that there were scratches and bruises on the whale's body from top to bottom. ' Whatever happened to this whale must have been really awful, ' thought Allison with a sad frown. Allison was about to take a step closer towards the Killer Whale, when she was stopped by an adult voice that shouted at her from her far right. \"Hey! What do you think you're doing?\" Allison paused in her steps as she turned to see the man that she had seen a few minutes ago. The man looked to be in his fifties with short peppered grey hair and beard, and grey blue eyes. The man was wearing a brown fishing cap, a black, red and white buttoned up shirt, a brown vest, brown pants and black shoes. The man was slightly chubby around the tummy, which jiggled a little bit as he came jogging up to Allison. Jake and Cleo quickly ran up to stand on either side of Allison with the wolf-dog tensing up at the sight of the stranger running up to them. Allison gently placed a hand on Jake's back before looking at the adult again as he stopped to stand in front of her. \"What did you think you were doing?\" chided the man with a frown. \"You don't go up to a wild animal and expect them to be friendly with you.\" \"B-but sir, this whale's hurt,\" said Allison. \"That doesn't matter!\" exclaimed the man before he let out a tired sigh before he dug into the right pocket of his vest and pulled out a cellphone. The man punched in a few numbers on his cellphone and raised it to his ear. After a few rings, the man began to talk to the other person on the phone. \"Yes, hello...I'm calling to report a beached whale that I found here on the shoreline,\" said the man. Jake let out a low growl as he bared his fangs at the man, but Allison quickly shushed him as she gently petted him on the head. Cleo also let out a growl, but it was much softer then Jake's growl. The man seemed to ignore the two dogs as he continued to talk with the person on his cellphone. Allison watched the man talk on his cellphone for a minute before her eyes caught sight of the fishing-poll, which was sitting in it holder still, as the tip started twitching to show that something was tugging on the fishing line. \"Uh...mister,\" spoke Allison as she pointed to his beach chair, \"your fishing-poll.\" The man looked at Allison in confusion and annoyance for a moment before he turned his gaze over towards his beach chair and let out a groan. \"You got to be kidding me.\" The man quickly started jogging back towards his beach chair, which was now in the water as whatever was on the other end of the fishing-poll had been strong enough pulled the chair off the beach. Allison watched the man run off for a moment before turning her attention back onto the beached whale again. The whale laid on the sandy shore of the beach with the lapping water splashing up against and around its sides. Then, without thinking on what she was doing, Allison slowly began to walk towards the beached whale. Jake and Cleo followed close behind as Allison slowly made her way towards the whale until she was standing right beside it. Allison was slightly startled when the whale let out a puff of air through its blowhole, but remained calm as she slowly reached out with her right hand. Allison's hand soon came in contact with the whale's skin as she gently stroked it and was surprised at what she was feeling. The whale's skin felt like wet silk or rubber under her fingers, but she also noticed how dry the whale's skin was getting. Allison frowned slightly in thought before she began scoop up some ocean water with her hands and started to gently splash it on the whale. The whale let out another puff of air through its blow hole again as it watched Allison with curiosity. Jake and Cleo watched their human owner splash sea water onto the whale, while letting out a few soft yips and growls in hopes of comforting the whale. Allison splashed a little more sea water onto the whale before stepping forward to gently pet the sea mammal. Allison took a closer look at the cuts and bruises that marred the surface of the whale's skin with a sad frown imprinted on her face. \"You poor thing,\" voiced Allison in a soft voice. \"What happened to you?\" The whale stared up at Allison with its one brown eye as it let out another puff of air in response to young girl's question. Allison sadly stared down at the whale as she gently petted the sea mammal for a moment before a young male voice spoke up. \"My human asked, what happened to you\" said the voice. Allison blinked in surprise at hearing the new voice and was about to turn to see who had spoken, when another voice spoke right next to her. This voice was a beautiful female voice that was gently and had a musical tone to it. \"A...an enemy of the ocean...attacked me,\" spoke the female voice weakly as if it took a great effort to do so. Allison turned her attention onto the whale that she was helping as her eyes widened slightly in shock. The whale's attention was focused on Jake as the wolf-dog moved a step closer before he stood in front of the beached sea mammal. Allison watched intently to see what her wolf-dog was going to do, but what she wasn't expecting was for Jake to open his mouth and start speaking like a human. \"What enemy are you talking about?\" asked Jake in that same young male voice that Allison heard a few seconds ago. That was when the whale spoke in the female voice. \"A mechanized human...\" answered the whale in a strained voice, \"he...attacked me when I wandered too far from my pod.\" Allison gasped as she took a step back in shock when she heard and seen the whale and her dog talking. Her sudden gasp caused Jake, Cleo and the whale to turn their gazes' on the young human. Allison stared wide eyed at the two mammals in front of her for a moment before she spoke in a trembling voice. \"D-d-did you j-just...talk?\" questioned Allison. After a few seconds, Jake responded with a bark, while the whale made a clicking noise. Allison stared at the two mammals in confusion as she raised her right hand to scratch the back of her head. ' What the heck? ' Suddenly, Allison heard the sound of another blow hole puffing a ten feet away from the shore. Allison quickly turned around to see another Killer Whale, but unlike the white Killer Whale this one was in the traditional black and white yet there was a big difference to the whale that appeared from out the water. The whale's dorsal fin was flipped downwards over its left side and Allison could only guess that the whale had once been in captivity. ' But...what's a captive Killer Whale doing out here in the wide open ocean?' thought Allison as she watch the black whale disappear back underneath the water. Allison was quickly brought out of her thoughts when she heard the sound of a motor boat coming towards her. Allison turned and saw a yellow inflated motor coming towards her with three people riding in it. She watched as the motor boat came closer and she could only hope that the people who are riding on the boat where friendly. To be continued And there you go. Stay tuned for the next chapter. White Hunter, howling out to you and creativity! ","Summary":" Free Willy: Legend of the White Orca Hey everyone, this will be my first \"Free Willy\" story. I do"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"NOVIA FALSA","Author":"meganekoveronica","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12279547","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tulip x Junior Dios ayuda, me enamoré SINCERAMENTE ESTO ES RARO PERO NO PUEDO SACARLO DE MI CABEZA NO SE ESCRIBIR PERO AHÍ VA :v Ya era tarde en la casa de Tulip, nuestra pelirroja aún trabajaba en la empresa de paquetería y entrega Cornerstore y por lo general llegaba tarde a diario. A pesar de ya vivir en casa de sus padres, Tulip se reusaba a dejar de trabajar en la ahora empresa de entrega de bebes, no es que necesitase el dinero realmente. Tulip era más aceptada en la nueva empresa, que debido a los nuevos paquetes de bebes, esta pudo mostrar al mundo sus invenciones y obteniendo una gran suma monetaria al vender las patentes de sus inventos, por lo que ahora cornerstore entregaba tanto bebes como maquinaria debido al trato de socios que tenían con Tulip. - Hey! Huerf… digo tulip!- dijo una cigüeña hembra mientras corría a entregarle un paquete de forro rosado a Tulip. - ¿puedes entregarlo al jefe personalmente? Hemos tenido un día agitado desde que salieron los nuevos productos de YoK.O. Corp., ya sabes, los nuevos comics y han estado saliendo a mil por hora. Ya no nos damos abasto con el personal. - - oki doki! – dijo Tulip mientras tomaba el pequeño paquete, no era muy grande ya que era del tamaño de un puño. ¿Quién le podría mandar algo tan femenino a Junior?- Si, Junior era el nuevo jefe después de la semejante aventura que tuvieron con la bebé pelirosado. Tulip iba corriendo a la oficina de su mejor amigo, luego de pasar días juntos, se dieron cuenta que compartían cosas en común y que no era muy difícil el entenderse mutuamente. -Junior, te llego este paquete, esta bien raro- decía mientras lo dejaba en el escritorio principal. El susodicho se encontraba con un saco formal color azul oscuro, pico reluciente… y totalmente alterado por el sobre explotamiento laboral que el mismo se sometía. – Woah, si te ves mal amigo.- -¿d-de que h-hablas Tulip? – decía intentando aparentar tranquilidad. – y d-dime, ¿que te trae hoy a mi oficina? Notando no haber sido escuchada con anterioridad, repitió con paciencia mostrándole el paquete – te llego esto – Junior tomo el paquete de sus manos e inmediatamente lo tiro a la basura - ¡pero que haces! ¿Acaso no lo vas a abrir? – decía Tulip mientras lo recogía de la basura. – Puede ser algo importante, deberías ver que es - La pobre cigüeña sudaba frío, no le podía decir que estaba pasando. -no es nada importante, de seguro es correo basura, déjalo – decía nervioso. -Claaaro, correo basura forrado de rosa con moño rojo, con una tarjeta que dice… para ¿mi amorcito?, hey junior nunca me dijiste que tenías una novia. – decía la pelirroja mientras se lo acercaba a junior. -No quería decírtelo pero desde que me convertí en jefe, muchas hembras me han estado acosando y sinceramente ya no se que hacer – decía mientras golpeaba su frente en el escritorio. – no quiero nada con ninguna de ellas.- - ¿y porque simplemente les dices que no quieres nada? – decía mientras se sentaba en el escritorio mientras acariciaba la espalda de la cigüeña en señal reconfortante. - ¿Crees que no lo he intentado?, al principio les enviaba una carta formal con el rechazo de sus sentimientos de una manera dulce y suave, pero no entendieron y peor ahora, cada día entran cartas de nuevas cigüeñas.- decía aun con la cara estampada en el escritorio. – Es más, mira todo esto – decía abriendo su gaveta del escritorio… repleto de cartas con corazones. – ¡no me dejan en paz! - ¿entonces que piensas hacer?, no es como que existiera un escudo contra todo esto señor jefe jefecito – decía mientras le sonreía En ese momento, todo se volvió claro, si tenía a alguien que evitara que las mujeres se acercaran a el, todo estaría mejor. -Tulip, dime, ¿tienes compromiso con algún muchacho humano?- decía mientras se inclinaba sobre su escritorio. - ¿Compromiso? , ¡quieres decir … un novio?- decía mientras se sonrojaba. – N-no ya vas, no tengo nada con nadie.- -¡PERFECTO! Tulip, ¿desde hoy pondrías fingir ser mi novia para que me dejen en paz? Di que siiii- decía Junior con ojos brillantes, no había manera que Tulip se negara. -supongo que si, claro sere tu novia falsa – decía con una sonrisa nerviosa -¡Gracias Tulip! Eres la mejor! – decía mientras la abrazaba, definitivamente esto sería muy raro.[Chapter 2] Al día siguiente en CornerStore las noticias de una nueva pareja de tortólos no se hizo esperar, esto gracias a paloma Toady. En la cafetería, el área de descanso de las cigüeñas, - Dimeeee bra, ¿ya escuchaste del nuevo romance del jefe? - decía nuestra paloma Toady, que por primera vez en su vida, esparcía rumores con permiso. - Esa huérfana lo tiene comiendo de su mano, te lo aseguro hermanooo, ¡lo vi con mis propios ojos! - decía mientras se estiraba los ojos de forma cómica. ****FLASHBACK**** Ya era de noche en la montaña Cigüeña, todos ya se habían retirado, todos excepto un par de siluetas que se encontraban en el techo de la fábrica de bebes. -Junior, ¿estas seguro de esto? - decía Tulip mientras se encontraba sentada junto a Junior. -Tranquila, aqui nadie puede vernos- decía mientras la rodeaba con su ala. - Solo estamos tu y yo mi amor - decía Junior con la cara roja. - Pero si se llegan a enterar... no se si podría vivir sin ti - decía Tulip mientras se acercaba al pico de este. Paloma Toady se encontraba pasando por una de las ventanillas de la planta baja cuando por la ventana noto dos figuras, y por mera curiosidad subió a ver que era. No se esperaba encontrar a su jefe con la huérfana en una posición comprometedora, ambos abrazados y a pocos centímetros uno de otro diciéndose palabras de amantes prohibidos. - No es posibleee - decía en voz baja escondido en las sombras. - Esto es chisme puro- decía mientras comenzaba a enviar mensajes y retirándose de la escena de los enamorados abrazándose. -¿ya se fue?- pregunto Tulip entreabriendo un ojo. -ya se fue, no me puedo creer que se la haya creído - decía Junior soltandose del abrazo. - ¡No puedo creer que funcionara!- - Te dije que Toady era el ideal para esparcir un rumor, y mejor cuando el mismo ha visto ¨nuestro romance¨- decía Tulip sonriendo Y así fue como empezó el rumor falso - No puede ser cierto, es que se les notaba ser amigos pero no TAN amigos- decía otra cigüeña mientras tomaba el café del descanso. - Pero bueno, Junior en verdad cambió desde que tiene más contacto con Tulip. - decía otro mientras devoraba su sandwich. -Pero si, se le ve más feliz, quien lo diría - - No se ustedes hermanos pero a mi no me sorprendería que un día de estos tengamos que llevar un bebe a la oficina del jefe- decía Toady mientras comenzaba a fantasear sobre ser tío y poder jugar con un bebe nuevo. Muchas de las hembras del lugar no lo tomaron tan bien como se esperaba, muchas rompieron en llanto y otras incluso planeaban amenazar a Tulip, pero se resistían ya que no podía arriesgarse a perder su empleo tan fácilmente. En la oficina de Junior - ¡No puedo creer que funcionara! - decía Junior mientras redactaba una carta de negocios al consejo de relaciones publicas - En verdad de debo una Tulip - - No es nada - decía tulip con una sonrisa mientras se sobaba el cuello - Solamente soportar miradas de odio por parte de tus admiradoras y haberme sentado en un par de chinchetas en el día,posiblemente puestas por ellas. Pero aparte de eso, todo ha sido fácil. - decía mientras se sentaba en una silla cerca del escritorio. - Sabes qué, ¡porque no salimos a celebrar!, yo invito - decía junior mientras se soltaba la corbata - ya sabes, después de todo, la mayoría creen que eres mi novia - dijo con una sonrisa nerviosa. Tulip asentio con emoción, hacia ya semanas que no tenían un descanso, ya que la producción de bebes aumento de sobremanera por lo que hasta ella tubo que unirse a la repartición de bebes por falta de personal. - Dame un momento, solo me cambio de ropa, no creo que sea apropiado salir llena de grasa de motores - decía mientras salía corriendo a su taller. Junior se quedo andado y en su propio mundo, tanto así que no se dio cuenta cuando paloma Toady entro a su oficina. -Jefe, en verdad te tiene comiendo de su mano - decía mientras le tomaba una foto para capturar el momento en que su jefe tenia cara de perdido. -¡TOADY! ¿DESDE HACE CUANTO ESTAS AQUI?- decía mientras se arreglaba la corbata. -Tranquilo Jefe, no es nada que yo no supiera antes, es totalmente normal. - decía Toady mientras enviaba la foto a todos sus contactos. - Solo arreglate la corbata, se nota mucho lo que hacías con tu noviecita.- decía mientras salía de la oficina, dejando a un Junior atontado por lo rápido que paso todo. -definitivamente sera una cita muuuy rara- decia Junior en sus adentros, sin notar que aun seguía sonriendo como bobo enamorado. esto por hoy, los amo :v[Chapter 3] p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"7b25ad66b75a9cf5d816aadcd58fc7af\"Junior ya estaba esperando a Tulip en su oficina, pero este estaba más nervioso que de costumbre. Si, había sido su idea el convencer a Tulip de ser su novia falsa, pero desde que Toady le había dicho aquello de su corbata, sentía un nudo en el pecho, era algo muy raro./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"0b9fae7253c0aef2951ee43ed4f4f447\"- Ya estoy lista- decía Tulip entrando a la oficia, traía un bonito vestido color verde acuamar, junto con una pulsera del mismo colór acompañado con un par de tenis blancos. - No es formal formal pero este vestido es de mis favoritos- /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"a377f3e0d687eebcc3d085fc3b6aa6cf\"-¡C-claro Tulip!- decía Miéntras salían de la oficina para ir al auto de Junior, cortesía de Tulip./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"478a2aee9f3d0bd9d8c7de5b53ab7748\"Desde que la montaña cigüeña se dedico a repartir paquetes y bebes, las instalaciones se habían ampliado con propósitos de una mejor calidad de control. Por lo que la montaña tubo mejoras que incluían un estacionamiento para las maquinas voladoras de Tulip./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"0e515cfc4679f1f47fd141f1ab30d717\"Esta había vendido las patentes de varios proyectos y con eso había comprado acciones de los mismos compradores. Es decir, era dueña de una parte de las ventas de sus inventos, por lo que les hacia descuentos en maquinaria y vehículos a la montaña. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"0c129a4c6a505b67a316e68193528048\"- y... ¿A donde iremos? - decía Tulip Miéntras se ponía el cinturón de seguridad de la nave. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"1827b7a31d4af8ce885b19e6dde12ab4\"El modelo del auto de Junior era similar al prototipo de tulip. Solo que era color azul oscuro y mucho mejor construido./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"efda02f7cc37b608ede39a814e082c95\"- pensaba que fuéramos al nuevo restaurante en la plaza de San Francisco- decía Junior con una sonrisa nerviosa./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"59bd75faeccef7ed71efb8a321a1a834\"-¿Junior estas bien?- decía Tulip al notar que Junior no estaba del todo bien. -¿Que te pasa? - /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"758202f62f11997d5ef863f12f951c7d\"Ya no pudiendo contener sus adentros le dijo - No es por ti ni nada, es solo que Paloma Toady llego antes a la oficina y me hizo una referencia de nuestra relación que me ha dejado pensando - decía Junior inmediatamente retractándose. - no se que me pasa -/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"bcc1ba2b2463adf00f8c49d2071cf8b4\"-Pero Junior esto es parte del plan, no te alteres. ¡Además que ya no tienes acosadoras y por fin podemos salir juntos otra vez! - decía Tulip miéntras lo abrazaba./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"b42b4f910aac602f77388dd20d4c2def\"Era cierto, no tenia que alterarse, pero sus hermosos ojos y su sonrisa no se lo hacían nada fácil. ¡tenia que aclararse! ¡Ella era su amiga, una humana y el una cigüeña!br style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\" /Nada más.../p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"9ef8dff9d2b8af7dcc5d23d355351f99\"-llegamos- dijo Junior en tono monótono. -/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"33617f12183d0114d3f175a9a916a6de\"El restaurante era uno muy formal al parecer, la mayoría de gente llevaba trajes finos y vestidos largos. Ellos por el contrario iban muy informales. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"35bcc5ef3219c9228e045ac966b4e549\"-buenas noches, mesa para dos- dijo Junior al camarero que inmediatamente les paso la vista a Junior y a Tulip - No creo que ustedes cumplan con el código de vestimenta, así que les ruego que se retiren- /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"bd85b3d4add60807a3706b0b43af1388\"-¿¡que!?- dijeron los dos al unísono. ¡Código de vestimenta mis tornillos! /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"39ed230d6f018be5ee1d3cab94063878\"- Disculpe pero exijo hablar con...- no alcanzo a hablar debido a que cierta paloma llamó su atención./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"774e0a2f3386433ea4a595742daf7321\"-braaah no sabia que le pedirias matrimonio tan pro to braaah - dijo cierta paloma estresante al lado de Junior./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"2d51c6f77d6f155b930da31a70b133c6\"-¡Toady! ¿que haces aquí?- dijo junior asustado./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"55f7891f348187caa3a233153954eeef\"-ya sabes broooh, toda la oficina se moría cuando les dije que te vi salir con la huérfana , así que me presionaron para seguirte y ver que era braaahhh- decía Toady - disculpe Mesero, deje entrar a la parejita de Tortolos, no todos los días el jefe de la montaña cigüeña y cornerstore le pide matrimonio a la accionista de MechDimCorp. - decía Toady al recepcionista mientras miraba su celular para liego mostrar la foto de junior en su día de ascenso a jefe./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"facfa50a663c13a14218e03893d8c10d\"Los ojos del mesero se ensancharon. Jefe y accionista eran cosas que traían fama y dinero al restaurante, lo que posiblemente le diera un ascenso o algo similar./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"25e43928503135e87dc8f3018de7e9fc\"-por aquí por favor- decía el recepcionista guiando a Tulip y Junior a una mesa./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"553ca4eae6af287729b6ac1d84be9fa1\"Al sentarse el ambiente se torno tenso. Ambos escucharon muy claro a paloma Toady y era algo incomodo./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"127e4a0deddd5bacb4a41111e0508f42\"-Entonceeeees, me vas a pedir matrimonio? - decia Tulip ríendose - ya no se que va a inventar Toady por un poco de atención - dijo mientras sonreía - Aunque no me molestaría ser la esposa del jefe - decía al esconder su rostro detrás del menú./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"99755a8edf208e519173dd901a6b4a2b\"Definitivamente esta sería una velada muy interesante/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"33aa5171834ed4bf8c3cd8af644a15cb\"°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°br style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\" /meganekoveronica/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"f6d03556bfe89cc38c75cb1ca003b2c1\"Comenten o algo mijos :v /p[Chapter 4] p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"5e11b7022bc0c2b9046e270d6511d387\"Ambos se encontraban cenando a gusto... En silencio. No era que Tulip y sus locuras lo incomodaban, mas bien lo contrario, lo hacían sentirse bien. Y eso no debería de ser posible./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"a505f78b0a3035f82ccf567e56e58b0f\"-Junior, que no te moleste Toady. Ya sabes como es el, además esto le dará peso al rumor y no creo que te vuelvan a molestar ya que \"me pediste matrimonio\"- decía Tulip mientras le daba un golpecito como amigos./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"a4c72d1cfb71c7ee63220d5a012d9a16\"- Si yo se, se podría decir que soy cigüeña casada y ya nadie va a intentar algo conmigo. - decía mientras jugaba con su comida. Sin notar que llevaba una sonrisa tonta./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"627f3e598fb1b69faef14a52235465d6\"-¡ves! Esto nos beneficia a los dos. Si con ser tu novia se me abrieron mas campos en las inversiones, con ser tu esposa solo Dios sabrá que ofertas tendré. - decía mientras reía - además que también te beneficio a ti, aparte de ya no tener acosadoras, te han estado enviando ofertas de expansión debido a que siempre sugiero al gran Junior para prácticamente cualquier negocio. - decía Tulip./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"bc96d0fa304f66f9062d4c227d556003\"Era cierto. Desde que Tulip logro un puesto alto en el mundo de las inversiones, no debía de trabajar nunca más. Pero esta adoraba la entrega de bebes, por lo que seguía con un puesto modesto en style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\" /Igualmente los contratos de expansiones y mejor rentabilidad empezaron a llegar a Junior ya que gracias a influencia de Tulip en en mercado extranjero, se tenían mejores demandas y ofertas que beneficiaban a todos./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"baf80f6752bb65a597a93a62f7e2737e\"- Es cierto, desde que comenzamos a ser amigos y luego \"novios\" las cosas han mejorado para ambos - decía con cara sorprendida mientras analizaba lo sucedido. - Entonces no veo el porque no casarme contigo- decía Junior sin medir sus palabras. -emm la cuenta mesero!- /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"aa5900669609720b2d8b4ea51e0f0969\"- Entonces daría lo mejor para ser una buena esposa - decía Tulip mientras Junior pagaba la cuenta. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"c0ee3ae5866b5e5dbecd999259b18fc4\"Al salir del restaurante, decidieron caminar un poco por la ciudad de noche. Las vitrinas y tiendas aun encendidas por el alto nivel de consumismo de la sociedad./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"e35bbff449ce274e08a9297f46c53b36\"-desde que eres mi mejor amigo, todo ha mejorado - decía la pelirroja tomando el ala de su compañero. -no se que hubiera pasado si no te hubiese conocido- /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"0d6532b00d7e2af9f3611f7fc682589d\"Tulip siempre había sido un amor con todo el mundo. Los accidentes que tenían eran causados por errores, pero errores intentando mejorar la vida de otros. Ella siempre pensaba en los demás y no en ella. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"6a8b6c58a95bd43aa1b354306a3518f7\"-¡vamos allá! - decía Tulip arrastrando a Junior mientras se acercaban a una maquinita expendedora de juguetes. - Siempre adore estas cosas - decía al meter dos monedas en la maquina y obteniendo dos huevos sorpresa./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"fee6f039420469bcca85c5eb63b84c1e\"-¿No estas muy grande para esas cosas? -decía Junior al ver como Tulip se emocionaba con juguetes de niños./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"b07fabb184c1e7ae507513f35152b90c\"- Tengo solo 18 recién cumplidos, no esperes que mágicamente me convierta en un adulto 100%, ni tampoco que deje cosas infantiles que aún disfruto- decía mientras abría el primer huevo./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"63b01c944d5aa4dbdd613910cb6f3bdc\"En este huevo color dorado con puntos rosas se encontraban gomitas de oso. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"90d988095b4d294d866691425c978361\"-estos son muy dulces. Prueba uno - decía Tulip. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"772b16203e30beb3b322d6a35d6f6685\"Junior lo tomo sin protestar, era cierto. Algunas cosas de niños aun le gustaban y no era malo el seguir disfrutando de ellas. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"7188759969fc67afe9242e6a82fa0d8a\"- ¡vamos habré el otro! - dijo Junior mientras sonreía. No se iba a privar de los pequeños placeres de la vida. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"ea56034f3940ae033a01ecedcc01e884\"Al abrir el segundo huevo color celeste y morado, se encontraban un par de anillos con un zafiro y un rubí de dulce. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"0622669ab5437bb978e8473d2199ddec\"Tulip le dio uno de los anillos a Junior y le dijo - entonces con este anillo, te tomó como esposo - poniéndole en anillo para luego darle un beso en la mejilla riéndose./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"178d67abc02a8c6086f5df35dd8bd334\"Junior se sonrojo e hizo lo mismo con Tulip, solo que se puso en una rodilla y tomo su mano. - Entonces yo igual te pido, se mi esposa - Miéntras deslizaba el anillo azul en la mano./p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"e3c4721873ed532afe640bf11b10a951\"Ambos rieron despreocupadamente sin saber que alguien en las sombras había gravado todo y enviado a los empleados de CornerStore. /p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"47c6b15aca93873f58522f26300d181d\"********/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"69c46319439e48b12d1ba8c9b4290e47\"Voy a dibujarlos. Revisen mi pagbr style=\"box-sizing: border-box;\" meganekoveronica/p p style=\"box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 24px; font-size: 18px; font-family: 'Source Sans Pro', 'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; line-height: 24px; padding: 0px; color: #555555;\" data-p-id=\"a11e8468bb9aa5bffe7c6a0bf3fc2e6b\"Los hamo :v/p ","Summary":" Tulip x Junior Dios ayuda, me enamoré SINCERAMENTE ESTO ES RARO PERO NO PUEDO SACARLO DE MI CABEZA "},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"That 90s Show: The Misadventure Home (Freeing Willy 2)","Author":"Wexamillion Major","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12772130","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Greetings, Brotha! My name is Wex Major. The narrator for this classic episode of That 90s Show. I don't own a damn thing except this fanfic that was made a long time ago, but never got the chance to show its colors until now. And to take note, That 90s Show's premises takes place around when, the 1990s. When I was at the top of my game. When Homer Simpson, Lenford Leonard, Carlton Carlson, Morris Syzslak (who didn't have an ugly face back then due to plastic surgery), Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman, Kenneth McCormick, Jonas Zebeth, Lucien Sanchez & Thornton Reed were a part of a band of jolly friends named: The Here & Now Gang. Tonight's episode will only feature me and Homer in this gang, as we head over to a vacation of a lifetime: Lawson Reef, San Juan Islands, Washington State (nearby Seacouver). And in this episode, you'll also get a glimpse or two of in-the-fanfic interviews with myself, the Here and Now Gang, and interviews with special guests like Randolph Johnson, Nadine Johnson (Randolph's Goddaughter), Cammy Horrocks, Ford McGregor, CEO of Benbrook Oil John Milner, Dwight Mercer, Bill Wilcox, amongst others. So hombre, sit back and be amazed by pure 90s nostalgia that this episode of That 90s Show has to offer. Now you're probably grabbing out your Tuna Melts from the oven and a glass of Gin & Tonic from the fridge. Most of all... Bon Voyage![Chapter 2] [Begin Intro Sequence] I am Wex Major, entrepreneurial superstar, dream weaver, visionary, plus actor. You're about enter a world of pure '90s nostalgia... You are watching...THAT '90S SHOW! [An instrumental version of Geto Boys' \"Six Feet Deep\" plays] [adult swim] presents A Wex Major Production In Association with FanFiction Box Office That '90s Show [Wex fights against an old Class D-12 Klingon Bird-of-Prey aboard the Enterprise-D ] Starring Joe Bost as Wex Major [Homer \"rocks it out\" as the Front Man of SADGASM] Dan Castellaneta as Homer Simpson [Lenny chows down on a Heart of Targ hot dish] Harry Shearer as Lenford \"Lenny\" Leonard [Moe and Carl are \"downing\" a couple of beers] Hank Azaria as Carlton \"Carl\" Carlson/Morris \"Moe\" Syzslak [Stan and Cartman try to chow down on Cheesy Poofs] Trey Parker as Stanley \"Stan\" Marsh/Eric \"Cartman\" Theodore [Kyle and Kenny fend off against Dr. Tolian Soran on the Armagosa Observatory] Matt Stone as Kyle Broflovski/Kenneth \"Kenny\" McCormick [Jonas Zebeth pilots a Federation shuttlecraft into an ion storm like a fighter pilot] Garth Marenghi as Jonas Geemer Zebeth [Sanch blows through a Vortex blockcade on the planet Cassandra III in the Romulan Neutral Zone] Todd Rivers as Z. Lucien Sanchez [Reed tries to convince a caller to tell him that he don't run a massage parlor] Dean Learner as G. Thornton Reed [All of the Here & Now Gang gather for a photo shot] Created, Produced & Directed by Joe Bost [Music ends. End Intro Sequence] Wex Major's Personal Log Stardate 19956.01 I'm aboard the U.S.S. Defiant to safeguard the ship's cloaking device supplied by the Romluans. So far, my paychecks for this gig after both the destruction of the Enterprise-D , and the dismantlement of the grunge trailblazer SADGASM had yielded no \"true success!\" But, on a much lighter note, our first President of the Here & Now Fan Club, Launchpad McQuack, was fired after his yet another FAA Flight Plan Violation nearby Duckberg! He crashed his plane nearby Duckberg Bay and had to pay a fine of $370,000 and served at least a 90-day probation! At least the poor bastard had what was coming to him! But, for now, I'm heading back to my quarters to chat with Homer... But something oddly feels different...but what? I don't have the foggiest idea! So, folks, here we are, aboard the Defiant , heading back to my quarters after a friggin' long-ass day of safeguarding a cloaking device that even the Borg won't ever dare to steal, RIGHT ?! My name is Wexamillion Major. And for the supermajority of this FanFic Episode, I shall be your guide and your Beloved Host of That 90s Show's FanFic Ceremonies! The backstory of how I got to the Defiant is that after the dismantling of SADGASM, Launchpad McQuack booked me a \"Community Service Gig\" aboard Defiant for awhile until something else came up. But as I was en route to my quarters, I bump into Jake Sisko, Captain Ben Sisko's son: Lieutenant Commander Wex Major [bumps into Jake by accident]: Whoa! Damn, Bro, you OK? Jake Sisko [apologetic and shit]: Oh, Wex, man, I'm doin' fine! I- got ya a little something that might catch your attention with great interests. Wex: Like what? Jake: Two words [hands him a PADD]: Randolph. Johnson. Wex [excited as all get-the-hell out after reading the PADD]: RANDOLPH! THE HAIDA WIZ?! HOW IS HE?! Jake [excited like Wex is]: HE'S DOIN' AWESOME, MAN! As a matter of fact, he's inviting you, and one of your Here & Now Buddies to a \"R & R vaycay of a lifetime\" at the Lawson Reef Forever Young Campgrounds on Earth's San Juan Islands National Wildlife Refuge, just due north of Seacouver, Washington State. Wex: So what's the catch? Jake: The catch is: you'll be seeing an \"old friend,\" along with his \"family, \" hint-hint. \" Wex [a massive realization]: Oh, my Holy God, it's...IT'S WILLY! [he starts running and laughing through the halls and corridors like some queer pansy...well, maybe not exactly like that...but pretty damn close as he then reaches to his quarters with Homer] WILLY'S BACK, HOMER! Homer Simpson [puzzled, obviously]: Wha- wha'cha mean that Willy's back? Wex [calms down]: OK, Bud, just hear me out, OK? I'd just bumped into Jake this afternoon and was offered an R & R vaycay of a lifetime at Lawson Reef! Homer: The San Juan Islands, north of Seacouver, Washington State? Wex: Damn skippy! As a matter of fact, Randolph's back as well, he's gonna lead us to Willy's location. And judging by what the PADD read, Willy's brought his whole family as well! And that's not the Best Part...the Big Tamale is...You, Homer, are invited for this \"private excursion!\" Homer: WHOO! A KICK-ASS EXCURSION! So now, we take a shuttlepod to Lawson Reef, and we just caught the tail-end of listening to \"R.E.M.'s Bang and Blame\" on Seacouver's WSCX Rock Station. Now we land on the landing pad of Lawson Reef's Port Authority. Thus, begins this \"R & R of a lifetime!\" This excursion that unfolds known as: FREEING WILLY 2: THE MISADVENTURE HOME[Chapter 3] Wex: You know, I'd thought I'd never see either Randolph, or Willy ever again, but at that moment, I knew this \"Misadventure R & R\" would change my life, forever ! Homer Simpson: Although I was as excited as he was when Wex heard about his old friends from North West Adventure Park in the Urban Playgrounds when he set that whale free, but I had to deal with not seeing Bart (whose my only flesh & blood) and Lisa and my wife at the time, Marge. And on top of that, I was secretly keeping in contact with my 'actual' True Love, Topanga Deschanel-Ziff! But after I recovered from taking too many insulin injections caused by drinking too many Frappucinos after SADGASM was dismantled, I felt that this vacay would be the best that I, Wex, Randolph & Willy will always cherish forever and ever... Lenford Leonard: Me and the rest of the Here & Now Gang were away for awhile on a resume interview prospect trying to find a replacement for our first Fan Club President, Launchpad McQuack after he crashed his freaking plane nearby Duckberg Tower. Carlton Carlson: Yeah, I believe that the jackass has ever since some time before he worked for us until Stardate 19956.01, he had shitloads, and we do mean SHITLOADS of FAA Flight Plan Violations against him! Stanley Marsh [chuckles a little]: Yeah, he was a goofy quack as all get-the-hell-out, don'cha know? [The 3 guys share some laughs] Eric Theodore Cartman: We're talking about the Cheesy Poofs that I stole from a vending machine at that Darkplace 7/11, right? Kyle Broflovski: I took Kenny to Darkplace Hospital to nurse him up after suffering a near-death experience from a Post-Traumatic Experience when he fought against El-Aurian asshole Tolian Soran! So, while the rest of the Here & Now Gang was off looking for our next Fan Club President, I was anxious to see my old friends again! But there would be a corner to turn as soon as the Shuttlepod landed at Lawson Reef that not only changed my life, but something, or actually, someone , got interesting: Wex [Boarded off the Shuttlepod, excited as all get-the-hell-out to see Randolph]: RANDOLPH, BRO! WHUZZ UP! Randolph Johnson [Excited too]: WEX! I'M GLAD TO SEE YA HERE! [The two buddies share a hug] So, wha'cha been up to for the past two years? Wex: Oh, let me see, uh, I'm still working for Starfleet. But the Enterprise-D crashed on the surface of Veridian III after fighting a friggin' 20-year-old Klingon Class D-12 Bird of Prey a few months ago, but don't fret, I work aboard the experimental U.S.S. Defiant and safeguard a cloaking device supplied to us by the Romulans. ISN'T THAT AWESOME OR WHAT? Randolph: That's great! After I quit that Adventure Park, I started my own subsidiary of Earth Island Institute's international moratorium, named the Natsaclane Orca Commission for Preservation. Wex: Nice to hear, Bud! Randolph: So, Homer, we meet again! How goes it, friend? Homer: Never been better! Randolph: I heard something on the news that Launchpad McQuack is no longer your guys' Fan Club President. Is that true? Wex: Unfortunately, yeah. You know, Randolph, that lousy bastard has had so damn many FAA Flight Plan Violations against him so bad that he nearly served prison time! Randolph: Well, sucks ass for him, doesn't it? You remember me saying that something, or someone , would change my life forever? Well, after finishing the conversation with Randolph, I caught glimpse of who I believed to be a fiery redheaded goddess, who was curious 'bout me too: Nadine Johnson [glares at Wex for a moment]: Hey, Uncle Randolph? Who's that handsome devil over there, one of your friends? Randolph: Yeah. Something like that. Wex [has a interesting stare as well]: Hey, Randolph, aren'cha gonna introduce me to- - Randolph: Nope. So I was looking at her while from a ferry boat somewhere, the song \"Come On Down to My Boat\" by Every Mother's Son was playing. But then Randolph yanked me away from her to board onto his marine biology vessel the Natsaclane to locate the current whereabouts of Willy and his family, known at the time, was called J-Pod. ","Summary":" Greetings, Brotha! My name is Wex Major. The narrator for this classic episode of That 90s Show. I "},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"Looking Back","Author":"Hikari-Miko","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2742597","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Dean, Andy, Andi, or anyone else. I just got this idea from watching the movie. I'm not sure how good it is... I hope you'll let me know! When 'Andy' hugged me, I was gone. That's when I fell in love, you see. But, I had to keep up appearences. And it's not like I didn't like Farron, I just liked 'Andy' a whole lot more. As time progressed, Farron became less and less important, and 'Andy' became everything. And then, when 'he' won, I was so proud. It was wrong, I mean, I thought she was a guy! But then...then that jerk outed her as a woman. Needless to say, I was shocked. I had to leave her sight. Come on, who wouldn't have needed to think about things in my position! I was in love with someone I thought was a guy, and she was my best friend! So, I walked off. I grabbed my bike and went to the spot where 'Andy' and I had taken that swim so long ago. A few days passed, and I realized that it didn't matter whether Andi was 'Andy' or 'Andi'. I loved her, even though she masqueraded as a boy. In fact, if she hadn't, I never would have met her, or gotten to know her. So I applied to work with her. Now, I'm sitting here, thinking about all of that. It's been four years, and Andi and I are getting married tomorrow. We're gonna be so happy together, I just know it. Andi and I, we'll be one of those couples who don't divorce. We'll be together forever. And I can't wait. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Dean, Andy, Andi, or anyone else. I just got this idea from watching the mo"},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"Motocrossed The Ending","Author":"Atellix","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1287742","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: What, you didn't know that I owned Disney and their Disney Channel movie \"Motocrossed\"? Ha ha ha... then you're right. I don't. A/N: This is my idea of how the ending should have gone. I hate it when they just end a movie, don't you? It's like saying \"Hey, we're all out of money! Guess we'll have to end it here!\" Anyway, read and review please! The entire ride, all I could think about was how close she was to me. How much we were alike. How my entire life had been turned around by one girl who I never thought could possibly exist. One girl who knew everything there was to me. A girl who loved the same things I loved, whose laugh I had just grown to love. We parked the bikes and dropped our helmets on the handles. Sweaty, mud-ridden or not, she was still smiling. Still beaming and brimming with energy. She smiled at me and turned to walk away. For an instant, my heart sunk. That was it. Time's up. Thanks for coming out. But I couldn't let it end at that. I might never get another chance to tell her... to show her how I feel about her. I watched her as she walked up the concrete steps near her pool. I wished it could have been longer than twelve laps. She kicked my ass, of course, but I had let her. I could have rode on that bike forever, into the setting sun like a cowboy on a horse with his lady by his side. Except that she wasn't my lady. Not yet. I had to tell her. She turned to look at me, stopping a few steps up. I felt my breath catch in my throat. The sun hit her hair in the perfect way, complimenting her beautiful complexion and helping to brighten her eyes even more. She smiled at me. \"What?\" she asked. I took a few steps forward, trembling. I slowly grabbed her around the waist and gently spun her around until her feet touched the ground on the same level as me. She tensed for a second, then eased into my arms. There I stood, with my arms around the most incredible, stubborn, beautiful girl I had ever known, without a single thing to say. I suddenly panicked. What was I doing? Just because I liked her, maybe even loved her...I couldn't assume she felt the same. I shrugged and dropped my arms. \"Nothin',\" I replied. Stupid idiot. I could see in her eyes she was disappointed. She began to walk back up the stairs again, but I caught her hand. She came back down the step, moving closer towards me. \"Do you remember now?\" she asked gently. A light breeze came up and caught a piece of her hair, letting it gently graze the side of her face, coming to rest on her cheek. God, she was beautiful. I couldn't help but grin at her. I brushed the piece of hair behind her ear, allowing my hand to linger there for a moment. \"I never forgot,\" I said. I gently slid my hand behind her neck, pulling her lips to mine. I thought I was going to pass out from the suspense of her reaction. Suddenly, I felt her hand slide around the back of my head, her fingers playing in my hair. I smiled as I kissed her. I had been waiting so long for this moment. Thank God it was only twelve laps. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: What, you didn't know that I owned Disney and their Disney Channel movie \"Motocrossed"},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"MotoX: Andy Carson's POV","Author":"RedneckChickyinSoBo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/777644","Passage":"[Chapter 1] ***I'm sitting here watching the Disney movie MOTOCROSSED and feltnmotivated to write a story from Andy's POV. Hope ya'll like it. Give me anreview.*** \"I'll be out for how long?\" This could not be happening, not this close tonthe prelims. I looked at Dad, his eyes had a glazed over look. \"For six to eight weeks. Even after that, you'll need to take it easy:nrest, physical therapy, wear a knee brace…etc.\" I shook my head. \"You can't be serious!\" Mom hushed me. \"Quiet Andy, you can't listen with your mouth.\" I sighed and slumped mynshoulders. \"On the contray, I'm very serious Andrew.\" He looked at me over hisnglasses. \"If you don't follow these orders, I'll be seeing you very soon,nin the operating room.\" Mom nodded. \"Aiight, I gotcha. Dang that's not kosher.\" Dad glared at me, but saidnnothing. For him that meant he was highly pissed off. It was only anmatter of time til he lost it. I was hoping we'd be on our way home bynthat time. Dr. Jameson stood up. \"Well, I think that about covers it. Take it easy, take the medication fornthe pain as needed, and I'll see you in three weeks for a checkup.\" Innodded and slid off the examining table, putting all my weight on myncrutches. \"Sure thing Doc. Will do.\" I looked at Mom. \"Can we go now, hospitals givenme the creeps.\" I said in a low tone. Yea, I could run out front with thenbest of them in a race and not pop a sweat, but walk into a hospital and Inwent scared. Mom nodded. \"Thank you Doctor. I'll be sure Andy takes it easy.\" She looked at me.n\"Very easy.\" She shook his hand and Dad did the same, still silent. \"Nownlet's get out to the waiting room your sister and brother are waiting.\" Inhobbled my crippled rear end down the hallway. Dad sighed, the only soundnhe had made since him and Mom showed up at the hospital. I still couldn'tnbelieve it had happened. And of all times for it to happen. The thing isnat the time it seemed like an alright idea. \"Come on Andy!\" My twin sister Andrea said from the kitchen. \"Why not? Younscared you'd be shown up by a girl?\" I shook my head. \"Naw, I'm scared I'll be shown up by a chick!\" I heard her drop her bowlninto the sink. \"What did you just call me?\" I laughed. \"You heard me!\" I buried my head into my magazine. I heard her footsteps.nShe jumped onto me. \"Take it back!\" She seemed thoroughly pissed off. I shrugged. \"What?\" I acted like I couldn't hear her. \"What did you say? I'm the bettern125 driver? Huh?\" She laughed, but tried to cover it up. \"Hell no Andy. You know if I wasn't a girl I'd have your ride.\" Inshrugged, pushed her off the couch and buried my head once again in mynmagazine. \"I'm yet to see it. Sorry.\" She sulked for a little while, for a moment Inthought she had forgotten, that or given up hope of convincing me to race.nBut suddenly she jumped up. \"Come on Andy, I'll do your chores for a week if you just race with me.nBecause I know you won't beat me. I don't care.\" I shrugged. \"That's cool, you would of ended up doing them anyway. I'm gonna smokenyou.\" Just then Jason, our 10 year-old brother walked in. \"Y'all are going to race? Dad said not to while he wasn't here.\" Andreanshot him a glare. \"Dad's not going to know, is he Jason?\" Jason didn't seem sold on the idea. \"Listen J, I'll let you tinker with my bike, just keep your mouth shut.\" Hennodded. \"I don't know a thing.\" ~~I'll update this later. Let me know what you think. ","Summary":" ***I'm sitting here watching the Disney movie MOTOCROSSED and feltnmotivated to write a story from "},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"Sequel to Motocrossed","Author":"Andi Talon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/501072","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author: Andi Talon (Andi & Dean 4-ever!) Story Title: Sequel to Motocrossed Rating: PG-for romance later on. Disclaimer: I don't own anything...I wish I had Dean to myself...Anywho Disney owns the movie and the rights to the movie and I'm not making any money off this so don't sue me. A/N: Hello! I recently saw Motocrossed on the Disney Channel and was left hanging at the end of the movie when I couldn't tell who won the race for Dean to be the new 250 rider. So, I decided to write my own ending-with that and what happens between Andi & Dean. It's not very good and I don't have all of it written so I will be posting what I have when I have it.....Just to let you know there won't be any really long chapters. PS.....Does anybody else think that Riley Smith, the guy who plays Dean, is totally Hot?? PPS....Sorry- But I just wanted to tell you: go see \"Not another teen movie\"..it's got Riley Smith in it! YAY!! Sequel to \"Motocrossed\" Dean Talon sat at the Carson dinner table, quietly chewing on his dinner. Andrea sat on his left, Andrew on his right. Dean had been invited to dinner at the Carsons' house after he had become the new 250 motocross rider for Carson Racing. He was trying quite hard to make polite conversation, but ever since he had been talking to Andi (not that he knew at the time, of course) and basically told her he wanted to go out with her, he was having trouble speaking in sentences around her. It didn't help in the least that every few minutes her arm would graze his and he would snatch it away quickly, blushing madly. Andrea didn't know what to think. She figured since Dean wanted to \"get hooked up with her\", that he liked her, and she still liked him. But she didn't want to ask him out or anything; that's his job. She thought that if he liked her then he would ask her out, eventually. After dinner, they sat around the table talking for a while, when Dean suddenly stood up. \"Thank you for dinner, Mr. and Mrs. Carson. I've got to be getting home now, but I will see you all in the morning for practice,\" He pushed his chair under the table. Andi immediately stood up to show Dean to the door. She led him to the front foyer and handed him his jacket. Then they both stepped outside. \"Thanks again for inviting me to dinner,\" Dean said. \"You're welcome here anytime-you're part of our team now,\" she paused, \"Oh-we should have your Carson jacket tomorrow,\" \"Cool,\" *Silence* \"Hey, Andrea?\" \"Hmmmm?\" \"Do you remember before the final race in the championships when we were talking, and I still thought you were Andrew?\" Dean started to turn pink. \"Yes...,\" \"well, um, you know when I um....said, 'you think you could hook me up with your sister' and you said, 'she's really picky'?\" Now Dean was a shade of bright red. \"Yes, I remember,\" Andrea started to grin. \"Well......when you said that did you mean that you wouldn't consider ever....going out with me?\" Dean said the last part of the sentence rather quickly and then became interested in his shoes. Andi's grin got wider as she replayed his words in he head. 'He is trying to ask me out!!' she thought, jumping around for joy inside. \"Dean?\" \"Yea?\" \"I'm not that picky....,\" Dean looked up into her eyes. \"Does that mean......that......,\" He struggled to find his courage. \"Andrea, will you go out with me?\" Andi smiled brightly. \"Of course!!\" and then hugged him tightly. Dean was surprised by this action but hugged her back anyways. They pulled apart and a few moments later Dean looked at his watch. \"I've really got to get home-but I'll see you tomorrow for practice?\" She smiled. \"Bright and early!\" \"See you then, Andrea,\" He said, the turned and walked off the porch. \"Hey-Dean?\" He stopped in his tracks and turned. \"Yeah?\" \"You can still call me Andi,\" He laughed, \"Oh-ok then,\" \"See ya tomorrow,\" \"Bye!\" \"Bye-\" Dean walked slowly to his car (Yes he can drive- in the story he's 16 and Andi is 15. In real life he's 19, I know) and climbed in. He waved as he backed out of the driveway and drove out of sight. Andi grinned happily and opened the front door, walking in and running to her room upstairs, hearing the door slam behind her. When she got in her room, she plopped down on her bed and stared at the ceiling while she thought. \"I can't believe this!! This is sooo awesome!\" \"What's awesome?\" Andi loked up towards her door. Andrew. She turned pink and muttered,\"Nothing\" to him. Andrew stepped in her room. \"You seem way to excitied for it to be nothing,\" He siad as he sat down at her desk. \"Seriously-it's noth.....\" She paused, \"Never mind, you'll find out anyways-well see, um\" Andrew raised an eyebrow, \"What is it?\" Andi breathed deeply. \"Dean asked me out. And I said yes,\" The expression in Andrew's face didn't change as he spoke. \"Oh. I thought it would be something I didn't know,\" He stood up and walked to the door to leave. Andi stood up after him. \"What? You knew?? How!?\" She exclaimed \"Duh-Dean told me he was going to after he asked dad if it was OK,\" \"WHAT!?!\" Andi yelled :It's not for dad to decide!! Do mom and Jason know as well?!\" She added angrily. \"Um- I think I'm gonna leave before you start throwing things-but just be happy-Dean didn't mean any harm,\" Andrew then darted out the bedroom door. \"Ahhhh!!!\" Andi yelled, slamming the door behind him. \"Why is my personal life everybody elses' business!?\" She said to herself. Then there was a knock on her door. She walked over and opened it. Mrs. Carson came in. \"What's all this yelling and slaming of doors about?\" She said quietly. Andi crossed her arms over her chest and spoke. \"I was so hapy because Dean finally aksed me out- and then Andrew tells me you all knew and that Dean asked dad for his permission to ask me out! I can make my own descisions!!\" Her mother dat down on her bed and patted thespot next to her, motioning for Andi to come sit next to her. \"Andrea, honey, listen. Dean asked your father for permission for two reasons: he wanted to make sure it wasn't a problem if he did go out with you, and to stay on your father's good side- and he is on is good side becuase he is respectful, nice, and overall just a good guy,\" \"I still don't see how it is for dad to decide. I mean, what if dad had said no?\" Her mother sighed, \"Then I would have said someting and your father would have just had to deal with it. You better get to bed-practice in the morning with Andrew and Dean,\" \"Thanks, mom,\" \"You're welcome,\" \"Ok-see you in the morning then!\" Andi smiled and shut the door behind her mom. She slid under the covers and fell asleep with thoughts of Dean in her mind. ","Summary":" Author: Andi Talon (Andi & Dean 4-ever!) Story Title: Sequel to Motocrossed Rating: PG-for romance "},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"Blackfish Saga Twin Tides","Author":"Evil Bunnies Inc","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7234069","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: inspired by the movies and cartoon by Warner Bros. Summary: Jesse, Nadine and the twins Taylor and Tyler go to the San Juan Islands to visit Jesse's parents for the summer. But not everything is as it seems, cases of sick marine life is growing. What could be causing it? Pollution? Disease? Global Warming? or something else. New Friends, new adventures and and old enemy returns . Warning: Cheesy plot line Enjoy! Blackfish Saga - Twin Tides Prologue The sky gracefully changed from the azure blue of day to the warm orange of sunset. The glow of the sun glinted over the smooth calm surface of the sea as it made its slow decent below the horizon. Forests lining the many islands were silhouetted in the fading light. shallow waves lapping at the rocks and sandy shores. Sea birds casually glided on the cooling air currents as they head to their roosts for the night. Clouds, dark in shadow with edges glowing brightly, drift slowly by along a journey to places unknown. The growing quiet of twilight was broken by a sound, short, distinct. Fwoosh. One by one spouts of mist expel into the air as the large black and white forms of a resident pod of orca surface for air. Iconic dorsal fins cut through the calm water like knives. The pod dove and surfaced, calves leaping over the wake created by their mothers larger body. Juveniles leaping straight out of the water and crashing back into the waves with large splash. The sea was a cacophony of sound as clicks, whistles and squeaks could be hear as the pod communicated with each other. Fwoosh. Slowly the spouts became less and less frequent as the last of the dorsal fins disappear below the waves leaving the sea once again silent. The sun slipped below the horizon casting the shadow of night. Stars appearing in the deep dark blue of the sky, twinkling and sparkling like diamond dust. A soft wind blew caressing over the sea and around the trees. The screech of an owl somewhere in the trees announce that it was now time for the nocturnal beings to begin their hunt for food. In the distance a mournful call of a whale bid farewell to the day and welcomes the night. ~oOo~ From the silent depths of the ocean, hidden in the darkness of night, a low mechanical rumble was the only thing to give away the large near silent object as it emerged from the shadows. The dark form of the submarine glided through the sea seemingly innocent as it went on it is way. Standing at the control of the sub stood a figure shadowed in the low light, mechanical left arm flexed and right eye glowing red. \"Hahahahahahahahaha...\" Only to the toxic gelatinous lifeforms that lurked in the shadows of the submersible heard the evil laughter. A/N: Gee who could the shadowed figure laughing to himself in a submarine be? couldn't think of an appropriate prologue so i went with and old favorite and followed the movies by starting off with a whale scene. R&R;[Chapter 2] Sloth: Holy whale spout, Randolph! It's been such a long since I updated I think a few people began to wonder if I was ever coming back. Well wonder no more i'm back and i'm writing! Finally! after so long you folks now have the start of my Twin Tides story. Keep watching for updates to Twin Tides Prequel Ska'ana Tales coming soon with the long awaited chapter 1. Also check this awesome fan-art that Twin Tides' #1 fan drew of [ laryssadesenhista,deviantart,com/art/Taylor-and-Tyler-Paikea-and-Ikaika-308034563 ] Remember to replace the ',' with '.' She's also done a sketch of Ikaika that literally comes out of the next chapter and she hasn't even read it yet! She tells me to expect more art from her but i'm still getting over just the one picture. Laryssa you're awesome! Muito Obrigado! You know the drill only the OCs and plot are mine. Enjoy! Chapter 1 - The Spirits of the Beginning Miles of water stretched too and from the horizon, hugging the shores of the nearby islands, like a blanket of liquid silk. Sea spray danced in the soft ocean breeze tickling the air as it was carried along. Waves ebbed and flowed along in the current, the swaying motion rocking sleepy sea otters in their beds of kelp. The ocean sparkled as if made of shimmering jewels. Soft billowy clouds of cotton drift along silently as the sun shined above in the azure sky. Bells toll as buoys rocked and swayed with stellar sea lions lounging upon them. The low drone of an engine blended into the sounds of the sea as the sharp blast of the horn announced its presence. The bow of the ferry cut through the always moving water as it thundered on to it's destination. Passengers gathered along the decks watching the scenery pass them by. Couples hugged and held each other, children giggled and laugh as they watched the seagulls glide above the water with envious ease. The white sea birds bobbed and weaved around the ship enjoying the updrafts and hoping for some food. The wake of the ferry bubbled and churned from the powerful propellers as it rumbled along. The railing were crowded as passengers looked to the waters around the ship hoping to see more than just the gulls. They were not disappointed when among the crowd excited shouting drew attention to the wake that trailed behind. Orcas, two of them to be exact, bound over the waves as they surfed. Camera shutters snapped as everyone who could took photos of the playful black and white whales. They leaped into and over the churning waves as they glide along with the current. There were comments on the beauty of the animals and how like dolphins they were by their playing. Standing in the crowd, sharing the excitement of seeing the orca, were twin boys, they pointed and smiled and laughed as the two whales seemed to show off to the onlookers aboard the ship. Like many of the people around them, the boys noticed that one of the whales had a dorsal fin that was partially bent over easily distinguishing it from it's friend. It was their summer vacation to the islands and watching the orca play couldn't have been a better start. The spectators cheered as one of the whales took a mighty leap out of the water and landed with a thunderous splash that sent sea foam and water cascading all around. Then as quickly as they appeared the orca were gone, leaving the ferry to its course. ooOOOooOOoTwin TidesoOOooOOOoo The damp summer morning held a crisp clean scent from the rains that had fallen during the night. Creeks and rivers trickle and flowed from fresh sources as ground water emptied into them. Rain drops and dew clung to leaves and grass, even some insects were not left without sport some droplet fashion. Birds sang cheerfully in the tress and splashed in the puddles as squirrels and other small rodents took advantage of the softened ground to search for food. The sun gleamed and glistened through the forest canopy as speckled patches of light. Soft breeze blew in from the ocean carrying a salt scent. Leaves danced along shaking droplets of the rain from their form letting them drop down to the ground below. Trees stood as an immense army, stretching high above reaching for the gold sunlight that seems to always be too far. Tires crunched along the forest road as they rolled over the gravel and dirt, propelling the dark green SUV through the snaking line of trees. Traveling five hours from the mainland to the island was long and tiring for the family of four within. Having turned off the main road from the ferry port onto a heavily wooded stretch of unpaved road. Weaving and bumping through dips and turns the long journey from mainland to Orcas island comes to its conclusion as the wooden house came into view after the vehicle climbed over the small incline. The SUV rolled to a stop in front of the large cabin like home. Nestled in among the forest the house had a rustic look, wild yet homy. Two stories, the house sat upon an escarpment over looking the sea. Stairs lead from the backyard down to the store as a large dock and boat house stretched into the water. Rocks and trees lined the rocky beach, picturesque place to be in the solitude of nature. Grass yards and a patio added to the home with gardens that lined the stone walkways. The front door opened as the engine shut down and the driver smiled as he waved to the elderly couple that emerged from the home. The two cheerfully came down the walk way to greet their guests. \"Okay guys, we're here,\" 47 year old Jesse Greenwood looked into the rearview mirror at his twelve year old twin sons as they stretched and yawn from sleeping. \"Ooh, that was a long drive,\" Nadine Complained as she slowly and stiffly stepped out of the vehicle. Jesse gave his wife a sympathetic look as he headed for the back hatch, opening it and began to retrieved the luggage inside. \"Taylor, Tyler, come and get your bags,\" their father said as he set down each bag as the still sleepy blond boys did as asked. Glen and Annie reached the last steps of the walkway greeting the family. Glen, after giving his daughter-in-law a hug and pats on the twins heads, gave his adopted son a hand with the last of the luggage, greeting him with a hug and pat on the back, \"Good to see you, son.\" \"Me too, dad.\" Happily returning the hug, Jesse replied. \"Grandma!\" came the twin shouts as the boys ran to give their grandmother a hug. \"You boys get taller every time I see you.\" Annie preened hugging the twin tightly, releasing them as their mother approached. The twins were shooed to the house with their bags. \"Hi, mom.\" The younger woman greeted awkwardly hugging her mother-in-law being careful of her swollen abdomen. \"Hi, sweetheart,\" Annie greeted with a smile before looking towards the car, \"Hi, jesse, how was the drive?\" \"Long, at least traffic was light,\" came the tired response as Jesse and Glen began hauling some of the begs to the house. Heading already towards the steps, Annie gushed as she fussed over her daughter-in-law, \"Goodness Nadine, you're glowing!\" Offering stable support to the pregnant woman, \"Hows the baby?\" Nadine winced as she felt a tiny kick, \"Well for one she has a healthy kick, she's definitely going to be into sports with all the kicking.\" Another small kick, \"definitely soccer, I'll be more than happy when she finally comes.\" \"No need to rush, she'll come when she's ready.\" Chuckled Annie as she lead Nadine into the house with Glen and Jesse following behind. Inside the house Taylor and Tyler ran up the wooden stairs to drop their bags off in their room. It wasn't long before they began fighting over who got the top bunk and the fighting turning into wrestling and soon the bunk bed was forgotten as they rough housed. \"Boys, come down for some pancakes!\" Came Annie's voice as she called from the kitchen. Pausing from their wrestling the twins instantly headed for the stairs. \"Coming!\" Both father and grandfather had to step out of the way as the two boys came running past. \"No running in the house!\" Jesse scold as Glen laughed. ooOOOooOOoTwin TidesoOOooOOOoo Later in the afternoon the adults were out on the patio looking out to the water. they chatted amongst each other as they enjoyed the warm breeze. The remnants of last nights rain long since dried up had the flowers in the garden blooming. Song birds sang in the trees as butterflies fluttered around. It didn't that long for the quiet afternoon to be interrupted as the twin came rushing out of the house. They didn't pause to greet the adults as they ran down the pathway towards the beach. \"Where are you two off?\" Jesse called after the boys. The twins paused. \"We're going exploring!\" said Taylor. \"We're going to find buried treasure!\" said Tyler. Glen chuckled. \"Be sure to share if you do find any.\" \"Don't go too far,\" Annie cautioned. The twins continued down the steps after getting permission from the adults. \"Be careful out there!\" Nadine warned her sons, \"look out for each other.\" \"Okay!\" The boy called back. \"And stay out of trouble!\" Shouted Jesse but the boys had run off down the shore. Sighing as he sat down, \"ah who am I kidding, they're Greenwoods.\" Glen laughed as he gave his son sympathetic pat on the shoulder. \"Yeah, we do have a habit of finding trouble.\" \"More like trouble has a habit of finding us,\" added Annie. \"Don't remind me.\" Jesse groaned. The adults shared a knowing laugh as they once again returned to enjoying the quiet afternoon. Off in the distance the ferry could be heard blasting its horn. The wind blew softly playing with a wooden native carved wind chime the hung over the patio. ooOOOooOOoTwin TidesoOOooOOOoo Waves flowed inland and back out to sea as they broke along the pebbled shore. An eagle called as it flew through the trees as it searched for food. The twins raced each other along the beach pausing time to time to look at something the found. Low tide had opened up more of the sandy shore leaving pools of water scattered along. Peering in shallow tidal pools the boys noted all the sea life they saw. They stopped to watch a small hermit crab as it changed from one sea shell to another. In the same small pool they found a spiky sea urchin and a starfish. There was so many creatures in one space it left the twins amazed. Before long they were once again moving along the beach. After a bout of stick sword fighting the boys thought to head into the woods and explore. Climbing over fallen trees, playing various games from hide and seek to a game where they were famous explorers looking for a new discovery. They played this game for a long while as they head further into the forest. At one point Tyler pretended to carry a map leading the way as he guided his brother to a creek. Finding a vine hanging from a tree he held it as if to swing with it as he jumped over the creek calling out like Tarzan. He then tossed the brittle looking vine to his brother and waited with a grin. Taylor held tightly to the vine and prepared to swing on it. With a running start he put his weight on the vine and swung across the creek. Part way across there was a snap as the vine broke unable to hold any weight. With a hard splash Taylor fell into the muddy creek. Sitting in the cold water he glared at his laughing twin. Tyler ran though the woods when he brother tossed mud at him. The two chased each other until they once again came to the beach. Pausing the boys looked to see how far from the house they had gone. They couldn't see the house anymore from where they were. With mischievous grins they continued further along the shoreline. Coming to another low tide area Taylor once again looked for sea creatures in the small pools of water left behind by low tide. Tyler wandered a little further away to look around a large cliff wall that cut off the beach. As he search around the cliff face looking for anything of interest he had come across a fairly large opening. \"Hey Taylor!\" Tyler shouted to his brother, his voice echoing in the cave. \"Come check this out!\" Taylor joined his brother at the opening of what appeared to be a large cave. The two stood there for a while before with silent agreement they entered the cave. Carefully walking through with only the mouth of the cave for light the boys moved further in. Tyler was mildly disappointed to find the cave empty. Slightly bored of the cave Taylor leaned against a wall, he tried figuring out what else he and his twin could do. He stood for a moment only to have the wall pull from behind him. With a shout of surprise he began to fall backwards. In an instant Tyler grabbed onto his brother as he tried to pull Taylor back to his feet, but it was no use as both twins fell into the sudden opening. The boys yelled in surprised as beyond the wall was a stone chute leading further into the cave and deep underground. Just as they were thinking how far they had fallen the chute suddenly opened up and the twins landed in a heap. They found themselves in a cave, a large cave. Light were strung around the walls lighting up the immense cavern. The far end of the cavern was a large lagoon. The twins were amazed to find the cavern, even more amazed to see what was sitting in the middle of the lagoon. It was a large submarine, painted dark grey and red, sitting in the water with the gangway leading into an open hatch. Curious of their discovery the boys go to investigate the vessel. So intrigued with the sub that neither twin noticed that they were not alone. ooOOOooOOoTwin TidesoOOooOOOoo Water rushed aside as a small boat made its way into the cove heading for the dock below the Greenwoods home. Natsilane III was painted on the bow of the vessel as it slowed. At the helm of the boat was and aging native Haida tribesman, his long greying hair tied back into a low pony tail. He was no stranger to the Greenwood family. Randolph guided the boat along side the wooden dock and cut the engine. \"Jesse!\" Randolph called as Jesse reached the last step to the dock hurrying to tie the mooring lines. \"Hey Randolph!\" answered Jesse as he secured the back line. Randolph shut down the boat and climbed from the ladder to properly greet his friend. Pulling out of a friendly hug Randolph gave Jesse a look over, \"Look at you, you're all grown up.\" \"And you're old.\" Jesse laughed. Sharing the joke Randolph patted the younger man as the two headed up the steps. The native man immediately gave his goddaughter a hug after she struggled to her feet. \"Hi randolph,\" Nadine greeted hugging her godfather tightly. \"How have you been, Nadine?\" the aging man asked. \"Tired mostly.\" was the response. \"Would you like a beer, Randolph,\" Glen offered having not moved from his seat. \"No thanks, Glen,\" Randolph declined as he hugged Annie, \"how are you, Annie?\" \"I'm good, Randolph,\" Annie said smiling, \"How has work been going?\" \"As well as we can hope I'm afraid,\" he replied grabbing a chair and joined the four, \"We managed to rehabilitate those sea lions from last summer and are ready to be released in the next month.\" \"That's good to hear,\" Jesse commented. \"It's slow but the area is finally showing signs of improvement from that oil spill a few years back.\" \"At least it wasn't as terrible as the one when the Dakkar had ran aground and Luna had gotten sick,\" Nadine said. \"That's a blessing,\" said Annie. \"Speaking of the orca,\" Randolph reminded himself, \"I have some spare time this week if you want to go out and do some whale watching.\" \"Oh, that's perfect,\" Nadine exclaimed, \"the boys would love it.\" Randolph glanced around, \"where are the trouble makers anyway?\" \"They've gone out to explore the beach,\" Jesse said as he returned with an iced tea for his aging friend. The five adults caught up with each other. Randolph talked about his work at the research center for orca and other marine life. The afternoon was once again enjoyed with the company of friends and family. ooOOOooOOoTwin TidesoOOooOOOoo The submarine was massive as the boys stood next to it, partially submerged in the lagoon it sat like a lone giant standing at some kingdom gates. The shape of the craft was slightly different than the average large submersible. It held the classic torpedo like shape hull with a subtle difference as the side of the vessel seem to be stretched out like that of an oval, as if the sub had be squished. Protruding along the bow of the craft were two large red fins that stretched from the nose to partly along the sides. Near the aft of the vessel stood the tower with smaller wing like fins on the sides. It was like looking at something from a science fiction comic. The twins couldn't believe their discovery and wondered why it was in the hidden cave. Who would own such a dark looking submarine. As they continued to admire the vessel large shadows cast over the boys. Looking to see what was behind them, both twins were not expecting what they had saw. Four putrid green creatures that looked to be made of some kind of slime stood ghoulishly. The boy shout in surprise, but it was not the creatures that held their shock, for standing in the center of the creatures was a man. A whose left arm and half his head were all that was human. Right arm flexed mechanically as the man glared as the boy for trespassing. This man was none other than... \"The Machine!\" the boys cried as they recognized the cyborg from their father's stories. Realizing the danger they tried to run for it. The Machine's right eye glowed red as the mention of his name. Not wanting to be discovered by the authorities he ordered his toxic slime amphonids to capture the trespassers. The Machine fumed, spent all these years in secret only to be discovered by two meddlesome boys. From the time when that annoying whale and his boy had ruined all his plans, the Machine had his body altered so that he would no longer be human trapped in the hands of time. The alterations left him as he had looked forty years ago, he no longer aged. Now all that he had planned stood to be ruined before he could start if these boys were left to themselves. \"Tie up those meddlesome kids,\" Ordered the Machine as his amphonids caught both boys with nets, \"and load them into the sub to be disposed of.\" The twins struggled and cried to be released as the slime creatures tied them up tightly. Unable to free themselves they were helpless as they were lead into the submersible. Prisoners of the Machine all they could do was sit and watch as the amphonids took to the controls. The Machine ordered the vessel to be submerged and the boys feared for what would happen to them. Huddling close each other for comfort the heard the powerful engines start up and the submarine began its descent. There was nothing the twins could do as the craft submerged into the lagoon and headed out to sea. Sloth: Dun dun dun duuuuuunn. It was going to be longer but I thought I'd save what happens next for the second chapter. That and i'm evil so I give you a cliffhanger. Did you know mediation music and whale songs really help with writing? Like it? Love it? Hate it? rate it! Click the review button and let me know![Chapter 3] Sloth: Sorry for the delay, peeps. I lost most of this chapter's manuscript and had to write all from memory so it took me a while. in other news i now have a job (maybe two by the end of the month), which also lead to the long delay. I'll post when i can for the next chapters once finished. cpt3 is about 1/3 written already so the wait may not be long. Also good news Chpt 2 of Ska'ana Tales is also in writing as i now have access to the first season of the FW cartoon. Sadly it's coded so i can't upload it to youtube. Thanks Ultra Rodimus for beta-ing the chapter! Thanks Laryssa for all the art you've drawn of the boys and Orca. That being said I've wasted your time long enough, onward to the story! Enjoy! Blackfish Saga– Twin Tides Chapter 2 - Waves of Danger The sun sat atop the trees as if it were held there. It was later into the day, the cool morning was replaced by the warm of the afternoon's embrace. The shadows of the trees cascade across the lawn. Butterflies danced in the patches of sunlight as they performed for the bright flowers of the garden. It was hours past noon, hours since the boys had ran off to play. As the Greenwoods ate lunch on the patio, Jesse often glanced to the pebbled beach. Now the sundial read three in the afternoon, five hours. Jesse once again looked over his shoulder towards the beach. Randolph, who had stayed for the midday meal with his friends, eyed the younger man. \"Jesse, what is it?\" Annie asked as she too noticed her son's grown agitation. \"They've been gone too long,\" Was the younger man's response. \"You know how kids are, Jess,\" Glen reassured, even though he too was growing concerned. \"The boys will be back when they get hungry.\" \"I'm with Jesse, I don't like them being gone so long,\" Nadine said as she glanced down to the beach. \"Perhaps we should look for them,\" Suggested Annie. Glen thought for a moment before sighing, \"Okay, We'll go look along the beach.\" \"I'll take the Natsilane II and see if I can spot them,\" Randolph offered. \"Good idea\" Glen nodded to the native man, \"Lets use the walkie talkies.\" \"I'll get them,\" Jesse stood from his seat and headed inside. \"Nadine and I will stay here in case they come back,\" Annie said. \"I'm sure they're fine and playing in the woods or swimming past the point.\"Glen assured the two women. \"Just the same, I'll feel better to find out that they are fine, rather than wait,\" said Annie. Jesse returned with three radios in his hands. Handing one to Randolph and another to his wife. \"Dad and I will take the trails, while Randolph searches the beach. We'll find the boys.\" \"Right,\" Glen nodded. \"Let's get going,\" Randolph said already heading towards the stairway. Annie and Nadine watched as the men headed off and the Natsilane II pulled away from the dock, it's engine rumbling as water parted aside. Glen waved to the boat as he and Jesse reached the beach. \"I'll make some tea while we wait,\" Annie said quietly. \"Thanks mom,\" the younger woman replied as Annie headed inside. Nadine sat quietly as she waited, the sounds of the waves keeping the silence from being overwhelming. The young mother couldn't help the ominous feeling in her gut. Softly rubbing her swollen abdomen as the baby inside kicked hard sensing Nadine's unease. OoOOOooOOoTwin Tides oOOooOOOoo The water churned as it rushed through the spinning propeller of the submarine. The dark submersible rumbled far out to sea as it left the dark depth and slowly rose towards the surface. The Machine stood on the dull lighted as his amphonids piloted. He ordered for the sub to surface, there was one thing he had to deal with before the submarine returned to deep water. Huddled together the twins had been unsuccessful in untying themselves. They sat wide eyed as the craft broke the surface. Glancing to each other the wondered just what was going to happen to them. They didn't have to wait long. \"Halt Engines!\" The twins whimpered as the cyborg turned his attention to them. \"Now to deal with a couple of pests.\" The Machine said with a dark grin, \"Bring them!\" The boys shouted and struggled as each were forced to their feet. Resisting as much as they could, they were lead top side. The bright sun had the boys squinting having been in the dark sub for awhile. When their sight cleared they visibly paled. They were in the middle of nowhere. The closest land was far on the horizon. The twins shared a look, they were in serious trouble. Water lapped against the side of the submersible as the boys were brought to the Machine. Taylor steeled his nerves.\"You won't get away with this, our dad will find you,\" He challenged \"So let us go,\" Tyler shouted trying not to sound as nervous as he felt. The Machine who had been looking out over the water turned to the young boys as they gave him burning glares. He only laughed at their efforts. The gurgling amphonids too laughed along with the cyborg, not really sure what was funny. \"Let you go? But of course lads, I'll let you go,\" The cyborg said sounding as sincere as he could. His friendly smile quickly turned into a slimy sneer as the boys visibly relaxed. \"Throw them overboard.\" The twins eyes went wide at the order. They immediately struggled as the ooze creatures follow the order. \"No!\" \"Stop!\" \"Help!\" The boys pleaded as the were forced closer to the side the submarine. \"Somebody! Help us!\" \"Quit stalling you fools and toss them overboard!\" The Machine shouted. The boys continued to struggle, still calling and shouting for help, doing all they can to be heard. They were too far from land, there couldn't possibly be anyone who would hear the cries for help. ooOOOooOOoTwin TidesoOOooOOOoo Below the rocking waves two large dark shapes glide through the water. Torpedo like forms with powerful tails kicking up and down propelling them through the brine. Pectoral fins hung loosely on their sides helping them with direction, like the rudder on a boat. Telltale dorsal fins and the iconic white patches all that kept them from being completely invisible in the dark water. Orca. The pair was heading through the open water from a hunting spot among the islands. Chasing small schools of fish in a one sided game of tag and playing with strands of kelp that drifted away from the larger forests. Clicks and squeaks announced their presence as the two orca chatted with each other. Sunlight filtered through the waves as if it were dancing to the orchestra of the ocean. The orca weaved through the beams of light just enjoying the freedom of the water. They chased and played as they race along the current. They carried on seemingly oblivious to the world above the waves, until a large shadow cut off the dancing sunlight. Pausing from their antics the two orca glanced up towards the surfaced. Sitting ominously at the surface was the dark shape of a submarine. One, all creatures of the sea knew well. The Machine. Happy expressions turned to angry glares as the two whales recognized the craft. With an angry squeal, one of the orca raced towards the submersible, closely followed by its more cautious companion. It wasn't a secret among local groups of orca who the Machine was. It was rare for the Machine to appear and with each appearance spelled danger to the ocean. Determined to show the cyborg not to mess with the oceans, the more boisterous of the two orca charged to ram the sub. His companion was with him in the attack when something made him stop. With an alarmed cry he halted his companion's charge. The two orca regrouped as now both heard the sound. Confused curiosity had the two whales move away a distance before surfacing. Inconspicuously as they could the two spy hopped above the waves. With surprised squeaks they see the Machine stand atop the submersible shouting at the amphonids. It wasn't the amphonids that had their attention it was the two smaller humans that struggled to get away. Then the last thing they expected, helplessly they watch as the two humans were thrown from the submarine and into the sea. Tied up as tight as they were the twin boys were unable to stay above the water and still struggling they sank below the waves. The Machine stood looking down to the water satisfied. Alarmed, the two orca dove into the water and rushed towards the drowning boys. Their powerful flukes churning the water and trailing bubbles as they raced to help. The boys struggled to get to the surface. The ocean current was proving too strong. They grew more frightened as their lungs began to burn. Panic set in, they were going to drown. A sound cut through Taylor's panic causing him to pause in his attempt to wiggle free of the ropes. Fighting the urge to breath, he looked out into the depths. Large shadows appeared from the gloom, heading in his direction. Panic began anew as one thing entered his mind, sharks! Once again the boy struggled to get free. He had to help his brother before they drowned. His lungs burned, begging for fresh air, they couldn't last long. A strange howl cutting through the water had Taylor once again stop struggling. He once again looked out to the depths only to see a mouth full of teeth coming towards him. Closing his eyes, Taylor waited for the inevitable, wondering if being eaten alive would hurt. Water rushed around him as he waited for the shark to attack. It didn't come. Instead the rope that restrained him became loose. Taylor opened his eyes, the rope, it had been cut, he was free. Looking for his brother, Taylor saw that Tyler too was cut loose. The two boys kicked and paddled as hard as they could, no longer entrapped by the ropes, they quickly swam to the surface. Both boys gratefully took a much needed breath of air as they broke above the waves, sputtering as having inhaled some of the sea water. They were alive! The twins surfacing had the Machine stop in his tracks. Scowling, he wondered how it was possible for the boys to have gotten free. About to shout at his gelatinous minions, something caught his eye. Two dorsal fins cut through the water coming hastily towards his sub. His eyes narrowed in silent fury. \"Orca.\" The cyborg growled. Retreating into the submarine he ordered the craft to be submerged. Engine rumbled to life churning the near calm water. As the craft sunk below the surface it began kicking up waves that washed over the two exhausted boys. The boys yelled as a wave three feet in height threatened to drown them. Struggling to stay afloat in the rough water they began tiring. Suddenly the twins found themselves being lifted out of the water. Exasperated they couldn't believe who had helped them. They were on the back of an orca. One of the orca had come and scooped the twins onto its back, allowing the boys a chance to regain their strength. With the two boys on its back the black and white whale began to move away from the area. They were quickly joined by the second orca as it breached from the water. \"Move it, Pai. You're a sitting duck!\" The orca squealed in warning as he dove back under the churning water. Tyler blinked rapidly at where the other orca had been. With the boys on his back \"Pai\" squeaked in response and began to move quickly carrying them towards the shore. Below the waves the Machine wasn't finished. Decades of keeping a low profile was ruined by those meddling boys. Dealing with constant incidents with wildlife had always delayed his plans. Now he wasn't going to let a couple of black and white nuisances stop him. No, he had something to use in dealing with them once and for all. \"This will show those buckets of blubber.\" Pressing one of the many buttons on the submarine's pilot chair received a confirmation beep as it lit up. The Machine sneered triumphantly, \"I do so hope they enjoy my whale-seeking torpedoes.\" Hatches on the bow of the submersible opened releasing the two projectiles as bubbles trailed behind. They headed right for the orca and the twins. With an angry growl the second orca charged towards the two projectiles. Bubbles trailed as his powerful fluke pushed him forward. He wasn't going to let his friend get hurt, not while he can head the torpedoes off. The twins caught their bearings, sitting on the back of the orca. Shocked about all that had happened to them so far and the strange turn of event. They couldn't think what else could happen. That is until one of the boys spotted to two shadows headed towards them some distance away, \"What are those?\" Taylor asked pointing at the objects, getting the attention of his brother. The orca beneath them twitched as if in response to Taylor's words. \"Hold onto my dorsal fin and hold your breath!\" The orca said urgency in his voice. \"What?!\" Both boys said in unison. Did they just... The twins didn't have time to wonder about what they thought they had heard as the orca they rode suddenly kicked its tail and began moving faster. Grabbing on to the whales dorsal fin as tight as they could, trying not get thrown off the orca's back. The boys held on as the whale dove beneath the waves giving them no choice but to hold their breaths. The second whale caught up to his companion. Several quick clicks and squeaks were traded before the second orca broke away and continued towards the torpedoes that now were speeding closer behind. Cutting behind the bubble trail of his companion the second orca managed to catch the attention of the projectiles as they instantly changed course to follow. Fluke kicked hard increasing the whales speed as he kept ahead of the missiles. \"Pai\" headed away from the area as fast as he could not wanting to risk the torpedoes coming after him and his passengers. He surfaced quickly to allow the boys on his back a chance to get a breath of fresh air. He remained at the surface knowing full well that humans can't hold their breaths for long, and he didn't want to force the boys to have to hold their breaths. The nearest shore grew closer and \"Pai\" headed towards a cove he spotted nearby. The game of tag between whale and missiles continued as the second whale lured the torpedoes after him. Using his agility to his advantaged he forced the projectiles to have to constantly shift their bearing as he dove and weaved through the water. Reaching an open sandy area, he performed several spectacular swimming moves that would have impressed the most agile of dolphins. Making a sharp brake and dove deeper he sent the two missiles whirling past him and into the sandy sea floor. The torpedoes impact instantly triggering detonation. Swimming as fast as he could the orca kicked his tail fast and hard towards the surface. Breaching just as the water exploded around him, narrowly avoiding being caught in the warheads' explosion. \"Grah!\" The Machine yelled his fist slamming on the console, as he watch both whales get away unharmed. Even worse, those boys gotten away as well. He had no choice but to retreat, with those boys finding his cavern hideout his low profile was endangered. Water churned and bubbled as the Submarine headed away and into deeper water vanishing into the darkness like a shadow. OoOOOooOOoTwin TidesoOOooOOOoo In the calm after the days events, in the cove safe from danger for the time being, \"Pai\" swam toward a group of rocks. Water softly lapped against the rocks and shore a relaxing sound in the near quiet cove, The orca softly encourage the frighten boys to climb off his back. It didn't take much urging as the twins transitioned from the orca's back to the rocks. The second orca bobbed from beneath the surface as he joined the group with an victorious squeal. The boys were shaken but unharmed. They were alive, safe and on relatively dry land. Calming down, one thing they couldn't believe was that killer whales had saved them. It was beyond amazing and they were very grateful. \"You may not understand us, but you saved our lives,\" Tyler said to the two orca that remained with the boys and not returned to sea. \"Thank you,\" Tayler added. \"No problem,\" Squeaked \"Pai\". \"We're always happy to help anyone in need,\" said the second orca, \"even grounder pups.\" The boys jaws dropped. \"You can talk!\" Tyler exclaimed. \"Of course, we always could,\" replied the second orca as if it wasn't anything exciting. \"Pai\" shifted to roll slightly on his side, intrigued, \"This is the first time grounders could understand us.\" The second orca paused in realization that it was true. The twins shared a look between themselves. \"Why do you look the same?\" The second whale asked, \"Is that a grounder thing?\" Both boys giggled. \"We look the same..\"Taylor said \"...Because we're twins.\" Finished Tyler. \"I'm Taylor.\" \"And I'm Tyler\" \"I'm Paikea, hope you aren't hurt.\" the boys shook their heads in response to the orca's concern. \"The name's Ikkaika,\" said the second orca as he rolled on to his side showing off the scar over his right eye. \"I can't believe the Machine is still around\" Taylor said. Ikkaika growled at the mention of the Machine, \"That metal maniac has been causing trouble for years.\" \"We and our friends have been trying to stop whatever schemes he has but he keeps on coming back,\" Said Paikea mournfully, \"with each return another part of the ocean is destroyed.\" \"Grounders do nothing but destroy nature,\" Ikkaika said angrily before giving the boys an apologetic look, \"er, I mean not every grounder, just some.\" \"There's gotta be something we can do to help stop the Machine,\" Tyler said. Taylor's eye light up as a idea came to his mind, \"Dad.\" \"What?\" Questioned Ikkaika confused. \"Oh yeah, Dad can help,\" said Tyler. The two orca looked to each other puzzled by the two humans. \"What are you talking about?\" Ikkaika asked. The twins looked to the two whales, \"Our dad went against the Machine before.\" \"And if we tell him the Machine is back...\" \"...He and our grandparents...\" \"...Can help get rid of the Machine.\" \"This time keep him gone!\" Witnessing the boys finishing each others sentences practically made the orca dizzy watching it. Ikkaika shook his head clear. \"So, you think your pod can help?\" \"Sure, they did it before,\" shrugged Tyler. \"We could use all the help we can get.\" Said Paikea, looking to his friend. The small group were quiet as each thought. The twins were sure their parents would help. After all they want against the Machine before. Why wouldn't they do it again? A crow cawed in the trees, interrupting the four from their thoughts. It was then the boys noticed how late in the day it was. Their family must be wondering where they are. \"We better go,\" Taylor said looking to the orca. Tyler nodded, \"Yeah, it's getting late.\" \"Thank you again for saving us.\" \"No problem,\" replied Paikea with a squeak, \"glad we got there when we did.\" The two orca moved away from the rock and began swimming out towards the sea. \"Hope we meet again.\" Tyler called out. \"Bye!\" Taylor added waving. Fwoosh, was the boys response as both whales slipped below the waves. The twins climbed off the rocks they sat on and headed into the woods. They hoped they were close to home or at least not on a different island. ooOOOooOOoTwin TidesoOOooOOOoo \"Those blasted whales!\" shouted the Machine as he sat in his chair, \"Always getting in my way.\" Gears grind as his mechanical fist clenched. \"But no more, I'll get rid of them even if I have to destroy every living creature in the oceans.\" The submarine chugged through the water coming to a rock wall. Slowing its speed and continued towards it as if on collision. Subtly sediment and rock shifted and fell away as much larger boulders began to slide apart revealing a cave. Silently the craft slipped into the darkness as the massive boulders began sliding closed. Moments later the cave vanished as if never there. Sloth: Hope it was to your liking, i tried to get the action perfect and hopefully wasn't too much at once. I'm not happy about the Machine's short scenes but i couldn't think of anything else to add that wouldn't be redundant. Next chapter coming soon... So...Like it? Hate it? Meh it? R&R; and let me know! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: inspired by the movies and cartoon by Warner Bros. Summary: Jesse, Nadine and the twins"},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"Blackfish Saga Ska'ana Tales","Author":"Evil Bunnies Inc","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7234060","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Inspired by the movies and Animated series by Warner Bros. Note that the cartoon took place after the first movie and before the sequel. Luna and Little Spot did not appear in the cartoon if anyone was wondering if they did. Summary: Jesse is grown up, married and raising a family. He spends an evening with his sons, telling the stories of him and his best bud Willy and the adventures they had together. Prequel to Twin Tides. Warning: The prologue is a little depressing. Future Chapters will be on lighter notes promise. Enjoy! Blackfish Saga - Skaana Tales Prologue Once, before there were orca, lived a great carver named Natsilane. Natsilane married the daughter of a chief on a nearby island and took up residence with her family. While most of the island's people welcomed Natsilane, his oldest three brothers-in-law were jealous of his skills and were threatened by his presence. One day, while out hunting with his brothers, Natsilane speared a sea lion but the animal escaped, with the tip of the spear lodged in its skin. Even worse than missing the kill, Natsilane turned around to see his brothers-in-law paddling away, abandoning him on a desolate rock with no supplies. With nothing more he could do, Natsilane curled up under his cloak and fell asleep, unsure of what the next day would bring. When he awoke the next day, he was met by the chief of the sea lions, who asked him a favor: the chief's son had been injured by a spear tip. If Natsilane would help save the chief's son, the chief would send him home safely, with new skills and abilities. Natsilane removed the spear tip and the chief's son healed. Natsilane was then given safe passage home. Once he was back with his wife and family, Natsilane set to carving a great whale out of spruce wood. After a number of tries, he finally succeeded in carving the perfect creature. He launched it into the ocean and the carving sank. At first nothing happened. But then Natsilane began so say a prayer, one he had never heard before... ...Salana Ayun Iasis... The words echoed over the water. Then the water began to churn and swell and from below the waves the carving leaped out from where it had sank. But it was not a carving anymore, it had come to life and became a whale. It had become an orca. Natsilane ordered the whale to find his brothers-in-law and avenge their actions. The orca then sank the canoe of Natsilane's brothers-in-law, drowning them in the ocean. Natsilane ordered the orca to never again harm a human. The villagers and the orca lived in harmony ever since... ~oOo~ Reading the familiar legend brought a soft smile to face of 47 year old Jesse Greenwood, happily married to his lovely wife Nadine, father of two twin sons Taylor and Tyler. He could remember when his old friend and mentor Randolph had told him the Haida legend of the origin of orca. He recalled all the adventures he had as a young boy, working at Misty Island oceanographic institute with Randolph, Marelene and of course Mr. Naugle, taking care of sick and injured marine life, travelling the seas. Jesse will admit one thing to anyone that since growing up and starting his own family, he missed the sea. But there was one thing he missed more than anything, or should that be anyone. Placing the book onto the desk, Jesse sighed. He missed his best friend, his best bud and fellow trouble maker. He missed, Willy. When Jesse was in his mid thirties, he and Nadine, his fiance at the time, moved into a new two story house in Oregon, happily settling down with their twin newborn sons, when he had gotten the call from his parents. They had gotten a call from Randolph that Willy had been hanging around the area lately. Willy, thirty-seven years old, was spotted in a shallow cove near the camp grounds Jesse and his family visited every year. According to Randolph, Willy had been there for several days. Of course Jesse and Nadine wasted no time in going to the Islands. When they had arrived they met up with Glen, Annie and Randolph. The small reunion with family and friends was brief as they made their way to the cove where Willy was. It wasn't a happy sight, Willy was listless, barely even moving. Randolph tells the Greenwoods that Willy hadn't moved much unless to eat, which from what the aging Haida had seen, wasn't very often. Out in the deeper water of the cove, Niki, Willy's mate, Little Spot, Willy's brother, and three other younger orca, two males and a female, which were Willy and Niki's offspring, circled within the cove. Ocasionally spyhopping to see the humans that came as well as watching over Willy who now was beached in three feet of water. Hearing a mournful cry from Niki had Jesse's heart clench like being in a vice. He knew what was happening. Willy was dying. Jesse waded through the shallows toward his lifetime friend, who tiredly squeaked in greeting. Placing his hands on the old orca's snout, Jesse gave his friend a hug. Jesse closed his eyes and took a long slow deep breath, hoping his childhood ability would work one last time. Reopening his eyes, Jesse knelt into the water softly patting Willy's side. \"Hey Bud, been a long time.\" Fwoosh. Willy spouted mist as he inhaled. \"Too...long.\" Jesse swallow hard as hiss eyes began to water at hearing how tired his friend sounded. Gone was the cheerful trouble maker. \"I guess there'll be no more adventures for the two of us, huh?\" Willy smiled, \"I-I wanted to see you one last time, wanted...to say Goodbye.\" \"I know.\" Jesse sniffled trying to fight back the tears, \"I know, bud. You-you don't need to hang on anymore, i'm here beside you.\" \"You'll always remember me, right?\" \"Always.\" Jesse sobbed. Willy's breathing was slowing becoming more ragged. \"I love you, Willy.\" \"Love you too, Jesse. I'm...glad we were...friends.\" Willy softly said. \"The best.\" Fwoosh. \"Good-bye, Jesse.\" Willy spouted his last breath as his eyes slowly closed and he was gone. Jesse didn't stop the tears as he sobbed. \"Good-bye, Willy.\" Willy's family each let out long sorrow filled cries that echoed over the water and into the trees. Jesse's family mourned on the beach. Jesse with tears mixing with the salty waves he began to whisper familiar words... ... Salana ayun iasis... ~oOo~ Jesse leaned back in his chair wiping away a stray tear as he remembered his last moments with his orca friend. Twelve years had past since his friend's death and Jesse was on the verge of a new adventure in his life. A/N: Ska'ana - the Haida word for whale . Blackfish was the common term for orca (Killer whale) used by sailors and fishermen on the Northwest pacific coast. In the cartoon Jesse, age 12, discovered that, when his spirit was calm, he could speak to and understand animals. Yes, Willy can talk, Willy has always been able to talk, all animals can, but only those who can 'Truth Talk' can understand them. Natsilane's story is the original telling. I added the prayer from the movie since it is not apart of the original story. Future chapters will be from the episodes of the cartoon as well as the movies and how i tie them to each other. i wrote this Prologue while listening to \"The Soft Good-bye - Celtic Women\", it's not a theme but if you read and listen to the song you'll see how it is fitting. R&R;[Chapter 2] It took some time and pretty much every ounce of my ability to describe, but it's finally here. the first chapter. Disclaimer: Only the twins and this idea is mine. Everything else is Warner Bros. This chapter is the entire first FW movie in text form, minus non-important scenes so hopefully i managed to catch the scenes perfectly in this chapter. For future note each chapter of Ska'ana Tales is Jesse telling the tales of his adventures to his sons, so future chapters will be written forms of the cartoon series( as many of the episodes i can find ) to the last 2 movies. Without further a due. Enjoy! Ska'ana Tales Chapter One - Memory Lane Summer was in full swing as school is out, beaches are crowded, camp grounds active with bon fires and families enjoying the warm weather. The chill of winter is long forgotten with grass green, sky blue and the sun bright. Sail boats and pleasure crafts dot the coasts and lakes. Resturants open their outdoor patios to eager customers tired of being cooped up inside. In public parks kites fly high and sports played. Ice cream trucks patrol neighbourhoods and children chasing after them. While in northwest Oregon one family is on the verge of a new chapter of life and starting anew. Jesse Greenwood sat alone in the study relaxing in a plush chair as he finish reading a book on Haida legends, a book he recieved when he was twelve. The forty-seven year old was currently living in his childhood home in Astoria with his wife, Nadine, and his twelve year old twin sons Taylor and Tyler. Leaning further back in the soft chair Jesse let out a sigh as he breathed in the fragrant scent of popouri his mother enjoy having around the house. It was a familiar scent, having been used ever since Dwight had first brought him to stay with Glen and Annie. It was a great afternoon, weather was warm, the sky lightly speckled with billowy clouds. With the windows open birds could be heard chirping just outside in the trees that were in the yard. Aside from the children in the neighbourhood playing, shouting, screaming, just enjoying the summer afternoon, the house was quiet. Jesse furrow his brows as a thought came to his mind. It was quiet, it was too quiet. Especially within the Greenwood household. Jesse was off the chair and on his feet shortly after the thought left his mind. Just what were those the boys up too? He knew from experience that silence from troublemakers is never a good thing. So he headed out of the study in search of his twin sons and hoping that whatever mess they got into wasn't anything major. After searching the small three bedroom house for the elusive duo, Jesse found them in the livingroom inside a blanket fort with a paper sign taped to the fort opening saying \"T 'n' T command\". The aging father chuckled as he entered the room. He could see the boys intently looking at large photo album. \"Hey guys, what do you have there?\" \"Hi dad!\" Tyler greeted looking up from the album. \"We found a book with pictures of killer whales,\" Taylor added. \"The kid in the pictures looks like us but it's not an' we don't know who he is.\" \"Let me have a look,\" Kneeling down Jesse gets a better look at the photos. He had to smile it was the photo album of his time with Willy. \"Who is he, dad?\" Taylor asked. Smiling Jesse ask his sons to move over so he could sit between the two of them. \"Well the boy in the photos is me when I was your age.\" \"Why are you in photos with a whale?\" Tyler asked. \"Because he was my best friend, Willy.\" \"Willy?\" Taylor questioned slightly puzzled. Tyler looked up to his dad. \"How come you never told us about him?\" Jesse thought for a moment, \"You know I'm not sure why I haven't told you two about him.\" \"Can you tell us now?\" Taylor nodded vigorously to his brother's question. Jesse looked at his sons bright eager eyes and couldn't keep back a smile. Grabbing the album he flipped the pages back to the beginning of the book to the time he spent at the marine park where he first met the large orca. \"Let me start at the beginning.\" The twins got themselves comfortable as they waited for their father to continue, \"When I was your age I got into alot of trouble and I didn't always hang out with the right crowd. One night a friend and I...um...well lets just say we got into a lot of trouble and I got caught by the police.\" \"You were arrested?\" Taylor asked. \"Well not exactly but I did get in trouble and had to clean up the mess my friend and I caused,\" Jesse explained, \"turns out we had made a mess of the whale tank underwater viewing area.\" \"Is that when you met Willy?\" Tyler asked. \"Sort of,\" Jesse chuckled. \"When I first saw him the night my friend and I got into the aquarium. I thought Willy was a monster. With it being late at night and a storm was rolling in, didn't help. But when I saw him while cleaning up the glass I thought Willy was the most amazing thing I'd ever seen.\" \"Then what happened?\" both boys said at once wanting their father to get on with the story. Jesse laughed at the boys' excitement and began telling the story... ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo \"Breaking and entering, vandalism, resisting arrest.\" Said the older african american social worker as he lead twelve year old Jesse through the child service office, \"Anything else I should know?\" \"Yeah I robbed a few banks.\" Jesse replied trying to keep his tough guy attitude as he sat unhappily in the chair. \"Real cute, I'm glad you were only out for three days.\" \"Aw, did you miss me, Dwight?\" Mocked the young blond. \"Was Perry with you on this?\" Dwight Mercer shrugged off the boy's typical behavior. \"Perry, who?\" Jesse lied. Catching the obvious lie Dwight tries to get the boy to understand no one was going to take his attitude. \"Don't play. Don't be a bonehead, you know I hate telephones. I just spent forty-five minutes talking with police and that adventure park trying to keep you clean.\" Dwight leaned over his desk eyeing the young delinquent. \"We were lucky this time. I kept your butt out of court. You have to clean up the mess you made at the Northwest Adventure Park,\" The dark skinned man cut off any response Jesse was going to make by continuing, \"That is your probation. Any problem?\" Not liking the news Jesse said, \"Yeah, why should I?\" \"I don't know why I fool with you, I'm working too much overtime with you.\" Feigning exasperation over the youth, Dwight explains to the boy what consiquences lie ahead of him if he didn't clean up his act, \"But if you split again I'm out of the picture, gone. You'll be with Youth Authority. Court supervised and controlled. They'll put you in baby jail, a lock up in juvenile hall.\" Jesse started to drop his attitude slightly hearing what Dwight was saying thinking about his actions and what he had just narrowly escaped. Feeling some compassion for what the boy been through these past years and with a sigh Dwight leaned back in his chair. \"Okay, look.\" Dwight dropped the 'you're in trouble' tone and spoke calmly to the young blond, \"Your placement is still on. The Greenwoods are okay. They don't even care about this incident.\" Jesse huffed, \"what's wrong with them?\" \"I see.\" Dwight raise a brow at the boy, \"Since they want you in their home, something's wrong with them.\" \"What do you think?\" Again Jesse acted tough. \"On paper, you're still young, so you get some chances.\" Cutting off Jesse's smug grin, Dwight continued his speech, \"Not an infinite number of chances, but a few. You get it?\" ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Later that afternoon, Dwight takes Jesse by car to the Greenwood's home in a quiet residential neighbourhood only minutes from the nearby harbour. He pulls the small sedan along the sidewalk in front of the two story house. As he exits the car, Glen and Annie Greenwood come outside to greet the new arrivals. \"Anytime you're ready, big guy.\" Leaning on his car Dwight tries to encourage Jesse to get out of the car. \"Glen, Annie.\" Greeted Dwight as Jesse climb out of the car. \"Hi, Dwight.\" Annie replied and she and her husband joined their guests. \"How are you, Annie?\" Dwight shook the blonde woman's hand. Annie Smiled, \"Good. It's been a long day for the both of us.\" \"There he is.\" Glen said as he attempted to pat Jesse on his head but the boy avoided him. Trying again to be friendly Glen tried again to welcome the boy, \"Can I carry your stuff?\" \"No.\" Jesse replied bluntly tightly holding his bag as he glared at the older man. \"Why don't we go inside and wash up? and we'll have dinner.\" Annie said trying to break the tension as she guided Jesse towards the house leaving Glen and Dwight. Watching Jesse go with Annie, Dwight pulls out a group of paper handing it to Glen, \"We got a little paperwork here for you.\" The african descent man said good naturedly. Letting out a small laugh Glen takes the papers from the man, \"There's always paperwork.\" ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo The next morning a light blue GMC pickup with 'Greenwood Auto repair' written on the doors, rolled to a stop just outside the main gates of the Northwest Adventure Park. Glen and a reluctent Jesse climb from the cab and head towards the back of the truck where Glen removed a bicycle from the truck bed. Handing off the bike to the boy, Glen leans against the tailgate as he gave directions for Jesse to get home when he was done for the night. \"Hey Jess, You know that turn right before the bridge? That's eighty-eight street.\" Glen said, \"My garage is straight up from there. If you go six more blocks you'll be right at the house. Think you can find it?\" Jesse remained silent as he looked at his foster father, of course he could find his way back, he just didn't care about responding. Not completely surprised by the boy's silence, Glen continued giving Jesse directions to who he was to report to once inside the park. \"When you go inside you're looking for the aquatic theater, ask for Randolph.\" With not so much as a good-bye Jesse got onto the bicycle and heading into the park. Glen let out an exasperated sigh as he got off his trucks bumper and watched the boy leave. \"Yeah, great,\" the older man said sarcasticly has he tossed he hands in the air. Inside the park Jesse rode his bike looking for the theater where Glen had told him to go, looking around as he went. Passing rides, stands and park employees, the young blond finds the theater. Dismounting the bike, Jesse heads inside bringing it with him as he secured his backpack to sit better on his shoulder. Coming from to the top of the spectator stands Jesse spots a man sweeping one of the isles. He placed the bike against a wall before going over to the man. \"Hey mister, um, do you know where I can find Randolph?\" Jesse asked slightly nervous. Pausing from his work the man replied, \"Yeah, he lives in the cottage by the water.\" Jesse thanked the man letting him to get back to his job. Grabbing his bike he left the theater in search of Randolph's cottage. Finding the small white cottage Jesse dropped his bike on the ground in the yard and went to knock on the open front door. Calling out Randolph's name, Jesse waited for a reply back. When no one answered the young boy entered the cottage thinking maybe the man hadn't heard him. Walking into the small home Jesse glanced around the immediate rooms but found no one there. Sighing from not knowing what to do now, the blond notices a small bookshelf with carvings on it. Getting a closer look he picks up one carving that looked like an oddly carved fish with a man impaled on its back. Jesse found it odd as he continued to look at it. He didn't hear or notice when a man entered the room. \"Well,\" Jesse jumped at the sound of the voice, quickly putting the carving back on the shelf as he turned to see the older native american man behind him. \"The artist returns, welcome back.\" Randolph said, his voice neutral. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo It wasn't long until Randolph brought Jesse back to the aquatic theater with a bucket of soap water and a rag. The two went down into the underwater viewing area and Jesse got the first look at the mess his friend Perry had done the other night. Spray paint scribbles and random words, some being vulgar, covered both walls and glass. He knew it was going to take him a long while to get it all cleaned up. He silently cursed his friend's name. \"We've all become great admirers of your work around here,\" Randolph told the boy patronizingly, \"But all good things must come an end. Time to let your...creativity flow backwards.\" Coming to a stop the native man turns to the boy, \"You know what to do with all this?\" Indicating the bucket of soap water. \"Yes, I do,\" Jesse replied. \"Good,\" Randolph said pushing off from the railing he had leaned against, \"See you later.\" With that he left Jesse to his work. Alone, Jesse placed the buckets on the floor and took a real look at the job ahead of him. There was alot he had to do and was not enjoying it. With a sigh he reaches into one of the buckets to grab a soap covered rag and began scrubbing. While finding the paint on the glass easier to remove Jesse notices a shadow in the tank. \"Wow,\" Pausing, he is amazed as a large black and white whale swims by the glass. He had never seen a killer whale before and was impressed by the size of the animal. Wanting to get a better look, the young boy headed up top. Coming around the railing of the stairwell he walked down the stone steps of the stands and leaned over the tank water looking for the whale. The water was smooth reflecting the sun, but Jesse could not see where the animal was. He was looking so intently that he hadn't expected the whale to jump out of the water right in front of him, causing him to jump back from surprised. Still shocked from the surprise the young blond jumped again when Randolph grabbed him by the shoulder. The older man questioned the boy as to why he was out by the tank and not cleaning up the graffiti. Understanding the boy's interest in the whale the native man didn't reprimand him. The native man leaned on the tank wall watching the large mammal swim around. \"Seven thousand pounds that one,\" He said pointing to the whale, \"jaws powerful enough to crush bones to oatmeal. Willy gets into moods, you gotta give him his space, you know what I mean? Don't bother him, he won't bother you, understand?\" Jesse looked to the older man. \"Sure,\" he replied. Randolph then leaves the boy and returns to work. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Several days pass and the graffiti is almost cleaned off. The underwater observation area was almost back to its semi-pristine self. Jesse, leaning on a ladder slowly added fresh paint to metal tank frame holding the thick pieces of glass. The bright clear weather outside cast rippling rays of light below the water as the sun shined. Pausing the young boy looked over the work he had done over the short time he was put on probation to clean up the mess he and Perry had caused. \"Almost finished with this place,\" Jesse said with a sigh. What started as a punishment the blond was starting to enjoy the work. He places the brush he had been using into the bucket of paint before pulling out the silver harmonica he kept with him at all times. As he stared into the tank and began playing the instrument, the soft melody echoing through the large room. From within the tank Willy as if hearing the music took a mighty leap out of the water. The sight was impressive to the young boy seeing the large animal from below the water surface. Wondering if the music had been heard by the whale, Jesse began playing again. Inside the tank Willy slowly swam closer to the glass letting out his own song in response to the harmonic melody. Completely enthralled Jesse tried to coax the large orca to come closer to the glass. \"Come on, Come on,\" he whispered. Intrigued the orca does get closer to the glass, whether he heard the boy calling him is unknown. Jesse once more played the melody on the harmonica and Willy swam by as he made his way around his tank still singing along. It was possibly the best thing Jesse has seen his entire life and didn't want it to end for work that was almost finished. Climbing down from the ladder and harmonica in hand Jesse headed topside to see Willy from above the water. Pausing at the top of the steps the young boy watched as the whale hung around the theater stage making squeals and squeaks that were natural orca communication. He wasted no time and climbed over the railing and headed down the theater steps to the tank. Leaning against the wall watching the large whale casually swim along Jesse once again began playing his harmonica. Willy seemed to instantly react, making a series of clicks and moved so that his head was above the surface as he eyed the young boy. The large orca singing once more to the sound from the harmonica began swimming faster. Twisting onto his back, Willy leaped out of the water landing onto his back creating a massive wave of water. The sudden wave hit the unsuspecting marine trainer, Rae as she walked around the tank and the laughing Jesse. Screaming from surprise, Rae, carrying a large box, stopped to yell at the orca, \"Well you have a nice day too, grouch!\" Jesse continued laughing as Willy went on breaching backward around the tank. \"He likes messing around with peoples heads, doesn't he?\" Jesse asked when Rae came towards him. \"Yes, he does,\" the older woman replied clearly not amused with the orca's idea of a joke, \"if I can't get him to perform, no one can. Orcas are usually nice and smart, Willy's smart and nasty.\" Rae smiles as Jesse's eyes followed the large whale as he swam around the tank, \"you really like him, huh.\" \"Yeah,\" Jesse replied looking from the tank to Rae. \"Good,\" she said passing the large box to the boy, \"you can help me.\" Confused Jesse followed. The young blond finds himself in one of the back rooms of the theater with buckets and bins of fresh dead fish. Wearing an apron he stood in front of a counter with one metal beside of a large bucket that held the fish which had been in the box he carried. Rae stood to his other side cutting off the heads of fish that sat on her cutting board. Slightly disgusted he pulls one fish from the bucket, looking it over the fish had a torn body and definitly unappealing. \"Broken belly, toss it,\" Rae said as she cut up already sorted fish. Jesse wasted no time in getting rid of the disgusting fish. Stopping from cutting she decided to show the boy what fish were good and what were to be thrown out, \"look.\" Picking up an intact fish from a pile showing it to Jesse, \"this is a good fish.\" She pulled a second fish from the bucket showing the broken belly, \"that's a bad fish.\" She tossed the 'bad' fish into the metal bin and continued cutting. Jesse found the fish gross and had a disgusted expression almost permanently on his face. \"We gotta sort out what Willy can eat from the cheap crap they buy him.\" \"Willy's a killer whale, right?\" Jesse asked sorting through the bucket tossing away the mangled fish and putting the decent ones on the counter next to the cutting board, \"so will he kill us?\" Smiling at the commonly asked question, Rae replies, \"No, orcas are just hunters,\" momentarily pausing from cutting, \"Mostly they eat fish. Well, sometimes they eat porpoises, squid, birds, sharks. But what Willy really likes is salmon, that's his chocolate.\" Relieved that orca didn't eat humans, Jesse went back to sorting fish. Rae watches as the boy pulls out a fish from the bucket playing with it. \"Kiss me, kiss me, kiss me,\" Jesse said his voice altered pretending to make the fish talk. \"Ready to get back to your painting?\" Caught, Jesse places the fish in the bin slightly embarassed. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Hours later, it's late evening at the Greenwood home. Everyone had settled for the night. From the second story, Jesse sneaks out through his bedroom window, using the eaves trough and climbs down to the ground. Taking his bike, he makes his way through the neighbourhood heading for the adventure park. A harmonic melody echoes over the calm water of the whale tank as Jesse sat on the edge of the wall playing his harmonica. His reflection clear on the calm waveless water. The quiet night is interupted as Willy leaps out of the water startling the boy who was not expecting it. He watches as the large orca swims by not the least concerned about being quiet. Completely focus on the tank Jesse was startle as a light suddenly comes on from the far entrance to the underwater viewing area. In fear of getting caught trespassing the young boy takes off running along the tank wall. The wall surface had become slippery from the tank water and moisture from the air causing Jesse to slip and lose his footing. Hitting his head from the fall he's knocked unconscious, rolling into the tank. Randolph, coming up the stairs only seconds after Jesse fell, stops at the top of the steps and looks around the theater having heard unusual sounds. He remained there for several seconds but didn't see anything other then the large shadow of Willy swimming in his tank. Finding nothing out of place the native man takes one last glance around the tank before returning down the steps, shutting off the lights as he went. Within the tank the unconscious boy sinks to the tank floor as the large whale grew closer to Jesse's body. After a moment of curious interest the orca began lifting the near lifeless boy to the surface, slowly moving towards the theater stage. Reaching the edge Willy precariously pushes Jesse onto the stage and out of the water. Using his nose the orca managed to roll the boy on to his back and remained beside the stage. Rolled onto his back, Jesse immediately began coughing up water he had inhaled, gasping for breath he notices Willy beside him. He wasn't sure what to think as he stared at the large animal, shocked that he had just been saved by the whale. \"You save my life,\" Whispered Jesse. Willy swims off as if what he did was nothing and continue his evening swim. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo \"You must have something special kid, that's why Willy didn't eat you up\" Said the Haida man as he handed the cold and soaked Jesse a cup of hot cocoa to warm up. Finding the boy in the tank he had brought the young boy to his cottage to dry off. \"What do you mean?\" Asked Jesse as he sipped from the mug given to him. \"Well, I don't know,\" Randolph replied taking a seat beside the boy on the old worn sofa, \"high blood, medicine roots.\" \"No way.\" \"Then you're just one lucky little white boy, you like the sound of that better?\" \"Willy doesn't have a problem with me, we...appreciate each other,\" Jesse said defensively. \"Appreciate?\" laughed Randolph, \"Willy saved your butt.\" Jesse huffed defiantly at the older man putting down the mug and getting to his feet moving towards the bookshelves in the room, \"you know what? I don't get why everybody around here has such a big problem with him just because he-\" \"Willy does not like visitors in his tank,\" Randolph interupted. \"Just what the heck were you doing there?\" Picking up the odd whale carving he had found the first time he was in Randolph's cottage, Jesse looked it over as he answered the older man, \"I came to say goodbye.\" He explained, \"the job is almost up, didn't want to say goodbye.\" On the sofa, Randolph places his hand thoughtfully on his chin for a moment listening to the young blond explain. \"Well just maybe...\" Jesse turns to the native man, \"what?\" \"Nah,\" Randolph just waves the thought off as nothing, \"old indian stuff.\" Seeing the boy still looking over the carving Randolph gets up from the sofa and takes the carving but not putting it back on the shelf, \"orcas.\" He said, \"ever look into Willy's eye?\" Jesse nods. \"Those eyes discovered the stars long before man was even a whisper on mother earth. They can look into a man's soul, if they want.\" Handing the carving back to Jesse continuing, \"Willy, he won't look at Rae or me.\" Randolph looked at the boy who hadn't looked away from the carving, \"Maybe he sees you.\" Not much later into the night Randolph gives Jesse a lift home. The old beat up van pulled up to the curb with a squeak of its brakes. The two look at the house seeing lights were still on. \"Looks like your parents are still up,\" Randolph commented. \"They're not my parents.\" the boy replied getting out of the van as Glen and Annie rushed outside and towards the vehicle. \"Jesse where have you been?\" Annie question looking over the boy for any injuries noticing that he was wet, \"You're soaked!\" \"I was at work,\" answered Jesse in an attempt at explaining his whereabouts. Glen stood with hand on his hips disbelieving the boy's statment, \"you snuck out of the house in the middle of the night to clean up graffiti,\" he said glaning to his wife eyeing each other, \"that's an amazing story.\" \"I fell in the tank.\" \"The whale tank?\" Annie asked obviously horrified turing Jesse to look at her. \"Will somebody please tell me what the heck is going on?\" Asked Glen as he looked from Randolph, who just joined the group, back to Jesse crossing his arms. \"I slipped and fell in the tank, it's my fault, \" Defended Jesse. \"Folks, my name is Randolph,\" Interupted the native man before a fight broke out distracting Glen and Annie for a moment. Glen turned to the man shaking his hand. \"Randolph, how are you? I'm Glen and this is my wife, Annie.\" Randolph shook hands with Annie. \"I've been supervising Jesse down at the park. He's doing a real good job. Did his clean up, helped out in some other areas and made some friends.\" Said the man as he helped Jesse earn a few bonus point with his foster parents to ease their anger a little, \"the thing is, we could use him for the rest of the summer, if that's alright with you. Make a job of it, pay him a little something too. What do you say to that?\" \"Yeah, yeah, I want to, please,\" Jesse begged as Glen and Annie looked at each other silently thinking over the idea. \"Finally found something you're into, huh?\" Glen asked. Jesse nodded smiling. \"Well it sounds okay, but days, but no more of this sneaking out at night.\" Annie added giving the final approval. \"Alright, I promise I won't,\" promised Jesse. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo The next day Jesse returns to work to find Willy being held in a net in a smaller side tank with Rae, Randolph and several other people he didn't recognize. Quietly sneaking in the back he could see that the large whale wasn't happy. Seeing one of the net tie lines the young blond pulls it hard, releasing that part of the net. He ran off and hide as Randolph notices the loose rope and began telling the others to untie the rest of the net so that Willy wouldn't get entangled. Rae and a man in business wear rush across a gangplank having left the area to talk demanding what had happen. Willy, free from the net swims out into the main tank getting as far from the net he could. Jesse, satisfied with what he had done, comes out from hiding only to bump into Randolph. \"I saw what you did.\" Jesse looked at the older man. \"So?\" \"So nothing,\" replied Randolph, glancing at Willy who was now happily in the larger tank. \"I'm sure Willy is greatful.\" Not saying anything further the native man walks past the boy leaving him to his small victory. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Meanwhile, Wade, a large balding man is walking through the park with another man dressed in a full suit, the owner of the park, Dial. \"The whale is still not performing, we're getting deeper into this and Rae keeps saying we have to expand that tank.\" \"Very nice,\" The owner commented sarcasticly, \"This is what I get for bringing the animal in to boost business. Why don't we just move him into the Ritz Carlton so I can tack it onto the five thousand I just dumped into his latest insurance premium.\" Wade laughed, \"That whale is worth more dead then alive.\" The owner paused in mid step as he turned to his assistant.\"It will cost at least a hundred thousand to expand that psychotic malcontent's playpen,\" Dial said.\"Oh God, I hate that whale.\" ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo The warf was a flurry of business as crowds garthered around various tables selling fish caught that day. The fish market was aloud with noise of venders calling out to would-be buyers, customers chatted amongst themselves. The wooden dock was slick with water and the air smelled of fish and salt water. Out into the harbour varior ships and boats travel too and from destinations. The many fishing trollers sat moured to the docks waiting for their next voyage out to sea. Many vendors tossed fish back and forth from each other for packagine to quicken sales time between customers. Vendors made a big show of it to the tourists as they snapped photos of verious fish being tossed in the air and over their heads. Jesse stood by a near by vendor talking to the owner, \"Got any left over scraps or anything? You want taken off your hands.\" \"Might have,\" the vender replied wondering what that boy wanted them for. \"Well I got a really special friend name Willy,\" Jesse explained. The vendor gave the boy an odd look, \"Why would he want scraps?\" Nervously Jesse replied, \"Well...he's a whale.\" \"A whale?\" asked the vender surprised. A few moments later the vendor hands Jesse the bundle of fish. The boy thanks the man as he carries his prize to his bicycle that leaned against the railing. \"Jess-man,\" the blond looked up from his bike when heard his name called. Perry who was Jesse's partner in crime excused himself from his friends as they continued along the dock. Hoping over the railing he greeted the younger boy, \"what's u,p man? New clothes, new gig?\" \"Staying with some people.\" Jesse replied. \"That's cool,\" said Perry as he followed Jesse back along the warf, \"what happened to ya that night, man? I saw ya get popped.\" Reminded that he was left to clean up the mess of that same night, Jesse answered, \"Not much, had to clean up all our mess.\" he shrugged non-chalantly, \"I'm working there now.\" \"They looking for me?\" the taller boy asked. \"Nah,\" Jesse shook his head. \"Cool,\" he paused, \"yea it's a total drag, man. Sorry.\" \"No sweat.\" Jesse reasured with a pat on his older friend's back. \"So where you've been staying?\" \"Dayton set me up, I'm working for him now. Looking out for cops and stuff, ya know.\" Perry said, \"I mentioned ya to him.\" Seeing Jesse hesitate, Perry added. \"I can hook ya up if you want.\" \"I gotta think about that,\" Jesse replied as he mounted his bike. \"Snooze you lose.\" \"Stop by sometime, huh,\" offered the younger boy, \"see yea around. I gotta bail.\" \"Alright man,\" Perry said as both boys shared their persoanl handshake in farewell. Perry stood on the dock as Jesse rode off. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo The calm water of the tank was churned as Willy swam around amusing himself in the afternoon sun. His fluke creating large waves behind him. Jesse watches the whale as he made his way across the theater stage with the wrapped fish he had gotten down at the warf. Unwrapping the paper he picked up one of the fish and tosses it into the tank. He pulled out his Harmonica from his shorts pocket and began to play letting Willy know he was there. He watch as Willy swam to where he had thrown the fish thinking it would be eaten. With it held in his mouth, Willy brings the discarded fish back to Jesse who sat confused with the orca's action. \"What's the matter Willy?\" Jesse asked retrieving the fish from the whale, \"I thought you liked these things.\" Willy remained at the stage edge, mouth open to be offered the fish, not concerned that the human didn't know what he was suppose to do. \"Well, um you're suppose to eat it like this,\" Jesse proceeds in showing Willy how to eat the fish. \"See?\" Willy shakes his head with a squeak and opened his mouth waiting. \"No?\" A look of understanding crossed Jesse's face as he finally understood what it was the whale wanted. \"Ooh, you want me to put it in your mouth.\" Willy nods enthusiastically with a squeal. Hesitant Jesse wasn't sure about this. \"I'll make a deal with you,\" Jesse said thoughtfully, \"Don't bite my hand off and I'll give you the fish, okay?\" Willy merely sat there with his mouth open continuing his squeaking waiting for the fish. Taking a calming breath the boy knealt down and tossed the fish into Willy's waiting open mouth. Willy submerged momentarily to eat his snack. Jesse was excited to have fed his friend and offered a second fish to the orca. As Willy swallowed his second fish, Jesse glanced around to see if anyone had been watching before returning his gaze to the whale. Cautiously moving slightly closer to Willy, the boy reached out his hand towards the orca. Ever slowly Jesse drew his hand closer hoping it would be bitten off. As if knowing what the boy intended, Willy closed the gap between them and touched his nose to the boys hand. Jesse was exstatic, he was touching a whale. Petting Willy's nose the boy noticed that orca skin felt rubbery and smooth. It was a magical moment to Jesse, he couldn't believe that he was petting such a huge animal and that the whale was letting him. Removing his hand the blond thought it was best to move on in case someone caught him. \"Well buddy, I gotta go,\" Jesse said as he gather up the paper that held the rest of the scraps he brought. \"We'll save these scraps and fishes for later.\" Willy watches as the boy picked up the bundle and walked away. Not wanting to be left alone he follows Jesse along the stage. When the boy looked back at him, he rolled on to his side. \"What? You want to go with me?\" Jesse asked amused watching the whale roll over and raised his fin in the air. \"Oh I can do that too.\" Jesse copied Willy by raising his left arm. Switching the bundle of fish to his other hand, Jesse raised his right arm and watched as Willy rolled to his other side and raised his other flipper. Jesse laughed as Willy seemed to copy his movements. Jesse began waving his hand and Willy began to wiggle his fin to mimic. Pushing a metal dolly full of equipment, Randolph spotted Jesse on the stage with Willy. Pausing the older man watched as the boy began spinning around, to his surprise when he saw the orca do the same thing and began spinning. Not wanting to interrupt the duo, Randolph quietly called Rae outside. \"What?\" Rae whispered when she joined the native man. Randolph didn't answer and just pointed. Rae was astonished at what she saw. The two watched as Willy mimics Jesse. \"Looks like Willy found himself a soulmate.\" Said Randolph. He and Rae have a laugh as Jesse and Willy were sticking their tongues at each other. \"Jess,\" Rae whispered as she approached the boy not wanting to desturb them. When Jesse looked up at her she added, \"Can you feed him?\" \"Sure I can feed him,\" Jesse answered getting up to retrieve a fish from the paper bundle he set down. selecting a fish he proceeded to toss one into Willy's waiting mouth. Seeing Rae's happy approval Jesse offered a fish to her, \"you wanna try?\" Rae hesitates for a moment and takes the offered fish. When she went to give it to Willy, the whale immediately showed his distaste and submerged. Rae slightly disappointed andJesse who was confused watched as Willy raised his tail suddenly. He began tail slapping succeeding in getting Rae as well as Jesse wet. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Later in the day after helping Rae with training Willy, Jesse was invited to Randolph's cottage. The older man lead Jesse into the living as he walked over to the small table in the center of the room. Picking up a small novel he handed it to the boy. The book was a hard cover of Haida folk tales. Jesse took the offered book from the native man and looked it over, intrigued by it. \"What's this?\" Jesse asked as he looked at the strange symbol that lay on the cover. \"I thought you would like to know what we're dealing with,\" Randolph explained, \"My father gave it to me.\" \"Thanks,\" Jesse said, touched by the gift. \"It's Haida.\" \"What?\" The boy gave the older man a confused look. \"Haida is the name of my people.\" Randolph replied as he moved further into the room to sit on a chair, \"Three hundred years ago there was so many fish in the water, my people only had to spend one day week gathering food. Everyone ate like kings.\" Jesse sat on the sofa listening to Randolph tell his tale. \"What did they do the rest of the time?\" he asked. \"Carved and painted totems, played music, told stories,\" Randolph gave a small chuckle, \"made babies.\" \"Sounds good to me,\" said the boy. \"Ska'ana,\" Said the native receiving another confused look, \"it's the Haida word for whale.\" Moving to join Jesse at the sofa, Randolph continued his story taking the book from the boy and opening it to a specific page, \"Natsilane was a Haida who live a long time ago before there were orca whales. Hunting fish with the other warriors, young Natsilane lost his way and found himself all alone. While he was searching a fierce storm began. Natsilane couldn't find shelter anywhere, but the otters came and took him away down deep under the water where he was safe for the night. After the storm, Natsilane again searched for the braves. But all he found was a huge log. He began carving a great beast in the log and tried carrying it to the ocean. Finally, he found some water, but it wasn't the ocean. The great carving sank to the bottom of this and disappeared. Natsilane sat and watched and waited and said a prayer he'd never heard before...Salanaa eiyung ayesis...\" \"...Salanaa eiyung ayesis.\" Jesse said as he continued the story to Annie later that evening, \"He kept saying this prayer. It was so weird, he never heard it before. Then it got really crazy, because the water started flying out and then this commotion started happening. Out of the water came the carving, but it wasn't a carving. It was a whale like Willy. He flew all the way down to the ocean, like a bird. Natsilane, he went after him down to the beach he got on his back and rode him all the way home.\" Holding the orca carving Randolph gave him Jesse sat on the end of his bed next his foster mother as he finished the story, \"Isn't that cool?\" \"Very cool,\" answered Annie having enjoyed listening to the story, she pointed to the carving in Jesse's hand, \"What is this?\" \"It's an orca, like Willy,\" Jesse said holding his carving as if it were precious, \"Randolph gave it to me. It's from his tribe.\" \"It's beautiful,\" Said Annie commenting on the small carving. After a moment pause she stood up and handed the book back to the boy and moved over to the door. \"Well, you get some rest.\" She paused in the door way, \"sweet dreams.\" Jesse bid his foster mother good-night as he moved over to crawl into bed, gently placing the book and carving on the side table by his pillow. Laying down he stared at the orca carving and said a prayer, \"Salanaa eiyung ayesis.\" ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo The next day the fish market was once again busy with customers and vendors. Men shouted to each other as they tossed selected fish in the air over customer heads to each other. As a large salmon was thrown through the air the second vendor was interrupted in his catch as Jesse who stood in waiting jumped forward and caught the fish. The vendors shouted as they chased after the boy. \"Hey kid! You took my fish!.\" shouted the vendor as Jesse ran away laughing. The vendor was cut off as a customer stepped in front of him leaving the theif to escape. Jesse cheered as he rode his bike over the bridge with his prize sitting in the bucket tied to the handle bars. Taking the salmon to the marine park, he climbed up a feeding tower that stood high and over the tank. Holding the salmon by the gills Jesse held it above the water as Willy's large bulk made his way over. \"I got your chocolate, buddy,\" Jesse called as Willy leaped out of the water straight up towards the offered fish. The fish dropped into the open maw of the orca as he came back down into the tank with a great splash. Randolph and Rae laughed joyously as they watched from the stage. Throughout the day Jesse, with the assistance of his older friends worked with training Willy to do tricks. Jesse tapped just in front of the orca's blowhole a couple times. With a hefty blast of breath of air, Willy knocked the hat the boy was wearing right off his head. The trio of humans laughed as Randolph caught the strewn hat keeping it from falling into the tank. The training continued well into the late afternoon and into evening. The evening Jesse sat in the stands watching his friend swim around his tank. He watches as Willy stayed around the far end of the tank closest to the ocean. The orca spyhopped and made an odd crying sound as he came out of the water. This mournful sound echoed in the theater leaving Jesse confused by the action. \"What's the matter?\" Jesse said to himself trying to understand his friend, \"what are you making that awful noise for?\" ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Couple of days later Dial made a visit to the aquatic theater to see what progress what made on the whale's training. He and his assistant sat in the stands watching as Jesse and Rae, who stood off to the side, begin the performance routine. Jesse gave the orca signals and flawlessly Willy responds to them from spitting water at Jesse to going around the tank spiting water at the invisible crowd. Willy's trick varied from tail slapping around the pool, belching, waving, barrel rolls. Jesse cheered as Willy followed each cue waving his arm in a circle telling the large orca to barrel roll. Randolph and Rae watch in anticipation as Jesse signals Willy to breach on his back at the far side of the tank where the crowd would be. The excitment grew for each cue Willy followed without fault. \"Now come to me!\" Jesse called as he gave the final signal, \"Willy!\" Without missing a beat Willy's massive bulk leaped from the water as he beached himself onto the stage. Raising his fluke the orca concluded his performance as the back wash flowed off the stage. \"And that gentlemen is our show!\" Exclaimed Rae happily. Willy waited as Jesse gave a blow of his trainers whistle before he wiggled himself back into his tank. Randolph, Rae and Jesse cheered and celebrated for completing the show for Dial. \"So you can do all that again?\" Dial asked waving his hand indicating the performance he had just seen as both Rae and Jesse stood in front of the park owner. Jesse shrugged as he nodded the afirmative to the park owners question, confident in Willy's abilities. Dial sighed.\"What you and Rae want cost a lot of money, I have to be sure.\" \"Do dogs pee on brick walls?\" was Jesse's profaned response earning him an alarmed look from Dial. Rae smacked the young boy on the arm for his comment. \"I mean, yes sir. Sure we can do it again. Any time.\" Forgiving the boy's first answer Dial still seemed skeptic but after looking to his assistant for advice in proceeding the park own came to a discision. \"We'll set it up.\" Dial said feeling pleased at the idea of making more money. \"Yes!\" Rae and Jesse cheered having received approval. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo The day of the first public performance was upon faster than imagined. Crowds of people poured into the park, cheerfully excited to watch the whale show. An orca mascot wandered through the sea of people handing out balloons to children and advertising the Willy Show. \"You'll have a whale of a time when you see me at The Willy show.\" Laughed the mascot passing out flyers with show times. \"Ladies and gentlemen, girls and boys! Please take your seats. \"The Willy Show\" will start in five minutes.\" said the announcer as the aquatic theater stands began filling as more and more guest arrived. Quickly the seats were being taken as families sat to wait. \"Just a reminder to please remain seated at all times during \"The Willy Show\". If you wish to buy Willy souvenirs, our gift shop has a great selection. It's open all day, right outside the Aquatic Theater.\" Dial stood among the growing crowd smiling as he began to see dollar signs. He was going to make lots of money on this show and couldn't be more happy. Below the stands in the underwater viewing area children and parents began filing in, hoping to catch glimpses of Willy in his tank. The shouting and cheering of children rose in volume as more and more people arrived crowding around any available space aroung the large glass windows. The sound was so loud that Willy who waited anxiously in a small side tank could hear it as it began to bother him. So long had he had the solitude of the quiet tank he wasn't use to the crowds. Children banging on the glass windows and shouting surely were not helping the matter. The sound echoed and reverberated through the water like having drums banged right by a person's ear. Backstage, Jesse was nervous, it was his first time going in front of so many people. Rae soon joined the young boy in the backroom. \"Lots of people out there. You nervous?\" Rae asked excited for the first show. \"N-no,\" Jesse replied trying to hide just how nervous he really was. With a knowning smile Rae said nothing but handed the boy a small bag. Jesse took the offered bag. \"What's this?\" \"A little present from Randolph and me.\" Said Rae as Jesse opened the bag and removed what was inside. \"hey cool.\" It was a trainers whistle, his very own whistle. Jesse was overjoyed about the gift. \"Thanks, Rae.\" Jesse said putting the whistle around his neck receiving he hair being ruffled before she left the room. Once again the announcer broadcasts to the crowd that the show was soon to begin. Testing out his whistle Jesse notices as a second person enter. \"Hey Dwight, how you been?\" Jesse greeted his case worker. Dwight laughed shaking the boy's hand, \"Jesse, now this is exciting, man. I'm real proud of you.\" receiving praise from the older man helped ease some of Jesse's anxiety. \"And now the Northwest Adventure Park proudly presents The Willy show!\" Rae with her microphone steps out on stage and greets the excited crowd, \"Ladies and gentlemen presenting the superstar orca of Northwest Adventure Park, let's hear it for Willy!\" The crowd roared with cheering as Randolph opened the gate the kept Willy in his tiny lagoon allowing the orca to swim out into the larger pool. Jesse nervously walks on stage as the large whale made his way around the tank, he too feeling as anxious as his human friend. Applause and cheers was deafening in the theater. \"This could be big,\" said Dial as he looked around the stands at all the people, \"this could be big.\" \"And this is Willy's friend Jesse, ladies and gentlemen,\" Rae continued addressing the crowd. In the stands Glen, Annie and Dwight cheered louder showing their support to the boy. \"Jesse and Willy have a very special show for you.\" In the tank Willy continued to swim around his enclosure confused by all the sounds. Squeaking nervously he swam by the observation windows looking at all the humans who crowded around them, shouting, cheering and banging on the glass. The frightening noise didn't seem to stop, leaving Willy unsure what to do. He all but ignores Jesse's attempt to call him over to the stage as the strange sounds drown out the splashing of water of the boys way of calling the whale. Noticing Willy's odd behaviour had Jesse worried, \"he's not into it. Somethings wrong.\" \"Try something simple, I'll talk,\" Whispered Rae encouragingly as she raised the mic to her mouth once again addressing the crowd. \"Willy is a twelve-year-old adolecent orca. He is 22 feet long and weighs in a little over three and a half tons.\" Randolph who stood backstage grew concerned as Willy still wasn't responding to Jesse. Eventually the large orca made his way to the stage in front of the boy, squeaking and clicking his distress. Jesse began talking to Willy hoping to get the animal to cooperate unaware of the whale's growing uneasiness. Again Willy began clicking and grunting shaking his head in frustration that Jesse did not understand what was bothering him. \"Willy, this is important to us. Please, Willy! Please! Don't blow it.\" the boy pleaded to the whale. Willy started to make his crying sound still trying to get the boy to stop the loud noise. The crowd grew unsettled as it seem to take too long for the show to begin. Rae quietly begged for things to proceed without issue. \"Come on, Willy.\" Finally with much coaxing Jesse managed to get Willy to seemingly cooperate. With his confidence renewed Jesse stood up and gave the first signal. But Willy didn't respond. Not getting Jesse to understand Willy merely swam off around the pool. The banging on the glass continued. Exasperated and losing his confidence, Jesse didn't know what else to do as he looked to Rae and Randolph for advice. The crowd grew restless and angry, some guests began booing and yelling at Jesse to get off the stage. They had spent money to see the show and not the whale swimming around his pool. Agitation grew as more and more visitors grew upset. Then in an attempt to coax the whale to perform people began clapping slowly in an ecouraging beat. It was no use, Willy just became further upset as he picked up speed as he made his way around the tank. Seeing the change in his friend's behaviour Jesse tried to get the whale to calm down, but Willy ignored him. He was obviously upset as he squealed angerly at the noise coming from the underwater viewing room. \"Like every great performer, sometimes Willy gets stage fright.\" Rae tried to explain hoping to pacify the crowd. Jesse was in a whirlwind of emotion, he didn't know what was bothering Willy, the crowd was becoming angry and he wasn't able to repeat the show he had done for the park owner. Everything was becoming a mess. While Willy tried scaring off the humans making the horrible racket by baring his teeth at them, but it didn't work. Confused, anxious and feeling like a failure, Jesse gave up. He ran off the stage upset for not getting Willy to perform. Rae tried to call Jesse back but just let him go. Watching the boy take off into the back room, Randolph felt disappointed for the boy who had work so hard. At boys exit the crowd booed louder, angry that there wasn't a show and feeling ripped off. Glen and Annie felt downcast seeing how miserable Jesse was for not getting the orca to perform. Willy grew more and more agitated the longer the noise kepted up. He had finally had it, with a strong push of his tail he rush faster at the glass. Kids continued pounding on the windows unaware that they were causing the whale's distress. They were not aware at just how upset Willy had gotten, excited that he was coming closer towards them. Jaws wide open, angerly squealing and clicking Willy rushed at the viewing glass at full speed. The crowd screamed in horror as they finally realized that Willy was not being friendly but was headed for collision with the glass. With a hard impact the agitated whale slammed into the window effectively scaring the crowd off. Spectators in the stands stood in concern having watched the whale rush at the wall. Screams of the crowd having been in the underwater viewing area were heard as children and parents ran up the stairs hurrying to safety. Dial and Wade grew concerned, what had just happened? As the viewing area evacuated, Wade quickly ran down into the observation area to find out what had happened forcefuly making his way against the stream of fleeing people. Below ground, Wade saw just how bad it was. From the impact Willy caused a large leak in his tank walls. A steady stream of water escaped from a bolt that had held the walls and glass of the tank together. A seal had broken and now the water leaked out. Defeated Wade stared into the tank unsure just what could be done. He knew Dial wasn't going to be happy at the news. Backstage unaware of what had transpired, a disappointed Jesse was finishing getting dressed. Rae tried to comfort the boy trying to get him to understand that things like that happened, but Jesse wouldn't listen. \"He just wasn't ready.\" Rae consoled, \"That wasn't your fault. You didn't do anything...\" She didn't get to finished as Jesse stormed out of the room. Jesse ran from the park kicking rocks and just about anything in his path taking his frustration out on it. Coming to a trashcan that was bolted to a post, Jesse focused his anger at it, kicking at it trying to break it off. \"Jesse!\" Dwight called as he and the Greenwoods followed the upset boy, \"I hold it, you kick it.\" Ignoring the man, Jesse gave the trashcan one hard kick finally dislodging it from the post. He watched as it bounched and rolled down the seaside hill. Glen and Annie came to comfort their charge. \"Jesse,\" Annie said softly, \"It's takes a lot of courage to do what you did, to work with an animal that's so big and strong.\" Jesse sniffled as he tried to fight off the tears. \"Maybe that whale doesn't want to be a performer.\" Glen offered in suggestion. \"Look you gave it your best shot. You worked real hard and did everything you could.\" \"And we're very proud of you,\" added Annie, \" I'd get a little nervous too, if I had to do tricks in front of those people.\" Not caring for the Greenwood's comfort Jesse stormed off to sit on a bench by himself staring out to the ocean below. Dwight offered Glen and Annie to talk to the boy and made his way to sit next to Jesse on the bench. Glen and Annie left the two to talk as they wandered up the hill. \"So what's up?\" Dwight said trying to connect with the boy, \"The show wasn't...\" \"Screw the show,\" Jesse interupted angerly, \"and screw the Greenwoods.\" \"So now they're against you too?\" Dwight challenged. \"Just like everything else.\" Dwight didn't back down. \"You know I don't think you have such a bad thing with the Greenwoods, Jesse.\" \"Then you go live there,\" the boy shouted angerly, just why can't the adult leave him alone, he thought. \"I'm sick of this place. I'm going to find my mom.\" \"You mean hit the streets again.\" \"No, I'm going to find my mom!\" Jesse threw back at the case worker. \"Yeah right.\" Dwight drawled, \" The state and federal government can't find her.\" \"I'll find her.\" Muttered Jesse. \"When will you get it?\" Dwight said growing tired of the boy's attitude, \"Your mom isn't coming back. Forgot the day she dropped you off at our door step? Forgot about that? I remember. Turned around and drove away. Didn't look around, didn't slow down, didn't even look in the rear-view mirror. Sound like somebody's mama to you?\" The older man paused to let it sink in, \"You got two people who want to be your friend. That's more than your mother ever was. You could use a friend right now, son. Because if you go off on your own, you are going to end up losing, big time. You got that?\" \"Dwight, shut up and leave me alone!\" Shouted Jesse as he took off away from the adults who tried to comfort him. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo That evening Jesse, with a packed bag goes to the park to say good-bye to Willy. With the noise long since stopped and the crowds long gone, the orca was once again back to his normal self. Sensing a change in Jesse's demeanor Willy tried to cheer up the boy, but was unsuccessful. Jesse didn't want the animal's pity and tried to get the whale to leave him be, tossing the toy he had made out of rope and soda bottles. Willy at least gotten the boy to acknowledge him and went off to quietly fetch the tossed object. Like a dog comforting its master, Willy brought back the toy coutiously not wanting to upset the human any further. He knew something was wrong with his friend but didn't know what he could do the cheer him up. \"Yea, now you want to mess around,\" Jesse said angerly, as the whale drops the toy on the stage, \"so what happened today? You choked, didn't you?\" Again trying to help the boy cheer up, Willy began spraying water at Jesse. Trying to get the boy to play with him any thing to get his friend out of his bad mood. \"Quit it,\" Jesse ordered the orca trying to get him to stop, but Willy kept on spraying him. \"Better stop that. Quit it! Willy!\" Willy stopped. Pulling out the training whistle, Jesse showed it to the troublesome whale, \"See this? It's going bye-bye and it's never coming back.\" And he proceeded to throw the whistle in the darkness. It was then that Willy began to make that crying wail he had made during the show. \"Don't start that now.\" Willy fell silent as Jesse picked up his bag. \"I'm out of here, going to California.\" The large orca as if understanding began to shake his head as if to say to the boy not to go. \"So you have a good life.\" Said his good-bye Jesse began to leave the aquatic theater and leaving Willy behind. Losing his friend all Willy could do was return to his lonely life in the park. While the young human left he went to the far end of his tank closes to the ocean as he began to hear sounds. Jesse paused from walking when he suddenly heard squeals and wails. Wiping his nose and sniffling the boy turned once more to looks at his friend thinking the sounds were coming from him. But it wasn't Willy who made those sounds as he once again began making that crying wail. Wanting to see what it was Willy seemed to be crying too, Jesse spotted the decorative Lighthouse on the stage. Climbing the ladder he stood at the top and looked out towards the see as Willy continued his mournful cry. \"Wow,\" Gasp Jesse. Out in the moonlight bay were several orca, wild orca, spyhopping and calling out as if answering Willy's cries. \"It's your family.\" Jesse couldn't believe the sight he was seeing. Willy was so close to his family and yet he was too far. It was both amazing and sad. As he watched the whales in the bay Jesse suddenly hears a sound, like a gurgling hiss type of sound like something hot in water that came from behind him. Looking over his shoulder towards Willy's tank, he saw flashes of light and the odd sound from below the water. Climbing down the ladder Jesse headed down into the underwater viewing area. There around the tank window was Wade and several men Jesse had never seen before. One of the men held a torch as he placed the white hot flame to the tank causing sparks to fly when it made contact. Jesse was confused by the mens actions as he watched. It didn't take long for the hot flame to heat of the metal bolt that secured the glass and tank wall. The man holding the torch stepped aside as a second man placed a chisel on the bolt that been torched. He began hitting the chisel with a hammer. The sound of metal colliding echoed until the bolt was pried free and fell to the floor. Jesse hid as the men finished what the were doing and lefted the observation room. Jesse came out of hiding as soon as the men were gone and once again heading into the obsevation area, to see just what the men had done. As soon as he stepped in to the large room Jesse watched in shock as a large amount of water sprayed through the cracks that were once water tight. Already a foot of water filled the room and it was rising fast. He had to get help and had to get it now. \"Randolph! Randolph!\" Jesse called as he banged on the native man's cottage door furiously. He had wasted no time running to get the older man's help. \"Randolph! Wake up! Randolph!\" Jesse continued pounding on the door as it seemed to take forever for the older man to answer.\"Wake up, Randolph!\" Jesse gave the door one last hard pound as finally, Randolph answers the insistent banging and opens the door, he didn't get a chance to asked what the emergency was as Jesse spoke, \"There's a hole in Willy's tank.\" ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo The sound of metal creaking as water continued to pour through the cracks of the tank window. Now there was two feet of water and it was still rising as Jesse and Randolph can down the stairs. Willy hovered around the glass looking in to see what was causing the sound. \"They're trying to kill Willy!\" Jesse shouted over the noise as he climbed through the railing and into the water. Randolph got his first look at how serious the situation was. \"Wade was with them?\" \"Yeah.\" Replied Jesse and handed the piece that had been hammered off to Randolph, \"and they dropped this.\" Randolph eyed the object placing it where it had originally sat, \"It's part of the tank!\" the older man said unhappily, \"Dial's trying to collect the insurance money. Willy's worth a million dollars.\" \"A million dollars?\" Jesse exclaimed as he looked though the glass at the orca who stared back at the two humans. The boy suddenly got an idea. \"Randolph, let's free him.\" \"What?\" the native asked not believing his ears. \"Let's free, Willy.\" the boy explained enthusiastically, \"We can take him down to the bay and put him back in the water.\" Randolph couldn't believe what the boy was suggesting, but then he really thought about it. It couldn't be any worse then the slow death that awaited the whale if he remained in the tank. It was decided, with a mischievous grin Randolph agreed, \"I never liked this job anyway.\" Several minutes later Rae pulled through the back gate of the park in her blue Volkswagon. Randolph and Jesse pause momentarily to acknowledge her arrival as Rae rush over to them. \"It was no accident. Dial's trying to kill Willy.\" Randolph said in explanation not looking away from putting together the whale sling that laid on the ground. \"So we're putting him back in the ocean,\" Jesse added. \"You too?\" Rae asked incredulous that the young boy was getting involved. \"And you.\" Replied Jesse. \"And me?\" Rae pointed to herself dumbfounded. \"That's right, lady,\" Randolph confirmed. Rae couldn't believe it. \"Just wait a minute,\" she said trying to collect her thoughts thinking there had to be a better idea than stealing Willy. \"All I know this whale is going to die if he's dried out too long.\" Said the native man. \"His tank is way beyond repair.\" \"He's got a family out there and I heard them,\" pleaded Jesse. \"Don't you get it? He's homesick, that's why he acts so weird.\" \"Jess-\" \"Rae, they tried to kill him!\" Cried Jesse. Seeing the desperate look on the young boy's face had Rae consider her options Randolph asked the boy to hand him the thick cable he was holding as the older man continued putting together the sling. \"Randolph, did you call the police?\" Rae asked giving up convincing them to reconsider their idea. \"What good would that do? If we don't get Willy into water, he'll die.\" Stated Randolph determined. Before Rae could respond Randolph cut her off, \"Rae, either get the heck out of here or go turn on the number two pump.\" Rae stuggled for a moment before she finally came to a discision and rushed to the pump controls and truned the large red wheel. It squeaked as she turned it. Water rushed from the pipeline into the pool. Randolph started the nearby tractor while Jesse connected the cabled to hook attachments. Raising the crane slightly, Randolph waited as Jesse and Rae manuvered the sling over the edge of the pool before he lowered it down into the water. Jesse then stood over the gate coaxing Willy to go through using a fish. Willy unconcerned swam through the opening and into the smaller lagoon eyeing the submerged sling that floated in the water. Once the whale was through Randolph quickly closed the gate. None too soon as the presure of the water finally caused the viewing glass to break under the strain. The water bubbled through the gate mesh and as the observation room began to fill with water. Worried for Willy's safety, Jesse jumped into the pool hoping to convinced the whale to go into the sling. The water level began to drop fast and time was running out. Jesse pleaded with the orca, begged him to get into the sling. Slowly, Willy did as asked and swam into the sling as the boy guided him. Moving as fast as he could Jesse dove under water to retrieve the cables and secured them to the hooks. Both Randolf and Rae struggled to hold the ropes that kept teh sling from sinking as the water left dropped and Willy's weight pulled the sling down. One by one the cables were secured and the sling was ready to be lifted out of the water. With the hooks in place Randolph rushed to the tractor and immediately started it up. Slowly and carefully he raised the crane arm, lifting the heavy whale from the tank as Jesse sat on the edge of the sling taking a ride along with Willy. Willy squealed in excitement as he was removed of the quickly draining tank. Jesse patted and rubbed the orcas back reassuring the large animal. \"It'll be okay buddy,\" Jesse said quietly continuing patting the whale, \"it'll be alright.\" Willy let out a low squeal that sounded like the word 'home'. Randolph waited in the cab as Rae and Jesse pushed the whale trailer underneath the suspended orca. Once placed the native man began lowering the sling onto the trailer as Rae guided his movements and keeping Willy from getting pinched and bumped. The trailer heaved as the massive weight was place on it nearly threatening to collapse. Jesse and Rae instantly began checking to see if the orca had been injured in the process. Randolph joined the two as they completed their check. There was one problem they forgot about. \"How are we going to pull it?\" He asked as realization dawned on the other two. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Jesse and Randolph both grunted as they struggled to push the large GMC that Glen owned, trying not to make any sound as they \"borrowed\" the truck. As the vehicle rolled further down the incline it began to pick up speed. Both boy and man had to quickly jump into the cab before it rolled too far. \"Hurry, hurry!\" Jesse shouted as Randolph place the keys in the ignition and started the desiel engine. \"I'm hurrying!\" Randolph shouted back switching the truck into reverse and turned it around with tires squealing, knocking over trash cans in the process. The noise instantly woke Glen from sleep as he rushed to the window. He couldn't believe it, unable to do anything he watched as his truck vanished down the road. Immediately he went into the kitchen and called the police. Annie who was also woken up went to check on Jesse while her husband filed the report. \"License plate number 52Zebra34Baker...that's right,\" Said Glen to the officer on the other end of the phone line, as Annie came rushing into the kitchen calling his name. \"Just a minute,\" he said to his wife, \"Just now,\" Glen replied to the officer's question. Annie pulled the phone away cutting off the conversation, \"Jesse's not here. His things are gone.\" Glen stood shocked, as if things couldn't get much worse already. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Carefully Randolph hitched the trailer to the Greenwood's truck, rushing to secure the trailer he told Jesse to take care of Willy. Jesse immediately began spraying the orca with water doing his best to keep him from drying out. \"What do you think? Do we go straight to Dawsons marina?\" Randolph asked Rae. \"Yeah, It's the only ocean access for miles.\" She answered, \"Better stick to the back roads though.\" Meanwhile as they were preparing to head out to the Marina, Glen and Annie made their way to Glen's shop. Entering the building the quickly head for the office. Switching on the CB radio, Glen spoke into the mic. \"Jesse, this is Glen,\" he said, \"If you're there answer me. Jesse, This is Glen, are you in the truck?\" \"Jesse please, answer us!\" Annie pleaded through the mic. \"Jesse, are you there?\" The call went unheard as Jesse, Rae and Randolph were busy outside the truck. Neither of them heard as the Greenwoods continued calling through the truck CB radio. Jesse hosed down Willy while Rae did medical check up on the orca. Randolph finished securing the trailer hitch making sure it won't come loose during travel. Tossing his tools into the truck bed he shut the tailgate. \"Okay, let's go!\" Rae packed up her medical kit as Jesse secured the spray tanks and sat down on the trailer next to Willy's head, do his best to reassure the whale. \"It'll be okay, boy. \"Jess, we won't let anything happen to him,\" Rae said as she reassured the young boy. \"I promise.\" As quickly as they can, the left the park. Randolph drove the truck through the gates and onto the street, diesel engine rumbled. \"What do you think?,\" Randolph confide with Rae, \"the old forest road?\" Rae looked back to the trailer behind as she replied, \"yeah, it might be the least conspicuous.\" ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo \"Nobody steals a whale.\" Dial said as he spoke into the phone. It was Wade on the other end having woken up the business man. \"But I'm telling you the whale is gone.\" Wade replied through the phone, \"The trailers out of there, the forklift had been moved. And that big mouth trainer and the Indian must have done it.\" Dial leaned back on his sofa as his plan suddenly became complicated. \"This is a disaster,\" he sighed. \"But why?\" Wade asked. \"Because we don't have theft insurance on the whale! That's why!\" Dial shouted into the receiver before adding, \"Call Wilson, tell him to bring his crew down.\" ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo The GMC continued hauling the trailer as it rounded a bend before turning onto an old dirt road. Randolph carefully maneuvered the truck along the path trying not to get anything that might flight back and hit Willy. Rae sitting next to peered at the road ahead as she notices something. \"See that?\" she asked as the truck rolled to a stop. It was a tree, having fallen some time ago judging by the plant growth along the trunk. The road was blocked off as the tree was too large to move with out heavy equipment. The trio all inspected the blockade. \"Oh no, what are we going to do?\" Asked Jesse worried that they won't be able to get Willy to the ocean. Rae sighed not know what to do. \"We'll have to back up,\" stated Randolph as there was no other choice. Rae stood along side the truck holding the flashlight lighting the road edge so Randolph could see what he was doing. Jesse stood by the trailer watching the wheels as the truck began to reverse its course before climbing back onto the trailer to watch its progress. \"Okay,\" Rae guided keeping her light in front of her as Randolph slowly backed up the truck and trailer, \"Keep going.\" Jesse sat next to Willy trying to keep him calm as Randolph struggled to see the road in the dark. \"Watch it Randolph!\" Rae suddenly shouted as she spotted the trailer tires slipping in the soft terrain. \"Stop!\" The trailer was slipping further down the slope as both Jesse and Rae shouted to Randolph to stop reversing. Partly hanging off the road the trailer stopped moving as the excitement caused Willy to start crying. Rae immediately went to check on Jesse and Willy as she looked over the trailer. Randolph ran to the back of the truck just seeing how bad things were. \"Maybe we should try taking it forward,\" The older man suggested. Rae eyed the native man with a hard look, \"If the trailer tilts any further we'll lose him, Randolph,\" She said softly. Jesse sat on the trailer continuing to calm and reassure the frightened orca. They were in trouble. As the trio tried to solve their dilemma, Glen and Annie were canvasing the area stopping at places that were still open for information on their missing truck and hopefully Jesse's whereabouts. Pulling into a One Stop gas and convenience bar they pulled to a stop as the station clerk stepped out the convenience store. \"Hey Brody.\" Glen called to the man. \"Hey Glen,\" Brody greeted. \"You heard anything about a stolen pick up?\" \"It's yours?\" Glenn and Annie nodded. Leaning forward Brody asked, \"the whale yours too?\" Annie's eyes widened, \"The whale!\" \"What?\" Glen said at the same time. Did they just hear that correctly? For several minutes Randolph and Rae try to get the trailer back onto the road. Jesse spent that time wetting down Willy so he wouldn't dry out. Randolph pushed as hard as he could against the trailer, his feet slipping on the loose soil. He tried and tried but the trailer wouldn't budge as Rae pressed the accelerator down causing the rear tires of the truck to spin as they could get any traction. After a few moments of not getting anywhere, Randolph gave up as he became exhausted. Rae shut down the truck and ran to check on the older man. Jesse stood out of the way with a concerned expression, they had to do something. Willy was getting weaker. \"We definitely hit some kind of low,\" Randolph said tiredly and short of breath . \"No question about it.\" \"We need help,\" said Rae feeling defeated. They did need help and Jesse knew who to call. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Glen and Annie had remained at the gas bar waiting for any news on Jesse's whereabouts. Annie sat worriedly in a chair absently stirring her coffee while Glen spoke with Brody and another man. \"Glen? Annie? You guys there.\" Glen rushed to the CB radio the instant he heard Jesse's voice with Annie right behind him. Thank God, Annie has thought hearing the young boy. She had been worried sick, worried that he had gotten hurt. \"Glen?\" \"Yeah, Jesse.\" Glen replied when he picked up the mic. Several minutes later, the grey station wagon drove along the dirt road as both the missing truck with an orca on a trailer and Jesse who was helping Randolph dig out the trucks tires. The car came to a stop and Annie wasted no time to climb out and rush to Jesse when he made his way to the Greenwood's car. Glen followed quickly behind and he wasn't happy about what was going on. \"So what's going on?\" Glen demanded angrily, but at the same time relieved the boy was alright. \"What the heck are you doing with my truck? And this whale?\" \"They tried to kill, Willy,\" Jesse tried explaining. \"Kill the whale?\" said Annie. \"So we're putting him back in the ocean.\" Continued the boy. Glen didn't seem to believe him so Jesse pleaded to his foster father, \"Glen, help us. Help us and I'll do anything, Anything!\" Glen leveled a look at Jesse, \"What is it you think I want from you, Jesse?\" \"I don't know. I don't know what you want from me.\" came the reply as the young boy was on the verge of tears in desperation. \"Look, I gotta look out for Willy and I gotta do what's best for him. Understand?\" Seeing the desperate look on the boy's face had Glen see a side of the boy that he hadn't seen before. All because of the whale Jesse was finally opening up to Glen and relying of him for help. Hearing the tired cry from Willy Glen heaved a sigh as he knelt to inspect the problem. \"Please, Glen, please,\" Begged Jesse. \"I'm asking for your help. He's gonna die.\" Glen stared at the upset boy, sighing when he spoke, \"There's a ten foot length of chain and winch control behind the seat in the truck. Go and get it.\" Smiling, Jesse ran to give his foster father a hug, thanking him before he ran to the cab to get the chain and winch. Annie couldn't keep the smile off her face. Rae and Randolph were relieved to get help. Rae returned to spraying water on Willy. \"Behind the seat,\" Randolph said as Glen walked past, \"the only place we never looked.\" It wasn't long until the mechanical grinding sound of a winch retracting the chain cut through the silence of night. Glen stood out next to the chain. \"Come on,\" He said motioning his hand signaling Rae to bring the truck forward. Rae sat in the driver seat with her eyes wide thinking that any wrong move could cause the trailer and Willy to tumble down into the ravine. Behind her, Annie sat with Jesse as he kept spraying the orca with water talking to him, trying to keep him calm. \"Keep going!\" Randolph shouted from the trailer tires, \"Jesse, hand me the other board.\" \"Annie, keep him wet,\" Said the boy as he handed his foster mother the sprayer. \"Coming up!\" he called grabbing a board. He jumped off the trailer handing it to Randolph, who then laid it just in front of the tire. Slowly inch by inch the trailer was back on the road. \"Annie!\" Glen called out shutting down the winch now that the trailer wasn't at risk of falling. \"Yeah?\" came the reply. \"Move your car and lock it up.\" Glen at the wheel, Annie sitting beside him , carefully backed the truck along the dirt road. Randolph and Rae stood in the bed of the truck while Jesse remained with Willy. Finally they were on their way and none too soon as it has been hours since the orca was removed from his tank. They had to move quickly for dawn was just on the verge of arriving. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo With the drawback of the trailer getting caught had shorten the window of opertunity Jesse and the other had. Dial and his crew of men we're on the charge. There were only so many places they whale could have been taken, but it was Dawsons Marina that was the closest. With his Corvette leading the way, Dial and his men crossed the bridge over the harbour, determined to find and get his whale back. With the risk of his plans to kill the whale as stake, the money hungry businessman will stop at nothing. Now he just had to find the whale. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Willy wailed as the truck came to a red light making his discomfort known. Rae concerned for the orca leaned down to talk to Glen through the open drivers window. \"Look, we got to wet Willy down completely. He's getting too dry.\" She said, \"The sun's almost up, we don't have much time\" \"Okay, I know a place we can go,\" replied Glen turning the truck at the lights. Those that were out and about had a strange sight to see as the blue GMC hauling an orca whale on a trailer pulled into a self serve car wash. Jesse sat beside his friend continuing to reassure the upset orca. Unaware of just how close things were getting neither Jesse and his friends nor Dial notice that they were only seconds from running into each. After Willy was pulled into the car wash and out of sight of the street, Dial and his men rushed by. With the power washer going, Rae hosed down Willy with as much water as she could while the timer on the machine still ran. Randolph stood off to the side holding the hose so it would not be in the way as Jesse would not leave the orca's side. Glen and Annie watched from within the cab just wondering what they had gotten themselves into. With grins on their faces as silent agreement was made, no matter what happens they wouldn't regret getting involved as they supported their foster son with a mission that was important to him. \"Jesse, open his mouth,\" Rae said hurriedly still spraying the water over the orca. Jesse did as asked giving Willy the signal for him to open his mouth. Willy did so and Rae was able to spray the water into the open maw of the whale. Rae finished hosing down the orca. \"Alright lets go.\" she said. The truck pulled out of the stall slowly as Randolph directed. A couple of fishermen heading to the warf, passed through the other stall having seen the truck and cargo pulling into the lot. \"Nice, whale.\" One of the men commented, startling Randolph who had not expected anyone to walk by. Neither one of the men seem at all surprised about seeing the orca. \"Thanks,\" Randolph replied as he climbed onto the truck. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo It was now light out, the sun still had yet to rise above the horizon. The GMC finally made it to the seaside road that lead to the marina, but they were running out of time. Willy was getting weaker, having been out of the water for the entire night. Beside the orca, Jesse grew increasingly worried for his friend. Willy whined his discomfort. \"We gotta hurry! He's not doing so good!\" Jesse shouted to Rae and Randolph. It wasn't long until the gates of the marina was in sight, but it was too soon to celebrate. Standing in waiting at the gates was Dial and his men. They had gotten to the marina first and laid in wait for the whale \"thieves\" to arrive. Glen slowed the truck to a a distance from the gates and Dial's men. It seemed as if it was all over, they can't possibly get Willy to the ocean without being stopped. Hope almost seemed to vanish at the sight of the blockade. On the trailer Jesse pleaded. \"Please Glen! Hurry!\" He shouted. Beside him, Willy grew weaker. Glen contemplated his next move, unsure of how to get by the barricade as he watched Wade waving him to stop. Hearing Jesse still begging him to hurry, Glen looked to his wife asking a silent question. \"Go for it,\" Annie encouraged as Glen shifted the gears of the disiel truck and stomping on the accelerator. The engine roared as it shot forward aiming directly for the gate. The sudden action had Dial and his men jumping out of the way as to not get hit by the truck as it sped by. Wood splintered and flew in all directions as the blue GMC crashed through the gates leaving bilwildered goons in the wake. Glen manuvered the trailer to the boat loading ramp and reversed it into the water. Dial's men quickly recovered and made their way to them. Water splashed in all directions as the trailer was submerged. The sponges cushioning Willy's form on the rough trailer were too light and began to float away. Jesse stood waist deep in water still standing on the trailer as Willy was refloated. Randolph and Rae quickly got set up to help Jesse to get Willy out of the sling. Rae quickly began with her medical check to see if Willy was alright. Annie and Glen began to climb out of the truck to find themselves in ankle deep water. Glen was not happy that over shot the distance in his haste as his truck too was partly submerged. The cab of the truck didn't take long to fill with sea water as the Greenwoods open the doors. There wasn't much they could do about that as their first prioity was getting the orca to sea as Dial's mean were quickly making their way over. They didn't have long. \"Come on, boy, come on!\" Jesse earged having seen the men. \"We got you in the water, now gotta do your part.\" Willy wasn't moving. \"Stop them!\" Wade was heard as he ran, \"Don't let that whale get away!\" Jesse grew even more worried as his friend wouldn't move, \"Randolph, why isn't he moving?\" The boy asked almost desperate, \"you said when we got him down to the water that he would be okay.\" \"I don't know, Jesse,\" Randolph replied, he too was worried about the whale, \"He's been out of the water a lot longer than we thought.\" Water splashed as the goons finally arrived. Jesse pushed as hard as he could to hurry the whale to freedom. \"Go Willy!\" he encouraged. Behind him Dial's men were causing a uproar as Glen and Annie tried to stop them from getting passed The area behind the truck was chaotic as people fought to stop each othe. One group trying to stop a whale from being freed the other tried to stop the first group so the whale could be freed. Jesse yelled as he was grabbed and pulled away from the orca. Randolph and Rae left Willy's side to help the boy who struggled in Wade's grips as he was hauled away from the orca. Rae lept on a man who was heading for the trailer. Randolph truggled as one of the goons pined his arms from behind. \"Let Jesse go!\" Annie shouted from the truck bed as she reached for Wade's jacket stopping him. Angry Glen rush to aid his foster son. \"Let go of my boy,\" He said as he slugged Wade. \"Jesse tell him to go!\" Annie shouted as she tried to pin Wade to the truck. Randolph managed to flip his attacker over his shoulder and into another man while Glen and Rae fought with the other men to keep them from going after Jesse. Jesse swam over to the trailer shouting to Willy. \"Go Willy, come on, please go,\" the boy begged as he pushed with all his might to get Willy out of the sling. Finally after a long wait, Willy moved. Having regained his strength and with the water for buoancy the orca moved off the trailer. Slowly the whale moved away from the noise and fighting. Holding onto the orca Jesse encouraged and praised Willy as he continued to move away from the trailer. The water became deeper and Jesse knew this was where he had to part ways. \"I love you, Willy.\" Jesse said as he let go of the orca. He tread water watching as Willy continued heading out into the harbor and hopefully to sea. \"Go, Willy, Go!\" shouted the others as they continued to hold of Dial's men. They watched as the whale made his way to freedom. The orca's bent dorsal was all they could see as Willy swam further and further away. They cheered along with Jesse having succeeded. But it was short lived. Two small fishing vessels sat at the mouth of the marina. They moved across the mouth trailing nets behind them creating a blockade to prevent the whale from leaving. Jesse was devastated, there was no way Willy would make through in time. The group watch as both boats passed each other effectively closing the exit off. Dial stood smuggly on the ramp as Wade and the rest of his men made their way out of the water. \"That whale's not going any where.\" He said, \"The water is twenty feet deep, those nets will touch bottom, and close it in.\" \"No,\" said Jesse as Willy's dorsal fin vanished beneath the surface. Glen and Annie pulled the boy out of the water and onto the truck. They watched helpless as Willy still continued on/ Willy swam towards the nets as the men on the boats shouted and slapped the water with oars, sticks and other objects. He bumped into the nets themselves hoping to swim through them, but it was no use. He then moved away from the nets and boats to look for another way. Seeing this, Jesse immediately jumped off the truck and headed to shore. He ignored his foster parents calling to him as he ran along the marina shore. The had to be something he could do. He called out to Willy trying to get the whale away from the boats and away from the nets. \"Come on, Willy! Follow me to the break water!\" Jesse shouted running, \"Get away from those boats, they're dangerous!\" As if hearing the boy, Willy moved away from the docks and boats and headed in the direction Jesse was heading. His large body cut through the water like a life as his tale powered him forward. Willy followed Jesse further into the marina. \"Come on boy, come here,\" Jesse said having ran along the break wall and reaching the water. Kneeling down he splashed the water coaxing the orca to him. Willy came closer to as far as he could to the boy. \"I'll miss you.\" Sniffled Jesse as Willy wailed in response. \"Don't forget me, okay? I won't forget you.\" Fwoosh, Willy spouted as he floated in the water. Jesse sobbed unable to keep from crying as he continued to say his good bye to the orca. \"Say hello to your mom for me. I really love you, boy. I believe in you. You can do it. You can be free.\" Willy nodded as is if in reply. \"You can jump it,\" said Jesse determined as he gave the signal to jump. With one more spout of air Willy bobbed in the water has he turned, his fluke again pushed him forward. He moved along the break wall following as Jesse ran along calling out, encouraging him, believing in him. Willy turned away from the break wall seeing the boy climb a top the wall. At the boat ramp both groups stood in suspense at Jesse wondering just what it was he was planning. Jesse continued running along the break wall find a place where he knew Willy could jump over. He scattered resting gulls as he made his way through. He came to a stop a much lower section of the break wall and turned to see that Willy was swimming away from the wall itself. \"Come on, Willy! You only have to do it once! Just once!\" Jesse called thinking Willy was ignoring him. With one last spout of air Willy vanished beneath the water leaving his wake trailing behind. Below the surface Willy kicked with his fluke swift and powerful slowly moving faster as he distanced himself. Turning around he continued the speed through the water building momentum. \"Randolph, have you ever seen him jump that high?\" Rae asked nervously standing chest deep in the water beside the native man. \"Things can happen.\" He replied. Jesse stared at the water unable to see Willy. He hoped the orca would make the jump, no he believed Willy could do it. \"Salanaa eiyung ayesis!\" Jesse whispered not breaking his intense stare into the water and with a strong swing of his arm he once again gave the signal for Willy to jump. \"Salanaa eiyung ayesis.\" Prayed Randolph as he stared believing in Willy to make the jump. ...Salanaa eiyung ayesis... The words seemed to echo through the air as if it were a spell, casting it's power. Jesse stood firm on the wall putting any ouce of power he had into the prayer as it continued to echo. The air seemed to thicken with suspense as everyone was unable to take their eyes off the water and breaker wall. ...Salanaa eiyung ayesis... With powerful strokes of his tail Willy swam hard and fast. Water sprayed as the orca broke through the surface taking a mighty leap into the air, higher then he's ever jumped before. Higher and higher he rose. To everyone's shock they watched as Willy leap high over Jesse who still stood firm, and high over the wall. Jesse cheered as the massive body of the orca soared over him. He cheered as Willy landed with a massive splash into the sea on the other side. Willy had done it, he had jumped. He was now free. Dial and Wade stood shocked, jaws slack. They could not believe what they had seen. Glen, Annie, Rae and Randolph cheered and celebrated in amazement and joy. It was a remarkable jump and Willy had done it. They couldn't be more happy. Dial stood in defeated stupor. He was ruined, without that whale he could not have it perform and make money. Without that whale to be killed by \"accident\" he couldn't claim the insurance money. He was ruined, by a snot nose brat. He was defeated by that whale! \"God, I hate that whale.\" Jesse watched happily on the breaker wall as Willy breached as if he too were celebrating his freedom. The boy's happy smile soon drooped to a small frown as he realized this was really good-bye. Saddened he still looked out to the sea, no longer able to see Willy who had vanished beneath the waves. \"Good-bye, Willy. I'll miss you. I hope we can see each other soon.\" Whispered Jesse as tears spilled from his eyes, \"Love you.\" \"Hey, Jess,\" Annie said softly as she and Glen joined the boy on the breaker wall. With a small smile Jesse turned to his foster parents. \"Thanks guys,\" He said, \"Thanks a lot.\" He then embraced both parents in a hug. Hearing the almost human crying of Willy in the distance, Jesse looked out to the water. \"So long Willy.\" \"Hey,\" Annie said quietly run her hand through the boys hair motherly, \"let's go home.\" Jesse looked up to his foster parents and answered. \"Okay.\" Somewhere as the sun began set, illuminating the sky in a warm orange glow as is sunk lower behind distant mountains, the evening silence was broken. Calm waters were pierce but black knife like dorsal as one by one orca broke the surface. Fwoosh, the sound of their breath filled the air. One after another dorsal fins cut through the water as each orce came up for a breath. The large towering fin of a large male to the smaller fins of females and calves, one by one they were silhouetted by the fading light. Among this group of orca they welcome the return of a missing family member as a familiar bent dorsal too broke though the surface. Fwoosh. Then they were gone. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo When Jesse ended his story on a memorable happy note, a day like so many he would never forget. Coming back from the past the older man had to laugh as he spotted the wide eye expressions his sons had. \"That's how I met Willy,\" Jesse looked from boy to boy happy to see they were not bored hearing about their dad's childhood. \"Wow, dad,\" Tyler said, his jaw hung slack in amazement, \"You were so cool!\" Taylor second his brother's statement smiling brightly as he nodded. Jesse laughed at his sons reactions to the story. Jesse laughed, \"I guess you could say that.\" \"Did you ever see Willy again?\" Taylor asked wanting to hear more. \"Well...\"Jesse began thinking about his past. He had a lot to tell and the boys both seem interested. With a happy sigh he gave his sons a warm smile. He made himself comfortable and turned the page of the photo album. This was going to be a long day. Seriously it took me forever to write out that movie scene by scene. It took up so much energy to write i have to take a break from Twin Tides next chapter in order to get my creativity back. This is also 100x more than i've ever written for one chapter...kind of not looking forward to the next chapters i plan to write. Side note: For US residents only Free Willy the animated series first season is available on Amazon and itunes direct download. Those of us that aren't US...we get to grumble and stare jealously. There's also Portuguese dubs of the episodes on youtube for those that speak the language. please ignore any spelling mistakes this literally killed my spell checker and fan-fiction's spell checker i tried to catch all i could find...too exhausted. Like it? Love it? Hate it? Rate it! Lemme know what you think![Chapter 3] Sloth: Hey guys sorry for the delay, been caught up with work and recovering from christmas in retail...would not wish that on my worst enemy. As i mentioned in Twin Tides, i now have the episodes of the cartoon so when i can between work i'll get them written out. Just so you know every line they say is in fact the actual lines from the cartoon and books. Unfortunately Warner Bros. Had encrypted the episodes to not be able to be converted or uploaded, so i won't be able to get them on youtube. The first season is still available on Amazon and itunes for US residents or if you're like me and have US friends use their itune account and buy them, remember you need a US itunes card to purchase them. so if anything offer to pay your friends to get it. Many thanks to my pal Laryssa for the great fan art! That said here's Chapter 2 of Ska'ana Tales and the first episode of the cartoon. please note that from now on until the i get to the second movie i will not be having those mini scenes with Jesse and the Twins as it will be a continuous story. Without further a due, Enjoy! Free Willy - Ska'ana Tales Chapter 2 – Truth Talker Jesse had gotten settled as comfortably as he could in the small fort, built originally for two twelve year old boys. With the twins on either side eagerly waiting for him to tell more of his adventures with his best friend and equally adventurous orca, Willy. \"It wasn't long after that I got to see my best friend again,\" Jesse began as he flipped the page of the album to one that held pictures of him and his foster parents standing in front of their new home. \"Your grandparents and I moved to the San Juan Islands soon after and lived in a large cottage home that Glen had gotten from a relative.\" \"How soon after did you see him again?\" Asked Taylor. \"Almost immediately,\" Jesse answered with a smile, \"Our home was right on the shore of Misty Island. One day I was helping Glen fix up the boat house for his business, we were taking a break for lunch and sitting on the dock. I played the harmonica a lot as a kid and one song I played while I was working at the theme park.\" Tyler with wide eyes said, \"So Willy heard the song and came!\" Jesse laughed, \"Pretty much, it was a surprise like no other to go from eating lunch to practically having an orca in your lap. We spent everyday after that together, when I went to school Willy would go out to sea to find food or visit his friends.\" \"So cool\" the twins whispered to each other. \"A couple years after moving there, Randolph had gotten me a job at the Misty Island Institute for Oceanic Research,\" The forty-seven year old thought back to that day, remembering some moments as if it were happening right that moment, \"Though my first day impression didn't start off to well.\" ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo It was afternoon on Misty Island when Jesse rushed home from school, it was close to summer and school was almost finished. That was far from young Jesse's mind at the moment, there was only one thing that took precedence over everything. Dropping his bicycle next to the front deck off the house, the young blonde boy ran across the yard, removing his jacket, bag, shoes and socks along the way. Turning the corner of the boat house, he had removed the jeans he was wearing revealing that he wore his swimming truck underneath. Leaving his t-shirt on, Jesse continued his mad dash to the dock, grabbing his mask and snorkel along the way. Running to the end of the dock Jesse jump high and far out to the water. He never touched the water as a massive Orca jumped from beneath the waves and caught the young boy on his back before diving below. Jesse held on as Willy jumped in and out of the water just enjoying themselves. With a final leap the two friends dove below, under the sea to swim among the coral and rocks. Jesse changed position from riding on Willy's back to holding onto his dorsal as the young orca swam in and around the kelp. Jesse loved to swim with his best friend. Willy once more leaped from the water and diving once more as his friend held on tightly to his dorsal fin. Jesse released his grip of the orca's bent fin, watching as the whale continued to swim in around the rocks eventually losing sight on where Willy had gone. Looking from where he float, Jesse couldn't see any sign of the black and white whale as he waited for his return. His focus ahead of him Jesse never saw the object behind him until the last minute. The boy turned sharply as the sound of a orca squeal right next to him. Startled, Jesse's vision was filled with the massive black form of Willy. The blond boy quickly calmed down and swam up to sit just in front of the orca's dorsal. With a happy squeal as if laughing at his own prank, Willy began to swim off towards the surface with the human. Fwoosh. Willy expelled air from his blowhole as he broke the surface taking a new fresh breath of air. He remained at the surface just casually drifting along with the current. Removing his mask, Jesse too inhaled a fresh breath of air, \"ah, this is just the way we like it huh, Willy?\" Jesse asked his friend, leaning back against the bent dorsal. \"I'm glad Annie and Glen decided to move near the ocean. Glen loves working on boats and Annie is so busy at the newspaper. It leaves plenty of time for us to have fun.\" Willy splashed his tail on the surface and squeaked with delight, as though he understood everything Jesse had said. \"Out here we're completely free, with the whole ocean to ourselves. Nothing to do but-\" The sound of a watch beeping interrupts what Jesse had wanted to say. \"uh-oh! I'm late for my new job!\" Leaning over to look his large friend in the eye, Jesse pointed his finger in the direction he wanted to go and shouted with urgency in his voice.\"Yo, Willy, let's go!\" Unsure what was so urgent, Willy wasted no time to swim off. With a strong sweep of his tail the orca rocketed forward almost causing the boy on his back to fall off. But Jesse was no novice and quickly regained his position and held on as the orca rushed off. OoOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo \"Ahem, 70% of the Earth is ocean, so we have a big job here at the Misty Island Institute,\" said Mr. Naugle, the director of the institute as he spoke to a group of potential investors, clearing his throat he continued his speech as a video of the local sea life played on the projector, \"We study all the animals that live in the sea and in the forest along the shore. It's all part of the Misty Island oceanic part.\" Turning off the projector and switching on the light the director again cleared his throat and addressed the group, \"Now then lets walk out to the healing pond, where sick animals get expert care.\" Leading the group from the room the grey haired man checked his watch for the time, \"oh, I see it's feeding time.\" The healing pond was alive with activity as various creatures wandered around the decks and in the small lagoon. A small group of ducks waddled and quacked across the dock as one flapped its wings as if it were in an animated conversation with his fellow ducks. The noisy fowl waddled past one of the institute's marine specialists, Marlene as she carried a small box of medical supplies. Having placed the new box onto a table, Marlene went about her duty of feeding the animals staying in the pond. Coming across a small sea turtle with a bandaged flipper she paused to pick it up, \" Not so fast, Speedy\" Marlene said as she placed the runaway turtle into a nest box, \"That leg won't be better for another week or two\" Marlene's feeding duties was again interrupted as the resident sea lion returned from a swim and began barking to get attention as she slowly dragged herself onto the dock. \"The old injured sea lion trick, huh?\" Marlene said not falling for yet another attempt at getting a free meal. \"Sorry, Lucille, only sick animals get fed. Mr. Naugle's orders.\" Moving the feed bucket out of the sea lion's reach. Lucille, was a sea lion that lived at the institute. She was very curious and always getting into mischief. Begging for food was a daily routine of hers. She barked at Marlene as if to continue her \"injured\" routine, holding up a flipper as if to show where she was hurt. Marlene chuckled at the attempt, \"I know, Lucille has a boo-boo.\" Lucille groaned in reply adding to her ploy. \"Well, okay, just one,\" Marlene said giving in and pulled out a small fish from the bucket and tossed it to a suddenly recovered Lucille. Lucille quickly swallowed the treat happily. \"Well, this is the healing pond.\" Came the voice of Mr. Naugle as he lead the tour from the main building. \"paid for by your very charitable donations. It's filled with little animals that need that need your help. When they are better they simply swim out to sea.\" At that moment Willy, with Jesse on his back, jumped out of the water. The small group of people shouted in surprise and terror as they were splashed. \"Oops, sorry, excuse the whale,\" Jesse called out as waved to the group. \"That's not just a whale, that's a killer whale,\"Marlene accused pointing a fish at the blond boy as Willy swam up to the dock far more calmly than his entrance. \"It's all right. Everything is under control.\" Mr. Naugle assured the people as he ushered them back into the building. Many of them sighed with relief. Mr. Naugle glared at Jesse and Willy before joining the group inside. \"What's everybody afraid of?\" Jesse asked Marlene, not seeing what the big deal was. \"It's only Willy.\" Willy happily squeaked at the sound of his name. \"Willy?\" Marlene replied, not at all liking the young boy's carefree attitude. \"Yeah, he's my best bud.\" Jesse answered, patting the orca, who squeaked. \"Well, I don't mean to be rude, but you'll have to get your \"bud\" away from the healing pond. Animals come here to get help, not to be a killer whale's lunch!\" Marlene snapped angrily as she tossed a pelican the fish she was holding. Lucille watched pitifully as other animals were getting fish and she wasn't. Apparently not caring that there was an orca close by as she tried to steal the remaining fish Marlene had, forcing the dark skinned woman to hold it up out of the thieving sea lion's reach. \"Aw, Willy wouldn't hurt a fly,\" Jesse argued. \"He's just a big pussycat, aren't you, Willy?\" Willy \"smiled,\" showing his big razor-sharp teeth. Lucille wasn't amused as she barked loudly at the orca. The sea lion then slapped the orca hard on his nose leaving Willy bewildered by the sea lion. \"Oh, Lucille, watch out!\" Marlene shouted worried for the sea lion, who walked over to her and continued barking from behind Marlene's legs. Jesse laughed, \"Willy's just teasing.\" The blond continued lounging on Willy's back, truly not seeing any issue, Willy squealed in response. \"She'll have to get use to your dry sense of humour, huh Willy?\" Lucille merely glared at the orca. \"Say, you're not the new kid that Randolph hired?\" Marlene said eyeing the boy. Just then, Randolph, the Manager of the institute, walked over. \"Ah, Marlene, I see you've met Jesse. He's going to help us take care of the animals here.\" \"Hi Randolph, sorry we're late,\" Jesse greeted his friend finally joining the adults on the dock. \"But Willy and I will be on time tomorrow and everyday for the rest of the summer, right bud?\" Jesse winked to the whale, who squeak and squealed as he nodded. \"Jesse will be a big help to us around here, Marlene\" Randolph explained as he gave an eagerly waiting Lucille a treat. \"We need all the help we can get, that's for sure. But he has to keep that killer whale away from my babies,\" Marlene said, pointing to the sick animals. \"Yeah, yeah,\" Jesse replied. \"Everything will be okay, right Jesse?\" Randolph asked pointedly, knowing full well of the boy's attitude towards authority. \"I just said 'yeah, yeah'\" the boy responded not liking how everyone was thinking Willy was going to hurt the other animals. The sound of a truck horn caught Randolph's attention away from Jesse. \"Come on, Marlene. We have to unload the supply truck.\" the older man said, \"Jesse, you can start by feeding these fish to the animals.\" Marlene and Randolph headed over to a truck to unload, leaving Jesse to his job. \"She doesn't like us, does she?\" Jesse said as he grabbed some fish and turned to feed the animals. Grabbing a couple more fish he gave them to Willy, \"Ah, who cares, right Willy?\" ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Meanwhile, out deep beneath the waves, fish scattered in terror as a large silhouette appeared from the dark depths. Made of metal, propelled by engines, it was no natural creature of the sea, it was a submarine, near silent as it glided through the water. Large menacing fins protruding along the bow of the craft that stretched from the nose to partly along the sides, cutting through the water like a knife. Within the craft, on the bridge, sat a lone figure. Staring out through the large glass windows of the submarine, fist clenching. \"Is my mining robot ready?\" \"Yessss, ssir,\" replied a gelatinous creature as it handed the man a canister. Taking the canister, the man pressed the nozzle on top and sprayed the contents into the joint of his right arm. Mechanisms shifted and moved as the man flexed his mechanical arm. \"Here's where we dig: The Misty Island Oceanic park,\" The man explained pressing a button on the console in front of him, turning on one of the many monitors, \"Three hundred thousand square miles of government-protected seabed. Untouched since time began.\" On the screen was the aerial view of the Misty Island Institute. A targeting cross-hair was smack dab in the middle of the healing pond. The screen then switched to a schematic of a unfriendly looking machine. \"My cyberbot mining machine can process two tons of gold baring ore every minute. It'll be like ripping money right out of the earth,\" the man eagerly explained his plan, \"and if that rotten whale shows up, I'll take care of him too.\" Pressing a button the screen switched to the design schematics of an advance torpedo, modified to chase after a specific target. \" A whale seeking torpedo!\" He clenched his mechanical fist tightly in restrained anger. \"I owe that bucket of blubber for what he did to me.\" The submarine continued on through the water, passing the tranquil coral scenery. Seaweed and anemone rocked in the current as small fish flitted in and around. \"Prepare the mining bot.\" The Machine ordered. Large hull doors on the belly of the submersible shifted and opened revealing a smaller mechanical craft. Mechanisms hummed as the mining bot lowered from the sub interior. As the mining bot separated from the hatch the headlights switched on, illuminating the seafloor ahead. Engines whirred to life pushing the vehicle further into deeper water. The man pressed a button on the console initiating the mining program, the cyberbot began lowering toward the sea bed. Four struts extended from the belly of the mining bot supporting the craft as it settled. Sand and sediment billowed in a cloud from the impact of the landing. Fish swam around unaware of the machines presence as two claw-like arms stretched from either side of the cockpit. The arms began digging and scraping through the soil scattering the schools of fish. The digging increased causing the cloud of debris to grow larger and larger, killing any fish caught within it. The serene background became a suffocating prison with the wildlife caught in the middle of it. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo The Healing Pond was quiet this time in the afternoon. Jesse was finishing feeding the injured animals that currently called the pond home. As he worked, his best bud, Willy was taking lazy laps around the small cove. Amusing himself while Jesse worked. Lucille investigated the various barrels and buckets looking for fish. Hoping to trick Jesse into giving her food. Seeing only one fish left in the bucket, Lucille thought it was her lucky break. That is until Jesse gave the fish to Willy. \"Uh oh. You ate all the fish, Willy,\" Jesse said as the orca quickly swallowed the snack. Lucille wasn't having any of it. Barking loudly the sea lion confronted the orca. Angry that the killer whale got to eat the fish and not her, Lucille dove into the water heading out to sea. Both human and orca were surprised at the upset sea lion not sure what had gotten into her. Willy squealed as if laughing it off. The blond teen looked to his watch to see how late int he day it was. The sound of a trucking pulling away caught the boy's attention. The truck drove off revealing a newly unloaded barrel of fish. \"Ha, a fresh supply,\" Jesse said with a grin, to willy he added, \"You're gonna like working here.\" Using a moving cart, Jesse wheeled the barrel to the end of the dock. Willy with a wide toothy smile watched his friend open the new barrel. After wrestling the lid off the barrel, Jesse chuckled at Willy's excitement. \"What a mooch. Sorry Willy, these are for the others.\" Willy squeaked in disappointment of not getting anymore free food. But it was momentary, while Jesse began to feed some of the other animals, Willy eyed the full barrel, As stealthy as he could the orca lifted himself out of the water. Reaching over the dock, Willy grabbed the entire barrel with his teeth and emptied it into his mouth. He returned the now emptied barrel back on the dock and with a 'I didn't do anything' squeak swam off into the cove. Just as Jesse came back for more fish the could do nothing but smile his best bud's mischievousness. What was he going to do with that whale, oh, well, what's done is done. With the fish all gone, thanks to Willy, Jesse's list of chores was shorter. It didn't take long for the blond to complete the list and by then it was mid afternoon. Plenty of time to horse around. \"Cannonball!\" Jesse shouted as Willy tossed him into the air. Curling tightly into a ball the young teen laughed as he hit water, creating a massive splash. Shielding herself and the injured duck from the same splash. \"Uh. Jesse, we try to keep the Healing Pond...safe and peaceful, okay?\" Marlene said not amused as Jesse surfaced, spitting water out of his mouth. Jesse glanced at Willy. \"Sorry, bud, no more cannonball splashes.\" Willy squeaked in understanding as he scooped the boy onto his nose and lift Jesse onto the dock. \"You oughta chill out. Marlene-you know, have a little fun? Do a few cannonball splashes?\" Willy squeaked to show his agreement. \"I don't have time for fun. I'm working here, I want to make a difference.\" Marlene said placing the duck into a nesting box, \"The ocean is a mess, Jesse.\" Jesse rolled his eyes, \"I suppose you're gonna blame, Willy.\" Marlene smiled as she shook her head. \"No, Jesse, I blame us. We need to clean it up, before it's too late.\" \"Looks alright to me.\" Said the blond sitting on the dock. \"Well it's not.\" Marlene continued as she sat beside the boy. \"Everyday people dump junk in it: oil, chemicals, garbage.\" \"I know, all I said was don't be so serious about it.\" \"If we keep polluting, soon it will even harm Willy.\" Marlene reasoned. \"I call that serious.\" She left Jesse to think about what she said as she returned to work. The idea of Willy being hurt didn't sit well. \"It's okay, Willy, there's nothing to worry about.\" Said Jesse reassuringly, as to who he was reassuring, Jesse didn't know. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Out in the ocean, Lucille swam along looking for food. She saw several fish and race to catch them. Weaving around rocks and coral, she chased the fish halfheartedly, playing in the open sea. Schools scattered and regrouped trying all they can to get away from the hungry sea lion. Lucille kept with them as they weaved through kelp, under rock arches. The hungry sea lion was about to grab one of the many fish, when a shadow loomed over her. Food forgotten she froze in shock at the sight of the object. Lucille suddenly found herself face-to-face with a huge machine. Spotlights blinded her and in seconds the iron claws grabbed her, along with mound of dirt and loads of other sea animals. It was the mining cyberbot. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo When Mr. Naugle came outside , he discovered an empty barrel with large teeth marks. And he knew just who had done it. \"He has eaten the entire day's supply of fish!\" He shouted. \"Willy?\" Jesse replied innocently. \"Nah.\" \"I know a killer whale's teeth marks when I see them.\" Mr. Naugle exclaimed, pointing towards the swimming orca as he continued, \"Jesse, we cannot afford to feed...Tyrannosaurus Whale, here. The whale goes, comprende?\" Willy squealed in surprise. \"If Willy goes, I go!\" Jesse shouted feeling insulted for his friend. He was just messing around, no harm done. Sure the feed supply was gone, but that wasn't a big deal. \"Fine, I'll take you both off the payroll,\" Stated the institute director as he wrote on his clipboard. \"Fine!\" Jesse growled as he grabbed his snorkel gear. \"We got better things to do anyway. Yo, Willy!\" Willy angrily squealed as he popped up on the dock. His sudden appearance startling Mr. Naugle, leaving the man surprised at the behaviour. \"Let's go!\" Shouted Jesse angrily as he climbed onto the orca's back. Willy moved away from the dock and with a slap of his tail on the ocean surface created a big wave to splash all over the director. Mr. Naugle shouted as he was drenched completely. He did not appreciate the childishness of the pair. \"Why is Jesse leaving?\" asked Randolph as he and Marlene returned from unloading supplies. Having missed the little altercation between director and teen. Wringing out as much water as he could Mr. Naugle casually replied. \"Oh, the boy just quit his job.\" The three watched as the boy and orca headed out to sea. Marlene crossed her arms remaining silent, it was good riddance in her opinion that the two were gone, especially the orca. Randolph merely sighed as he shook his head in disappointment. He thought for sure Jesse would have been a big help to the institute, but he guess some things don't change. Willy swam further away from the Healing Pond with Jesse. It was better out here, no rules, just the open sea. \"From now on, it's just you and me, Willy. And that's the way we like it.\" Jesse said as he place his diving mask over his eye sand nose. Willy squealed and clicked in response. They dove under the water and swam side-by-side along the bottom. Seeing a group of rocks, Jesse swam off, away from Willy and hid in an underwater cave. The blond should have known it wouldn't take long for the orca to find him as Willy partly breached in the large pocket of air. The boy followed Willy out of the cave and to a kelp forest. Being much slower than the orca, Jesse lost sight of Willy as the black and white whale swam around a large rock. He paused looking around the area for any sign of his friend. Willy hid behind the rock, playing a trick on Jesse. He was going to swim out and scare his human friend when he saw something at the corner of his eye. Turning his head to look, Willy let out a surprised squeak. His game forgotten, the orca veered off toward the sea floor. Jesse who had found Willy hiding was confused at his friend's behaviour. Curious, the boy followed the orca as quickly as he could. Jesse soon saw what Willy saw. It was Lucille and she was hurt. Quickly and carefully as he could, Willy scooped the sea lion onto his nose and headed for the surface, Jesse following closely behind. As they broke through the surface, Lucille took a breath, but she was badly hurt. She remained limp as Willy started moving towards Jesse. \"Lucille!\" Jesse exclaimed as the orca brought the unconscious sea lion over to him. The boy took Lucille from Willy, \"she's hurt bad.\" The sea lion then began moving around in a panic, barking in pain as she struggled. She once again collapsed in Jesse's arms as he held her above the water. \"It's going to be okay, Lucille,\" Jesse calmly reassured her, \"easy girl, eeeasy.\" \"Take her to Randolph, take her to Marlene!\" \"Huh?\" He did a double take at Willy, he thought he heard the orca speak. Jesse's jaw dropped. \"Willy?\" Willy, who was just as surprised didn't reply as he swam off under the waves before coming back towards Jesse, scooping both human and seal lion onto his back. Willy began swimming as fast as he could back towards the shore, careful not to knock either Jesse or Lucille off. Jesse was still in shock, \"Did you just-speak to me?\" \"I always speak to you,\" Willy replied just as shocked, \"but for the first time-we understand each other.\" \"But how, man?\" Jesse began to answer when he heard Lucille whine. \"Help...me...machine hurt me...please, help.\" \"Am I losing it, or did you two just...talk to me?\" Jesse asked beginning to freak out a little, \"Lucille, talk to me.\" Lucille's sea lion bark was all the boy received. \"Willy? Can you still understand me? Come on, you guys.\" Willy's excited squeaks were the only answer as the orca swam faster towards shore. Jesse sighed in defeat, \"Oh, well, must have bumped my head or something.\" ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo At the institute, Randolph assisted Mr. Naugle with his reports and supply lists while Marlene went about her duties. It was quiet now that the boy and whale were gone. There were no complaints about that from Marlene, but Randolph wanted the director to reconsider giving the boy a another chance. \"I'd like to give him a second chance, Randolph,\" Said MR. Naugle as he wrote on his clipboard. \"But Jesse and that whale are nothing but trouble.\" Pausing from her work, Marlene looked up and out to sea and spotted something on the horizon. \"Uh oh, trouble's back.\" She wasn't happy to see the two coming back towards the Pond. \"I knew he'd come back,\" Randolph replied, using his hand to block the sun and get a better look at the boy and orca. Then something caught his eye, \"something's wrong.\" Willy raced closer towards the institute as Jesse held onto Lucille, bracing himself against the orca's dorsal fin. The two were now better seen by those on the dock. Marlene spotted what Jesse was holding. \"It's Lucille!\" She shouted. As soon as Willy splashed to the dock, Jesse handed the injured sea lion over to the adults. Randolph and Marlene wasted no time and worked quickly to bandage Lucille's wounds. Once bandaged, Lucille was laid on the shaded section of the dock to rest. Marlene gave the injured sea lion a pat on the head as she groaned. \"Sharks didn't do it. Wonder what she got into?\" Randolph asked. \"The important thing is, Lucille's going to be okay,\" said Marlene as she joined the others. \"Thanks to Jesse and Willy.\" Randolph added, patting the boy on the shoulder. The institute director cleared his throat as he looked at his watch, \"Well, I'd better order more bandages.\" He chuckled. Jesse and Randolph watch as Mr. Naugle walked off. Jesse began to wonder about the director's sanity. But that wasn't important, right now he needed to talk to Randolph. Pulling the native man aside to talk to him privately. Marlene continued tending to Lucille. \"There, there Lucille, It's alright, girl.\" She said reassuringly. Randolph followed the young boy to a small clearing beside the medical shack. Pine trees cast shade across the grass. The Healing Pond and open ocean could be seen in a panoramic view. A picnic table sat in the centre shaded comfortably by the small line of pines. \"What is it, Jesse?\" Randolph asked as he and the boy stopped atop the small hill. \"I need to tell you something, Randolph.\" Jesse began, \"Something happened out there. Willy talked to me. Lucille did, too! She said 'help me' and something about a machine.\" Randolph looked at Jesse. \"You heard them? You understood them?\" Jesse nodded. \"It was amazing. Willy actually said your name. Marlene's too.\" \"Hold on now,\" Marlene said, joining the two as she heard her name mentioned. \"Who's been talking about me?\" \"You wouldn't believe it. I'm not sure I do,\" answered Jesse. He retold his adventure with Willy and how they had found Lucille. He then explained about hearing both orca and sea lion speak. \"But then all the way back, I tried to get Willy to talk again, but all I got were whale squeaks.\" Willy squeaked as Jesse hesitated. \"So what do you think?\" \"Mirage? Nitrogen Narcosis?\" Marlene joked not believing Jesse's story. Randolph knew otherwise, the boy's tale holding a familiar ring. \"I think you are a Truth Talker.\" Said the native man. \"A Truth Talker?\" answered Jesse confused by the term. \"What's a 'Truth Talker'?\" asked Marlene. \"Special kids, who can communicate with animals. Finding the truths of the Earth and share them.\" Replied Randolph. \"My ancestors have always believed that certain kids have this gift.\" \"Special?\" Denied Jesse, \"I'm just a trouble maker, Randolph. You know that.\" Randolph looked pointedly at the boy. \"How many kids can make friends with a killer Whale?\" He asked. Jesse was surprised, Randolph was right. He was the only kid he knew of that was best buds with an orca. Maybe he was special. \"Can I get him to talk again?\" \"Jesse, a whale's vocal cords can't form words.\" Marlene told Jesse clearly not believing that animals can talk. \"Our ears wouldn't hear them.\" Randolph explained to the skeptic woman. \"Only a truth Talker can hear the animals speak.\" The older man then turned to Jesse. \"To get in touch with your powers, Jesse, you must be calm. Breathe slowly. Focus your energy.\" He advised. \"Stay calm. Breath and focus.\" Jesse wanted to try it out. \"Stay calm, breathe and focus.\" He repeated aloud. Sitting in the shallows nearby Willy squealed as if responding to Jesse's test of his powers. Jesse turned to his friend, \"Willy, speak to me. Come one, boy, say something.\" Willy only squealed and clicked in response. \"Something besides squeak, squeak.\" The blond deadpanned beginning to think he didn't hear the orca talk in the first place. Again Willy squealed excitedly in reply wanting the boy to understand him again. \"Ah, didn't work.\" Said Jesse disappointed. \"Maybe he won't talk in front of you guys.\" Jesse suggested. \"Keep at it, Jesse.\" Shrugged Randolph not knowing what else to say to the boy. \"I better tend to Lucille,\" add Marlene not at all surprise Willy didn't talk. She and Randolph left the boy and orca returning to the institute. \"Stay calm, breath and focus.\" Jesse tried again repeating what Randolph had told him. \"Stay calm, breath, focus.\" It was a little while later in the day when Marlene and Randolph returned to check on Jesse. They found the young teen laying in the sun next to the water. His arms behind his head just staring into the sky. Beyond him Willy amused himself in the shallows. \"How's it going?\" Randolph asked. Having heard the man, Jesse sat up, \"No luck. But I've been thinking. I want to help you guys.\" Jesse said. \"I'm going to ask Mr. Naugle for my job back.\" \"Ah, then you have made progress.\" Joked Randolph. Marlene put her arm around Jesse's shoulder. \"Then come on, rookie.\" she said leading the boy back to the institute. A little while later and much apologizing to the institute director, Jesse again followed Marlene. The two entered the boat house where the blond saw to his surprise, a mini sub moored to the interior dock. \"Now that you have your job back, I better show you how we get around in the ocean.\" Marlene said showing of the yellow mini submarine. \"I ride a whale, remember?\" Jesse replied not overly impressed with the small craft. Marlene rolled her eyes and opened the hatch before stepping inside. Jesse followed the older girl and took a seat in one of the three chairs. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOoo A shadow lurked between the rocks powerful engine rumbling as it progressed through the dark water. Radar pinged as it navigated around coral, rocks and ridges. Within the large craft activity was a flurry as maintenance of the mechanisms were performed. \"We're at the new coordinatesss, sssir.\" Gurgled a toxic green slime creature. In the large sub several more of the ooze creatures worked, pressing controls and preparing the cyberbot for redeployment. Water poured out from pipes filling the standing pool with sea water submerging the mining bot. Waters levels rose steadily. Within the cyberbot cockpit sat the cyborg man as he received the reports from the gelatinous creatures. \"Computer says there's a nice deposit of gold bearing ore just below the sea bed.\" He said joggling the joystick activating the digging claws. \"I can't wait to get my claws into it.\" At the pull of a lever more pipes were opened adding more water to be poured into the loading bay. The water level rose even higher and faster, completely submerging the mining bot. Headlights turned on illuminating the water as the hatch below it opened releasing the craft into the open ocean. At the controls the cyborg piloted the craft away from the submarine and down towards the sea floor. The engines rumbled as it propelled further into the depths. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Jesse buckled his seat belt as Marlene went through the checklist for departure. \"Mini sub to Randolph, do you read?\" She called through the headset, checking the radio connection. \"Loud and clear, mini sub,\" Randolph replied confirming the connection. Jesse was a little more impressed with the sub. \"This baby can do 50 knots, It links up with the institute's computer for pollution analysis,\" Marlene explained showing Jesse all the functions, \"toxin levels, bio diagnostics.\" \"You're really pumped about this 'save the oceans' stuff, huh?\" Jesse noted. \"When I was seven I had a pet otter named Whiskers. I loved him.\" Answered Marlene, her voice tinged with sadness as she remembered back to her childhood. \"We had fun together, like you do with Willy.\" Jesse gave Marlene a sympathetic look, understanding the tone of the story. \"An oil spill killed Whiskers. He couldn't swim with oil in his fur. He just drowned.\" Marlene continued sadly, \"I still remember the TV saying how it was a small spill, no real damage done.\" Jesse placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. \"Sorry, Marlene. The mournful moment was interrupted by an insistent beeping as the boat house doors opened. Marlene fired up the engines and guide the small submersible out towards the open water. Regaining her composure, Marlene changed the mood. \"Now let's go find out what caused Lucille's injury.\" She said continuing her explanation of how the mini sub worked, \"you fill the ballasts like this, then tilt the bow plains and you're a whale, rookie. Only you can stay down much longer.\" The yellow craft slipped below the waves and dove to deeper water. The sun filtered through the surface as beams of light. Propeller trailing bubbles that danced between the light in a synchronized ballet towards the rippling surface as the submarine travelled through an underwater rock garden. Marlene switched on the lights to illuminate their path into the darker depths. \"The ocean is beautiful, hate to see anything happen to it.\" Said Jesse as he stared out of the domed window, watching the sea life pass by. \"It's up to us, Jesse.\" Marlene answered, \"If we don't take care of it our kids will have nothing.\" \"What a horrible thought.\" Jesse said. \"That humans are destroying the Earth?\" Marlene asked. \"No, that I'm going to have kids someday.\" Jesse replied lightening the mood. He and Marlene shared a laughed at the joke.* It was short lived as from the window of the mini sub something caught their attention. Both pf them gasp in surprise as a strange machine headed right for the submersible. It was the cyberbot and came at them with its iron claws open. Laughter echoed within the cyberbot as its pilot controlled the iron claws. The two passengers in the mini sub could do nothing but brace for impact as the claws clamped onto the sub, attempting to crush the yellow craft. Jesse and Marlene were jostled in their seats as they could do nothing. The cyborg continued his dark laughter as he attacked. \"Randolph, come in, Randolph!\" Marlene shouted over the radio. \"Jam their communications! We can't let them report us!\" The cyborg ordered his minions. They instantly began pressing buttons shutting off all frequencies near by. \"Randolph!\" Marlene continued, but all she received was radio feedback. \"It's dead, Jesse!\" \"So are we! What is that thing? Don't they know we're here?\" Jesse asked. \"The external cameras! Maybe the flashes will get their attention,\" Marlene said as she flipped the switch and began using the camera flash causing the outside lights to flash on and off. The flash was bright and it blinded the cyberbot's pilot, causing him to let go of the controls. He shouted in shock from the light. The mining bot lost its grip on the mini sub, releasing it from its grasp. Marlene wasted no time and gunned the engines getting her and Jesse away and fast. The damaged sub sputtered away as she had trouble controlling it, doing all she could to keep from colliding into the rocks. To make matters worse, the unknown craft was in pursuit. Quickly gaining on them with its more powerful engines. Iron claws extended to grab onto the fleeing mini sub. Jarring the small craft as the claws latched onto the side ballast tanks. The cyberbot forced the smaller vehicle to the sea floor with a hard impact. Crushing the submersible as it was dragged into the sandy bottom. Jesse and Marlene screamed as they were helpless to stop the larger craft. Bracing themselves as the mini sub hull began to creak from strain. \"All they'll find is a tragic accident.\" chuckled the cyborg. A large shadow then distracted him, \"huh?\" BANG...the cyberbot shuddered as it was slammed by a large object. With an angry squeal an orca slammed into the side of the cyberbot. The impact causing the machine to let go of the mini sub. \"It's Willy!\" Jesse exclaimed, looking out of the view port. But then the hull burst as water began pouring into the sub. \"Uh oh, we're taking on water!\" \"I can't clear the ballast tanks!\" Shouted Marlene as she furiously tried the controls. The mini sub sank to the sea floor and slid along the bottom towards a deep abyss. Metal shrieked as it scraped through the sand. The abyss grew closer and closer, there was nothing to stop it. Jesse and Marlene braced themselves. The scrapping sound of the mini subs belly on sand suddenly went silent. The small craft had stopped just on the edge of the chasm. It creaked and groaned as it rocked precariously on the cliff. The chasm was very big and very dark, if they fall there would be no coming back. Quickly Marlene and Jesse unbuckled from their seats and headed for the back of the sub. They were shocked to see just how much water was coming into the craft. They didn't have a lot of time. Willy continued his confrontation with the cyberbot, squeaking angrily as he continued to slam into the craft. Bearing his teeth as he attacked. The cyborg inside braced himself for each impact. The cyberbot groaned under strain and began falling apart. Willy kept slamming his tail and body onto the mining bot determined to destroy it. Bit by bit the cyberbot collapsed into a heap of metal on the ocean floor. Those within the craft were shaken from the impact. The cyborg growled in frustration for being stopped by nothing more than a killer whale. By THAT killer whale. Willy howled as he left the cyberbot to rust, heading away in search of the mini sub. He followed the deep gouge in the sand from the yellow craft dragging along. His call echoing through the water. Marlene grunted as she tried to turn the release mechanism of the air lock, it wouldn't budge and inch. She tried a few more times to turn it but it was no use. \"It's jammed.\" She said slumping against the door exhausted. Jesse grew worried. They were trapped. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Within the damaged mining bot the cyborg was not finished with the orca. His high tech submarine soon came from the open water. Lights turned on guiding the craft to the cyberbots location. Hovering overhead the docking bay doors opened allowing two industrial magnets to drop from inside. Clamping onto the destroyed mining craft it began lifting the smaller craft. Steadily it climbed as the cables retracted bringing the cyberbot into the submarine, the bay doors closing behind it. At the control of the submarine he piloted on search of his target. The cyborg was definitely not finished. Not at all. \"The whale-seeking torpedo is ready.\" gurgled one of the toxic creatures. \"Well then, fire!\" shouted the cyborg from the pilots seat. A single projectile shot away from the dark coloured sub, bubbles trailing in its wake. It hurdled towards the direction of the mini sub, heading straight for Willy, who happily squealed as he swam around the mini sub. The concerned orca squeaked in surprise as he spotted the missile zooming towards him. Quickly he raced off leading the torpedo from the damaged mini sub. Without missing a beat the projectile followed close behind. Willy dodged around coral, twisting and turning as the missile kept on his tail. Propelled forward by his fluke as he raced ahead, weaving up and down in the water forcing the torpedo to follow. Strain to keep up was beginning to show as the missile began to wobble in Willy's wake. Swimming hard towards the surface, the orca made a spectacular leap over a sandbar. Rock and sand exploded as the torpedo collided into the sandbar, reducing it to rubble. Unharmed, Willy splashed into the water on the other side. He spy hopped to see the destruction. Squealing he saw that there was barely anything left. That had been a close one, any slower and he would have been the sandbar. Smug, thinking his torpedo worked and the whale was gone, the cyborg gave out orders. \"Return to base!\" He laughed victoriously as the submarine steered away, vanishing into the ocean depths. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo \"If we fall into the abyss, even those scuba tanks won't save us,\" Marlene admitted having tried the air lock again. \"Look, I'm sorry I gave you such a rough time when you arrived.\" \"That's okay, I'm not easy to like some times,\" replied Jesse, accepting the apology. \"The kind of guy only a killer what would love, huh?\" The sound of an orca cry interrupted Marlene from saying more as she and Jesse looked out the view port. \"Willy!\" exclaimed Jesse relieved to see the orca appear at the window as if summoned. Willy squeaked and squealed as he looked back into the mini sub. He nudged the sub causing the two humans inside to brace themselves. The impact causing the craft to shift further towards the edge. \"One more nudge and we go over.\" Said Marlene, as Willy swam back around to the window. \"If only I could talk to him!\" Jesse thought out loud. \"External microphone and speakers,\" Marlene answered turning on the speakers, \"if you can talk to Willy, do it now, rookie!\" \"Willy! Can you hear me?\" Jesse said testing the speakers. He only received squeaks in response. \"Stay away from us, stay away!\" Willy again nudged the mini sub causing it to rock again. \"Its not working.\" said Marlene as she began to panic. A panic Jesse shared. Panic. That's it! \"What was it Randolph said?...Calm down, breathe, focus.\" As he concentrated he turned to the hovering orca and said calmly, \"Willy, get under us and lift us to the surface.\" Willy squeaked and swam out of sight. Jesse and Marlene waited and waited... \"Its no use!\" Marlene confessed giving up. All of a sudden they felt the sub shake, at first thinking it was going over the edge. Fear gripped them tightly, but then they realized the sea floor was disappearing beneath them. The sub was rising! Willy squealed as he pushed the mini sub to the surface. Water splashed as the yellow craft broke through the waves. Jesse and Marlene hugged in victory, happy that Willy finally understood. ooOOOooOOoSka'ana TalesoOOooOOOoo Back at the institute, Jesse, Marlene, Randolph and Mr. Naugle watched TV as the screen showed pictures of the cyberbot. \"These pictures were taken by the institute's mini sub. However no trace of the illegal mining equipment was found.\" said the news caster. \"Could have been a terrible accident.\" Randolph commented. \"It was no accident, Randolph.\" Replied Jesse, \"those guys were after us.\" \"We'd still be down there is it hadn't been for you and Willy.\" Marlene admitted, \"I guess you really can talk to him.\" \"I'm still working on getting him to talk to me.\" Jesse said with determination as he headed for the door. Later in the evening , Jesse sat at the edge of the Healing Pond. The orca swimming in circles in the shallow amusing himself while the blond boy meditated. The sun slowly slinking down to the horizon. The blue sky starting to gain its orange glow of sunset. \"Stay calm, breathe and focus,\" said Jesse to himself as he tried it. Willy paused from swimming and popped up on the shore edge. \"Jesse, I understand you.\" The orca said. \"Finally!\" Jesse exclaimed, hugging his friend. \"I was going looney trying to stay calm.\" \"I have something important to tell you.\" Willy explained. \"The human who attacked you, my friends and I have been fighting him for years. We call him, The Machine. But now that we can talk to you, maybe together we can stop him!\" \"Willy, it's dangerous. I mean we'd be in trouble every minute,\" Jesse hesitated taking in what the orca told him. \"Oh, well. We're always in trouble anyway.\" He and Willy laughed at their own joke. Jesse jumped onto Willy's back as the orca began moving away from the shore. Willy swam across the Healing Pond towards the open ocean. \"Yo Willy! Let's go!\" Jesse cheered. \"Oh, so that's what you've been yelling at me for the last two years.\" Willy commented. Sloth: This turned out better than i planned. a few moments i'll admit are rushed as i couldn't think of more filler. I tried to do the 'every picture has a 1000 words' thing. the Machine's scenes are short not by choice as there really wasn't much screen time for him in this episode. *Jesse's line about having kids made me laugh, because i know what he doesn't know, he gets twins! double the trouble XD Like it? love it? hate it? rate it!...R&R; and let me know what you thought. I don't write for reviews i just like hearing what you think! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Inspired by the movies and Animated series by Warner Bros. Note that the cartoon took p"},{"Movie":"I, Frankenstein","Title":"I, The Bride Of Frankenstein","Author":"The Real Cas","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10667019","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A lone figure hunched near gargoyles atop a large gothic cathedral. In the darkness of the moonlight, rain pelted the figure heavily with its cold brutality. Looking up with dark brown eyes at the devilishly blue moon, a woman's lock of white hair located near the part of her dark hair was stained with the rain whereas the rest of her black hair shined in the mist. She looked infuriated at the night sky, her pale caramel skin soaked with the rain. Cloaked in dark black muddy clothing clearly making her look like a homeless bum, she barely shivered in the high wind cold. The heart that beat, was not her own. This skin, these eyes, this heart, this…lack of soul, was something that was completely foreign to her. Her name is Voran. That's what she called herself; she heard it somewhere in some time of some life. She knew very well that this life was not her own. She stared at the movement of the people in the city below her. Her false life was fed not by immortality but by the \"battery life\" that was given to her at her birth of electric shock. She lived for over 200 years, and knew very well that humans never took kindly to her. So, she watched and lived in silence of the shadows in the night. What did she do with her existence? She learned, and fought things that threatened her, and she always was hunted by these demons-as they are called. She never did much but simply exists and fights these demons that wanted her so. One day she knew she'd find answers in this church, for the people didn't know that the gargoyles lived… Bursting in through the large circular glass window in the center of the cathedral where masses where held, a dainty praying woman looked up, startled. Others immediately came to her aid, which they all hesitated looking at Voran's soaked dark figure, with twin katannas in either hand peeking out of the black trench coat sleeves. Voran cocked her head curiously at these gargoyles, knowing that they were \"good\" or at least wouldn't hunt her like the demons did… \"Are you the leader of the Stone People?\" Voran inquired. Immediately, the guards attacked her, but Voran swiftly ducked and dodged every move with a swift counter. At some point, the bigger of the two guards that were fighting Voran fell under her blades, until they submitted. Knowing that killing them would be pointless, Voran simply sheathed her weapons. \"I am the Queen of the Gargoyle Order.\" The woman approached Voran. Voran shrinked back, \"I need answers about why these things keep hunting me…\" Voran started. The guards looked to their queen for direction, which she simply dismissed their confusion. They stood in defensive mode near their queen the three eyeing Voran as she looked angrily puzzled at them. \"Do they have red eyes, horns, rotten flesh, and a stench of evil death?\" The Queen asked. Voran gave a raised eyebrow, \"Yes, how'd you know?\" The gargoyles three exchanged looks. Voran was lost, and she was a quick learner. \"I have a tale for you, if you will follow.\" \"Only if your dogs won't hurt me.\" Voran warned. \"They won't harm you if you don't harm me.\" She said with a sense of authority. Voran nodded in 'very well then.' They walked until the Queen began, \"Do you know who God is? How life starts?\" \"Yes, I'm more intelligent than you give me credit for. I have memories though, of things past that I know I have done, yet doesn't feel like I've done. A life passed by, dreams that was never my desires.\" Voran whispered, which echoed in the large empty church. \"Do you know of death?\" The marbled face continued. Voran tilted her head, \"The permanent sleep that humans go through. I feel like I've known this, yet…\" She trailed off trying to remember her darkness, trying to fight on the slivers of memory past. \"Do you believe the dead stay dead?\" The Queen looked into the angry eyes of Voran's puzzlement. \"I've never seen the dead return.\" Voran replied. \"They have.\" The blue dressed woman replied solemnly. \"Is that possible?\" Voran interrogated. \"Yes. You are one of them.\" The Queen said slowly looking into the dark brown eyes again. Voran then got uncomfortable, \"Why do you look into my eyes?\" \"I am a gargoyle, the lowest physical form of angels. Thought to be made by man, but breathed into with the souls that God has provided for us.\" \"So you're golems.\" Voran said, insulting her company. \"No! We have souls, a conscience, given to us by God. We have free will. Golems are dark magic and science manipulated by mankind used for their bidding.\" The Queen said. Voran just stepped back defensively, \"Sorry I asked. But why do you look at me?\" \"You have no soul. You have a spirit of life, but no soul to call your own.\" \"Meaning?\" Voran prompted. \"You do thing without thought of consequence, good or bad, you feel no guilt or anything that proves you to have a soul.\" The queen responded. \"Ok, is that what makes me different from mankind; how do you know this? I've seen you all fight the things I fight, but how do you know what I don't? Am I alone?\" Voran said quickly, needing answers. She smiled grimly at the reanimated girl, \"Let me tell you how you came to be, but no, you're not alone. There is only one other exactly like you. His name is Adam.\" The queen said quietly, the silence bouncing off the walls. Voran then learned of Adam, and the process of how she was born. Yet neither the gargoyles nor Voran knew who created her or why. The queen finished saying, \"Would you like to meet him?\" Voran nodded, \"Perhaps he knows of me.\" Navigating through the colossal halls of old history, Voran looked at the statues of people long dead. Who am I? What dead person am I from? Thought Voran. Entering one of the small rooms made for the Gregorian monks, Voran saw a sight to behold. A shirtless man with a black belt holding up ratty dark blue jeans over thick brown muddy work boots, had muscles to spare. He stared out the window to the now cloudless moonlit night of clear air free of the city smog below. \"Adam, there's someone here to meet you.\" The queen said pleasantly. Voran traced all of the large scars that were simply a different shade of lighter skin against darker skin both of a tanned white male that danced across his muscular back. His muddy blonde hair was unkempt, but he moved to look at them. His eyes widened at the sight of her. For what he saw was a medium-sized woman with scars dancing across her face like his. Her neck had a choker of lighter skin, as well as a line that followed the hollow of her neck and up the gaunt of one cheek that traced its way into the temple and then into the hairline. Adam's face also reflected a poor \"x\" with the upper left appendage missing, putting his face in thirds. He was still handsome in spite of the faded lines. With lots of foundation makeup, he'd look normal like any other attractive man. \"Are you Adam?\" Voran spoke. \"Yes and you are?\" Adam looked at her. \"I call myself Voran. You can call me V or something.\" She said. \"Where are you from?\" Adam said, while the queen slipped away with the two guard gargoyles, closing the door behind them. \"I'm not sure, I have memories of thing that I know I've done but my body was…different.\" Voran said. Her black trench coat covered a black hoodie while she wore black boot cut jeans over biker boots with a silver chain on the back of the heel. The thing around her neck was a locket, with a picture of a man she didn't know. Yet, as she figured, she wore it for some sentimental reason that she knew not of. \"I understand. Are you like me?\" Adam inquired the mysterious girl. \"I was hoping you can tell me.\" Voran said slyly. \"I was reborn, were you brought back by the lightning of the water?\" Adam said poetically. \"I was bludgeoned back to life. I felt anger and pain. I know nothing else. I remember looking up from a watery womb at a ceiling of chains, eels swimming by my skin.\" Voran described to him. He smirked, \"Then you are like me. How did you come by that?\" He gestured to her hair being both black and white. \"I think when I was alive my hair was dark, but when I was reborn this birthmark came with this accursed form.\" Voran said viciously. He shook his brown-blonde hair, \"You've known the hatred of humans, I presume?\" Voran nodded. \"I will tell you all that I know, if you tell me more about you, Adam.\" Voran prompted to him. He sat upon his bed, \"I was brought back to life by Dr. Vicktor Von Frankenstein 200 years ago. He feared me, and tried to kill me, I killed his wife. A life for a life. He tried hunting me, but died in the winter snow, and I buried him in a cemetery. I was then hunted by demons who wanted to possess the soulless vessels of the dead brought back to life, such as our reanimated selves. I defeated their leader.\" Adam summed up his adventurous life for Voran. Simply she said, \"Would you know who created me?\" He nodded slowly, \"Yes, I have a guess.\" \"Who?\" \"The same man who made me.\" Adam said without blinking at her. \"Why? Do you know why?\" Voran continued. \"I can guess…after all…\" He trailed off. \"Tell me please.\" Voran asked, now sitting herself by him on the foot of his bed. \"You were his wife. And I killed you. He must've brought you back for one of us.\" Adam said dropping into a dark whisper. He looked at his hands, almost ashamed. Though she was practically emotionless, she did feel fury rising all the time, and now was no different, \"What do you mean one of us?\" \"He brought you back for one reason: either so he could have you, or so you'd be the companion that he promised me, but never delivered. Something must've happened…\" Adam postulated. Voran was now angry for no seeming reason, knowing that the very man that took her life was right next to her. \"So I can curse you for this existence? Why did I deserve it?\" \"Because he loved you.\" Adam said glaring at her. She squinted viciously at him. Voran got up to leave, Adam grabbed her hand, which she fought off, but she was never used to someone being stronger than she. Most of the time people had weakness where her superhuman strength could crush them. \"Where are you going?\" Adam said getting close. \"To find these demons and kill them. After all, you much like I, hate being hunted. So I kill them before they can get to me. I got what I needed from you.\" Voran struggled against his muscular body, which now pinned her up against the door. He was looking curiously at her face, knowing it before it looked like the one he saw before him. \"Strange how you are like me, but not me.\" He grabbed a handful of her hair, playing with it like play-doh. She just stared at him, until she shrugged him off. He stood there saying, \"How many are after you?\" \"I can handle them without your help.\" Voran said, stalking off storming out into the night of the city. Her independence was her safe place, for humans were cruel, they could hurt you without even trying. He watched her silhouette blend into the darkness of the murky glittering city. She knew he watched her, but her answers gave her an idea of who she was, and what she needed to do. Like him, she was going to kill demons. No matter what they plotted they wouldn't have her. Adam though, had a very different idea in the far reaches of his mind. The only thought that he had was that the old man kept his promise, coincidentally or because Dr. Frankenstein's life forfeited his opportunity with her. Either way, Adam knew that they would see each other again, soon. Soon.[Chapter 2] Voran perched herself atop the high places in the dark glittering city, very unlike the forest where she spent most of her days. Time was of no value to Voran, for she had ample amounts of it. Demons came and went; she hunted them with little skill, for they willingly flocked to her. Voran couldn't understand why they wanted her since Adam was also a reanimated corpse, after all the secret of rebirth was in him too. There was something missing for why she was being hunted. One day she stalked along in a dark alleyway with her soulless form trudging down the wet street. Looking at the shadows dancing along the poorly lit building brick side walls, Voran just kept her wits about her. Just as any nomad, Voran just found a comfy place to rest and never really stayed in one place for too long. This alleyway, though shady and filthy, Voran knew it would be a good place to squat. Two people walked noisily behind her silent booted feet, clearly following her. Voran was already ready for striking them down, and it would be fun. At least she enjoyed the idea of not being followed. There was a pause when she stopped walking, a pause mirrored by her attackers, \"You know they say you're a coward for striking people behind their backs….\" Voran turned to them, looking at these grotesque men that were clearly warped demons, \"Prince Naberious will have you.\" One demon said in a deep grumbly growl. Voran swept her long black and white streak connected to the back of her part from in front of her shoulder to her back. She smiled darkly, \"Then come and get me if you live.\" With the skip of her heartbeat, they charged at her and she came at one of them, vaulting over the first, and slashing the slower one, immediately descending him. Voran snapped her head to the fast one that was now behind her; she grinned, and with her superhuman power she quickly zigzagged up the fire escapes and walls of the nearby buildings jumping her way up. Unfortunately, the demon was following her, and quickly too. Now she was running from this one, she could easily fight it but the chase was more entertaining for Voran. The rooftops were uneven against the sky, no matter she always jumped far distances without much fear of the fall, and it was the fear of death that bothered her ironically. Voran was about to turn and fight the demon, instead when she looked back she saw another person intervene. It was Adam. The demon and Adam struggled like two Goliaths and what seemed like an eternity until Adam descended the demon. All that remained on the rooftop was the odd pair, in the misty night. \"Here I thought you could handle yourself.\" Adam said slowly looking up at her. Voran grinned devilishly, \"I can, I just like a bit of a chase every now and then. Keeps my skills sharp.\" \"You're welcome.\" Adam prompted walking towards Voran. \"I didn't ask so no thanks.\" Voran raised an eyebrow defiantly. With the flinch of hunched muscles, both almost instinctively knew what was to happen next. Voran ran and Adam followed, sprinting across rooftops. He was chasing her, and surprisingly able to keep up. Coming to the edge of the building, Voran hesitated, but looking how he was closing in, she jumped downward to this open widow of an abandoned building, narrowly landing on it. Since only half of her made it, she had to find a foothold to climb up into the open gape of the building that looked like a fallen hallway. She looked back challenging him. Adam looked down at her, and smirked turning away. Voran gave a \"Heh\" of a laugh. He snapped his body and jumped. Voran instantly turned on her heels to run down the hall. Adam, unlike her made the full jump into the long hallway through the gap. Both were running down the hall; Voran sprinted down this endless tunnel, only once turning her head to see if he was keeping up with her head start. Adam knew she'd trip soon, he was patient. In fact, Adam threw one of his battle batons at her feet, but she jumped. Voran threw a knife which grazed his right side of his face diagonally from his mid-cheek, down the jaw, to the neck. They continued running, until the old wooden floors gave out and Voran lost her footing. Her right leg went through, and the rest of her was above the floor. Getting out of the dry rot, Voran's side sitting was used to Adam's advantage. He pinned her to the floor, but she fought him. Both figures tumbled to the next sturdy floor, where Adam landed on his back, and Voran landed on top of him. Panting, Voran said, \"Good thing you can keep up.\" \"Funny how you ran faster around that demon, but slower for me.\" Adam taunted. Before Voran responded, she was repined to the ground, with Adam just looking at her heavy panting face. \"You really should consider staying with us.\" Adam proposed. \"Why, what are you to me?\" Voran said apathetically. \"You have more questions and I have answers. Isn't that enough?\" Adam said really close to her face now. She looked into his mismatched eyes. Queen Lenore was right; she saw his soul burning in those eyes, burning with a purpose. When Adam looked into Voran's eyes he saw a black oblivion, not of hell, but an abyss in those brown eyes of a void that held much indifference and suffering that the only thing that can save it was her. Adam's rough hands traced her face, and then brushed her hair away from her eyes. Voran took her fingered and traced his mouth which was also calming down from their heavy breathing from running. Voran replied surprisingly, \"We may have a spark, but I fight alone.\" Adam quipped, \"If you changed your mind?\" Voran, \"I'll find you. I'll always find you.\" \"I will always come for you.\" Adam promised. The two wandered around the old abandoned apartment complex looking for a place to sleep after their little game of tag after hunting demons together, fighting together. There was an old bed next to the moonlit dirty window, a sink in the corner, and a bathroom in the other room. They closed the door to this place, though it was more for privacy than security-hell, they were the scariest things in the world they needn't fear anything, they are fear in others. Voran lay on the bed, exhausted from the entire night. Adam took the liberty to lay down next to her since there was only one bed, and neither cared about the little space. \"Have you been alone for 200 years?\" Voran asked quietly, turning to look at him, lying on her side facing him on the bed. His head also propped on the same pillow, faced her and laid on his side as well both lying down on the bed for the night's rest. \"I've made peace with it. How long have you been alone?\" Adam asked. \"I really don't know.\" Voran trailed off, trying to remember. Adam touched the locket she had around her neck, \"He gave that to you that night you died. It was your wedding night.\" Voran said, \"If he had kept his promise…or I guess I should ask the better speculation, since I have been revived, and he lived…what would happen?\" \"I don't know you'd probably go to him. I killed you, you loved him. My payment would have been with someone else if any woman he created had any sympathy for me.\" Adam said slightly gritting his jaw. Voran suggested, \"Since he created no other, and I don't remember him, I don't remember you killing me…and I can empathize with you…\" Voran saw his face change thoughtfully. \"I would accept you Voran as my companion as another piece sewn to me when I was brought back.\" Adam whispered. \"If I had any feelings, I would want to feel this with you, Adam.\" Voran returned to him. They kissed, softly then harshly, and as the night lasted they became part of one another. Waking in the dawn in the horizon, Adam and Voran sat up. Voran looked to Adam, \"When the demons wanted you, they wanted the secret of life from death, what could they want from me?\" Adam put his bare muscular arm around her, \"I guess we'll find out together. For now, we descend them together.\" The two got up and prepared for what would face them next. After this night they knew that he is Adam Frankenstein her husband, and she is Voran his wife. Together they are the Son of Frankenstein, and she, The Bride of Frankenstein.[Chapter 3] Three months had passed by, the newly dead weds had been fighting their demons together, using the fortress of the Church as their home and source of redemption and salvation. The gargoyles eventually became accustomed to Voran's dark presence. One afternoon, Voran smelled the sulfuric smell of a descended demon. Voran immediately gagged and threw up on a bush near the gravestones in the cemetery they were in. Clearly, this was no longer holy ground since demons were descended here. Adam quickly re-blessed the ground as Voran had cleaned up her mouth. \"This place is nasty.\" Voran said. \"Not anymore.\" Adam replied, finishing sprinkling the holy water over the land. \"Adam, don't you think it's curious that the demons haven't been chasing me as much lately? What do you think they're up to?\" \"Hopefully, they're finally dwindling since we're doing our jobs.\" Adam gratefully sighed. In the back of their minds, they knew something was up. In the most unholy part of the world, a circle of demons chanted their evil dark chants that began a ritual led by Belial, one of the original fallen angels, they chanted until the dark flames that licked the foul musky air snuffed out and blood reigned down upon them. Prince Naberious arose from the blood, smoke, and ashes instantly silencing his followers with his mere presence. \"How long has it been since my absence?\" Naberious said. \"A year milord, it has been a year.\" Belial said lowering his gaze as the dark Prince stormed angrily about, \"A year?\" he calmly said, \"That long?\" Others shifted nervously from the calm accusatory tone he had, \"Why Belial did it take so long?\" He strolled over and brushed off some dirt off the collar of Belial's coat. Belial swallowed hard, sweating bullets, \"We had to gather supplies and strength for your return…\" Naberious was glaring his little narrow black eyes at Belial, and immediately startled everyone as he grabbed a demon and descended him with a flick of his wrist. The others were in fear while Belial stood before Naberious afraid but not moving. \"Let this lesson teach you all to never wait…that is a sin you know.\" Naberious changed from his natural demonic form into the form of an older gentleman in a pinstriped suit. \"We have work to do now. Belial, I'm putting you in charge, don't fail me or else,\" Naberious shifted his beady blackish eyes to the spot where he descended the demon earlier. Belial nodded his head knowing that he was going to receive no kindness from Naberious if he fails. Shouting out orders the demons scattered like cockroaches and busy bees working on various things for the demon prince. Naberious simply walked in his skin suit appearance of a man and they continued to do their work searching for the two reanimated corpses that were the key to their plan.[Chapter 4] Voran looked around the Gothic Cathedral carefully when she wandered the castle-like fortress at night. She hardly slept, but occasionally Adam and she would sleep by each other's side. This happened rarely, since he-like her-didn't sleep much. Something didn't feel right with Voran. She knew deep in the back of her skull to the very shivers on her arms that she was being watched…touched with eyes unseen. Voran never liked this, not one bit. She thought darkly, I could gouge out their eyes and rip out their hearts until they beat no more and send them to hell. Being in a place of God though, made Voran feel as if she should be careful with thoughts like that, since killing is apparently wrong. Lately, she had contemplated her morals and her existence. For all she knew, she could be struck down with lightning and hellfire. It was odd for Voran, to be so soulless and fairly apathetic to the world around her, yet she knew there was something more than just existence. It was also strange how she actually cared about not feeling guilty when she killed, and it was odd for her to know that she is soulless while others were filled with good or bad souls. Everything changed when she came to this place, as if she was drawn to its good aura. Voran ran her hand though her pitch black hair with the small hidden white streak on the right side. Her dark brown eyes shifted between all the gargoyles she knew were definitely watching her, since it had been a couple of months since she and Adam have been living with them. The reason of the lack of demons still eluded her; but what was more enigmatic was the fact that she felt watched by darker forces other than the gargoyles that were always watching. Walking over to the altar where communion was performed during Mass was white and empty. Light from the stain glass shined down upon it in an eerie blue glow like that of ghosts. Voran decided to kneel in front of the altar upon the stairs. Sitting on her own calves, kneeling on the stairs hurt her, not that she really paid any mind to it. Voran looked to the light above her, and she for the first time ever, prayed. Voran kneeled before the glowing light, curious of the supernatural forces that she would never see work. She prayed almost sarcastically, because she had no soul as far as she knew, to lose to the frightening torment of hell. \"I am sorry that I have never been sorry, for every life I took, for everything you deem terrible that I have done to others, and what others have done to me. I do not understand why you have given me a second chance when I didn't even ask for it, not that I remember anything from my past life. I have seen the face of evil and I feel no guilt, no mercy, and no fear. But why must I be allowed here again? I have looked into the dreams of a life I used to have-that woman is gone-why must I feel emptiness, anger, and envy? I do not know what you have planned, but I know you gave me a purpose, I just need to know how will you guide me? Why love me when I am not good?\" Voran's soliloquy echoed in the cold lonely halls of marbled stone. The scuffing of thick heavy boots shifted noisily behind her saying, \"Voran, I know how you feel. I too, questioned my existence, but you don't need to envy a soul. You were remade by evil, but I know evil does not rule you.\" Adam said, kneeling beside her, taking his rosary in his fingerless leather rough gloves, crossing himself. Voran asked Adam, \"How did you regain a soul?\" \"I did something for someone else, when I stopped fighting those demons for my own protection, I saved a doctor. She's the reason I found my humanity willingly.\" Adam replied thoughtfully. \"I never had feelings, never felt anything other than apathy, hatred, envy, bloodlust…yet when I met you, it all changed into something like a new life.\" Voran responded, kindly touching her husband's jawline with the back of her dainty hand. Adam smiled his rugged smile, and something clicked for Voran. Getting up quickly, Voran walked down the aisle of the long Church. Adam, puzzled, followed her wordlessly knowing something was up. Voran and Adam walked up the spiral stairs in the secret tower column that led to Lenore's study chambers. Bursting into the room, Voran quickly got to the point, \"You can look into the eyes of mankind and see their greyed souls can't you?\" The fragilely fierce Gargoyle Queen looked at Voran and Adam as if she was woken from sleep. The other gargoyles she conversed with just exchanged looks from the two strangest freaks of nature. Lenore dismissed them into the dark of the night. \"Yes, I can look into the eyes and see souls but I am no Judge.\" Lenore said puzzled. Adam said, \"I don't understand V, why you must ask her the same thing I told you?\" Before Lenore could ask about their existential crisis, Voran ordered, \"Look into my eyes and tell me what mad emptiness there is.\" Lenore then pushed her eyebrows together suspiciously, while Adam seemed to somewhat follow where she was going with this. Lenore looked at Voran with puzzlement on her face, and her eyes widened. \"What is it? What did you see?\" Voran demanded. \"You have a soul, but I do not know how this is possible.\" Lenore stated, \"Adam saved someone and that is how he regained his, what did you do to deserve such a privilege?\" Voran started to put it all together, \"Can you hear things better than us?\" Lenore nodded. Adam was intrigued how Voran had a soul, but the question is what she do that was selfless? \"You fight demons but is it for the right reasons?\" Adam inquired. Voran hushed him and said, \"Lenore, listen closely .\" Lenore curiously did just that and gasped. This gasp confirmed every sign Voran ignored or just flat out missed. \" How is that possible ?!\" Lenore said with a condescending tone. \"What is it Voran?\" Adam asked concerned. Voran turned to him, \"It means that we have created our own life.\" \"You mean-?\" Adam trailed. \"Yes Adam, I loved you not for my happiness but yours. It is clear now that I am carrying your child.\" Voran said quietly. A silence fell over the room. Outside the window, a raven watched curiously. Almost like it was startled, it flew off into the distance to a psychiatric ward, where it was received as a beloved bewitched friend. \"Hello Kestrel, what good gossip can you give?\" Belial cooed to his feathered friend. The raven bent his beak into his master's ear and practically sang of what he heard and saw.[Chapter 5] Listening to the church's music play so melodically, Voran perched near the 10 foot tall statues of St. Michael and the other Saints at the top of the church doezens of feet above the columns that implied a ceiling in the openness of the hall. People were in for mass, and the light streamed in through the multicolored prisms of artistic interpretations of Jesus and other biblical acts. Voran knew that she could never be one of them, living a normal life. Instead, she and Adam would have to live in the shadow of the rafters near the bells. Time had passed far enough along now that she could feel the small little person inside, just without a care in the world, swimming in darkness. Adam sat beside her, watching the Mass play on. \"I know what you're thinking.\" He started quietly. Voran simply looked at him, shifteing her eyes to the unmoving gargoyles also placed high in the church. \"What do you mean?\" \"Don't worry I feel it too, that longing to be like them. I've never said this enough, but I never meant to kill you because I had a vendetta against you. I'm sorry I took that all away from you; you should have had their kind of life with that doctor.\" \"If you hadn't killed me, I wouldn't be here. Things happen for a reason, you need to find that reason, so never apologize to me for it. I am not what I was once. I do long to be like them, but I know my false, charged heart is not like theirs. I can't change this, but since I have been like this for so long, I wouldn't change it. We have something special that they don't have.\" Voran replied. \"And what's that?\" Adam looked at her. \"Appreciation for our souls. They take their redemptions for granted. They don't love our God like we do; if absence makes the heart grow fonder, then what does prescence give them? I'd rather live in agonizing pain to love, beg, and remember our savior than live in apathetic, cynical, doubtful existence that seems happy and we forget who to thank for it.\" Adam smiled, \"That is agreeable.\" The people below them shuffled about during the ceremony, while the sun changed with each color of the panes. Unbeknownst to them, in the crowd was Belial, watching them closely during the mass. It made clear sense as to why he was here-to watch them. Belial remembered everything that had happened a while ago crystal clear in his dark mind. After the little birdie told him about Voran's little secret he told Prince Naberious, who was joyous at the news. \"Forgive me sire, but this detail brings you joy?\" Belial was puzzled. Naberious rolled his human eyes impatiently, \"Don't you see what this means?\" Belial's sweaty face shook no, then timidly asking, \"Would I be allowed to know?\" Naberious angry broke his glass of dark red wine, \"You idiot, this means the world for all demons!\" He continued, \"Adam may have a soul, but if the female conceived while soulless, then the child was never meant to be created, because that means like its' parents it's supposed to be dead, or no longer exist. If, however, the female had a soul at the time, then their child also has a soul as sanctioned by God for when life springs forth. In some way the child would exist in this world, but was never meant to be born to resurrected humans-dead humans brought back by our wondrous Frankenstein, not God.\" Naberious explained this confusing notion to Belial whose confused face begged for clarification. \"It means that there is a possibility that the child will grow up soulless, a perfectly newly bred vessel for us rather than a reanimated corpse like Adam and Voran Frankenstein. We could gain the world through this means.\" The dark prince summed. Pouring himself another glass of wine he ordered to Belial, \"By any means necessary I want Voran unharmed and brought to me. The others you can watch and deal with as you please, but wait for the right time.\" Nodding, Belial turned as Naberious said, \"I'd prefer the child as well; but if you have to choose or if the child dies… bring me Voran, she'd be more use to me than the abomination.\" The prince flicked his hand to Belial to leave. Now sitting in the church, Belial eyed Voran and knew why Naberious hungered for her so. She is indeed attractive, but it had something more than that. Belial knew that half-demons were as mortal as their human mothers, so an immortal human would mean immortal demon spawn. Of course, the only ones who would claim her as the Queen of Hell would be the higher level demons instead of the lowly incubi and deal makers. The only issue that presented itself in the demons scheme to take over the universe was the fact that Voran was well protected by her own skills, her husband's, and the horde of gargoyles. It wouldn't be easy, but not impossible, as long as the archangels don't get involved. Voran looked down, seeing that obvious change is happening. They needed a doctor to help when the time came. \"Adam, that doctor you knew, do you think she'd help us?\" Adam thought carefully, \"I would assume so. But you never know, humans tend to fear what they don't understand.\" He placed his manly rough hand on Voran's bump. Voran grasped his hand resting on the baby, \"I hope we can find help, because if the demons knew, I don't want to guess what is going to happen to us all. Is it bad that when I dream, I dream of a world burning because of me?\" Adam tried convincing her, \"This world will not end by our hands.\" Voran smiled as the both looked down startled since their hands moved because of the bump kicking from the noise of the church bells and the loud organ playing menacingly melancholy melodies.[Chapter 6] It was early morning when the sun was just beginning to show on the horizon. The phone on the nightstand nearest the enormous fluffy blue bed woke up its occupant with a startled gasp. Dr. Wade was half-asleep after a long day at the research facility hired by the local university. Legitimate work, instead of playing God, suited Terra much better. However, squinting at microscopes is not only mundane but tiresome. The phone call was unusual since she had not heard from them since the catastrophe. Terra remembers how the world tried to rationalize the odd \"earthquake\" that destroyed the institute, but she knew better than to dismiss what she experienced. Since that day, she re-evaluated her whole life, which brought her to this point of subsistent living. \"Hello?\" Terra groggily croaked. She ran her fingers through her hair as if the person was in the room. Stopping cold she heard his voice, \"Hello Dr. Wade. It's Adam.\" He was still alive. \"Adam? To what do I owe the pleasure? Is everything ok?\" Terra squinted in the darkness as if she was trying to see his face but to no avail. \"Not exactly.\" Adam replied in a strained urgent tone. \"What's going on?\" She was terrified that he would confirm her worst nightmare of the demon prince returning to kill people and destroy the world. \"It's really difficult to explain over the phone…would you be able-or willing- to help me one last time?\" Adam asked politely, giving a hint of 'you-don't really have a choice.' In the feeling of her gut she then gave a command decision, \"Yes. Where are you?\" Grabbing her keys off the nightstand and shoes, Terra wandered to her car to drive to the cathedral. Adam hung up the phone and handed the small cell to Voran. Voran looked at the stolen thing with curiosity, human technology never ceased to amaze the two. \"What did she say?\" Voran inquired politely angling her head at Adam. Adam simply said, \"She's on her way.\" Voran looked thoughtful and said hmm. Adam squinted, \"What's wrong?\" \"Oh nothing.\" Voran lied through gritted teeth. Adam knew better, \"Do you not trust her?\" \"It's not that.\" Voran said with a fake smile. \"What is it that angers you so?\" Adam pried. \"How close are you to this woman?\" Voran said, glaring accusingly at him. Her long dark hair with its highlight glinted in the darkness of the castle-room. Surprisingly, Adam took his gloved hand and tried to hide the smile upon his perfectly carved face. This smile peaked Voran's curiosity. \"Why the hell are you smiling, Adam?\" \"You're jealous and it is pretty funny.\" His grin flashed dangerously on his tan skin. Voran glared at him and sassed, \"Oh, so you think this is funny? It won't be funny when the walls are painted red.\" Adam laughed at her ferocity. On a normal situation a threat from her is worth considering, but in this instance it was hilarious. \"I like it when you're angry. Makes me feel desirable.\" He leaned in towards her, but only her head pulled away, still wrapped in his arms as they sat upon their little cot. The window above their heads let in the light into the dark and frightfully bare room. \"I don't like how you are enjoying this. I don't like her already, and I haven't even met her!\" Voran growled. Voran just looked straight ahead to the large wooden door with the iron lock and gothic archway. Adam playfully kissed her neck, then whispered into her right ear, \"You're jealous.\" \"What's to be jealous of? I won.\" Voran gestured to her ballooned gut. Adam chuckled, \"Clearly you did.\" Voran just continued to jokingly glare at him with a fake frown which he proceeded to kiss with obvious resistance. A sharp rapping on the door made them jump, and they both became instantly serious. They stood to go greet their awaited guest. Voran placed her black bulky trenchcoat on to make it less noticeable. Or at least delay inevitable awkwardness. Adam opened the heavy door to a blonde woman who looked half asleep and in the cheap pajamas that looked like scrubs from Wal-mart. \"Hello Adam.\" Terra greeted, looking at him. Until he opened the door wider she saw Voran instantly, realizing that Adam wasn't alone in his room. \"Come in.\" Adam offered, opening the door until it touched the wall. Voran saw her before Terra could see Voran in the background. \"Oh, I didn't know that you had company.\" Terra mumbled to herself, thinking that they'd be alone together. The other two didn't hear. \"Hello.\" Voran said politely. She studied the woman, seeing a timid little thing that seemed afraid of her. Nothing out of the norm for Voran. She was used to being mocked because of her visible tanline-scars on her face and neck. Terra looked at Voran with horror, and tried to mask it, but clearly failed with the obvious expression on the mysterious woman's face. The roll of her eyes and suppressed sigh gave Terra the indication that this woman was used to humiliation. It was surprising because Terra didn't expect this, and she is was a surgeon who worked with corpses! Adam did the introductions, \"Dr. Wade, this is my wife, Voran.\" He walked over and stood beside her closely. They hid their clasped hands to Voran's right behind her long coat, but the subtlety wasn't unnoticed by Terra. \"Hello.\" Voran said extending a left hand for a handshake. This was unexpected, since the gesture was expected from Terra and expected to be left hanging by Voran. Perhaps it was the presence of trust Adam had that comforted Voran. \"This is Dr. Terra Wade.\" Adam glanced at her. Terra just looked at the two, trying to absorb it all. Terra left Voran's handshake hanging in the air. Almost offended, Voran immediately dropped her hand to her side, and Terra snapping out of her trance said, \"Hello, you can call me Terra.\" She did a timid wave towards Voran, who just said. \"He calls me V, but you can call me Voran.\" Voran was clearly irritated, but overall indifferent to the shy person five feet from her. Her indifference still had intimidation to Terra, but she tried to brave herself to the intimidating woman before her holding Adam's hand. Adam ended the silence with, \"The reason I called you here was to help us with something medical, obviously.\" Both ladies directed their attention at him, \"What do you know about childbirth?\" There was silence as Terra was puzzled by this, \"Well, theoretically, since I am a doctor versed in anatomy I could help, but I worked with corpses not live people. I work with microscopes these days…\" She trailed off. Voran then encouraged, \"Well Adam and I don't trust easy, and he said you could help, and I believe you can. If it is any consolation, I-like Adam-am a reanimated corpse.\" Terra was about to ask before Voran continued, \"Yes, I am reanimated like Adam. We were made by the same man over two-hundred years ago. But listen close, the tricky part is that I am pregnant,\" Voran revealed her enlarged self from the darkness of her coat, \"with Adam's child.\" Terra was rendered speechless at the notion of it all. It seemed impossible, yet here the evidence stood before her. \"I guess I could help. How far along are you?\" Terra asked. \"I should be due in less than the next week or so.\" Voran said quietly. Adam encircled his left arm around Voran's back stroking her sides and back. Voran leaned her head on his shoulder. Terra felt a sudden rush of envy, but dismissed it to say, \"I will help then.\" \"Thank you,\" Voran genuinely stated. Adam said, \"Thank you Dr. Wade, I know this must be strange and frightening, but we appreciate it. Like Voran said, we couldn't trust anyone else with this delicate unique task.\" \"Not a problem.\" Terra gulped, still looking at the round shape upon the woman before her. \"Oh and the most important detail, is that demons want the child.\" Adam added. Terra flicked her gaze to Adam in sheer frozen horror. \"But they're all dead.\" Her voice dropped. \"Doesn't matter. The point is that they are back and they made it obvious when we hunted them that they want me for the baby.\" Voran replied. \"Don't worry, we don't think they'd hurt you, but it is a fair warning.\" Adam tried to reassure her. Terra's face remained unchanged until Voran said, \"Adam and I will be protected not only by this fortress, but by the gargoyles, and by us. You will be safe, but we do need your help.\" \"Ok then.\" Terra reluctantly agreed. Adam went to escort her out into the long dark hall. Voran remained to sit at the bed, slightly tired. \"Adam-\" Terra began. \"Look, I'm sorry if this is difficult for you. I know that demons are not for the lighthearted, but we needed some help.\" Adam interjected. \"It's not 100% about that,\" Terra said, \"I just wished I knew…\" She trailed off. Adam looked to his boots, \"I'm sorry.\" Terra shook her head, \"It's better that you found someone like you that you can love for a long time. God knows I will die much faster. No matter, I'm glad you're happy.\" Terra wiped away tears from the pain of unrequited love. \"I know it isn't much but,\" Adam lifted her chin with his hand, \"at some point, I felt the same. I just knew I wasn't for you, you are meant for someone better. I have someone meant for me, and I her, it worked out for the best. Now go find a regular man to be happy with.\" Terra nodded, sobbing into Adam's chest. He gave a comforting hug, but looked around the dark hallway at the nearby artwork. Terra left, and Adam returned to the room, closing the door behind him. Voran said, \"I'm sorry I ruined that.\" Looking up to Adam, still seated, Voran gave a blank face. \"That was a crush,\" Adam gestured behind him to Terra, \"The moment I saw you…I knew we were meant to love each other. We belong together forever. I have loved you since that second onward.\" He sat next to her, looking at the side of her face, looking down at her hands. He brushed her cheek with the back of his now ungloved hand. He felt her smooth skin with the ever so slight bump of where the pieces of skin were sewn near her ears, jaw, and neck. Voran leaned towards Adam's shoulder, only moving her eyes and not her head. \"I'm glad you love me, but are you satisfied with just me? I love you enough to know that if you wanted to be with her, I'd let you go.\" Adam just said, \"If given a second chance, I wouldn't change a thing. I want you to be happy with me. I'm selfish that way.\" \"Then I am selfish to because I want you to be happy with me.\" Voran replied. They both whispered 'I love you' to each other before they kissed, lied down, and spent the rest of the evening together in their room as husband and wife. Queen Lenore sat on her throne in her chambers, as Adam stood before her, \"…will you help me?\" He asked. The most dangerous ruse thinkable was asked of Lenore, \"Does she know of this?\" \"No.\" Adam hushed. \"Then I can help. God help us.\" She prayed.[Chapter 7] Terra went home feeling emptier than when she went to the church. Odd, she thought, when someone comes out of a religious establishment, you're supposed to feel better never worse. It seems that Dr. Frankenstein kept his promise after all, and so Terra was at least relieved to know that she would be free of her obligation to make Adam a companion…in that sense. She hoped that she would be the companion he looked for, clearly she was mistaken. It was better, since she knew that other than her, Adam, and Voran, there was always a risk that the demons would try and destroy humanity with the corpse method just like before. Something clicked in Terra's head when she read the journal before Adam, or the gargoyles, probably destroyed it. She remembered that Dr. Frankenstein's wife had died, and in his journal on the dedication page, she remembered a name and face of a woman that Terra deemed insignificant. The moment Terra placed her head upon her pillow it hit her-Voran was Elizabeth Frankenstein, Dr. Frankenstein's murdered wife. Rubbing her temples, she realized that one of two options occurred; either Dr. Frankenstein reanimated her for his own purposes or to keep his promise to Adam. She wondered if Adam or Voran knew-or even cared for that matter. Terra slept knowing that even though she was home; she felt oddly safe in spite of everything. Of course she remembered how Lenore made her promise to keep a lot of what she went through a secret. But would it matter since some people in the world wouldn't believe it regardless of the evidence? It was an odd notion. Terra thought to herself, playing with the idea on the possibility of a child with Adam. This fantasy was only that, a dream. As she closed her eyes, she dreamt of what would happen; but it ended in a truthful nightmare. She dreamt of a zombie-like child that was evil as it was ugly being the unnatural mix of a living human and a fabricated one. It would bring demons and chaos beckoning on humanity's doorstep. Destruction and blood would reign as the gargoyles would end the misery. Eventually, Terra would die before Adam; waking from this nightmare, she knew that there would be no happy ending with Adam and her. It did work out for the best as he said, but now she had to find a new boyfriend and career to regain some sense of \"normality.\" At least she could live vicariously with Voran's kid. What would it be, a boy or girl? Would there be multiples? What would it/they look like? How would they behave? Could they reproduce, with regular people? There were so many questions for the ever inquisitive Dr. Terra Wade. Only time would tell. The entire time that Adam and Voran have lived with the gargoyles at first caused a rift. Over time with the two (the only humans-more or less-who can keep up with the gargoyles) proved themselves trustworthy with the Order because they descended demons often and very well. Before the Order knew of Voran's pregnancy, everything seemed routine. Now venturing into the unknown, faith was tested, possibilities fantasized, and the entire order of things changed-it was a time of new destinies and uncharted territory. One day, Voran knelt at a small altar in a private chaplet room, small enough to hold perhaps ten people. Sunlight streamed in the multicolored glass on three sides giving Voran an iridescent glow on her raven hair and ivory streak. Her tiger's eye brown irises gleamed in the light as she prayed. Hearing feet behind her, Voran didn't break her trance looking at the crucifix before her. Queen Lenore knelt beside her quietly whispering, \"It's almost time.\" Voran looked at the gargoyle queen and saw Lenore gesture to her bump. Voran gave a tiny grin, \"Yes, it is.\" \"What shall you name the child?\" Lenore inquired. Voran considered the question thoughtfully, \"Adam and I have not decided. But if I were the only one deciding, for a girl I think Phoenix. For a boy I think Matrosen, Matt for short.\" \"Those are good names. Hopefully they are not twins.\" Lenore jested. \"I hope not.\" Voran raised an eyebrow indicating overwhelmed stress. \"In my prayers, and sometimes my dreams, I hear the archangels speak to me.\" Lenore quietly mentioned. \"I am guessing they mentioned something about Adam and me?\" Voran implicated. \"Just you. I get visions that you could be humanity's great protector, more so than any gargoyle or archangel. Or you could be the greatest undoing of all. I don't know what will happen in the next few days, but I trust your moral faith will guide you.\" She gave her views with some fear and reverence; Voran simply couldn't respond to the oddity of the statement. With the booming silence hanging overhead, Lenore quickly left, leaving Voran contemplating what demons and gargoyles were up to. Voran was forming a plan in her head for when the demons would come. She'd have to use unconventional methods of defense, because gargoyles and Adam simply weren't enough. Just outside the stained glass window, Voran saw a black bird that always seemed to watch her. Getting up, Voran inspected the bird closely. The bird seemed ordinary until she saw an odd mark on its little foot. She immediately went to the library to look up the foreign symbol. Browsing through the pages of many occult books, she found that it was a curse of ensorcellment; the bird is a demonic spy. Slamming the book shut, it startled the others in the library. Voran walked with a fast strong pace to go find Adam. They were being watched all the time. No wonder the demons stopped coming; they're waiting for me, thought Voran. They had to prepare for the worst because they all knew that the fate of humanity to some degree, depended on who has the unborn child. Belial listened to the bird of everything it listened to and everything it saw over the months. In turn, Belial reported to Naberious. \"Excellent. When the child is born we will take it and learn the secrets of its life. Victory is close at hand. Belial, go watch my bride-to-be; I don't want them to try and keep this from us. In fact,\" Naberious's eyes glinted, \"We should move up the birthdate. You know what you should do.\" Belial grinned devilishly, knowing how to do exactly what his master asked. The war for humanity was close at hand, and both sides prepared for the worst while praying for the best. Only time would tell what fate would come into fruition from the birth of one little infant.[Chapter 8] Dreams came swiftly. Voran saw visions of a forest with mist flowing about her. She heard the voice of a child, a boy. Giggling filled the air, and Voran saw that in her dream she had no child upon her. As though her feet were stuck in syrup, she could only run slowly when she wanted her feet to flee. The night sky was brilliant, but the tinge of orange was not from the bleeding sunset. Instead, it was from a forest fire that disturbed the peace. Voran saw a little boy that looked an awful like Adam but smaller, with his dirty hoodie that barely fit. The child looked between 6-10 years old, but had greenish eyes like Adam, with similar dirty blonde hair. Voran called out to the boy, \"Wait!\" The boy giggled and replied, \"Follow me.\" In spite of the fire at the edge of the forest, it didn't seem to spread. In fact the fire seemed to encircle the two in a wide expanse of the woods. Voran followed the kid like normal. When she caught up to him she grabbed him to look at him, \"What's your name?\" \"Matt is my name. Your Voran right?\" the little boy asked. Voran nodded, \"Where are you running to?\" As she knelt before him, she heard another voice. A whisper at first that seemed an untraceable echo, shifted in direction. Then it seemed to come from the boy's mouth, \"They're coming.\" Voran had a feeling she knew who he referred to, yet curiosity got the better of her, \"You're my son aren't you?\" Matt nodded. He turned his head and Voran's head followed. A man stood there, appearing from nowhere. Voran stood up, standing in front of her son, \"Who are you?\" The man answered with a gentle smile, \"I am an Archangel of our God, Michael.\" Voran realized that this was no ordinary dream but a message, a warning to her. \"I thought you don't talk to people except gargoyles these days.\" Voran looked puzzled at him. Michael smiled again, \"These days more so perhaps, but that's because people usually don't listen to the method in which we speak to them. No matter, you always have listened to your dreams and memories.\" Michael paused as he came closer to Voran. \"I came to you to warn you of what is to come. You are aware of it are you not?\" \"I know Naberious wants my son. But they are just demons, nothing we can't handle…right?\" Voran seemed to waver in her courage. \"Our Father wants me to warn you so that no mistakes are made in protecting your son-\" Michael started. \"Does something bad happen? What is it?\" Voran asked so worriedly, that Michael came over to her putting his finger to her lips saying \"Shhhh.\" Instantly, she felt a wave of calm overcame her. The calm turned back into strength of courage. \"I'm sorry, continue please. I can't stand losing my family or my soul again.\" Voran whispered. \"We take paths to avoid something only to encounter it; I trust your judgement will embrace either outcome wisely.\" Michael said. Voran nodded, her hair briefly covering her eyes. \"The war between gargoyles and demons over the fate of humanity on earth is never ending. I trust you know of the end of days?\" Voran looked suspiciously and said, \"I have a feeling that you're going to tell me that the demons don't just simply want my child to learn the secrets of life and take vessels is it?\" Michael shook his head sadly, \"No. If you know, the Earth is the neutral ground between Heaven and Hell in a physical plane. There is a cycle for humanity that comes erratically for its fate. Humanity, having free will, can choose where it wishes to fall into the hands of, assuming humanity falls instead of lives and prospers-that is a choice too. The Demons as we know wish to take vessels, and with your existence it is possible, or even the birth of your children-\" \"Children?\" Voran asked. Michael smiled warmly, \"You are carrying fraternal twins Voran. Beautiful little unique souls. I was there when their souls were designed and it was breathtaking.\" Voran's mind's eye could not cry in the dream, but the vison became blurred. Voran smiled for a moment, before it fell. Michael returned to what he was saying, \"The Demons cheat. By taking vessels, they take the souls of humans and bring Hell on Earth against their will, and even if humanity chose that fate because of their intents and actions, the apocalypse is premature in this case because of demons-no matter how erratic the cycle is, because it's based on the will of humanity. There is usually a balance between the two forces of good and evil, that balance is led by an archangel called the Protector. The Protector is usually the best soldier who takes it on of their own free will. This protector keeps humanity safe until it is ready; that is done by guarding the Spear of Destiny which is the one of four items (along with the nails of the Nazarene) that can break the Seal on the Ark of the Covenant. The Ark houses many items of defense that can help humans fight demons in the battle for their souls in the end of days, if Hell takes over but living humans wish for redemption. If the demons take over, they will take this away from humanity, stripping them of their freewill and only protection. Mind you weapons like Gabriel's Horn, which was given to Joshua, destroyed a whole fort of Jericho, the Grail which can heal wounds, and The Reaper's Flaming Scythe which can kill demons or redeem lost human souls, The Staff of Moses which can unleash plagues onto the wicked and other items as well.\" \"So who is the angel I need to find to help us? I mean this butterfly effect of a story you're telling me indicates that I need to protect my child and find this protector to save us if I fail just so humanity won't lose. Who is it?\" Voran genuinely inquired. Michael walked with Voran, changing the scenery into a garden, but the entire color seemingly had a light purple film over everything except them two. Voran noticed a beautiful field of tall grass waving like wheat in the wind and flowers of all kinds grew close to the grand old twisty trees. Michael looked at Voran deep into her eyes, piercing her soul with truth and courage, \"Voran even when you were alive before that human Doctor resurrected you, and you were never human.\" She felt where this was going and flushed deep pink in her face. \"You can't be saying what the Gargoyle Queen said is true…\" \"You were an archangel before you fell from grace. You fell for the human who resurrected you into something else. Why else are you of all people more obsessed with the idea of redemption, love, protection, and servitude? You never regained your human soul; you regained the angelic soul you once had.\" Michael whispered proudly to her. It made sense as to why Voran could be a unique person of freewill, a soul, and a heavy responsibility outside of herself. To learn that she had the grace of angels…The Queen was right, Voran could save everyone all over from the Demon hoards and their corpse factories. \"Loraine said that I could also be the undoing of all of us? What did she mean?\" Voran asked, feeling the time was fleeting. \"Naberious is a demon prince who seeks out the Babylonian Whore, the one he will claim to bare his demon spawn. Unlike the rest of humanity, he will give her the enticing choice to fall from grace again and lead others there too. She'd be the Mother of Evil, like Lilith before her. It would give way to other dark forces emerging that need not raise, like the Devil or his spawns the Beast or the Condemner. We believe he chose you.\" Michael sounded alien when his voice dropped, like all of his light faded away in the moment, which was unnerving since he is the Angel Prince of Light. Voran looked on in horror at the idea, \"How will he do this? I will not accept of my free will.\" \"I'm glad to hear that, I have faith in you. I don't know how he will tempt you, but be warned he will use any weakness against you to use your free will against you. Take heart Voran, with Our Father in your soul, and your beloved in your heart, I think your courage can rally other gargoyles and angels to continue to protect humanity until the end of days.\" Michael smiled, the light in the dream started to shine until Voran felt she was going blind in the dream. \"I'll always watch over you Voran, but if you need me, just summon my name.\" \"Thank you Michael.\" Voran whispered as the light blinded everything. She mumbled in her sleep and awoke with a start, immediately knowing what she needed to do. ","Summary":" A lone figure hunched near gargoyles atop a large gothic cathedral. In the darkness of the moonligh"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"Storks Drabbles","Author":"DemonWriterX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12162190","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Night time struggle\" Junior moaned painfully as he was woken up again by the sound of crying. He lifted his tired head up and blinked his baggy eyes at the small form writhing in her pod. As he lifted his head, he accidently hit Tulip's chin, which was rested right on top of his own head. He blinked by how tired she was too. Almost like a mirror image of two employees, taking care of a crying baby that they had to deliver in the morning. They both smacked their dry mouths as Tulip, reached gently inside to pick up the raven-haired baby. Junior stared down into the baby's bright blue eyes as he watched Tulip rock her in her arms. \"What time is it?\" Tulip muttered, struggling to keep the baby calm to make her fall back asleep. Junior reached for his phone and glanced at the time, for the third time in a couple of hours. \"Like four in the morning…\" \"She's so fussy.\" Tulip groaned softly as she continued to rock the baby. The little girl writhed and screamed in her arms, refusing to fall back asleep. Tulip leaned back against the rock wall and moved the blanket up towards her to keep herself warm. They both decided to sleep in a cave in the middle of the rocky mountains before making their way to Nevada, where the baby's parents lived. Junior rubbed his eyes and stretched his finger-like feathers towards Tulip and the baby. \"Here, give her to me, it's my turn to hold her anyway.\" He stated softly. Tulip immediately passed the baby to him, glad to have a little break. They always took turns rocking, feeding and changing the babies they deliver together. They never tried to pawn the responsibility off to the other. Junior rocked the baby in his arms and bounced her, hoping to soothe the fussing child. It was a slow pace and they were in for a long day. Junior hummed a little tune to the baby. Since he was a talent for singing. He is usually the one to sing to the babies while Tulip dances. Sometimes they switch but Tulip's singing voice seem to make them cry louder. The baby's cries began to lessen as she listened to his little song. Tulip sighed and rested her head on Junior's shoulder. A small smile etched across her face. \"You're such a good dad.\" She whispered truthfully, closing her eyes for a moment. Junior lifted his head and turned to her. He blinked when he noticed her resting on his shoulder, with her arm wrapped around his shoulder and a warm hand on the baby. \"You think so?\" He asked, turning back to the baby, who was struggling to fight against sleep. Tulip nodded and hummed in agreement. He leaned his head against her red hair, his cheek brushing against her frizzy hair. \"Well...I think you're a good mom.\" She lifted her head and smiled as he could only described as a mixture of a drunk and sleep deprived grin. \"Aw, do you really think that about me?\" She asked with a slight giggle. He nodded and smiled back at her. \"Yeah, I really do.\" She snorted and collapse on his shoulder again. \"You're so sweet.\" she mumbled into his ear. He clutched the sleeping baby close to his chest as his head began to slump down. \"No…\" he argued and leaned against her head. \"You're so sweet...l-like candy.\" he opened his mouth and let out a yawn. He suddenly heard her whisper back to him something that he would always remember. It made him smile through the rest of the night. \"I'm glad I'm with you, Junior.\" His eyes grew heavy and his body became like jelly but before sleep could take him, he swiftly replies. \"I'm glad you're with me too, Tulip.\" With that, the two rested peacefully until they abruptly woke up an hour later by the cries of the baby.[Chapter 2] Junior is finally Boss of Storks Industries, instead of delivering packages he is delivering newborn babies to their respected families. This was a sudden change to him and the company since they had been delivering packages for the last eighteen years but all that changed when Orphan Tulip (who is not an orphan anymore) came into his life. Which was more like dramatically changed it when they accidentally created a baby. It had been almost a year since that delivery and Junior still stared at the picture, that held his first baby delivery, to this day. He kept it up on a mural of photos and letters from happy customers. He smiled fondly of the never ending photos when he walked by it every morning. With a coffee in one wing and a clip board in the other, he strolled into his office while taking a sip of his de-cafe. All he wanted to do is sit back in his chair and go over the list of babies that need to be delivering. \"Hey Junior!\" Yelled an excitable voice making him spit out his coffee in alarm as he saw the red haired young women, known as Tulip, spin around in his chair with her arms and legs up in the air as if riding a roller coaster. \"I bet I can go super fast on this thing!\" Junior coughed and hit his chest as he grimaced at Tulip. \"What are you doing in my chair? Don't you know that is reserved for the boss, and by that I mean, me.\" He said as he walked up to her placing a firm wing on the desk. Tulip propped her feet up on the wooden desk and leaned back. \"I don't see your name on it.\" She teased and smirked when Junior gave her a frown. \"I'll burn my name into the leather next time...now come on, we have a lot of work to do. We have letters piling in by the thousands to feed into the baby-making machine.\" He said motioning to the extremely complicated machine of knobs and balls through the window of his office. \"Remind me what that thing is made out of?\" Tulip asked with an arched brow. Junior brushed the question off. \"Ah who knows? What a twist.\" He said motioning her to get off his chair, with a frown, Tulip obliges. \"So what baby are we delivering today?\" She smiled as she took a seat right on the desk. Junior sipped his coffee calmly. \"Oh no not we, I don't do that anymore.\" \"What. Why?\" She asked as she leaned over. He flinched and moved the clipboard aside from her prying eyes. \"No reason. I'm just boss now and I can let the other storks do it. No big deal.\" Tulip snorted and laughed slightly. \"Oh I get it! Is it because you bawl like a baby every time you deliver a baby?\" \"No!\" Junior said defiantly, crossing his arms childishly. Tulip laughed even harder. \"Yes it is! Yes it is!\" She sanged. \"Awww poor Junior, do you want a hug from Tulip?\" She said stretching her arms out to him. Junior blushed slightly and turned his head away. \"Don't you need to invent something?\" \"Aww come on, tell Tulip about your feelings.\" She cooed leaning herself closer to him, he scooted away with his chair. \"Tulip, no! There's nothing to talk about!\" \"Aw come on! Come here!\" \"N-no, no, remember we have to stay in professional relation-!\" He was cut off by Tulip wrapping her arms around his neck and pressing her cheek against his. For a moment he froze. Wings on the desk and unable to respond. He heard her let out a sweet giggle. \"There isn't that nice?\" \"No. I actually feel super uncomfortable.\" \"Shh, just accept it.\" She whispered. \"It's okay to feel sad when the babies leave.\" He slowly frowned at that thought. He wouldn't admit it out loud but her hug was actually working. \"I just miss'em.\" He admits softly, resting his head against her. \"It's not easy letting them go and having them grow up...without you.\" He sniffed, fighting back the tears. Tulip smiled gently and patted his head. \"Hey, it's okay...but isn't it fun too? Taking that baby and seeing how happy the parents are. Seeing them together? Like it's supposed to be?\" He blinked and chuckled softly. \"Yeah, I guess that's true…\" \"And...if you ever feel sad, well, you got me!\" She perked. \"And all the hugs you can get, at anytime, I won't mind.\" \"Even in the bathroom?\" She pulled away from that and Junior immediately shut his beak. \"Ew, no! Where did that come from?\" \"Sorry! Ruined the moment there…\" He cringed. \"Yeah, yeah you did.\"[Chapter 3] Junior was now done for the day. The lights of Stork Mountain were turned off and all the employees had gone home. Junior rubbed his tired eyes as he checked off the last parts of his list. His desk lamp the only source of light he had in the entire building. With a yawn, he imagined himself already in his perch wrapped in a warm blanket and a soft pillow to rest his head on. Once he double checked his list and made sure that every delivery made it on time he shut off his desk lamp, ready to call it a night. He stretched his wings as he stood up, glancing at the clock he saw that it was passed midnight. \"Woof.\" He muttered. \"Good thing it's the weekend.\" He smiled to himself as he strolled out of his office into the dark building. As he made his way passed the baby-making machine, he saw a lone light in the distance. He blinked when he realized that it was Tulip's new workshop, and also the place where she calls home since she technically lives on Stork Mountain. He thought of it as strange since she should have been asleep hours ago. He quickly made his way down a set of metal grated staircases. The stairs creaked underneath his feet as he slowly made his way closer to the source of the light. He wondered if Tulip might have accidentally left her light on. When he made it to the bottom he was greeted by the shining bulb hanging just above him in the large room. The workshop was filled with would be inventions, still unfinished and blueprints scatter across the floor and desks she had. There was a lone twin bed at the end of the room, empty and with the blankets untouched. There was a thick white tape on the floor that outlined what exactly was her bedroom, the lines representing walls. Junior immediately saw her sitting on her chair, inthralled in a book and intensely writing in it. \"Tulip?\" He called out, making her suddenly whirl back at him shutting her book in a loud slam. \"Junior!...what are you doing in my room? I told you to knock!\" She said pointing to the left. Junior looked down and saw that he had crossed the border. He rolled his eyes and took a step back out of it. Tulip crossed her arms and turned away making him knock on the invisible door but he had to make the sound to get her attention. \"Yes?\" She called out with her eyes shut. \"Who is it?\" Junior rolled his eyes again as he is always subjected into knocking on her imaginary walls. \"It's me.\" He said dully. \"Junior. Can I come in?\" Tulip's eyes snapped open. \"Hold on I'm not decent!\" She yelled out, even though he saw she was still in her uniform. Tulip waited a couple of seconds before turning back around with a large smile. \"Okay! Come in!\" He stepped inside making Tulip gasp in surprise as if she had hardly see him even though she said goodbye a few hours prior. \"Junior! Wow! What a surprise, what brings you down here?\" He pointed to the light. \"I thought you were already asleep.\" Her eyes shifted to the book in less than a second. He titled his his head at her and cleared his throat. \"Everything okay?\" Tulip shifted in her seat, clutching her knees as she swayed side to side. \"Yup! Couldn't be better I just woke up and couldn't get back to sleep you know? So I was just writing some ideas down…\" \"Oh.\" He crossed his arms and tapped against them with his wings. \"I just think it's a little weird since you're usually a deep sleeper and I have never seen you so...awake.\" \"Junior.\" She began letting out a snort. \"I'm fine! I just couldn't sleep is all, just too many things going on in my head or something…\" She said turning back around on her desk. He saw her look at a picture frame that held her whole family. The one she had meet just almost a year ago. Junior had never seen so much red hair in one family. He actually thought that was rare since having red hair is usually a genetic trait- \"Uh Junior?\" He blinked suddenly snapping out of it to see Tulip looking at him as if he had just grown a third wing. \"You been staring at me for like a full minute, it's super creepy.\" He cringe slightly. \"Sorry, it's just um…how's your family?\" He perked suddenly coming up right to the photo. \"Everything you wanted?\" Tulip seemed stricken by the question and held a tight lip. \"...yeah, yeah they're great!\" She said with a smile only for it to fall. \"I'm having dinner with them this weekend.\" He gave her a smile. \"That's...swell.\" He slapped himself mentally for using the word. It made him sound awkward and weird. \"And you like them?\" \"Yeah of course I do, they're my family! I love them!\" She exclaimed. \"Than…\" He swallowed and moved the photo closer to him. \"What's the matter?\" \"Hmm? I don't know what you mean.\" \"Ah, it could be me and maybe my eyes are tired for staring at a computer screen for three hours straight while going over the baby deliveries but you look kinda….sad? Maybe?\" He said, almost fishing for her to admit it herself. He wasn't really good at reading her emotions since they were all over the place. Her eyes lowered at him and let out a frown, she turned away and stroked the cover of her book. \"Actually, the reason why I couldn't sleep is because I was thinking about the babies…\" She admitted quietly. \"Why?\" \"I don't know I was just thinking that what if...what if a baby's beaker breaks!?\" She suddenly yelled out making him take a step back. \"Than we will have no idea where they lived or who they're parents are and they'll end up just like me!\" She took a breath holding back her tears. Junior immediately placed a wing on her shoulder and went down eye level with her. \"Hey, hey, that will never happen…\" \"But it did with me! And if happened once it will happen again, and recently I began being really scared for them because I don't want them to be orphans and miss their families!\" \"Tulip-\" she immediately wiped her eyes, sniffling to herself, her face turn a tint of red from holding back tears. He slowly smiles. \"You know, some sloppy human told me that it's not healthy to hold in your emotions…\" She looked up at him in a slight annoyance but as soon as her lip quivered, she cried right onto his shoulder. He patted her back gently when she wrapped her arms around him in a tight hug. \"Sorry.\" She whimpered. \"I just get so worried about them and it might be because I'm a girl or something…even though that's totally sexist.\" \"No, no I totally get it.\" Junior replied. He pushed her away gently and watched her dry her tears again. \"I think that is something to seriously talk about on Monday.\" She sniffed. \"Really?\" Junior rubbed the bottom of his beak in thought. \"I think the beakers shouldn't be the only source that tells us where the babies live, we might need to create a backup, but I have no idea how.\" Tulips eyes lite up and grabbed her book, immediately flipping to her last entry. \"That is exactly what I was working on! A working backup!\" He blinked rapidly when she began telling him her whole idea as she pointed to a drawing of what appeared to be a usb drive shaped like a stork. \"I was think of creating a single working drive that automatically connects to our system, I think I can put it into the baby making machine and once the babies are made, we take it out and put it immediately in the computer and bam!\" She slammed the book shut. \"A worse case scenario kicked out the door!\" Junior grabbed the boom slowly out of her hands. \"That's actually a really good idea…I think this might work!\" Tulip clapped her hands. \"Oh you think so! I am so excited, I'll work on it right now!\" She zipped passed him nearly knocking him off his feet. He put up a finger as he saw her know everything off her table to begin a brand new blue print. \"Uh right now? Right now? It's like...almost one in the morning?\" \"Uh huh!\" She began drawing on top of the blueprint while also scribbling down notes and calculations. He stared at her in disbelief and shrugged. \"Okay than, night!\" He began heading to the stairs befor Tulip called out to him. \"Wait! I might need some help!\" He stopped dead in his tracks and slowly turned back, he really did not want to spend all night on a pro-his face fell when he saw Tulip clutching her hands together, her eyes wide and glossy as her lower lip quivered. His face fell and he let out a long sigh. \"Okay I'll help you, but only for five minutes.\" Tulip smiled widely and nodded. \"Yeah that's perfect!\" \"Tulip. Just five minutes and then I'm going to my perch, right?\" \"Yup. Uh huh, perfect.\" \"Okay.\" He strolled back to her and after five minutes became five hours, he found himself occupying her bed, unable to keep up with her energy.[Chapter 4] She noticed how Junior always seemed to land on his feet. He always looked cool and collected. The way he leaped off the building to deliver babies and dive in amazing speed, made Tulip's mouth open in sheer awe. She wished to fly like him. She would never admit it to anyone but the real reason she built her jet pack is to fly, just like Junior. She nimbly connected the two wires together, watching as the electricity sparked before she glued the two live fuses. She removed her goggles and wiped the sweat off her brow as she looked at her jet pack. The two cylinders made out of oxygen tanks were fused together as she melted the metal together with her blowtorch. She adjusted the straps to the vest that was attached to her pack and made sure her back up wings was folded neatly in her emergency bag. She admired her work and grabbed a dirty rag, making it shine. She was certain that this time, she was going to fly. He brushed her frizzy red hair back and felt an unusual warm breeze hit her ear. \"What are you working on?\" \"Gah!\" She yelled out In surprised and scrambled across her desk and covered her precious with a sheet before turning around to the person, or bird that sneaked up on her. She blinked when she saw no one but looked down to see the dull expression on Pigeon Toady's face. \"What's up brah? Didn't mean to scare ya.\" He said nasally titling his head to the side. Her face fell and crossed her arms at him. \"Hey pigeon Toady, what brings you to my workshop?\" Pigeon Toady blinked slowly, taking a moment to process her question before replying. \"Oh yeah, Boss bro needs tah see ya brah, says it real important…\" \"Junior wants to see me? Why didn't he text me?\" She glanced back to her work desk and brushed aside the loose pieces of paper as she tried to find her phone. \"I think he did brah…\" \"No, I would have heard-there it is!\" She snatched the rainbow colored case and flipped it over to the screen. She cringed when she saw the missed messages. 15 missed calls 21 unread texts 3 voice mails. \"Oh boy.\" She said as she stood up from her chair. \"I guess I really didn't hear him, thanks for telling me Pidgeon Toady!\" She said as she rushed towards her spiral metal staircase. Pigeon Toady lifted up his wing and gave her a thumbs up. \"Sure thing brah!\" \"Oh and don't touch anything please!\" She yelled out as she ran up the stairs. \"I have very sensitive equipment.\" \"Sure! Yeah! Okay! No problem!\" Tulip ran across the floor of the building of stork's mountain running passed the employees delivering the babies for today to their families. She avoided making eye contact with the babies because if she does, she will be compelled to stay and play with them. She ran even fast to avoid that situation. She ran into a small office space as she kicked open the door. \"Okay!\" She gasped, struggling to catch her breath. \"I'm here! What do you need Junior?\" She asked. Junior was surrounded with state of the art computers. Each screen had lists of babies marked with green or red. Green meant that they had been delivered and Red meant they haven't yet. The only difference today is that all of the screens had a massive error message. Junior appeared ready to pull of his feathers when she burst in. \"Tulip! Oh thank gosh! You gotta help me! I think I pressed the wrong button again!\" Tulip rolled her eyes. Typical. Junior was cool and collected when flying and delivering but doing simple time management and list checking on the computers is too much for him to handle. This was the fourth time she came in here to help him with computer problems. \"Junior, not this again.\" She complained softly as she made her way beside him. Her fingers danced along the keyboard as Junior watched her in amazement as she began fixing the problem. \"Mr boss man needs to learn more about computers.\" She grinned. Junior gave her a mock laugh. \"Just give me a delivery any day, but a computer? Forget about it. I always seem to be a jinx when it comes to computers.\" He replied with a slight annoyance. Tulip smiled gently at him and pressed on the last key making the error sign disappear. Junior let out a sigh of relief. \"Thanks Tulip...I wish I was smart like you.\" He said when he began typing on the computer, continuing where he left off. Tulip straightened at him and rubbed her elbow slightly, a small blush began to form. \"Really?\" Junior chuckle as he tapped on the keys, not taking his eyes off the screen. \"Yeah, I mean who builds a plane with all the scraps she finds? Not to mention all those inventions you're working on…\" Tulip snorted and smiled with embarrassment. \"Oh I don't know about that, I always kinda think that you…\" She brushed a piece of red hair away from her eyes, her mouth going in a thin line. Junior didn't catch her sudden silence until he slowly turned his head. \"Huh? What about me?\" He asked with a smile. \"I was just thinking that you were always so co-!\" The sudden alarm of the error message appeared again making Junior turn back around and groan loudly. \"Ugh! Not again, I don't get what I'm doing wrong!\" He slammed his face down on the keyboard, giving up. \"Maybe I should hire someone else to do this.\" He muttered on the dirty keys. Tulip placed her hand on his back. \"No, come on Junior, it's simple! I'll teach you!\" He lifted his head up and slumped into his hand that was his wing. \"Let's just face it, I'm dumb when it comes to computers.\" \"No, come on cool guy! Here I'll show you!\" she quickly grabbed a chair and sat close to him. He turned his head at her. \"You think I'm cool?\" Tulip stopped typing and slowly shrugged. \"Um yeah, I mean I always thought you were cool even before we became friends.\" She typed again and pointed to the screen. \"See you keep accidentally pressing the send key which makes the computer freeze up.\" Junior nodded absentmindedly. \"Why'd you think I was cool? And I'm not asking that to fuel my ego, I'm just curious.\" He said quickly. Tulip ran her fingers up to her pony tail again. \"Because of how you flew, I mean you fly better than any other stork or bird here! It made me want to fly just like you...that's why I built my jetpack.\" She began typing on the keys more rapidly. \"And I never seen you brag about it! And I seen pigeon Toady brag about using two squares of toilet paper an entire day!\" Junior nodded. \"That day was the worst.\" \"And, I thought you are cool in that way too.\" She pressed on a key and made the error signs disappear. \"There, just avoid this key and if it happens just click on this and this, it's a shortcut.\" Junior glance back at Tulip making her suddenly turned pink in the face. \"B-but I know I'm not the only one who thinks that!\" He smiled at her. \"Thanks Tulip, I think your cool too.\" She scoffed and brushed the comment away. \"Oh nah!\" \"No, I'm serious.\" He said turning towards her. \"When I finally got to know you, you are the kindest person ever, you're intelligent and when...we were taking care of Diamond Destiny, I thought you were really sweet.\" Tulip slowly let out a large smile and snickered softly. \"Wow, I'm so embarrassed right now, um thank you Junior.\" Junior smiled slightly at her. \"Sure, and thanks for helping me out.\" Tulip got up, ready to head back to work on her project. \"No problem. Always happy to help!\" She headed to the door with a spring to her step. Overwhelming happy to have heard those words out of Junior's mouth. She would be smiling all day. \"Oh uh Tulip?\" She turned thinking that he needed more help with the computers. \"Do you want to...hang out after work today? There's this cool sushi restaurant that opened up on shore, they have tuna!\" he said excitedly, she smirked since Tuna was his favorite fish. \"Oh my gosh, no way! I would love to!\" She gasped loudly as she had an idea. \"We could fly there! I did some stuff with my jetpack!\" Junior's face fell in concern. \"And are you sure it's...controllable?\" \"Pssh! Yeah of course, I made it super easy to control.\" She said slyly, smirking to herself. Suddenly they both flinched when they heard a scream and a sudden crash. They both ran out to the floor, worried that someone might have gotten hurt or worse, have gotten one of the babies hurt. There eyes darted to the ceiling to see Pigeon Toady attached to Tulip's jetpack which was not stuck in between the metal bars, with smoke and fire coming out from the bottom of it. Tulip grabbed her hair and screamed up towards him. \"Pigeon Toady! What are you doing with my jetpack?!\" \"If you didn't want me to touch nothin', you should have said something brah!\" Pigeon Toady called out with his beak up in the air. Tulip would have yanked out her hair if Junior hadn't slowly put down her hands to her sides. Junior swiveled his head towards his employees who were gawking at the ceiling. He pointed out to two of the storks that didn't have their feathers full of babies. \"You two! Get the fire extinguisher!\" Tulip growled and stomped the floor. \"Pigeon Toady! Just wait till I get my hands on you!\"[Chapter 5] \"Sushi Fun time\" Tulip was having the time of her life. She couldn't breathe by how much she was laughing at Junior, who was also laughing along with her. They were both sitting at the sushi bar of the newly opened restaurant just below Stork Mountain called, \"Open Season\" where they strictly sold japanese food. Junior was lucky enough to book a reservation in the evening where it usually gets crowded but anything is possible when your CEO. The restaurant was birds only, but Tulip was always an exception. Tulip snorted and picked up a piece of her tuna roll. \"Okay! Okay! Try catching this one!\" Junior shimmied his shoulders, as if preparing himself. \"Alright, I got it!\" Tulip gingerly balanced the sushi in between her chopsticks. With a tongue out she threw it at Junior, it flew off the left but Junior swiftly snapped his beak right over it. Tulip clapped her hands as he slyly cleaned his teeth with a lone tooth pick. \"How can you keep catching them?\" She exclaimed. \"You never even missed one!\" Junior dusted his shoulder as he puffed out his chest. \"Natural talent, I suppose.\" That made Tulip laugh even louder. She turned to her meal as her laughter died down, shoving a piece of her tuna roll in her mouth. \"Still, this place is so good!\" She muffled enjoying the fresh taste of the fish. Being close to the ocean made the sushi taste so much better than being inland. There was a stork at the other side wearing a chef hat and white apron who skillfully made more sushi rolls in front of them. \"Thanks for paying for my meal!\" She said, giving him a playful nudge in his side. Junior smiled slightly at her while also rubbing his sore side. \"Well, I thought we do something fun since we been so busy with the babies and all.\" He said. \"Yeah, it's good being by ourselves every once in awhile.\" \"Plus! I love tuna so much.\" Junior proclaimed as the chef granted him his third roll of tuna. Tulip chuckled softly as he began devouring it. \"At least slow down, wow! Do you even chew?\" She snorted, laughing at him again. She enjoyed spending time with him any chance they had. They been so busy the last few months that it felt like they were coming back to being work acquaintances. She was glad that when something opened up for the both of them, he was willing to hang out with her. She slowly noticed Junior staring at her with a small smile across his face. She thought it was because her mouth was wide open like a fish as she picked up her last sushi piece. She blushed lightly and shut her mouth. \"What?\" \"I like hearing you laugh.\" Her sushi roll dropped back down on the plate. She looked at him wide eyed as if he had grown a second head. He suddenly shifted his seat and turned away. \"But not in a creeper way of course! I was just making a compliment.\" He said poking at his roll with his chopsticks and laughed almost awkwardly almost like a loud guffaw that made the patrons on the restaurant turn towards him as if they missed a joke. Tulip turned away, not liking so many eyes on them. She blushed and brushed against her curly hair. \"O-oh um thanks.\" She muttered quietly. She shoved the last piece in her mouth. Hoping the food would keep her quiet from saying something embarrassing. What is she suppose to say? 'Hey I like your laugh too! I think it's really cute!' She placed a hand over her face from the thought. She can't say that. Junior drummed his feathers against the counter, having suddenly lost his appetite and wanting secretly to change the subject. \"Uh check please!\" He said to the chef who nodded and went to the register. Junior cover his face with his hand, regretting he ever said that out loud. He was thinking how her laugh-snorts were actually pretty cute and before he knew it, he said it out loud! The two of them were not even talking and Junior was wondering what was taking the chef so long. He wanted the evening to just end and be forgotten. He never realize it would get worst when Pidgeon Toady flew up right between them and perched himself on the countertops. \"What up, my two favorite people!\" He said loudly as he looked over at their plates. \"Oh ya having some sushi? That's cool, that's cool. Yeah I heard this place was on fire so I had to come! How is it?\" Tulip crossed her arms. \"It-it's good! Yeah um the tuna roll is good…\" \"Oh yeah really good.\" Junior replied quickly. Pigeon Toady swiveled his head to the both of them and started to gesture with his feathers. \"Whoa! Did I interrupt somethin'? What's with the awkwardness?\" Tulip scoffed. \"Awkwardness? Nah! Pssh! Pigeon Toady nothing is wrong.\" She cleared her throat and brushed her hair back again. \"Y-yeah!\" Junior began. \"Nothing is wrong!\" Pidgeon Toady blinked slowly and looked ahead. \"Oh! Okay cool brah! Sorry thought I walked into some \"romantic-tension\" or something but you guys are friends!\" Junior and Tulip immediately turned red. \"So there's no problem! Hey waiter! Can I get some service?\" The chef suddenly came around the corner and Junior practically jumped over the counter to grab the check. \"Okay! Here's my card! And add yourself a fifteen percent discount, okay? Okay.\" He jumped out of his seat and walked away to meet the chef to the register. Tulip immediately walked behind him and the two ran out of the restaurant. They stood at the base at the mountain, standing away from each other an arm's length away. \"So! Um!\" Junior began with a cringe in his voice. \"Good night! See you Monday!\" Tulip strapped on her jet pack and nodded feverishly. \"Yup! Night! See you Monday! And thanks for liking my laugh!\" She pressed down on the button and shot straight up into the air. When Monday came along, they pretended nothing ever happened but Tulip and Junior would never stop remembering it.[Chapter 6] It was the holiday season at Stork Mountain, which meant more baby deliveries than usual. On some days, storks were taking six babies at a time to their parents. Over the months, Junior, being CEO built another warehouse beside Stork Mountain. Instead of cold metal and towers of boxes. The warehouse had separate baby rooms made, hundreds of rooms, occupied by three to six babies at a time, with three storks working around the clock to take care of their needs, including Junior and Tulip. \"Okay little guy.\" Junior chuckled as he picked up a blonde headed baby. He sat down on a rocking chair, resting his head back as he takes a warm bottle and press the nipple into the baby's hungry mouth. He always found it relaxing being in a baby's room, which is ironic since it should be the less relaxing place to be but with all the hectic holiday letters, it was nice to get the chance to sit down. With the baby's eyes slowly closing, Junior took a look around the room, seeing the nice blue color on the walls, with white painted storks decorated throughout the room. Blocks and dolls were scattered on the floor making Junior decide to pick them up once he is done feeding the baby. He heard the door of the room click, and immediately sees a tuff of bouncy red hair come in. Tulip's smiling face come into view and she grins when she sees him. She gently tiptoes in and quietly close the door. \"Thought I'll find you here.\" She said softly, taking a seat on another rocking chair, in front of him. \"Yeah well, I need a break from all the letters, sorting out which are kids and which are the real parents is actually getting out of hand.\" Junior said, rubbing his tired eyes. Tulip leaned forward, placing her hands on her knees. \"When was the last time you had a good night's rest?\" \"Hmm, you mean this week?\" He chuckled, making Tulip cross her arms at him. Junior took the empty bottle out and placed the sleepy baby over his shoulder, patting his back gently. \"You really need to sleep.\" She said. \"You're already growing some grey stubble there.\" She pointed out making him scratch under his chin. \"It's a good thing you're coming with me to visit my family right?\" She smiled excitedly. \"You can sleep when you spend the night!\" Junior winced as he put the sleeping baby back into his crib. \"Oh right, the family...um Tulip?\" He tapped on the crib nervously. She lifted her head up and blinked. \"What? You-\" she scoffed. \"You are coming right? I mean we have been planning this since the beginning of December.\" \"I know, I know, but we are so backed up with letters to sort through and babies to deliver…\" \"We were going to spend a real family dinner together, and have secret Santa, and open presents!\" Junior turned to her. \"Tulip-I don't think I can leave the babies during the holidays.\" \"What? I know this might sound bad but Christmas is about not worrying about the deliveries and spending time with family!\" \"Tulip, come on don't get upset.\" \"Upset? No I'm not upset! I'm just wondering why you can't take a couple of days off to visit my family, who loves you! You know mom and dad are excited to see you again.\" \"Tulip, I- I'm not saying no, just think of it as a maybe…\" Her eyes narrowed and her mouth went into a thin line. \"No it's fine, if you didn't want to go than you should have told me right at the beginning!\" She stomped away, opening the door. Junior quickly grabbed her shoulder. \"Tulip! Don't get mad!\" She shook her head and made a swift motion with her hands. \"I'm not mad! Look you're busy I get It, but I took the weekend off, so….\" she bite her lip before speaking again. \"Bye!\" And she shut the door, but not hard enough to wake the baby. Junior's shoulders slumped. He couldn't believe it. She was making him the bad guy! He is just doing his job! As CEO he has to be responsible, sometimes that means giving up on personal days. He sighed and collapsed on the chair, feeling his body violently slink back and forth. She was right about one thing, he hasn't slept in a while, about three days. He closed his eyes, breathing out, he slips into his dreams. He woke up about an hour later because that was when the baby woke up, hearing the baby babble and giggle made him open his eyes. His eyes shifted to his lap as he felt a new weight. On his legs was a small box, wrapped in green and dressed in a red striped bow, attached to it held a note which he took nimbly in his fingers. To my bestest friend. He placed the note down as he felt a slight tug at his chest. He carefully opened the box, as if he thought it was made out of thin glass. Inside was a friendship bracelet. It was made out of string and colorful beads that were a dark green, white and blue. A small metal heart was attached to the bracelet that read, Junior. He felt himself smile at the handmade gift and immediately smacked himself in the head. \"Ugh! Why am I so stupid?\" He asked to the baby, only to get a babble as a response. He picked up the infant and bounced him in his arms. \"But I can't just leave! I need to at least let someone cover for me…someone who knows babies.\" His fingers snapped as he rushed out the door towards the baby machine. Tulip sighed and pouted throughout dinner, poking her peas with a fork and moving them side to side watching them roll around. Her family exchanged glances making her mother put a hand over her daughter's shoulder. \"Oh Honey, I know how much you wanted Junior to come with you…\" Tulip sat up. \"Sorry Mom, I just wanted him to spend time with you guys too. It would have been his first time spending time with family…\" she slouched forward. \"And with me.\" \"Maybe opening presents with make you feel better Sweetheart!\" Her father said with a large smile. \"Your brothers and sisters each wrapped one for you, that's eighteen presents!\" Tulip let out a small smile when her sibling all nodded their heads at once. \"That's so nice...thanks guys.\" She lower her head again and sighed, pulling out a small gift from her lap. \"I just wish I left this for Junior back at Stork Mountain.\" She left the present with her parents because she thought Junior would be coming with her but that doesn't seem like it's going to happen, she would have to give it to him after the weekend is over. She still felt horrible for losing her cool with him, she shouldn't expect him come with her all the time since he's boss, but they planned on going together and she really thought he would have time. She sighed softly. Babies have to be delivered and delivering them on a special day on Christmas, she couldn't be mad at Junior for doing that. Her head peaked when she heard the doorbell. \"Oh Visitors?\" Her mother said as she got up but her little sister, Emily, who had turned 6 ran towards the front door. \"I got it! I got it!\" Tulip turned back to her half eaten plate and poked her food again. \"Hey Tulip!\" Her sister cried out. \"Yeah?\" She called back. \"Your boyfriend is at the door!\" \"Boyfriend?\" She turned around with a brow raise. \"I don't have one-!\" \"Yeah, and I'm not her boyfriend!\" Gritted the visitor at the door in a harsh whisper. Tulip got up with a large smile and ran to the door. \"Junior!\" She called out, he gave her a little wave before being attacked with a hard hug as she wrapped her arms around him. Junior had to balance himself from falling straight to the ground. Tulip let go as she grasped her hands together. \"W-what happened with the babies and the deliveries?\" \"I ask Jasper to cover for me, he said he was happy to do it!\" Junior smiled as he shrugged. He bought out a small gift wrapped in white towards Tulip. Her eyes widen slightly as she takes it into her hands. \"I know it's not Christmas yet...but I want you to open it.\" Tulip smiled and giggled slightly when she ripped the gift open to find a small brown box with a label. \" ? We still have these?\" \"Sorry! It was the perfect size and it was just laying around so…\" He motioned her to pull the lid and she opened it. \"Oh wow!\" She gasped, taking out a small charm bracelet. It was red and brown with charms of storks and babies with also a heart shape charm that said \"Best Friend\". Her eyes gloss over as she put it on. \"Thank you...I love it.\" \"I'm glad you do.\" He replied gently. \"And now we can match! See?\" He said as he put up his wrist showing his own friendship bracelet. \"Oh! No way! You made one for yourself?\" \"What? No, I got this from you, see?\" He pulled out the handwritten note. \"It made me realize how important it is to be with the ones you lov-!\" \"That's not my handwriting.\" \"Excuse me, what?\" \"And my present for you is inside the house, it looks like this handwriting looks like...Pidgeon Toady's.\" Junior whirled at the bracelet in disgust and groaned, covering his face in shame as Tulip laughed loudly at him. \"Now you have to wear it!\" \"Ugh! I thought this was really from you!\" Tulip waved a hand at him and scoffed. \"Oh nah, I got you a scarf since you get cold when out on deliveries.\" Junior's face fell. \"Did you really just told me what you got me?\" \"Yeah.\" She laughed and grabbed his wing. \"Now come on and have dinner, we still have plenty more fish to eat!\" She said pulling him inside. . ","Summary":" \"Night time struggle\" Junior moaned painfully as he was woken up again by the sound of crying. He"},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"Revelations","Author":"GaelicEyes10","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2246554","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own \"Motocrossed\" or any of its characters. Sadly… A/N: I've decided to go through and revamp these chapters. Hope you like them better! I certainly do, haha. Chapter 1: Long Lost Sister \"Andrew!!\" A voice drifted into the work shed where Andrew Carson sat putting the finishing touches on an engine he was working on. He was determined to get it done before dinner. That is, until Dean and Andrea decided that they were going to rummage through the work shed to get the older bikes out and examine them. One of Andrea's favorite past-times was tearing apart the bikes so that Andrew could show her how to put them back together. And now it seemed it was Andrea's turn to show Dean. Not that it was a problem to Andrew, most of the time, but when they showed up in the shed unannounced while he was trying to concentrate, it makes for a difficult situation. Andrew looked up just in time to see Dean and Andrea bring the two bikes they took out back into the shed. Both their shirts were covered in grease but the smiles on their faces took away from that. \"He's a good student,\" Andrea said, referring to Dean as they put the bikes away, as well as the tools they had taken. \"Mom says dinners ready, she also says there's a surprise waiting, or arriving right before dinner. You know what it is?\" Andrew nodded. Their mother had dropped by while he was working and told him that Dean's sister was back in town after a year away. His sister apparently called the Talon house and whoever was there told her to call his house. When his mother picked up the phone and started talking to her, they came up with a plan to surprise Dean with her arrival. Apparently, he didn't know that she was back in town or the fact that she was even arriving back in town at all this month. \"It's a surprise, but it's mainly for Dean. Mom said the surprise will show up right before dinner or right as dinner starts, so don't be surprised to see an extra plate there,\" he ended, grinning. \"For me?\" Dean asked, bewildered. \"What kind of surprise??\" Andrea laughed. \"Well it wouldn't be a surprise if we know who it was, would it??\" She started tugging on his shirt to get him outside as Dean started asking question of Andrew as to clues as to who it might be. When she finally got him into the house and Andrew heard the screen door slammed shut, he started putting away his tools and cleaning up for dinner. Suddenly Andrew heard a noise from the front of the shed. Looking over, he saw a girl trying to stare at his house without being seen. From her startling resemblance to Dean, Andrew could only assume this was his sister. \"Spying is never a good idea,\" he said, startling her. \"Especially when you're doing it front of someone.\" Looking over to him, she scurried inside the shed, glancing back a couple times to make sure she wasn't seen. \"Are you Andrew Carson?\" She asked breathlessly, staring at him with wide eyes. \"Sure am,\" Andrew said, wiping off his grease covered hands as best he could before he shook hers. \"You must be Dean's sister.\" \"Talia,\" she said, smiling. The resemblance towards her brother pretty much stopped at physical looks. She was lean like her brother and had the same dark skin and streaked dark hair. Her eyes were a clear hazel and she seemed to be even be the same height as Dean, if not a little shorter. But when it came to clothing, they were polar opposites. Whereas Dean wore torn jeans and t-shirts, his sister had on a jean skirt with some kind of black lace at the bottom with a white t-shirt and a black pinstriped vest over it. She had on what seemed to be black flip flops, only they had a bit of height to them and had ribbon wrapping around her ankle. \"So where's Dean?\" She asked, interrupting his thoughts. \"Inside cleaning up,\" Andrew answered. \"He and Andi, my twin Andrea that is, are cleaning up after working on the bikes for a couple hours.\" Talia pursed her lips, as if unsure of what to do. \"When is your mom serving dinner? I don't want to show up before dinner but I'm not sure when to go in exactly.\" Andrew shrugged. \"You can just head in with me. My mom knows you're coming so I'll just stay out here until she yells out to me. Or,\" he said, reaching into his pocket and pulling out his cell phone. \"I could just text you as we're sitting down and you can head in. I'll keep the front door unlocked and you can come on in, the dining room is to the left of it.\" Talia smiled, making her look more like her brother with her huge grin. \"That's a great plan, I'll hide out in front so he doesn't see me walking by the windows or anything,\" she said, fishing her cell phone out of her skirt pocket. After they quickly exchanged numbers, Andrew made his way into the house with Talia trailing slightly behind him in case Dean was near a window. This way, Andrew could give clear notice to Talia to stop or duck down where she was. Before he opened the front door he looked back to where she was crouched in front of the bushes in front of his house. Giving her a thumbs up sign he pushed the door open and walked in. Just as he was heading to the dining room, his mother came out and took him aside. \"Did you see his sister?\" His mother whispered, looking a bit nervous. \"She was supposed to be here by now.\" Andrew smiled at his mother and nodded. \"She's waiting for my text; we figured it might be a bad idea if she came in before Dean came downstairs.\" Andrew's mother sighed, obviously relieved to know her secret guest at least made it to the house. \"Well, good, that's good. I don't want her showing up before either but I wasn't too sure if she found the house alright. Where did she park?\" Andrew shrugged since he hadn't even bothered to ask. He knew Dean had his own ways of getting to the Carson household but it never crossed his mind to ask Talia how she did. \"Don't know, I didn't ask.\" Andrew's mother pursed her lips and he had a feeling she knew something about the Talon family that the rest of the Carson family was oblivious to, or at least she suspected something. \"Well, okay sit down then. They should be down in a few minutes.\" As Andrew took his seat across from Jason, who was already engaged in a heated discussion with his father about getting an old bike and restoring it, Dean and Andi came barreling down the stairs. \"Smells good, mom,\" Andi smiled as she took her seat next to Jason and Dean took the one next to her. She cocked her eyebrow at the empty place setting next to Andrew and gave him a look. Andrew smiled slightly but shook his head. \"You're going to have to wait.\" He said as his mother came in from the kitchen smiling. \"Mom's surprise isn't quite ready yet.\" \"Any hints, Mrs. Carson?\" Dean asked. Andrew's mother smiled, shaking her head. \"You're just going to have to wait a few more minutes,\" she said. \"Right, Andrew?\" Andrew grinned before whipping out his cell phone under the table and texting Talia to come in. Just as he sent it, his father's knuckles rapped on the table a few times. \"You know the rules,\" he said. \"No phones at the table. Put it away.\" As Andrew stuck his phone into his pocket, he couldn't help but glance over to where the front door was and he noticed his mother was doing it as well. \"Who's coming exactly?\" Jason asked, at the moment two soft knocks were heard at the front door. Andrew's mother quickly made her way over to the door and swung it open. \"Come on inside,\" Andrew could hear his mother say, ushering in Talia. As Talia came into view, Andrew looked to Dean for his reaction. He seem to be shocked still for a moment before he leaped out of his chair and grabbed his sister into a bear hug, twirling her around a couple times. \"Talia!\" He cried as she laughed at his reaction. \"Where the heck did you come from? And how did you get and when….wait a minute.\" Dean set his sister down and turned to Mrs. Carson. \"She's my surprise isn't she?\" Andrew's mother nodded. \"She contacted me a little while ago asking for you and we planned it out behind your back.\" \"Surprise, brother,\" Talia said, punching him playfully in the arm. \"You were completely clueless, weren't you?\" \"I thought you weren't due back for at least another month,\" Dean said incredulously, looking at his sister. \"I can't believe you're here, does Uncle Matt know?\" He asked. A dark look crossed Talia's features so quickly that Andrew thought he was seeing something. \"No, I came directly here. I just got out of camp a few days ago and was taking my time coming home.\" \"Camp?\" Andi asked from where she was still sitting. It was obvious she was a little intrigued by Dean's sister. As far as Andrew knew, Dean didn't talk much about his family or his parent's bitter divorce that left the Dean and Talia living with their uncle and mother. \"I'm a counselor at a youth camp in Maine,\" Talia said, turning to Andi. \"My session with the kids lasts for a long time so I wasn't sure when I was going to be home. The camp is year-round, even in the winter so my sessions usually last about half the year but I never get summer off,\" she said laughing. \"I was surprised myself when my boss told me I had the summertime off.\" \"We're all proud of her,\" Dean said from across the table. \"She's been helping girls out with motocross for years now.\" \"Motocross?\" Andi said, widening her eyes as did Andrew himself. He had no idea that she was a motocross driver, or had anything to do with motocross at all. Talia smiled. \"Yeah, a lot of the girls really look up to do after what you went through and accomplished at the tournament. You're a real icon to them.\" Andi blushed the color of the tomatoes in the salad that sat in front of her. \"Wow, I had no idea there was a camp specified to motocross for girls.\" \"Well actually it's an all girl's camp, but there's a huge motocross section set up and a lot of the girls do it. They absolutely love it.\" \"Yeah but don't ask her about anything to do with bikes,\" Dean laughed. \"She knows how to ride them and that's that. Anything to do with them she just throws off on me or one of her male motocross friends.\" It was Talia's turn to blush as she glared at Dean. Andrew's mother, figuring that if they continued to chat like this dinner would never be eaten, finally clapped her hands. \"Okay now let's stop questioning Talia on everything and anything. There'll be plenty of time for that.\" She smiled at her family as well as their two guests, Dean of course who happened to be just like family. \"Now, let's eat. I'm sure Talia is starving after her drive home.\" As the family dug in, Andrew couldn't help notice the significant looks between Dean and Talia. They were concealed, but somehow Andrew figured there was some kind of unspoken conversation between the siblings in those looks. Andrew knew next to nothing about the Talon family, no one in the Carson's really did. Every time Andrea went to ask Dean about what happened to his parents, he'd clam up and change the subject. Same thing with his uncle, Andrea had wanted to meet him, but Dean had flatly refused saying his uncle was a disagreeable man to begin with and he didn't want Andrea to get the wrong impression. Andrew had a feeling that there was more to the Talon siblings and their family that they would ever give on.[Chapter 2] A/N: SO sorry aboutnnot updating! Here's the next chappie! Review! Disclaimer: Nope,nstill don't own \"Motocrossed\" or any of it's characters…. Chaptern2: The TwonOf Us Rachel's POV: After dinner me, Dean,nAndi, and Andrew all sat outside on the lawn chairs talking. I hadncome to like Andi, and I could tell that Dean really liked her a lot.nWhich I didn't mind of course, but I just hoped he didn't get herntoo involved with our past. My heart sunk just to think of thentrouble we'd be in if any of the Carsons knew the Talon secret. Injust…couldn't take it. I had grown attached to Andrew, as I guessnit should be because after all, he did kiss me. My thoughts werensuddenly interrupted by Dean's voice. \"Hey, Rach?\" He asked,nand I looked up to see all three of them eyeing my curiously. \"Yeah?\" I asked,nsitting up straighter in the plastic chair. \"Should we getngoing?\" Dean asked, giving me a curious look. \"Won't Uncle Mattnbe kinda mad at us if we don't get there on time?\" He saidncalmly, but I knew that underneath that calmness was an undoubtednfear of our constantly drunk uncle. Apparently, he hadn't quitentold Andi all about our family yet. I sighed, and stretchednmy arms. \"Yeah…we better get going,\" I said, almostnapologetically to Andi and Andrew. Andrew gave me a puppy dog facenglance and I smiled in embarrassment because I don't know if Deannand Andi missed it or not. But when I looked, I could already seenthat Dean and Andi had already gotten up and were walking towards thenfront of the house, to where I parked the SUV. \"Hey,\" Andrew said,ngetting up. He pulled me up by my hands, smiling. \"Whats up?\" I shook my head.n\"Nothin, don't worry.\" I said, and smiled back up at him. Ournhands were still intertwined and I gently removed mine from his. Indidn't want to become attached, and yet at the same time…howncould I resist? I turned away from Andrew and looked at the ground.nHe put his hand on my shoulder and turned me back to face him. \"Hey,\" he said, andnlifted my face to his. \"What's the matter? You got a boyfriend ornsomething? 'Cus if you do, I'm sorry for kissing you.\" I shook my head,nsurprised that he would think that I did have a boyfriend. \"No, Indon't have a boyfriend…I'm just distracted, that's all.\" Andrew smiled again,nbrighter if it was even possible. \"Then let's get you back onntrack, huh?\" He said, then kissed me gently on the lips. As thenkiss wore on it became deeper and he pulled me closer, wrapping hisnarms around me. I wrapped my arms around my neck as I my knees almostngave way from under me. He deepened the kiss as his tongue slide intonmy mouth and all other thoughts ran from my mind. I became lost innthe kiss, forgetful that I didn't want to become attached, becausenat this moment, I didn't care. Apparently, both of us became lostnin the kiss, because we didn't hear the gate open and Andi'snshocked gasp. \"Andrew!\" Shenyelled and we broke apart immediately. Andi stared wide-eyed at thentwo of us, her hand half-covering her mouth in shock surprise. Hernshoulders then started shaking as she started laughing. Me and Andrewnexchanged a look until Dean came into the backyard and looked at mencuriously. \"What's going on?\"nHe asked, and Andi stopped laughing enough to stand up straight. \"Andrew and Rachelnwere kissing.\" She said, then smiled again, on the verge ofnlaughing but not quite yet. Dean's eyes widened.n\"WHAT?\" I choked back a fit ofnlaughter at his eyes that were so wide that I though they would popnout of his head. Andrew gave me a hopeless look at which I justnlaughed at even more. \"I'm sorry,\" I said to both of them. \"Injust can't help it, the looks on your faces!\" After a bit Incalmed down enough to look at Dean. \"Well, let's go.\" I saidnand quickly kissed Andrew on the lips before walking back to the car.nWhen I walked past Dean I saw him give me a 'look' but I justnkept walking, not really caring about what he thought. When I got tonthe car, I turned around to see Dean walking towards me, shaking hisnhead. \"What?\" I asked, opening the drivers side door and gettingnin. \"Nothing,\" he saidnas he slide into the passenger side. \"Just…wow….\" He lookednsideways at me and smiled. \"So, you and Andrew…?\" I smiled as I startednthe engine and pulled out of the driveway. \"Yeah, me and Andrew.\" A/N: Sorry for notnupdating sooner guys! I promise the next chapter will be up sooner! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own \"Motocrossed\" or any of its characters. Sadly… A/N: I've decided to go th"},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"The Greenwood street boys Adventure","Author":"white collar black wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12870779","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Greenwood street boys Adventure Disclaimer- I do not own Free Willy I do own Jaden. Chapter 1 Jesse Jaden and Glenn were on Glenn's boat preparing for the camp trip they were going to take when was explaining the gearshift Jesse noticed Julie and went to talk to her a few minutes later Dwight showed up wanting to talk to Annie and Glenn. \"Hey Jess\"Jaden told his brother has he approached him and Julie \"Yeah\"Jesse told him \"Dwight's here come on we should go see what's up\"Jaden tells him as he says goodbye to Julie. \"Hey Dwight what's up\"Jaden told him as he and Jesse entered the house \"Come and sit with us guys\"Annie told them \"Why\"Jesse asked her \"Just come here\"Annie told them as she sat next to Glenn \"What's going on guys\"Jaden asked them \"Dwight has just told us that they found your mom in New York city and I'm afraid she's passed away\"Annie told them after they sat down \"She died\"said Jaden shocked \"I'm really sorry\"Dwight told them \"We should've tried to find her\"Jesse told Jaden \"She didn't want to be found there was nothing we could have done\"Jaden told Jesse remembering the time he told his brother that their mother might not come back for them \"Your mom still needs your help guys she left somebody behind you guys have a brother\"Dwight told them \"What\"Jaden asked him \"He's a half brother actually he's eight years old\"Dwight told as Jaden got an angry look on his face \"Jess\"began Annie \"Don't touch me just leave me alone I don't want a brother you guys I want my mom\"yelled Jesse as he ran out of the house \"Jaden\"began Glenn \"She ditched us and had another kid I don't want to meet him and I don't want another brother\"yelled Jaden as he ran up to his room and stepped out on to the roof outside his room \"I'll go find Jesse\"Glenn told Annie and Dwight after they heard Jaden slam his bedroom door \"I'll go talk to Jaden\"Dwight told them \"Hey can we talk\"Dwight told him after he opened his door \"Do we have to look after him now\"Jaden asked him \"He'll stay with you guys for awhile you and Jesse are his only living relatives I'll talk with Annie and then you'll tell Jess when he gets back\"Dwight told him.[Chapter 2] The Greenwood street boys Adventure Disclaimer- I do not own Free Willy I do own Jaden. Chapter 2 (With Jesse and Glenn) \"How could she ditch us then have another kid\"Jesse asked Glenn when he sat next to him \"I don't know\"Glenn told him \"I didn't want to believe Jaden when he told me that she might not come back for us\"Jesse told him \"He's going to come stay with us for awhile Dwight and Annie have it worked out already\"Glenn told him as he stood up and they began the walk back home \"It's called Kinship care you and Jaden are his only living relative so he going to stay with us for a couple of week till dwilight finds a place for him\"Glenn told him \"Yeah or until Annie falls in love with him and never let's him leave\"Jesse told him \"So about the vacation are we really going to bring him along a total stranger\"Jesse asked Glenn \"We're still going to do everything we planned we're gonna go fishing,visit Randolph at work it'll be fun\"Glenn told him \"You really believe that\"Jesse asked him as they reached the house \"I don't know ask me in a couple of days\"Glenn told him (Later on that night) \"Glenn Annie I'd for you to meet Elvis\"Dwight told them as he led the younger boy inside \"Elvis these are the Greenwood's\"Dwight told the younger boy \"Aren't you guys rich\"Elvis asked them \"That's what Dwight said\"Elvis told them \"I never said that\"Dwight told them as they heard one of the bedroom doors slam \"We'll go see what's keeping your brothers\"Annie told Elvis as she and Glenn headed upstairs to get Jesse and Jaden \"What's he look like\"Jesse asked Annie as Jaden moved to the edge of his bed \"Different why don't you guys come down and find out for yourselves\"Glenn told them \"We don't want to\"Jaden told them \"Why don't you guys just talk to him you might learn a few things\"Annie told them \"Like what\"Jesse asked them \"Well he spent the last eight years with your mother you tell us\"Glenn told them \"We'll see you two downstairs\"Annie told them as they closed the door and went back downstairs \"Elvis this Jesse and Jaden\"Annie told him after they got back downstairs know that the boys were following them \"Hi\"said Jesse and Jaden simultaneously \"Whatever\"said Elvis after he saw them[Chapter 3] The Greenwood street boys Adventure Disclaimer- I do not own Free Willy I do own Jaden. Chapter 3 (The next morning) \"We gotta hustle the ferry leaves at 10:30 Elvis do you have everything you need\"Annie asked him as they headed to the truck \"Yes\"Elvis told her as they reached the truck \"Slide in and put on your seat belts\"Annie told him as he stepped in the truck \"I'm not sitting in the middle\"Jaden told Annie as he open the back door on the passenger side \"Just get in the car\"Glenn told him as he and Jesse got in the truck \"So how did you get the name Elvis\"Annie asked Elvis \"My mom\"Elvis told her \"Cool the ocean my mom loved the ocean\"Elvis told them while Jesse and Jaden got angry looks on their faces \"She was born at sea on an aircraft carrier\"Elvis told him while Jaden put on is earbuds and began to listen to his music and Jesse rolled his eyes \"Do you come with a remote\"Jesse asked him as he was getting tired of his voice \"Not that I know of\"Elvis told him On the Ferry Jesse Jaden and Elvis went down to the lower deck while Glenn and Annie stayed on the upper deck Jaden just stared at the water while listening to music while Elvis just asked dumb questions \"Is there at least an amusement park on this Island\"Elvis asked Jesse \"No there's a whale spotting station\"Jesse told him \"You mean where they paint spots on whales\"Elvis told him \"Yeah\"Jesse told him while Jaden chuckled at what Elvis said (At the camp ground) \"We're gonna put the tents up there\"Jaden told Glenn as he and Jesse got the tents that they were going to use After a while they heard the sound of a truck pulling up and so they all went to see who it and they saw some familiar. \"Randolph\"Jesse and Jaden yelled as they ran to meet him \"I've missed you guys\"Randolph told them \"This is your brother\"Randolph asked them \"Half\"Jaden told him \"I'm Elvis\"Elvis told him as he shook Randolph's hand \"Come on let's go\"Randolph told Jesse and Jaden \"See you guys later\"Jesse and Jaden told Annie and Glenn as they got in Randolph's truck \"I have some surprises for you guys from my village\"Randolph told them as he handed each of them a necklace \"An orca\"Jesse told Randolph \"My people believe your souls lives within you if you were the necklace the orca's close to your spirit\"Randolph told him \"A wolf\"Jaden asked Randolph \"Same thing with the wolf you wear the necklace the wolf it's close to your spirit\"Randolph told Jaden \"I hope she's the second surprise\"said Jesse when they arrived at Randolph's boat were he saw a young teenage girl \"I'll ignore that Nadine unhitch the boat and we'll be on our way\"Randolph told her as he Jesse and Jaden got on the boat As they sailed away on the boat Randolph noticed Jesse looking at Nadine so he smacked him on the arm while Jaden just chuckled \"She's my goddaughter\"Randolph told Jesse \"So what are you saying\"Jesse asked him \"I'm saying she like a daughter to me I look out for her\"Randolph told him. After a while Randolph called Nadine up to the deck as he Jesse and Jaden went down below deck and he played a recording for Jesse and Jaden of Willy singing with his family. After hearing it they went back up the deck and they began to look for Whales after a while Randolph spotted one coming out of the water. \"Hey guys J-Pod\"Randolph told them as more the pod began to come out of the water. \"We got to get closer\"Jesse told Randolph \"Look at the size of that one\"Jaden told Jesse \"That's Catspaw Willy's mother\"Randolph told Jesse and Jaden \"Willy's mom\"Jaden told Jesse \"He found her\"Jesse told Jaden with a smile on his face as more whales came out of the water \"Over there they're spy hopping\"Nadine told them \"Randolph that one's got a white patch in his dorsal\"Jesse told him \"Her dorsal\"Randolph told Jesse and Jaden \"Her dorsal\"repeated Jaden \"That's Luna Willy's sister the calf beside her is Littlespot Willy's brother\"Randolph told them \"That's Willy\"Jesse told Randolph as he emerged out of the water \"I know\"Randolph told Jesse \"He looks great\"Jaden told Jesse as he saw that Willy had gotten bigger and had a white whale like line on his dorsal fin. \"Willy\"Jesse yelled at him as he kept swimming with his family \"They're hunting now guys we'll come back tomorrow\"Randolph told them \"What time\"Jaden asked him \"Very early\"Randolph told them as he drove the boat back to the docks[Chapter 4] The Greenwood street boys Adventure Disclaimer- I do not own Free Willy I do own Jaden. Chapter 4 \"Glenn we saw Willy\"Jesse told Glenn when he and Jaden got back to the campsite \"Randolph thought you guys might\"Glenn told them \"It was so cool just seeing him with his family\"Jesse told him \"Must be great for him\"Glenn told them \"Yeah must be\"Jesse told him \"Do you think he misses us\"Jaden asked him \"Yeah I know he does besides you guys have your own family just like Willy don't forget alright\"Glenn told them \"Come on we have to get the tents ready\"Jaden told Jesse as he got up and headed to where Annie was with Elvis setting up the tents \"Jesse move that twig or it's going to end up hurting your back\"Annie told him \"I can't sleep on the ground\"Elvis told them as he saw them putting sleeping bags on the floor \"We're all sleeping on the ground\"Jesse told him \"It's called Camping\"Jaden told him \"But you guys have two pads and I only one\"Elvis told them \"We're all suppose to have two pads nobody knew you were coming\"Jaden told him \"Jess Jaden one of you give Elvis your extra pads after all he's are guest\"Annie told them \"Thanks Jesse\"Elvis told him after he gave him one of his camping pads \"Here Jess\"Jaden told him as he gave him one of his camping pads \"I'm good sleeping with only one\"Jaden told Jesse as he began to argue about taking his camping pad. \"Alright I'm going to bed\"Jaden told Jesse as he headed to his own tent After a while after Jaden had fallen asleep he heard yelling coming from Jesse and Elvis's tent after he heard Jesse leave the tent he took off after him \"Hey what happened\"Jaden asked Jesse when he caught up to him on the docks \"I hate him\"Jesse told him \"Why what happened Jess\"Jaden asked him again \"I was falling asleep and he wouldn't shut up\"Jesse told him \"So then you don't hate him he was just being annoying\"Jaden told him \"Yeah come on let's go back\"Jaden told him \"No\"said Jesse as his harmonica fell into the water \"That's just great\"Jaden told Jesse as Willy came out of the water \"Willy\"said Jesse when he saw him \"Hey boy you've gotten bigger\"said Jaden when he saw him \"You found it thanks\"Jesse told him as he took his harmonica out of Willy's mouth after Willy had found it in the ocean \"We saw you with your family you have to be really happy to be with your mom\"Jaden told Willy After Jaden said that they began to hear crying coming from the other side of the docks near the cove. \"It's your mom\"Jesse told Willy as he responded to the crying of his mother \"Sounds like she wants you back home\"Jaden told him \"You better go\"Jesse told him as Willy swam away from the dock and waved goodbye to them \"Goodnight Willy\"Jesse told him as he and Jaden watched him leave \"Come on we should get back\"Jaden told Jesse as he began to walk back to the campsite.[Chapter 5] The Greenwood street boys Adventure Disclaimer- I do not own Free Willy I do own Jaden. Chapter 5 \"Glenn Annie wake up\"Jaden told them the next morning \"Don't you usually wake up in the afternoon\"Glenn asked Jaden and Jesse when he saw them as the entrance of his and Annie's tent \"Randolph leaves at dawn\"Jaden told him \"It's dawn\"Jesse told them \"You guys go ahead\"Glenn told them \"Jaden take Elvis with you\"Annie told him \"No way\"Jaden told her angrily as he closed the front of the tent \"Wake up\"Jesse yelled in Elvis ear while Jaden chuckled. \"Come on hurry up\"Jesse told him \"I'm walking as fast as I can\"Elvis told them \"Try running\"Jaden told him \"It's not my fault my legs are shorter than both of yours\"Elvis told them \"If Randolph leaves without us we're gonna kill you\"Jaden told him \"Yeah well I have a black belt in karate\"Elvis told them \"Yeah right\"Jesse told him \"Come on move it\"Jaden told him \"Come on let's go hurry\"Jesse told Elvis as they reached Randolph's boat \"Traitor girls are the enemy\"Elvis told Jesse after he said Hello to Nadine \"No you are the enemy\"Jesse told him \"Hey Randolph when are we leaving\"Jesse asked after Nadine left \"There's a problem with the engine it'll take me a couple of hours to fix I'm sorry\"Randolph told them \"It's okay\"Jaden told him \"See you in a couple hours\"Jesse told him as he began to follow Nadine \"See you Randolph\"Jaden told him as he walked back to the dock \"Elvis go back to camp tell Glenn and Annie that Jaden and I went on the boat with Randolph but you couldn't go because you get seasick\"Jesse told Elvis \"But that'll be a lie\"Elvis told him \"I'm pretty sure you can handle it\"Jaden told him \"Well what are you gonna do\"Elvis asked Jesse as he began to leave the way Nadine did \"None of you business\"Jesse told him \"What are you gonna do\"Elvis asked Jaden \"I'm going to sit by the part of the ocean that's by our camping site\"Jaden told him \"Can I come\"Elvis asked him \"No I'm going there to get some space from you\"Jaden told him as he thought of another thing Elvis could do \"Why don't you go to part of the ocean by our campsite and skip rocks in a part that's not near me\"Jaden told him \"Are you coming or not\"Jaden asked him as he began to walk away (With Nadine and Jesse) \"What are you doing\"Nadine asked Jesse \"Sitting in the ocean\"Jesse told her as she helped him stand up \"You followed me here didn't you\"Nadine asked him \"Whales come here all the time to rub themselves on the smooth rocks at the bottom of the cove sometimes if you sit her long enough one will come really close\"Nadine told him \"How close\"Jesse asked her \"Ten feet once\"Nadine told him As they looked out at the water Jaden and Elvis showed up and sat next to Jesse and Nadine after a few minutes of watching the water they saw Willy and his siblings swimming near by so Jesse trying to impress Nadine began to play his harmonica Jaden then noticed Willy looking in their direction. \"Come on let's go\"Jesse told them as he got up and began to run to another part of the cove \"Hey Luna\"said Jaden when he saw her and Jesse began to look for Willy \"Willy hey boy\"said Jaden when he came out of the water \"Hey boy you scared me\"Jesse told him as he petted his head \"Willy what are you doing\"Jaden yelled at Willy as he and Littlespot spit water on Jesse, Nadine and him \"We're gonna get you Willy\"Jesse yelled at him as he swam off to do another trick \"He's showing off\"Jaden told them \"What\"Nadine asked not having heard him \"He's showing off\"Jesse told her as Willy breathed in air through his blowhole and blew off his hat \"Willy what's your problem\"Jesse asked him \"Yeah he's a great friend\"Jaden told them \"You got to get it\"Jaden told Jesse as he jumped into the water \"Come on in the water's great\"Jess told them as Jaden jumped into the water \"Get a grip this is a killer whale\"Nadine told them \"Oh come on he's our friend\"Jaden told her \"Way to go boy\"Jesse told Willy as he and Jaden got on Willy's back grabbed his fin and patted him on the back. \"I can't believe he let you guys do that\"Nadine told them as they got to the shore \"We think he likes it\"Jaden told her A/N- Hey everyone here is a new chapter I was going to update this past weekend but moved houses so I spent my weekend unpacking boxes but I finally had sometime to update today I will try to update the rest of story this weekend by putting up two or more chapter the next chapter for this story will be posted hopefully around noon today. ","Summary":" The Greenwood street boys Adventure Disclaimer- I do not own Free Willy I do own Jaden. Chapter 1 J"},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"That 90s Show: Freeing Willy","Author":"Wexamillion Major","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6075794","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Greetings, hombre! My name is Wex Major. The narrator for this classic episode of That 90s Show. I don't own a damn thing except this fanfic that was made a long time ago, but never got the chance to show its colors until now. And to take note, That 90s Show's premises takes place around when, the 1990s. When I was at the top of my game. When Homer Simpson, Lenford Leonard, Carlton Carlson, Morris Syzslak (who didn't have an ugly face back then due to plastic surgery), Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman, Kenneth McCormick, Jonas Zebeth, Lucien Sanchez & Thornton Reed were a part of a band of jolly friends named: The Here & Now Gang. Tonight's episode will only feature five of us in this gang, as we desperately free an Orca whale who yearns for freedom as any man would, and deal with unemployment from Deep Space Nine at the time. And in this episode, you'll also get a glimpse or two of in-the-fanfic interviews with myself, the Here and Now Gang, and interviews with special guests like Randolph Johnson, Rae Lindley, Vanessa Lindley, Dial Ironside, Wade Hansen, Dwight Mercer, Quark, Miles O'Brien, Clancy Wiggum, and others. So hombre, sit back and be amazed by pure 90s nostalgia that this episode of That 90s Show has to offer. Now you're probably grabbing out your Tuna Helper from the stove and a can of Coca-Cola from the fridge. Most of all... Bon Apetit![Chapter 2] [Begin Intro Sequence] I am Wex Major, entrepreneurial superstar, dream weaver, visionary, plus actor. You're about enter a world of pure '90s nostalgia... You are watching...THAT '90S SHOW! [Tevin Campbell's \"I2I\" plays] [adult swim] presents A Wex Major Production In Association with FanFiction Box Office That '90s Show Starring Joe Bost as Wex Major Dan Castellaneta as Homer Simpson Harry Shearer as Lenny Leonard Hank Azaria as Carl Carlson/Moe Syzslak Trey Parker as Stan Marsh/Eric Cartman Matt Stone as Kyle Broflovski/Kenny McCormick [Music ends. End Intro Sequence] My name is Wexamillion Major, and were gonna start off this episode somewhere in the Pacific Northwest, where a bunch of greedy asshole whalers are looking an Orca to steal... Whaler Punk: Do any of you guys see him yet?\" They look for a sec, but find nothing. Nada, zip... Whaler Veteran: Nah! But let's fire up the engine in case if he show's up, OK, kid? Whaler Punk: Whatever you say, Johnny! [ Pequod's engine fires up, water spouts out from an exhaust] Elsewhere, the whale spouts out water from his blowhole for air, being totally unaware of what's about to happen to him! Anyway, they waited for him for five minutes and then... Whaler Punk: Is he there? Do you see him? Bearded Whaler: HEY, THERE HE IS! AT ONE O' CLOCK! They all attempt to converge on him... Whaler Punk: THEN LET'S GET BEHIND HIM! Bearded Whaler: YEAH, WE'LL CUT HIS ASS OFF! Then they start to unleash their net as they get closer... Bearded Whaler: GET HIM! GET HIM! \"Johnny\": He's right about 200 yards. [something gets detached, probably for the net] Whaler Punk #2: Clear! Whaler Punk: I got it! Whaler Punk #2: Full Throttle! OK, let her go, let her go! [Whaler Punk whoops] Whaler Punk #2: HEY! Now the other Orcas, (i.e. his family) scramble to find their pod mate and get him to safety... Whaler Punk #2: More throttle, keep it up! Whaler Veteran #2: That's it...that's it! [Orcas scrambling] \"Johnny\": LAY IT DOWN! KEEP IT COMING, LAY IT DOWN! Bearded Whaler [tapping oars]: YEAH FISH! YEAH! GO ON FISH! YEAH! WRONG WAY! YEAH! HELL YEAH BABY! YEAH! YEAH FISH! YEAH! GET YOUR ASS ON IN THERE! Whaler Punk #2: OK, PIN IT! PIN IT! [Whalers cheering and whooping] Bearded Whaler: HE'S NOT GETTING AWAY, KEEP THE OTHERS AWAY FROM HIM! Whaler Punk #2: WE GOT HIM! WE GOT HIM! WHOO! [Orca cries out via sonar] Whaler Punk #2: Close her up! Closer her up! That's it! [Orca cries out some more] Bearded Whaler [handing \"Johnny\" a rope]: Here comes our paychecks, Johnny! WHOA! [Orca cries out yet some more, whalers chanting \"GET HIS ASS IN THE MIDDLE\" and stuff] Where were we? Oh yeah, the capture of an innocent little Orca! You know, it really sucks that they had to do that to him. Just think of all he would of accomplished if he was \"rescued\" by members of, say...Sea World or something related... Oh well! We could only imagine where he'll go, for who could ever befriend...an Orca? [Orca cries out, spouts out for air. Cut to a city park] FREEING WILLY[Chapter 3] Wex Major: It was July of '93, and we were dealing with unemployment issues with Deep Space Nine at the time. The computers on that station didn't work, the counter-insurgency program kept going off, I mean, it was complete chaos! So Starfleet layed most of us off from that station until further notice. Even the endorsment trip to Jurassic Park in June of that year didn't even help, the park's fences went down and the dinosaurs ran amok! Some more money down the drain! Interviewer [in the background]: So then what did you guys do on your spare time? Wex: Well, we were roaming the streets, hopping the clubs, and trying to shoot some pool for the promise of a good meal. We even hanged out at skate parks in the North West Adventure Park District! That's how bad it was! Homer Simpson: You know, I'm not sure what to believe about- Wait! It was so bad that I couldn't even provide a good enough life for my children: Bart and Lisa at the time. I thought endorsing Jurassic Park would take care of that...John Hammond can't do anything right! Lenford Leonard: We were hangin' around this guy named Perry Swearnigan. Carlton Carlson: Yeah, he was just some kid who got out of Juvie after uh- serving a 2-month sentence for, what was it, Lenny? Lenny: Uh, I don't know...Oh, petty theft at a local 7-11! Carl: Yeah! Let's just say he was...different. Morris Syzslak: I was roaming the streets with Wex and the others, but I didn't get my cigar bar back until after the North West Adventure Park Incident in July of '93. It was bad! It looked like we were about to get caught by the cops no matter what else we could of done to prevent it. Yeah! It looked pretty damn bad! Quark: The unemployment was so bad that I nearly closed down my bar in the station's Promenade. It was to be that if I didn't make enough business in that joint, they would close me down for good. But somehow, I managed! Miles O'Brien: What's my take on the unemployment? Simple, I was one of the only few who managed to stay at the station to make an honest buck! It sucked for the other people, but that's the way it goes I guess. So where was I? Oh yeah, the city park that looks like Portland, Oregon's Pioneer Courthouse Square, but in reality it's the Xander DeSoto Park Place Square in the Urban Playgrounds' North West Adventure Park District. It's been three days since we were last caught by the cops for stealing Salted Nut Rolls and cans of Crystal Pepsi from the vending machines at the 7-11 in the Darkplace District. We could've gone back to the Darkplace Apartment Complex, but we were temporarily thrown out (with all our stuff still in there) for being late on our rent (due to the fact that we were facing unemployment issues with Deep Space Nine at the time)! So we had to make our way into the streets, and hope we don't get thrown into the Big House. The Big House, it's one thing a friend of mine promised himself the last time he was inside: he ain't never going back! So here we are, roaming the Park Place Square for any \"banks to rob\", litteraly! [Liz Phair's \" Never Said \" plays on a nearby stereo] Wex: 'Scuse me, ma'am! My friend's mom dropped me off here on her way to work and she forgot to give me bus fare. Could I borrow a few bones? Of course, she hesitated, until... Business Lady: Oh, what the hell, why not? [hands him the cash] Wex: Thanks lady! Thank you so much! God bless you! Carl: Yo, brotha, I really gotta get home. If you could only lend me just a bean? Busy Guy: Get the hell outta here! Meanwhile Homer and Lenny are trying to rob this next bank from a black lady... Lenny: Excuse us, ma'am! Homer: My friends and I are having a crisis 'cause we spent all of our money at that damn museum and we have to take the lightrail home. Lenny: Think you could help us out? You'd think she would say no but you're dead wrong...she just...hesitated. Black Lady: I suppose! Homer: Yes! So then we all chipped in on all the beans and bones we robbed from the banks at the Park Place Square, but we came up shorter than we expected... Homer: Twenty beans. Perry Swearnigan: Shit! I'm hungry! Wex: God, man, what does it take to get some food 'round here! Then came the perfect opportunity: a down-on-their-luck couple hangin' around with a Robert Redford-lookalike millionaire forgot to finish their Big Mac, Coke, McLean Deluxe, a Mickey-D Burger and fries! So what did we do? We pounced at the chance to steal the McDonald's items and run off. Wex: Lets go! Some family was looking at us like if we were freaking crazy for taking food left over by rich people! That didn't bother me none. But what really got under my skin was being caught by the manager of that Mickey-D's... Homer: Go, Wex! So we then took the food and busted out of the joint before the manager saw us and boy, was he pissed! Manager: Hey! hey, you assholes, GET BACK HERE! God damn! Better luck next time, pal. No hard feelings! Anyway, you're probably wanting to know about Perry and his friends, right? Well, Perry's mom ran out on him when he was six years old, kinda tough, I know, but that's the way it goes I guess! Then there's Gwenie Johnston, her mother dropped her off here on her way to work in Houston as a Fashion Week Accountant, she never saw her again! As for \"Vector\", God only knows where this homeslice has been! Anyway, we were walking the streets for another five and a half hours, until we saw a Lauren's Caterers van and another opportunity... a freaking cake! [Wex throws his JanSport D-3 backpack to Moe as Wex grabs the cake and everybody raises some commotion] Wex: Come on, guys! [NKOTB's \" Keep On Smilin' \" plays on a stereo] Now we jump to Michalangelo's Turtleside Skate Park, where not only Tony Hawk wannabes hang out and skate, but sex offenders and drug dealers reside here. But that didn't stop us any. Nope, we pressed on... Gwenie Johnston: You know, the first time Boneless Ben ever went there, it was so bad! His dad dropped him off on his way to work in Waco, Texas for that Branch Davidian asshole, David Koresh! He never saw him again. He doesn't care, he hates him anyway! You know guys, I could eat these everyday! Wex: Yeah, well I bolted. Carl: Oh, yeah, like you bolted from the cops in Darkplace! Wex: I did shithead! Carl: Yeah right! Moe: Shut the hell up, Carl, we both did! What do you know? Gwenie: I know that they watch you like a freaking hawk as if you're gonna stick a knife in their back! I had to wait till some foster home mofos took me, then I slipped. [Moe pours Tabasco on his cake] Moe: Maybe you're ain't smart as us. Gwenie: Oh, eat it, Moe! Moe: I am, actually. [Moe bites off a piece of his cake, then circumcizes a Cohiba Siglo I cuban cigar and lights it up with a Zippo lighter] Perry: You know, I just want my own place. Like an apartment or a condo or something. Wex: Yeah right! You and us, we'll hook you up with someone, with my brains- Homer: And my wonderful personality! We get fucking rich! [Perry throws a piece of cake at Homer as \"Vector\" laughs his ass off] Perry: Get rich on your own life, Homer! God, man! But then some cops scope out the skate park for us, unbeknownst to us... [Springfield District's Unit 22, a Ford Crown Victoria pulls up towards the entrance to the skate park and shuts off the headlights] \"Chief\" Clancy Wiggum: There they are boys, the intended target that Dwight wanted us to look for: Wex Major and his pittiful little band! Louis \"Lou\" Stubbs: Uh, Chief, you know this is out of our jurisdiction! The Head Chief will kick our asses with our badges for breakfast with a little pension on top! Edwin \"Eddie\" Westlake: Lou is right, Chief, you can't take this chance! \"Chief\" Wiggum: Just watch me boys... [he picks up the CB Mike] Central, this is UP Mountie 22, over. They wait for a moment, then suddenly... Central: Unit 22, this is Central. What's the story, over? \"Chief\" Wiggum: I'm requesting permission to pursue the Here and Now Gang currently hanging around Michalangelo's Turtleside Skate Park here in the North West Adventure Park District, over. Lou: Uh, Chief, I really don't think this is a good id- \"Chief\" Wiggum: There's a whole bag of SHH with your name on it! OK? [Lou nodds his head] \"Chief\" Wiggum: Good. Central: Unit 22, it's Central, permission to pursue the Here and Now Gang has been granted. Good luck, Unit 22! Over. \"Chief\" Wiggum: 10-4, over and out. [he hangs up the mike] And while at that same moment... [Duran Duran's \" Come Undone (Breath After Breath) \" plays on a stereo] Wex: Check these out! [He opens up a box of both old and new Playboy magazines] Homer: WOOHOO! I HIT THE PLAYBOY JACKPOT! Perry: Holy crapola, where on God's green earth did you get these? Wex: I got it from some hobo down in Darkplace. Homer: D'OH! Wex: Oh, it's not as bad as you think. This hobo was adamant to get rid of them so that youth, like us, can read 'em. Homer: Mmmm, Leisa Sheridan in a bikini! [He gargles][Chapter 4] We were about to read our Playboy magazines, until that damn siren ruined it all... [Police sirens blare] Wex: Aw, shit! Cheese it, the feds! I took another piece of cake and walked over it, while Moe dropped the cigar out of his mouth and Vector's Playboy magazine got tossed onto a nearby puddle as we run for our very lives. But I had a plan: split the group, save everyone... Wex: Let's split up! See you guys on the other side! Gwenie: Alright, bye! Vector left with Perry and Gwenie one way, Lenny, Carl and Moe took another way, while me and Homer took a very different path... Wex: [pointing to a direction] This way, Homer! Then we ran to some kind of \"back door\" to an aquatic theater... [Homer panting heavily] Homer: I can't run too fast after eating that Mickey-D Burger, Uhhh! Wex: Go, go, go, Homie! Homer: Yeah, I'ma coming... Wex: Come on, come on, come on, go! Quick! Go, quick, quick, quick, move! I got in through the plywood fence no problem, but Homer had a helluva time trying to squeeze through it, but miraculously, he made it just in time as the cop car passed by. I then kick an empty glass bottle of Coke in victory... Wex: Down here... Then it started to thunder out and probably was about to rain. We had no choice, we had to enter this one room... Wex: Here [opens sliding door] OK, shut it, quick, quick quick, quick! [the door shuts, a beeper goes off] Wex: [trips over something] Ah, shit! [turns on the light] So I turn on the light and I see a bunch of stuff you see in some janitorial pantry: Krylon spray paint, mops, brooms, the whole freaking nine yards... Homer: [eyeing on the Krylon spray paint] Oh, glory of glories! Oh Heavenly testament to the enternal majesty of God's creation! Wex: Check it out, man! [grabs two cans] So, Homie, whatcha think? Start spraying? Both Wex and Homer: Start spraying! Then Homer started spraying to the rhythym of Lynard Skynard's \" Free Bird \" while I started spraying to the rhythym of Snap's \" The Power \". It was perfect... [Homer opens the door] Homer [spraying to the rhythym of Lynard Skynard's Free Bird ]: I'M FREE AS A BIRD NOW, AND IN THIS BIRD YOU CANNOT CHANGE... Meanwhile I stopped doing Snap's \" The Power \" and started spraying to the rhythym of Prince's \" Diamonds and Pearls \". Wex: [spraying] This will be the day, [shakes the can, then sprays] that you will hear me say, [sprays again] that I will never run away. [shakes the can, sprays another round] I am here for you, [sprays again] love is meant for two, [shakes the can, goes for another round] so tell me what you're gonna do. [shakes the can again, then stops] Then I heard some weird popping and teeth gridning noises. At first I thought it was Homer just shaking his can of Krylon, so I went back into my business... Wex: [sprays again] If I gave you diamonds and pearls, [sprays again] would you be a happy boy or a girl, [stops spraying for a moment, then gets back in] if I could I would give you the world, [sprays one last round] 'cause all I can do is just offer you my love... Then those grinding noises got louder and more creepy, but I still thought it was Homer... Wex: Homie, is that you, man? [waiting for moment] Homie, if this is a joke, it's not funny... [waits again] Homer? Then some lightning flashed and saw a sea creature open it's mouth and teeth to scare the living daylights out of me... Wex: HOLY SHITBALLS OF FIRE! So then I ran, ran like my life depended on it, which it did! But then a funny thing happened: I was no longer scared shitless, I was...intrigued by the sea creature in that observation room... Wex: What the hell is that? So then I walked around a little bit, until I got a better look of that creature... Wex: Cool! The creature was of a beautiful sight. And I stood there being transfixed for what seemed like forever, but it was probably nearer 45 seconds to a minute. Then there was something I didn't expect... Homer: WEX, CHEESE IT, IT'S THE FEDS! [Homer yells out in pain] I was about to run back up a pair of stairs but the feds were right on my ass... Cop: There he is! Hold it, Wex! I trip over a trash can, but that didn't really stop me any... Cop: He fell onto a trash can! Now I head outside and it's a freaking downpour with thunder and lightning and the whole nine yards, but I had an idea... Cop #2: Hey, Wex! Wex: Wait, I got a better idea! [goes near a cop car, nearly opens the door] Let's go to IHOP, I'm driving! Then they smack me on the ground, litteraly! Wex: OK, OK, Burger King, whatever! Cop: Relax, calm down. Wex: What the hell, man? I am calm! It's not like I'm falling through freaking quicksand, dude! Then I saw a Native American standing there looking at me... Wex: What do you want? Interviewer [in the background]: Now Mr. Mercer, you were the social worker for Wex when he was in this crisis, is that right? Dwight Mercer: Yeah, I was! Interviewer [in the background]: And you were trying to find him a place to stay at until he and his friends got back on their feet? Dwight: Yeah! He was roaming the streets for a place to make his comeback bare fruit, but he knew that the only way to make a comeback is to live with some good people. And that's where I came in. \"Chief\" Wiggum: Catching Wex was, to put it plainly, very strange... My other two officers wouldn't let me pursue them, but when I got back to Central, the Head Chief didn't fire us or anything like I expected. As a matter of fact, he congratulated me for getting him off the streets that day. Then afterwards, I handed him to Dwight and we went back to our humble cop's duities, you know... We now shift to the Police Station in the North West Adventure Park District, where I get talked to by Dwight. Homer was sent on probation to stay with rock groupies. Now I get talked to... Dwight: Breaking and entering, malicious mischief, vandalism, resisting arrest...anything else happened to you I should know about, Wex? Wex: Yeah, I robbed a couple of banks. Is that such a big problem? Dwight: Well, I'm glad you were only out there for three days, son! Sit down. Wex: Aw, did you miss me that bad? Dwight: Does Perry Swearnigan with you know this number? Wex: Who the hell is he? Dwight: Hey, don't play! Don't come in here being a butthead! Now, I hate telephones. And I spent 45 minutes on a conference call with the Urban Playgrounds Police Dept. and that Adventure Park trying to keep you clean, son! You know what, count yourself lucky this time: I kept your little ass out of court! You have to clean up the mess you guys made at North West Adventure Park- I tried to interject but got shot down... Dwight: Ah-ah-ah-ah, that's your probation. You got a problem with that? Wex: Yeah, I don't know why I have to clean up after a bunch of Sea World imitators, come on? Dwight: You know, I don't know why I fool around with you guys in the first place! And I don't know why I'm working so much overtime with you, Wex. But if you split again here, then I'm out of the picture [waves his palm and whooshes], gone! You'll be in Halfway Authority, court-supervised and controlled! They'll put in a halfway house, that means a lock-up in Shady Acres, son. Believe you me, the thought scared the hell out of me, but I still wanted to rebel... Dwight: OK, look... Your placement's still on, Cammy and Ford are OK. They don't even give a rat's ass about this incident! Wex: What's up with them? Dwight: Oh, I see. Just because that Cammy and Ford want you in their boarding house, there's got to be something wrong with them, am I right? Wex: Well, then what do you think? Dwight: I think that despite the fact that you're 18, you still might be young enough so you get some chances... Not an infinite number of chances, but a few. A few, son! You get it? Wex: Yeah. I had the take that chance of going to Cammy and Ford's boarding house, I had to save my ass from going to that halfway house... Dwight: OK, you got any questions about, uh, any of this? Wex: You hear from Deep Space Nine? Dwight: You still wanna hear from Deep Space Nine? Wex: I just want to know if they have any job openings? He paused for a moment... Dwight: Nobody's heard from Deep Space Nine in over 6 months, Wex. I'm sorry. Wex: Damn! [smacks the desk][Chapter 5] Here we are, in the suburbs of the North West Adventure Park District, and Dwight (such an asshole he can be at times) tells me to pounce at the chance of saving myself from Shady Acres Halfway Hospital in the Angel Grove District by staying with this foster couple who runs something like a boarding house but technically its a foster home. It was a long day: I had to sign papers to stay with them and the whole nine yards! So we finally arrive, right? And my first impression of them on the front porch of this foster boarding house that sat on a hill somewhat was: My God, who the hell are these people? They look like punk rockers from Hell or something! I just didn't wanna get out of that crappy Ford Taurus he was driving in... Dwight: Any time you're ready, Big Guy? [Wex exits the car, a curtain-cut blonde-haired skinny woman in punk rock attire approaches] Cammy Horrocks [mousy British accent]: Hi, Wex! Hey, Dwight! Dwight: How's it going? Keeping busy? Cammy: Yeah. We had to kick out Cutter Salthouse 'cause he wanted us to rob a convenience store at the Starfleet Installation a few weeks ago! Such a wanker he was! Some Young Obi-Wan Kenobi Accent: I thought I told you not to use that word, Cammy! There comes another person in punk rock attrie, I assumed that he was no more in his early to mid-20s. Dwight: Wex, the lady is Cammy Horrocks [points to her, Wex shakes her hand]. And this gentleman happens to be Ford McGregor... Ford McGregor [Some young Obi-Wan Kenobi accent]: I know you, you're the Great Wex Major, aren't ya? Welcome to our home! I shook his hand, but that kinda creeped me out a little bit Ford: Can I take your stuff? Wex: NO! I got this! So then he backed off. Cammy: OK, lets go in and wash up and we'll get ready for supper. We're having Chili with extra helpings of- Some Guy [pops out the window]: WHAT THE SAM'S HELL IS THAT GUY DOING HERE? HE'S NOT SUPPOSED TO BE HERE! WHERE THE HELL'S CUTTER? Ford: That's really none of your business, Shavey! Shavey [funky asian accent]: AND YOU'VE PUT EMPTY HOLES IN MY FLOOR AG- Ford: Shavey, I don't know shit about the holes in your floor! Sounds to me that you're smoking the crack again, Buddy! Guns are illegal! Every Tom, Dick and...wanker knows that! Shavey: OH WANKER! I'LL GIVE YOU A WANKER! EVERY TIME YOU MAKE THAT NOISE- Ford [shakes his head]: Wankers, sounds like some fucking breakfast cereal to me. Wankers! Wouldn't you say, Dwight! Dwight [laughs his ass off]: Yeah, exactly. I guess I gotta give you the paperwork. [He gives Ford some papers to sign] Always got to have the paperwork! You know, I bought a new Ford Taurus recently, as you can see right there [points to his car] adding with the contracts and all, it came over 42 pages long! [Ford finishes with signing the papers] Ford: Well, I'm only leasing him, I'm not buying him yet! Inside the house, they have everything under the sun expensive: VCRs, Stereos, CDs, LPs, some fine jewelry and the whole nine yards. And the Chili they had looked mighty tasty. Especially with their Old Home sour cream and shredded Kraft cheese add-ons to go with it. I was hungry... Cammy: Do you wanna take up history? Wex [sarcastically]: Not really! Cammy: Well, I'm trying to get back to college for my PhD in History and write a report on the Waco Siege that happened some months ag- Wex: Sorry, not interested! [Cammy and Wex sit at the table, followed by Ford] Ford: That makes two of us! And go right ahead, Wex, just dig right in! [Wex spoons out a big helping of Chili] Wex: I'll take that into consideration, thanks! Cammy: In fact, that's how we know Dwight, 'cause his son was doing a report on the Waco Siege! Wex: Dwight's an asshole, no offense! [Wex then puts on his sour cream and cheese fixings on his Chili] Ford: So what are you in to, Wex? Wex: For starters, I'm not in to talking when I'm eating, capice? [They stare at him and then they finish eating] Now its 9:00 PM, the sun's going down, and I was full of Chili and I wanted to crash! So they sent me up to a totally kick-ass room. Its got a helluva view (showing the bay and stuff 'cause the house sat on a hill) and it has a Silence of the Lambs movie poster on the wall, a black and orange lava lamp, a Bose Wave Radio stereo, and on the bed was a pile of licensed graphic t-shirts and grunge attire (my favorite). And what was this? They got my Fender Mustang guitar from my apartment for me? That was pretty nice of them... Ford: Here's your room, Wex! Wex [thinking sarcastically]: Cool! Cammy: Our bedroom's downstairs, but, Buddy, you've got the best view of the house! And then I see some present... Cammy: Go ahead, open it! I hesitated, of course! Ford: Or you can wait till later, your choice! Cammy: I've tooken the liberty in buying you some things, some Doc Martens, some socks, and Dwight said that you liked alot of Licensed T-shirts and Grunge attire. So we got you alot of it, and if you don't like them, we can exchange them. Simple as that! Ford: And if there's anything you need, just let us know. We'll be downstairs, OK? Wex: Sure. Ford: Alright, goodnight, Wex. Cammy: Goodnight. Wex: Yep. So they head downstairs, and I grab out my Fender Mustang and I start to strum to the first verse of Queensryche's \"Silent Lucidity\" and carried on for the remainder of the evening... Interviewer [in the background]: Was it tough for you guys on the first day? Cammy: Yes, it was totally tough to get him to correspond with us when he first arrived. Ford: Yes, absolutely, it was hard. Interviewer [in the background]: And would've he flipped out if he found out you two were zombies? Both Cammy and Ford: Yes! So now we head over to the North West Adventure Park, where I begin my cleanup of mine and Homer's mess... [US3's \"Cantaloop (Flip Fantasia)\" plays on Ford's truck radio as the truck pulls into the park] [Ford shuts off the truck, heads back to the tailgate and pulls out a Schwinn mountain bike] Ford: OK, Wex, you remember that turn before the bridge? That's 88th, Street. Darnell's Auto Wrecking is just straight up from there. Go about 6 more blocks and you'll end up at the house. Now go in the Aquatic Theater and ask for Randolph Johnson, he'll get you set up from there, capice? So I ride off without answering him. Ford: Yeah, great! So I ride in there, passing by the attractions and stuff. But then at a different entrance to the park, the South End perhaps, Homer arrives in a car with the lady hip-hop groupies and their car stereo playing Snow's \"Informer\" . Wex: Hey, Homer! Being a Ladies Man, I see? Homer: Yeah, they let me stay with them for the time being. Where are you staying at? Wex: Some foster couple. Its been very strange, they got my guitar from our apartment, when my apartment's supposed to be closed off by City Hall! Homer: Wow! That is strange. So, what do we do from here? Wex: First, we find this Randolph Johnson character. So we head over to the Aquatic Theater and we see some janitor cleaning up the seats... Wex: 'Scuse us, sir. Where can find a Randolph Johnson? Janitor: Oh, the Hiada guy... He's in a cottage by the water. Can't miss it, and if you do, you're blind as a bat! Wex: Uh yeah, thanks! We'll take that into consideration, won't we, Homer? Homer: Yeah, exactly! So we head over to the cottage. He has an old Volkswagen van parked on the driveway and both a birdhouse and bathouse on the front porch. I was puzzled to find his front door wide open... [Wex knocks] Wex: Randolph? I hope you didn't mind, but you're door was open. [he looks for a moment] Cool! I saw the most prettiest view to the ocean to date. And then I look all around the house and I see old indian carvings and paintings of the sorts. But this house was also modern: RCA stereo, RCA television and a Sega Genesis among others. Homer: Oh, look, an animal carving! Wex: Let me see! The carving looked like the creature that I saw in the Observation Area when we did our Graffiti. I was transfixed by it until... Randolph Johnson: Well! Homer: AHH! I turn to him. Randolph: The two artists return. Welcome back. ","Summary":" Greetings, hombre! My name is Wex Major. The narrator for this classic episode of That 90s Show. I "},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"Race On","Author":"Angelfish-Smile","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1046230","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Part 1: Problems Disclaimer: I don't own the characters mentioned in this story nor do I own the movie Motorcrossed; Disney owns them. So don't you dare try to sue me! Dean sighed and put his head in his hands, \"I'm so tired.\" \"Yeah well in between avoiding Andi and crashing your bike I'm not surprised.\" Andrew laughed and turned his cap around so it was backwards, wiping the sweat off of his forehead. Dean groaned and rubbed his temples; \"I haven't got any good practices since we started going out.\" \"What's the matter?\" Jason asked as he came into the room, grease galore all over him. As if it had just hit him he leaned over and whispered to his brother, \"Dean's got Andi on the brain?\" The older boy nodded and walked over to the fridge and pulled out a cold coke, \"So you guys excited? We're going to go to our first competition since you joined, Dean.\" As if his headache had never existed Dean's head sprang up, \"Yep! I can't wait. What about you? I mean you're the lead on Carson Racing. Nervous?\" \"Nope, not really.\" Andy stopped and gulped down the rest of the Coke. As he crumbled up the can he sighed, \"Ok so I'm totally nervous. I keep thinking to myself: You're going to break your leg. You're going to crash and burn. You're going to lose. You suck.\" The back door opened and Andrea came strutting in dirt smudged on her cheeks, her now mid length hair pulled back in a low ponytail, \"What'cha all doing?\" Dean grunted and banged his head on the tabletop. As he tried to do it a second time Andi stuck her hand out and grabbed his head, \"What's the matter?\" \"Nothing.\" He lied and jumped out of the chair and ran upstairs to his room that he had been using for the past 3 months. Andi raised her eyebrows put her hands on her hips and looked at her twin brother, who just looked at her and burped, she made a face, \"That was disgusting Andrew. What's the matter with Dean? He's been acting kind of jumpy lately. Is there something bothering him?\" Jason choked on his soda and spit it all over the floor, laughing, \"You could say that. It's a little bug in his head.\" \"Jason!\" Andy smacked him upside the head, \"Shut up.\" He paused and looked at Andi, \"So you ready for the tournament?\" Andi nodded, \"Yeah more than ready. But hey look I'm exhausted. I'm going to go to bed. Oh yeah I'm not hungry so don't wake me up for dinner, I had a big lunch.\" Jason and Andrew stood there in silence for the next few minutes. \"So Andy?\" \"Yeah what?\" \"You wanna play Nintendo?\" \"Sure…. why not. Mario Cart?\" \"Yep.\" Many video games and losses later Andy yawned and took of his shirt and pants and slipped into his bed in his boxers. He ran his fingers through his hair and turned on his side facing away from Dean, whose bed was on the other side of the room, and looked out the window. He looked at the full moon and the bright stars. It sort of freaked him out a little for Andrea and Dean to be going out. Andi was his twin and Dean…well was sort of like a brother. And ever since they were an official 'couple' Dean had become a space case and Andrea had grown distant from him. His twin, his partner in crime, his best friend, had become an acquaintance. Andy sighed and closed his eyes and realized it wasn't the fact that they were together that freaked him; it was the fact that HE, Andrew Carson, didn't have a girlfriend. Sure he had a few girlfriends, but they were more like one-night stands or dates. They hardly ever lasted for up to 2 weeks. What was the matter with him? Why couldn't he find her? Why couldn't he get a 'real' girlfriend? Andy snarled to himself as he felt tears stream down his face, 'I'll find her. Soon…. I'll find the perfect woman for me…. real soon…. Hopefully….'and with that Andrew drifted into an unmerciful slumber. ~~~End Chapter~~~ Well I look this over and I realize how short this is. I'm really sorry! I promise I'll try to make the next one longer. Well if you wouldn't mind reviewing I'd really appreciate it! Angelfish-SMile[Chapter 2] Part 2: Carson and Johnson Racing Disclaimer: I don't own the characters mentioned in this story nor do I own the movie Motorcrossed; Disney owns them. So don't you dare try to sue me! The Johnson's household…. \"Davey Wavy!\" Mikay laughed in a sing songy voice, trying to desperately wake her big brother up. David groaned and hid his head under his pillow. \"David time to get up bro! You gotta go practice and sign in!\" She pulled on his pillow her anger growing, \"David don't make me call mom!\" \"Shut up you cow!\" He groaned again and slapped her hand away. \"Kana get your ass out of bed this instant or I'll call for mom!\" She turned towards the door, \"MOM!\" David shot out of bed and put his hand over her mouth, silencing her, \"Ok I'm up!\" A smirk lit up her face as he pulled his hand away. She walked out the door and back towards the garage. As mechanist she had to make sure everything was ready for the race today, or she'd be in for one long lecture from her step dad. Mikayla Lina or Mikay Lynn was the mechanist for the Johnson Motocross Team, and her brother Kawika Kana or David Shawn was the 180 rider. When their mother married Phillip Johnson, he felt obliged to hire them. They loved racing but when they were forced to move from their wonderful home in Honolulu, Hawaii to Connecticut they both became heart broken. They didn't fit in with the kids at school and changed their names so the teasing would go down a little, but the fact that they were Hawaiian beach bums gone Motocrossed didn't help at all. \"Hello there Kayla, how are you doing this morning dear?\" Mikay flinched as Phillip addressed her. \"It's Mikay and don't call me dear if you would mind Phillip.\" She walked passed him and into the trailer the bikes were in. She nodded at Gregory Fletcher, the 250 rider. \"Hey there Mikers!\" Mikay rolled her eyes at Josh one of the other riders attempted to flirt with her. \"So you and David ready for the competition?\" She nodded, \"I am, but David is a mystery. I mean I had to drag him outta bed.\" They all laughed a little at that. But stopped as David walked into the room all suited up and a glazed over look on his face. He plopped down next to his bike and yawned, and just like that he was fine. The sleepiness had gone away and he was rearing to go. So five minutes later when everyone was packed in the trailer and the car started he was the happiest man alive. \"Oh god Dave you're a loon.\" Mikay said as he jumped up and screamed in joy. \"Dean, Andrea wake up!\" Jason yelled and walked up the stairs. He started towards his sister's room first. Opening the door, expecting to see Andi asleep in bed, he was very shocked. Dean was standing there a very relaxed look on his face as Andrea hugged him. Jason laughed lightly to himself. \"Guys you may want to hurry before Andrew leaves without us.\" They parted and Andi gave Jason such an icy look he shivered, \"What?\" Dean and Jason headed down stairs while Andrea finished getting her things together. \"What was that about?\" Jason smirked and hopped on the couch next to a fidgeting Andy. Dean hung his head, \"Just sorting out some things that's all.\" Andrew fidgeted again and crossed his legs before pulling his sweater sleeves lightly. \"Andy?\" Dean asked with a laugh. \"Hmmm…. what?\" Andrew looked up. \"Dude are you ok?\" Dean laughed. Jason shook his head, \"Dean what kid of question is that? We all know he isn't.\" Andrew shook his head, \"I'm fine. Where's Andi?\" \"Right here.\" Andrea called, as she came to the foot of the stairs, \"So let's go then, where's mom and dad?\" \"They're waiting for us outside.\" Andrew said and jumped to his feet. \"So come on already! We got a whole day's drive ahead!\" \"Sheesh you'd think he was excited.\" Dean laughed and followed behind the running Andrew. \"Ya…\" Andrea said and weaved her arm through his. Jason gagged at the sight, \"Yuck. I hope I don't get stuck next to you two on the ride there.\" Andrea stuck her tongue out at him, \"Naaah!\" \"Come on guys!\" Andrew yelled as he hopped into the front seat. Laughing lightly they got in the side door. ~~~End Chapter~~~ Well I look this over and I realize how short this is. I'm really sorry! I promise I'll try to make the next one longer. Well if you wouldn't mind reviewing I'd really appreciate it! Angelfish-Smile Mikayla= mi kay la Mikay pronounced like Mickey, Mikers = me kers Kana= Kawwna Kawika= Kaw week a Lina= Lean a[Chapter 3] Part 3: Mechanical Friendship Disclaimer: I don't own the characters mentioned in this story nor do I ownnthe movie Motorcrossed; Disney owns them. So don't you dare try to sue me! The Johnson's.... \"Are you gonna go sign us up or what Phil'?\" David said and startednunloading the bikes. Phillip rolled his eyes at the back of David's head and gave a smallnsnort, \"You'll sign your own lazy ass up!\" David tensed and stopped unloading, without turning around he repliednwith his thick accent, \"I don't appreciate being spoke to that waynPhillip.\" \"Oh shut up mama's boy.\" Phillip snarled at his stepson, he openednhis mouth to retort something more but stopped as Mikay walked around thencorner, her mother falling close behind. \"Honey there you are!\" Phillip instantly walked towards his wife andnhugged her. Mikay frowned as she came next to David as he roughly unloaded thenbikes, \"What's the matter?\" David stopped unloading and glanced at her with a small smile,n\"Sometimes I wish we didn't sign that damn contract 'Kay.\" Mikay sighed and was about to speak more on the subject but stoppednas another convo drove up next to there's. She glanced at the side, at thenname, and elbowed her brother, \"Is it just me or is that our doom?\" David ignored her not up for another mind game, which seemed veryndeadly as Mikay opened her mouth and let out a screech, \"KANA!\" David flinched and pushed her lightly out of his way. Mikay growlednunder her breath and pulled her auburn hair into a ponytail, and slippingnon her mechanic gear. David chose this time to look at where his sister had formally beennlooking. He narrowed his eyes and clenched his jaw as he saw the one boy henhad been dreading step out. Andrew Carson. It was almost an obsession fornhis fa-Phillip. He wanted David to beat him so badly, that both himself andnMikay had spent endless nights trying to find a way to beat Carson racing.nMostly against their will, more for Phillip's demands. Mikay kicked him in the shin with a grunt, \"You know it's rude tonstare.\" David laughed as he looked at his sister, \"I swear your going to makensome Motocross boy a very happy man someday.\" He grabbed a towel and wipednthe grease off her cheek. She rolled her eyes and looked towards where the others were. Shengrinned as she noticed their mechanic, \"He's a shrimp...\" She paused,n\"Though I shouldn't discriminate should I?\" \"Nope you shouldn't!\" Greg said scaring the wits out of her as hensnuck up behind her. She turned around and gave him a 'what-the-hell-are-nyou-talking-about-tell-me-now' look. He sighed and shrugged his shoulders,n\"The kid's broken tones of records, even a world record.\" Mikay gaped slightly, \"Oh my...wow. Hey I think I'm gonna go talk tonhim...what's his name?\" Greg opened his mouth but was interrupted by Josh as he slung his armnover her shoulders, \"I'll introduce ya babe! I know the Carson's realnwell!\" He led her somewhat unwillingly towards the camp. Just as they reached it she looked at him suspiciously, \"What's hisnname?\" Josh grinned, \"You'll get a kick outta it, he's a Carson babe,nJason.\" Mikay looked ahead of them to see some guys getting dressed in theirnracing gear. A small smile played on her lips as she got closer. Andrew looked up as he saw one of his former comrades from the racesnwalk up to the camp. He pulled his shirt over his head and nudged Dean,n\"Hey look it's Snail.\" Dean grunted as if he didn't hear him and tried his best to hide fromnAndrea's prying eyes as he dressed. Andrew shrugged and walked towards Josh, pulling Jason along withnhim. As he reached him, he noticed the girl he had in his arms. She lookednas if she was going to bite his head off or castrate him, either way. \"Snail?\" Andrew said and kept his eyes slightly on the girl, slightlynon the red headed man. Josh looked at him with glee in his eyes, \"Hey Carson! Wuz up Jase?\" Jason crossed his arms and looked as if he was pouting slightly,n\"Snail...still doing your own work on the 'darlings'?\" Josh laughed and pushed the girl forward slightly, \"Naw now we gotnthe babeness to do it for me! Guys this is Johnson's new mechanic.\" Mikay rolled her eyes, \"I have a name ya know.\" Andrew finally got a good look at her. Auburn hair, tan skin, nicensmall build, she looked as if she'd be pretty fast on the track, \"Younrace?\" Mikay turned her, deep blue he noted, eyes towards him, \"Oh no, mynbrother does though.\" Andrew tilted his head to the side, \"What's his name?\" Mikay sighed, \"You probably haven't heard of him...his name'snKana...\" Andrew shook his head, \"Your right I haven't...is he new?\" Mikay nodded and gave him a small glare, 'He's awful curious. Kindancute...better than the island boys.' 'Dang she sure is pretty...I wonder if I have a chance,' One of thenCarson's thought to himself, 'Dang it Andy's making googly eyes at her,nthere goes my chance.' Jason groaned as Andrew ran a hand threw his hairnwith a sigh, \"So you're the new mechanic? What's you record for practicenassembly?\" \"2 minutes.\" Mikay said causing a grin to spread over Jason's face. 'A girl who knows what she's doing...I like...If I wasn't a shrimpynyoungster I might have the hots for her.' He grinned and shook his head, atnher apparent wonder, \"1 minute, 54 seconds.\" Mikay smiled at the younger boy as if he was her brother, \"Well now Inhave a record to beat.\" Andrew whined in his throat as he saw the exchange. How was hensupposed to get in a girl's good graces if he just sat there?! Jason nudged him as if reading his thoughts, \"Maybe you should gontalk to Andi and Dean.\" \"Oh great...my little brother's sending me to separate the hockeynplayers.\" Andrew grumbled and nodded to Josh and Mikay, \"Nice to meet you,nmaybe I'll see you around.\" As he walked away he felt a small weight in hisnchest become bigger. He wanted to get to know her, that's a fact. Suddenly he stopped his tracks and looked back at her, \"What's yournname by the way?\" \"Mikay.\" She said and smiled a little, \"Nice to meet you.\" \"Andrew, Andrew Carson.\" Andy chuckled a little before turning backnand walking to the back of the convo to pry the couple from each other. Jason watched the exchange between the two and a little imaginarynlight bulb flashed over his head. An almost satanic grin spread over hisnlips before he quickly brushed it away to avoid suspicion. Looking to Joshnhe noticed that the boy had an arm around Mikay's shoulders, \"You a couplenSnail?\" Mikay blinked a little before grimacing and pushing Josh's arm off ofnher, \"Of course we aren't.\" Josh moved to put his arm over her shoulder again, \"Ah come on babe,ndon't deny it. I thought your mom taught you better then to lie.\" Mikay rolled her eyes at him, \"Oh I'm so sure.\" She paused for ansecond before looking to Jason, \"Snail? Why do you call him snail?\" Jason grinned widely and Josh looked crestfallen, \"It's a long story.nbut if you wanna hear it, I'd like to invite you..\" He paused and added,n\"And your family to dinner with us tonight.\" Mikay looked to be in thought for a moment, \"Sure why not, I meannI'll have to run it by my mom of course, but sure! 'Sides I wanna here allnabout Josh's 'race' stories.\" Josh grumbled something under his breath and a larger grin spreadnover Jason's face, \"Well I have plenty of 'em!\" ~~~End Chapter~~~nThanks for all the reviews! I REALLY appreciate them! I'm sorry this is SOnshort. I tried honestly I did!nAngelfish-Smile ","Summary":" Part 1: Problems Disclaimer: I don't own the characters mentioned in this story nor do I own the mo"},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"My Motocrossed Story","Author":"jaselover15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2020115","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: This iz after the movie. Jorgito Vargas, Jr. iz a real person. He plays \"Blake\" on 'Power Rangers Nija Storm'. if any of u kno wot i can put after ch4 lemme kno. ideas r needed! ANDY'S HOUSE Dean & Andy had just finished the 12 laps & were chilling by her pool. \"I'm really sorry I lied to you. I didn't mean to hurt you. I'm gonna sound lame but...forgive me?\" Andy asked. \"No prob...I'm just glad I met the real you.,\" Dean said. \"Me too.\" \"I know I probably made you feel horrible when I found out but would you go out with me tonight?\" Dean asked hopefull. \"I would love too.,\" Andy answered smiling. IN THE LIVING ROOM \"Hey mom. Me & Dean are going out tonight.,\" Andy said. \"Ok. Just be home by 11.\" \"Dean, can you meet me outside? I need 5 minutes to change.,\" Andy asked. \"Sure, give me 20 minutes to go home & change into something nicer.,\" Dean answered. \"You can borrow something of mine if you want. It'll save time.,\" Andrew offered. \"Thanks\" Andy walked out the front door wearing a red velvet dress & matching shoes. Dean was wearing a black tux with a white button down shirt & black dress shoes. He had a white rose in his hand. \"Y-you look...wow.,\" Dean said astonished. \"Not too bad yourself.,\" Andy said. \"This is for you. I hope you like it.,\" Dean handed her the rose. \"I love it.\" ON THE DATE Dean took Andy to an outdoor resturant in the park. \"You look wondeful tonight.,\" Dean said. \"Thanks. I didn't know my brother had something that nice. It looks a lot better on you though.,\" Andy complemented him. \"Thanks. No one has ever said a suit looks good on me.\" 'They should' , Andy thought. They ate & went for a walk. \"I can't believe you came back after what I did to.,\" Andy stated. \"Andy, I already told you I forgive you.\" \"But...,\" Dean cut her off with a kiss. \"Well, that was unexpected. But I liked it.,\" Andy said shocked, but pleased. \"I'm sorry. You look so beautiful, sorry.,\" Dean stumbled. \"Don't be. I have a question. Are we...?\" \"If you want.,\" Dean laughed. \"Sure.,\" answered Andy. They walked down the path hand-in-hand, smiling. THE NEXT MORNING Andy walked downstairs cheerfully. \"Well, why are you so happy & why do you have that look on your face?\" Andy's mom asked. \"What look?\" \"Who kissed who? Was it a certian someone lastnight?\" \"A certian someone what?\" Andrew asked as he came into the kitchen. \"Yes, Dean & I kissed.,\" Andy said. Andrew ducked out of the room knowing it wasn't his subject. \"Ooooooo. First kiss. Who kissed who?\" Andy's mom asked again. \"Dean kissed me! It was, it was...magical, mom. And guess what. He said we could be together if I wanted. I said yes of course.\" \"I thought Dean was with Farron.\" \"He dumped her 'cause she wanted Cartier, the French garbage we fired.,\" Andy stated. \"Just be careful he is 17.,\" Andy's mom warned.[Chapter 2] AN: i kno in ch1 i said i needed help after ch4 but i meant ch3. P.S. im not tryin 2 b mean 2 Jorgito by sayin this stuff in my fic. i just thot it waz cool that he raced on the show. Dean & Andy had been dating steadily for a while. Dean was walking around the neighborhood looking for Andy because she wasn't home. Dean found three guys, all part of a gang, calling her names. She tried to ignore them. Andy saw Dean & he motioned for her to go over to him. She started running toward him & the guys followed her. Dean got brave & punched the one guy. The others ran. \"Why don't we go talk somewhere safe,\" Dean suggested. Dean took his girlfriend to the guest room her family was letting him stay in while he was on her team. \"First calm down, I'm not letting anyone lay a hand on you. Now, what were they doing?,\" Dean asked. Andy's crys slowed to sniffles. \"Take your time. I'm not going anywhere.\" Andy explained what happened. She told him they were making fun of her 'cause of the racing. \"You sure you're gonna be ok? I could hang with you for a while.,\" Dean offered. \"Hey you know what they say, 'sticks & stones may break my bones, but words can never hurt me'. ,\" Andy said with a smile. \"You know where I am if you wanna talk\" Andy was regiristring for her race next week & then she saw the new rider, Jorgito Vargas Jr. He was taking a pratice run around the track. When Andy got home she decided to ask Dean for help. \"Hey Dean, can you help me with my training? There's a new rider & he looks better than me.,\" Andy asked her longterm boyfriend. \"Sure, but baby, you know in my opinion you're the best.\" \"You're just sayin' that because we're dating.,\" Andy stated. \"No I'm not. Now lets get to it.\" Andy was beat in the first moto by Jorgito. She was really upset so Dean took her for a ride. \"Andy, slow down, you're over reving it.,\" Dean called. \"I'm fine. Just keep up.,\" Andy yelled. Andy hit a bump & tumbled off her bike. \"ANDY!,\" Dean yelled as he ran to his hurt girlfriend. \"Are you ok?\" \"I-I think my...ow...arm's broken.,\" Andy cried. \"Don't worry I'm going to get your mom.\" \"Mrs. Carson...Andy fell.,\" Dean called as he walked through the house. \"Is she alright?\" \"I'm not sure. I think her arm is broken.,\" Dean said. When he reached Andy big tears rolled down her face. \"Hey rookie, what's with the waterworks? It's going to be alright.,\" Dean stated as he helped Andy up. \"I-it hurts. I-I didn't listen to you.\" \"Shhh.,\" Dean soothed as he kissed the top of her head. \"Can I have the honor of being the first to sign your cast?,\" Dean laughed as he took a seat next to Andy when she came out of the office. \"Of course. You're my boyfriend after all.\" \"It's his fault. He's the one who let her take that ride after he knew she was mad.,\" Andy's father complained to her mom. \"Dad, it wasn't Dean's fault. Can't you see they're in love. Look at how he cheered Andy up.,\" Andrew said as he pointed to the couple. The 2 were laughing. \"Yeah dad, Dean told me to slow down. He told me I was over reving it. If it's anyone's fault it's mine. I was mad 'cause Jorgito Vargas Jr. beat me in the moto earlier. It wasn't Dean's fault.,\" Andy stated as she squeezed Dean's hand a little harder. Her dad got this look on his face when they walked away & he saw Dean's arm around her shoulders. \"Your dad seemed pretty mad 'bout us dating.,\" Dean said. \"Well, it's my life & I wanna do what I wanna do. Just like racing.,\" Andy answered.[Chapter 3] Andynhad got her cast off 1 week before her & Dean's 1 yearnaniversery. \"I'mnreally glad I got that cast off before our aniversery.,\" Andynsaid as she kissed Dean. \"Thencool part of tonight is it's also your birthday. I got younsomething.\" Dean handed Andy a small box. \"What'snthis?\" \"Opennit.\" Insidenwas a beautiful golden angel necklace. \"Dean,nthis is wonderful! I love angels.,\" She stated as she threw hernarms around him. \"Thatnis probably because you're an angel.,\" Dean stated placing thennecklace around Andy's neck. She stood & hugged him. 2nWEEKS LATER \"Heynsweetie. Guess what.,\" Dean said. \"What?\" \"It'snsort of a late birthday present. You know how you gave up your NSYNCntickets?\" \"Yeah, what about them?\" Andy asked. \"Well,nSURPRISE!\" Dean held up 2 backstage passes to a NSYNC concert. Whennthe couple got to the concert they were in the 3rd row. Justin,nJc, Lance, Chris, and Joey walked onstage in black leather coats. \"We'dnlike to dedicate this next 1 to a special young woman, named Andy,nfrom her boyfriend, Dean. This is 'God must have spent a little morentime on you'.,\" Justin said. Cannthis be true? Tellnme can this be real? Howncan put into hurts what I feel Mynlife was compleate Inthought I was born Whyndo I feel like I'm losing control? Nevernthought that love can feel like this Whennyou change my world with just 1 kiss Howncan it be that right here with me there's an angel It'sna miracle Yournlove is like a river Peacefuln& neat Yournsoul is like a secret that I never could keep WhennI look in your eyes I know that it's true Godnmust have spent a little more time on you... Whennthe song ended the couple kissed each other. NEXTnDAY Deannsaw Andy crying. He walked up to her. \"Baby,nwhat's wrong?\" Dean asked putting his hand on her shoulder. \"N-nothing.nI'm fine.,\" she said. Shenbarely looked at him before running off in tears. \"What'snup?\" Dean said to Andrew. \"Dadnsaid you have to either stop seeing Andy or quit the team.,\" henanswered. \"ThennI'll quit. Anything to be with the girl I love.\" \"Evennif it means losing your career?\" Andrew asked. \"Anything.\" AnFEW HOURS LATER Deannwalked up to Andy's dad. \"Mr.nCarson, can I talk to you?\" he asked. \"Aboutnwhat?\" \"Inknow that if I want to keep seeing your daughter I have to quitnso...\" \"Younwant to ruin your career just to see Andy?\" her dad asked. ","Summary":" AN: This iz after the movie. Jorgito Vargas, Jr. iz a real person. He plays \"Blake\" on 'Power Ran"},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"The Unexpected","Author":"Jen14","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/643797","Passage":"[Chapter 1] *Okay in this story Andrea/Andi still has long blonde hair but pulls it up into her helmetrnwhen she races. She and Rène Cartier don't get along b/c he invaded her room needing \"A Westrnfacing room\", orders her around, and makes sexist remarks constantly. Things are about to makerna turn...but for the better or worse? \"Bonjour,\" Rène Cartier said entering Andrea Carson's room. (remember he has thernadorable French accent!) \"Go away,\" she responded not moving from her desk. \"Well, this is my room for the time being,\" he retorted. \"Well not right now,\" she said. \"This was my room originally and I can be in it if I want.\" \"Fine stay if you want I have to change for practice.\" Rene walked over to the bed wherernhis clothes were heaped in a suitcase and pulled his polo shirt over his head revealing a perfectlyrntan and chiseled upper body. Andi tried not to pay any attention to him but couldn't help staringrnat his physique. He didn't seem to notice and pulled a white undershirt and the blue Fox Carsonrnjersey over his head. When he reached for his pants he turned around and Andi did the same,rnblushing slightly. \"So, how do I look?,\" he asked when he was finished. \"Um, fine,\" she said turning around. \"That almost sounds like a compliment,\" he said smirking. \"Well then you're mistaken,\" she said turning back to her desk. \"Whatever you're just a girl,\" he said exiting the room. \"Errrr!,\" she thought furiously. \"Why do I let him get to me like that? He's such a jerk!\" Later that day: Rène (and Andrew) had just finished practice when Andi came bounding down the stairsrnand into the kitchen. \"Oh hey honey,\" her father said. \"Hi dad,\" she replied simply getting a juice out of the fridge. \"Sweetheart would you mind taking some ice water out to the guys? Rène just finished arnhard practice.\" \"Ha!,\" she spat out. \" I don't think so Dad.\" \"Andrea!,\" he said angrily. \"I know you don't like him staying in your room but be nicernfor God's sake. He's in a new country with a new family. Be a little understanding.\" \"But Dad!,\" she whined. \"No But's. Now move,\" he instructed firmly. \"Fine,\" she said poutily ripping open the freezer door as her father walked away. \"And don't even think about spitting in it,\" he said peeking back into the kitchen. \"Who me?,\" she said innocently. Andi grabbed 2 glasses, filled them with ice and water, and carried them outside intornCalifornia heat. \"Hey Andrew,\" she said approaching him and Rène talking by one of the bikes. \"Hey Andi,\" he said. \"Thought you might like something to drink,\" she said holding one of the glasses out tornhim. \"Thanks I'm dying!,\" he said grabbing it and downing it all in a few gulps. \"Rène,\" she said hostilely holding out the glass. \"Thank you Andrea,\" he said sweetly. Andrew took the bike and began wheeling it backrnto the garage. Once he was out of earshot Rène turned back to Andi. \"It's good that you're getting used to doing such domestic things Andrea,\" he sneered. \"Itrnreally suits you better than racing bikes, a men's sport. \"Then why are you doing it?,\" she replied just as snidely. Rène got her \"remark\" and glared at her. \"Better hurry back to the kitchen and make me arnsnack.\" \"I don't think so,\" she said. \"Then get out of my way,\" he said pushing past her rudely and heading towards the house. She silently glared at his back as he walked away wondering how she could've found himrnattractive for even a milii-second. (When she first saw him/met him and in her bedroom earlier.) \"Jerk,\" she thought. Sighing, she headed back towards the house careful to keep her distancernfrom his retreating form. *Later that evening after dinner: Every member of the Carson household and Rène foundrnthemselves scattered about. Mr. and Mrs. Carson were in their large office above the garagernpouring over records or documents or something important. Jason and Andrew were parked inrnfront of the tv playing Nintendo (as they had been ever since dinner had ended). Eventually Rènernand Andi found themselves standing uncomfortably in her room. Or at least Andi was standing,rnRène immediately dived onto her plush comfortable bed (at least it looked that way to her asrnshe'd been sleeping on a couch for the past couple of nights) and made himself comfortablernpropped up on some pillows facing her. Andi stood and glared at him for a few moments beforerntearing off to her (walk-in) closet to grab some clothes. Rène called in to her, \"Are you going to wear that cute little red tank top?\" Andi came storming back into the room and stood angrily in front of him. \"What? Were you going through my clothes?!\" \"Maybe,\" he replied simply. \"Who the hell told you you could go through my stuff?!,\" she yelled angrily. \"Where'd those Cheerleading magazines go?,\" he said to himself going through one of herrnnight-stand drawers. Pulling one out and beginning to ogle something/someone inside herncompletely ignored Andi. She walked over to him and yanked it out of his hands. \"Hey!,\" he exclaimed. \"I was reading that.\" \"Ha, I bet you were,\" she said grabbing whatever else she could out of the drawer. \"Fromrnnow on stay away from of all my possessions.\" \"Maybe...,\" he said devilishly. \"What do you mean, Maybe?,\" she said. \"You'll stay away from them period!\" \"Where do you keep your diary Andrea?,\" he said turning over and looking under thernother side of the mattress which just happened to be where she kept it. \"Nooo!,\" she yelled jumping over him on the bed prepared to struggle for it. To herrnsurprise though he turned over quickly, landing her squarely on top of him. Her face stopped justrninches in front of his, breathing heavily. Before she could even think a sane thought he leanedrnforward quickly and kissed her. Deeply, passionately, putting his hands around her back/neck andrnpulling her forward forcefully. She couldn't even feel anything until he slid his tongue into herrnmouth and then she tried to pull away but he held her head with his strong hands. She put herrnhands on his chest and finally managed to push away from him. \"What do you think you're doing?,\" she said wiping her lips. \"What?,\" he said innocently. \"Never mind,\" she said getting off of him and grabbing all of her stuff before exiting thernroom quickly. Later that night as Andi lay on the sofa-bed she thought about the kiss. She didn't reallyrnknow what to think. She'd never really thought about Rène that way before but still...she couldn'trndeny that she enjoyed the kiss. \"He can be such a jerk though,\" she thought. Part of her minded his forwardness but partrnof her admired his dominance. *t*t*[Chapter 2] The next morning Rène and Andy were out practicing early, waking Andrea who usuallyrndidn't sleep in. She padded downstairs in her blue PJ's and robe to grab some OJ. \"Hey Andi,\" her mother greeted her. \"Sleep well?\" \"Oh, as well as possible I suppose,\" she replied feeling a sore spot in her side. \"Hang in there honey,\" her mother said kissing her on the cheek. \"Oh, look at the time -rn10 already! Your father and I have to run into town to do errands, we probably won't be backrnuntil 3 or 4 so have fun!,\" she said rushing out the door and into the waiting SUV with Mr.rnCarson. \"Great,\" Andi thought gleefully. \"The house to ourselves!\" A few minutes later the back door slid open and Andrew, Rène , and Jason trooped in. \"Hey Andi,\" her 2 brothers chimed in unison. Rène just flashed her a sexy smile. SuddenlyrnAndi felt uncomfortable in her PJ's because she knew Rène was watching her as the boys grabbedrnsnacks and drinks. But it was too late to bolt and change because they all joined her at the table. \"Have a good practice?,\" she asked to no one in particular. \"Yeah, it looked good,\" Andrew replied. \"Good,\" she said. She stiffened as she felt Rène's leg brush up and lean against hers from across the table.rnHe grinned at the torture he seemed to be causing her. \"So,\" she said falteringly. \"What are you guys doing the rest of the day?\" \"Practice and work on the bikes,\" Andrew again replied. \"Well I am going to go take a nap, I'm beat,\" Rène announced rising from the table. As hernleft the kitchen he glanced meaningfully at Andi. She waited a few minutes before also excusingrnherself and went up to her room. They needed to talk. The door was cracked and as she pushed itrnopen and entered a hand brushed up against her back and turned her around to meet a warm pairrnof lips. Pulling back for a moment she looked at Rène's dark brown eyes gazing intensely intornhers before closing and diving down for another kiss. \"Mmm...,\" he said pressing himself closer to her and running his hands up and down herrnback. She could feel the hard motocross gear on his shoulders/arms and chest as she let him kissrnher and returned the kiss. \"I hope you know what you're doing Andi,\" she thought. He guided herrnover to the bed and they sat down. \"Help me out of this stuff,\" he said as he kissed her neck. She complied while he continued kissing her. Once his gear was removed he felt forrnAndi's robe tie and opening it. As they lay back he crawled on top of her, placing his arms onrneither side of her shoulders. She giggled when he nibbled on her ear and neck. When he started tornwork his way down she stopped him with her mouth, bringing his head back up. And again andrnagain until he pinned her wrists/arms back with his hands. \"Rène,\" she exhaled. \"Rène.\" \"Hmmm...?,\" he murmured. \"We should stop.\" \"No.\" \"We need to. What if one of my brothers come in?\" \"I shut the door.\" \"It's not locked.\" He ignored her and continued traveling down her neck. \"Rène,\"she said again. She tried to move her arms but he kept them pinned firmly down. She started to sayrnsomething but he smothered her words with his mouth. One of his hands roamed to the front ofrnher body while the other held her arms above her head. He shifted his weight and lowered himselfrnfarther down on her, crushing her with his weight. Wish a final gasp she kneed him in the groinrncausing him to release her arms. She pushed him off of her and rolled off the bed in one smoothrnmotion. Rène gasped in (obvious) pain and rolled over to face her. \"What did you do that for?!\" (crossing her arms) \"You cannot hold me hostage if I wanna stop.\" \"Okay okay. Don't get so upset Andrea,\" he said sighing. \"And why shouldn't I be upset?!,\" she cried. \"Why not?,\" he said smiling smugly. \"Just stay away from me,\"she said. \"This was a bad idea to begin with.\" \"Come on Andrea,\" he said coming towards her. \"Let me make it up to you,\" he saidrnreaching for her waist. \"No,\" she said backing away. Look, I'm gonna go shower and get dressed so you justrntake your nap,\" she said exasperatedly. \"I don't think I can sleep now,\" he said touching her cheek. She pulled away/back fromrnhis touch, glared at him before leaving the room. He gazed after her longingly before laying backrndown on the bed. A half-hour later Andi had showered and dressed and was now sitting downstairsrnwatching the boys play video games. She figured it was safer for her to be around them as muchrnas possible than upstairs alone with Rène. She didn't trust him and quite frankly she didn't trustrnherself at the moment. She was staring off into space thinking about the current situation whenrnRène himself came striding down the stairs. \"Well, that was a nice rest,\" he said to all of them. \"Good, we should probably head back out there pretty soon,\" Andrew said to him notrntaking his eyes off the screen. \"Hmm I feel like lunch, how about it Andrea?,\" Rene said. \"I don't think so,\" she said glaring at him. \"Now what would your father say if he found you weren't being polite and helpful to mernwhile he was away?,\" he remarked casually. Andi glared with hatred at him before rising and stomping off to the kitchen. She was justrnfinishing a turkey sandwich when Rène wandered in. He leaned over her shoulder to check out thernfood. \"Hmm looks good, maybe there's hope for your culinary skills after all,\" he said. \"Go to hell,\" she replied. \"Oooh, temper temper mon cher,\" he said. \"Here's your lunch,\" she said shoving the plate towards him. \"Vous remercier,\" he replied turning to go sit at the table. Rène had just finished his lunch and was chugging down a soda when the boys came in. \"Ready to practice?,\" Andy asked reluctantly. \"Oui,\" Rène replied. \"Care to help me into my gear Andrea?,\" he sneered. \"No thanks,\" she huffed walking outside. \"What was that about?,\" Andy asked Rène. \"Nothing,\" he replied before heading out the door also. After another 2 hour practice everyone headed back to the garage. Andy and Jason tookrnthe bike and started to work on the engine and Rène went back to the house. He caught Andi,rnunaware of his presence, sitting in the guest room meditating quietly. Slowly he entered the roomrnand closed the door quietly. Her back was facing him as he crept closer to her and slowly leanedrndown to put his arms around her shoulders. Andi jumped as he did so and spun around quickly. \"Rène!,\" she said, clearly startled. Then recovering quickly, \"What do you want?\" \"Je vous veux,\" he replied softly kneeling down on the floor next to her. He had sweatrnsoaking in parts of his shirt and dried dirt/sweat on his face. \"Je vous veux, Andrea,\" he repeated. She didn't know what to say or if to move so she just sat there staring at his (admittedly) rugged,rnhandsome face. He stared briefly at her crystal blue eyes before plunging down to kiss her softrnlips. \"Shall we take it from where we left off?,\" he asked seductively. Before she could respondrnhe kissed her again, holding it longer. Andi couldn't resist it anymore, she wrapped her armsrnaround his neck and turned to face him as they kissed passionately, crashing to the floor in arnfrenzy. \"Are you going to be cooperative this time?,\" Rène asked. Andi just nodded in agreement before kissing his neck and running her fingers through hisrnhair. She helped him out of the pads/gear and sweaty jersey while he continued to kiss herrnpassionately. Neither one of them heard the door slowly crack open and a figure peek in. \"What the hell?,\" Andrew Carson exclaimed. Andi and Rène looked up quickly at Andrew's confused/stunned form before they bothrnscrambled to get off each other and get up. \"Uh, hi Andy,\" Andrea said nervously. \"Salut Andrew,\" Rène put in. \"Andi could I talk to you for a second?,\" Andrew asked pointedly. \"I'll give you two a moment,\" Rène said exiting the room. Once he was gone Andrew exploded. \"What the hell are you thinking?,\" he yelled at Andi.rn\"One of our riders, not to mention that he's living with us! Dad'll kill you!!\" \"Not if he doesn't find out,\" Andi tried to reason. \"Trust me, he'll find out,\" Andrew said. \"It's only a matter of time. Besides, I thought yourntwo hated each other!\" \"Well,\" Andi said staring at her shoes, \"We don't anymore. It just happened ok I didn'trnplan it!\" \"Well you have to stop it,\" he spat back. \"No! I'm sure Dad will take it just fine, and I'm sure he won't even suspect us.\" \"Well I don't like it. He's a total creep Andi why don't you see that anymore?\" \"Maybe he is but there's just something about him that...is different,\" she said. \"God I cannot believe you two! Right here in the house!\" \"What? Kiss?! Where else would we do it?\" \"You won't be doing it at all as long as I'm concerned,\" Andrew snapped. \"Andrew calm down,\" she reasoned. \"I'm 16 years old and perfectly capable of makingrnmy own decisions alright? Just leave it alone.\" Andrew didn't say anything, just frowned his disapproval at Andi and walked out of thernroom. He stormed past Rène who was standing outside in the hallway and into his bedroom nextrndoor. Rène walked into the guest room to talk to Andi. \"That did not sound good,\" he said. \"It wasn't,\" she replied. \"He doesn't want us doing this,(motioning around the room),rnanymore.\" \"What did you say?,\" Rène said coming closer to her. \"No. It's none of his business anyway.\" \"Right,\" he said kissing her firmly on the lips. \"I am going to go take a shower,\" he saidrnleaving her with a smile. Andi smiled back wondering how she could hate the man/guy standing before her onernmoment, and feel so inexplicably in awe of him the next. \"I know it's not love,\" she thought, \"But it's not completely lust either. He has that wholernbad-boy thing going on, not to mention that killer accent.\" * * * Well that's it for now what'd you think?[Chapter 3] *Later that day when the Carson=s came home: Rène actually was taking a napnnow(Andi checked and was now daydreaming about him in the sunroom), Andrewnwas still in his room brooding about Rène and his Alittle@ sister.(she wasnborn 2 minutes after him), and Jason was helping his parents bring inngroceries.nAHey kids!,@ Mr. Carson called out as they entered the house. AWe=re home!@ Eventually the three older kids wandered downstairs. Rène and Andi shared ansecret smile while Andrew looked on glaring at them. Mrs. Carson sensed thentension immediately and asked, AEverything ok guys?@nAYeah, fine,@ they all answered.nAOokay,@ she said walking into the kitchen. Andrew continued to glare atnthe two as he went to talk to Mr. Carson in the living room.nADo you think he=ll tell?,@ Rène asked Andi as they watched him walk away.nANo, not yet at least,@ she replied.nAWell Rène wanna see if you can beat your old time?,@ Mr. Carson asked asnhe entered the room again.nASure,@ he replied grabbing his gear and walking out the door.nEventually everyone came outside to watch Rène race around the track. Whennhe was done he rode over to everyone before killing the engine.nAWell how did it look?,@ he asked Mr. Carson.nAMuch better,@ he said. AMuch better. How long=d you guys practice today?@nAAbout 4 hours Dad,@ Andrew said.nAGood,@ Mr. Carson said approvingly to both of them. AI think you=re donenfor today,@ he said to Rène.nMrs. Carson headed back inside to prepare dinner and everyone else walkednup to the garage. The sun was just starting to set as Andrew and Jasonnstarted taking the bike apart and Mr. Carson supervised. Rène walkednoutside and Andi soon followed. She found him standing behind a large treenwiping the sweat off his brow.nAHey you looked good out there,@ she complimented.nAMerci,@ he said smiling.nThey stood in silence for awhile trying to act casual in case anyone shouldnsee them. When it appeared no one was going to show Andi reached up slowlynand gave Rène a kiss, wrapping her arms around his neck as his handsnencircled her waist. They continued to kiss unaware that Mr. Carson hadnspotted just Andi standing behind the tree and was approaching them. ","Summary":" *Okay in this story Andrea/Andi still has long blonde hair but pulls it up into her helmetrnwhen sh"},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"The Carsons Meet The Halliwells","Author":"Kashish Kate","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1828679","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 Ashley Halliwell stared across the room to look at her friend, Jake, who was being yelled at for throwing a frog's stomach at the captain of the football team's face. Justin (captain) was picking the stuff off his face. Why the hell did you do that?\" Mr. Bescin asked screaming. \"He was bad mouthing my family!\" screamed Jake. Both of you. Don't do that again. Next time Jacob, you will be suspeneded for a semester!\" Mr. Bescin yelled. He walked to his desk. Justin gave Jake the middle finger. Jason was a player who had a crush on Ashley. Jason turned and winked at her. Jen bent towards Ashley and whispered, \" I would have thrown a brain at him. He did deserve it.\" Ashley broke out laughing. \"Is something funny Ms. Halliwell?\" Mr. Bescin asked looking at her and Jen. When she didn't answer, he continued, \"Would you like to tell the class?\" \"No sir,\" she said. \"Good. The next one who interrupts will be sent to a weeks worth of detention.\" he stated. Luckily, Jason was just caught passing a note. Mr. Bescin decided to read it out loud. \"I was wondering if you could hook me up with Ashley,\" he said as the class laughed. Jason was now the shade of deepest red. The bell rang and Ashley quickly packed up and walked out with Jen. \"Did you hear. Blink 182 is coming to San Francisco!\" Jen yelled. I know. My brother's trying to get me tickets,\" Ashley explained. \"Awesome,\" said Jen. Jake came running up. \"I hate how the football players are treated,\" he sighed. \"Did you hear. Blink 182 is coming to San Francisco. Ashley's brother is trying to get tickets,\" Jen explained. Wow! I can't wait,\" he said. ************ Jake and Ashley went to the Halliwell manor to work on homework. When they got there, Phoebe was in the kitchen. \"Hey how was your day?\" she asked. \"Another football player treated like a king,\" said Jake. \"Ash. Alex called,\" Phoebe sighed. Alex was her brother. He was in L.A. on a trip. Niki was her cousin who was upstairs listening to Simple Plan. \"What did he want?\" she asked happily. \"Well. The motorcross season starts in a week and he was wondering if you wanted to come,\" she explained,\" Then, on the second week, Niki would come with ya guys.\" \" Sure,\" Ash replied. Ashley's family was killed in a plane crash. Phoebe adopted Ashley, Niki and Alex. I'm sorry. I can't stay today. I have to be home,\" said Jake as he left. Ashley ran upstairs because it was Friday and she emailed Alex saying sure and everthing. Then she signed off and turned on \"Girl At The Rock Show\" by Blink 182. Then Niki came in. \"Have you thought about that Freshman dance?\" Niki asked sitting down on Ashley's bed. \"The summer one?\" asked Ashley. \"Ya.\" said Niki. Ya. But no one would go with me,\" said Ashley. \" You might make a friend up at the track,\" said Niki. You might too. I heard there are a lot of young mechanics up there,\" Ashley said sitting down on the bed. Niki smiled. \"You still thinking about cutting your hair?\" asked Niki. \"Ya. Just by the shoulders,\" Ash said looking in the mirror. Me too,\" Niki sighed. \"Did you hear 'bout Simple Plan?\" Ash asked. \"No! What happened?\" Niki asked frantically. \"They're comin to San Francisco,\" Ashley explained. Just then, Paige walked in. \"Good luck on the races,\" she said. \"Thanks,\" Niki and Ashley said. No prob,\" Paige said,\"Alex called. He wants Niki to come the first week too.\" Niki smiled. Awesome. I can't wait!\" said Ash. \"Ya. Did Alex get the tickets yet?\" Niki asked. \"Ya. They will be here in about a week or two. He gave them the hotel address so they could send it there.\" Paige replied walking out of the room. \"This is going to be the best summer,\" Ashley said as she walked out of the room with Niki on her tail. **** When they got to the kitchen, Chris was standing there by the table. \"Hey. Have a good day?\" he asked as Niki sat down. Ashley pulled two Dr. Peppers out of the frig. \"Ya. It was pretty good except a football player keeps hitting on me. The asshole,\" Ash said sighing. \"I had a great day! I played football with the boys. The girls are pain in the asses,\" Niki said after taking a long chug. Piper then came walking in the room. t\"Now. Ashley and Niki. Please promise me you will not find a boyfriend up there. I might have to have Alex keep a close eye on you too,\" Piper said as Niki and Ashley rolled their eyes. Ashley was turning 16 soon and Niki was 12 and a half. Good old Piper treated them like two five year olds. Usually, Phoebe spoke up, but Chris did this time. \"Piper. Back off a bit. They are old enough. They should learn from their mistakes. And, they aren't stupid,\" he said calmly as Piper's expression turned from serious to shock. \"Please Aunt Piper. Listen to Chris for once,\" Niki pleaded with a puppy dog pout on her face. When she did a dog pout they treated her like a queen. \"Fine. But if you do get a boyfriend, I want to meet them first,\" Piper sighed. Ashley and Niki nodded, stifling their laughs. Like they would ever tell her first. The first one they would go to would be Chris, Phoebe, or even Paige, but NEVER Piper. Piper walked out of the room. \"Wow. Are you guys really gonna tell her?\" Chris asked quietly. \"Nope,\" Ashley and Niki whispered in union. They broke out laughing. Just then, Leo orbed in. \"What's so funny,\" he asked glancing at each of them. \"Overprotective Piper strikes again,\" Ashley laughed. Leo joined in with them laughing. ****** MEANWHILE, at the Carson house, they were working on strategies. \"I wonder if the Halliwells are gonna be there?\" Dean wondered out loud. \"Who?\" Andrew asked. \"Just some of my old buds. There is Alex Halliwell who is 20. Then there is Ashley Halliwell who is 16. Then there is their cousin, Niki who is 12 and a half. Then, there is Ashley's little brother, Jonathan who is three,\" Dean explained to the confused Andrew. \"Cool,\" Andrea said grabbing a Coke. \"Ya. I think Alex is still racing 250. Then Ashley has always been a 125. Then Niki is, I think, a mechanic,\" Dean explained. \"Who's a mechanic?\" Jason asked as he entered the garage. \"A friend of mine's cousin. Her name's Niki and she is 12,\" he explained again. \"Cool,\" Jason said. \"How do you know them?\" Andrea asked. \"I went to high school with Alex,\" Dean said grabbing a wrench. \"Cool. Wait then why aren't they living around here?\" Andrew asked. \"They do. In San Francisco. What is this? Twenty questions?\" Dean asked. \"Sorry man. Just wondering.\" Andrew stated as Dean cell phone rang. \"Hello,\" Dean said as he picked it up,\"Hey. What's up. Ya. You are bringing Ashley and Niki. How are they any way?\" There was a pause. \"Good. They are over it, right?\" Another pause. \"Ya. Piper at it again?\" A long pause. \"What! Chris said that. Holy shit!\" another pause. \"Dang. Piper must have been pissed.\" Another pause. \"Wow. That is unbelievable.\" Another long pause. \"Good. Ashley is in trouble.\" Another pause. \"Wow. That football player is an ass.\" Another short pause. \"Dang. Niki did that? Wow.\" Another pause. \"Ya. Talk to ya later.\" He hung up. \"Let me guess. That was Alex,\" Andrea said. \"Ya. God. They are one amazing family,\" Dean sighed sitting down.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 This is pretty awesome you both could make it,\" Alex said after they parked the truck and Ashley's corvette, then opened the trailer. \"Alex. You can go sign up. We'll unpack,\" Ashley stated. Alex walked away and Niki got up to unlatch the bikes. Ashley pulled out the ramp. \"Do you need help?\" Ashley turned. It was a cute.. no HOT.. boy around her age with blond hair. \"No. I'm fine,\" she stated. \"I'm Andrew Carson. Andy for short. I'm about two trailers down,\" he said. \"I'm Ashley Halliwell. A.K.A. Ash,\" she said. She heard a cough. It was Niki wanting to be introduced. \"This is my cousin, Niki,\" Ashley said pointing to Niki. \"Hi,\" Niki said before turning back and checking the motors. \"So. Do you race?\" Andy asked. \"Ya. I'm a 125 pro. My brother is a 250 pro. My cousin is our mechanic. We usually race in Mass but...,\" she said trailing off. \"I'm here with my family and our 250 rider. I'm a 125 pro too. So is my sister. I'll be racing you,\" he said smiling. Ashley couldn't help but smile at her. \"Hey. Do you both want to meet my family?\" he asked with a sweet smile on his face. \"Sure,\" Ashley and Niki chimed. Alex came walking over. \"Hey Alex. This is Andrew. Andrew, this is my brother, Alex,\" Ashley explained. \"Hi,\" Alex said shaking hands. \"Alex. We'll be right back,\" Ashley said ushering Niki with her. ******* \"Hey Andi. I want you to meet someone,\" Andy said. Andi turned. \"Hi. I'm Andrea Carson. Andi for short,\" Andi explained. \"I'm Ashley Halliwell. Ash for short,\" Ashley said, \"And. This is my cousin, Niki.\" t\"Hi,\" mumbled Niki because she just saw a younger boy around her age. \"This is our little brother, Jason,\" Andi said. \"Hi,\" he mumbled to Ashley but mainly to Niki. Dean walked out of the trailer. \"Hey. Halliwell. Waz up? Where's Alex?\" Dean greeted Ash. \"At the trailer,\" Ash said. Dean walked towards a trailer that said 'Halliwell Racing' on it. Just then Mrs. Carson was coming around the trailer. \"Mom. I want you to meet Ashley Halliwell,\" Andy said. \"Hi,\" Mrs. Carson said to Ashley. \"This is my cousin, Niki,\" Ashley introduced her cousin. \"So you here with your family?\" Mrs. Carson asked. \"If you mean my brother, ya. If you mean my parents, No. They died in a plane crash,\" Ashley said calmly. \"I'm sorry,\" Mrs. Carson said. \"Who cares,\" Ashley said. \"It happened around three years ago,\" Niki chimed in, who stopped looking at Jason. t\"Oh,\" Andy said. Just then, Mr. Carson came around. \"Hey Dad. I want you to meet someone,\" Andy said. \"I'm Ashley Halliwell,\" Ashley said, getting tired of repeating herself. \"I'm Nicole Halliwell, Ashley's cousin,\" Niki spoke up. \"Hi,\" Mr. Carson said. \"Hey Andy. I need your opinion,\" said Dean who had returned from the Halliwell trailer. Andy shot him a look that basically said,\" hello. I-am-talking-to-a-girl.\" Dean got the look and said ,\" Never mind.\" \"Got to go. We have to get ready,\" Ash said and she and Niki walked off. \"Wait. Do you guys want to have dinner at our house tonight ?\" Mrs. Carson asked nicely. \"Sure,\" Ashley said and they kept walking away. *** When the races were over, the announcer said,\" Ashley Halliwell takes first with Andrew Carson in 2nd in 125. In 250, Alex Halliwell comes in first and Dean Talon comes in a close 2nd for Carson Racing.\" \"Wow. You guys did good today,\" Andrew said to Alex and Ashley. \"Thanks. But our mechanic deserves the credit,\" Ashley said messing up Niki's hair. \"Listen. I was wondering if you wanted to catch a movie tomorrow. Niki can come and Andrea and Dean can come. Jason could hang out with Niki,\" Andrew said looking at the floor. \"Sure,\" Ashley said smiling. God. How could i say no, she thought. \"You mean sure as in yes?\" he asked looking at her. Wow, he thought, does she have an amazing eye color. She had n mixture between blue, green, and grey. \"Yes. It does.\" Ashley stated. \"I'll ask them. Andrea will have to say yes. She owes me a favour,\" he said now heading to his truck. (They can drive now!!!) Ashley headed to her corvette. Her corvette was a present from her aunts. \"You really like him, huh?\" Niki asked climbing into the corvette. \"Ya. He's cool,\" Ashley replied getting into the corvette.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 \"So where are you staying?\" Jason asked at dinner that night. Theynwere out at The Ship. \"At the Hammond Hotel,\" Ashley said.n\"Ya. Cool. Isn't that the hotel that was built after that famous castle?\"nJason asked. \"Ya. It is in Massachusetts. I used to live there. I hated it there,\"nAshley said quickly.n\"Oh. School here isn't that bad,\" Andrew said. \"You wouldn't survive a day in my old school. You had to be friendsnwith this person or you had to sit with the geeks. I sat with the seventhngraders when i was in sixth. I hung out with eigth graders. The sixthngraders were horrible,\" Ashley explained.n\"Dang,\" Andrea said. \"It wasn't so bad. I played football with the boys. My closest friendnwas a boy named Jason. I had one friend, Jessica. She moved to Canada. So inhang out with the boys. My dad owned a race car. My uncle shared it withnhim. I hung out with mechanics. I hung out with racers and girls hated dragnracing. Even boys I knew didn't like it. I was the outcast,\" Ashleynspilled. Niki nodded her head.n\"So. You glad you moved?\" Andy asked quietly. \"Ya,\" Ashley said looking at him.n\"Do you have a phone number?\" Andi asked. \"Ya. my cell is 647-454-7739,\" Ashley said writing it down. ***nAt the other end of the table, Mr. Carson, Alex and Dean were talking aboutnbikes.n\"So does Ash still like motocross like she used to?\" Dean asked. \"No. Now she is into drag racing. Our dad used to do it and she isnreally good. Next year, she might stop doing motocross,\" Alex said.n\"How long have you been racing motocross?\" Mr. Carson asked. \"'Bout, twelve years.\" Alex stated.n\"Who got you into it?\" Mr. carson asked. \"My dad. He used to do it for fun when he was little so I do it. Ournaunts hate it when we do it. Ashley almost broke her back when ten peoplencrashed. But, in drag racing, fire came out of the muffler on the motor andnburned her arms. Luckily, she survived them,\" Alex explained.n\"Wow,\" Dean stated. *** At about six o'clock, Alex, Ashley and Niki said their goodbyes.n\"See you at the races next week,\" Mr. Carson said to them. \"Bye,\" Ashley and Niki yelled back. *** When they got to their hotel room, they found Chris sitting on thencouch.n\"Sorry but Phoebe said you forgot this and to give it to you,\" Chrisnexplained to Ashley. It was her labtop. \"Thanks,\" she said turning it on. To her surprise, Jen and Jake werenon. ( Jake = demonhunter5 and Jen = fireball54 and Ashley = motoXchic665) motoXchic665: hey waz up. how's everything.ndemonhunter5:good.nfireball54: good did alex get the tickets?nmotoXchic665: yup they will be here in a week or two.ndemonhunter5: kool gtg byendemonhunter5 has signed offnfireball54: can i ask u sumthinnmotoXchic665: u just did!nfireball54: do u think Jake is kinda cute?nmotoXchic665: he is our friend but ya. i met a boy up at the race today andnhe is so hot!!nfireball54: wat does he look likenmotoXchic665: he is 'bout 5'6\" and has blonde hair and blue eyes.nfireball54: wow!nmotoXchic665: ya and he wanted me to go to the movies tomorrownfireball54: u aren't lieingnmotoXchic665: nopenfireball665: have u told piper?nmotoXchic665: no. she will be the last one to find out.nfireball54: i'm sry i gtg byenmotoXchic665: byenfireball54 has signed off Little did she know, Chris was standing behind her, reading the wholenchat.n\"You met a boy?\" Chris asked. Ashley almost peed her pants. \"What!You scared me. Yes, I have. Please don't tell Piper,\" Ashleynpleaded, looking at her cousin.n\"I won't. I promise. If she finds out, I did not know one thing aboutnthis,\" he said calmly. Ashley got up and hugged her cousin. (Piper knewnabout Chris at this time) \"Thank you,\" she said.n\"I have to go,\" he said and orbed out. Ashley went to her room that shenshared with Niki. \"Hey. You want to go to the arcade?\" Ashley asked grabbing twentyndollars from her purse.n\"Ya. Sure,\" Niki said putting the J14 magazine she was reading down. *** When they got to the arcade, Ashley got tokiens.n\"I love pinball!\" Niki exclaimed. \"Ya. Come on. I want to play the 'South Park' one before we have tongo back upstairs,\" Ashley replied as they headed to the pinball machines.nThey played other games too while they were there. By the time they werenready to go back to the room, they each had a super bouncy ball, a deck ofn'South Park' cards, and one big bag of keychains. *** When they got back to the room, Alex was pacing the room.n\"Where the hell did you guys go. I was worried sick!\" Alex screamed atnthem.nAshley walked over to the coffee table which had a note on it. \"We left a note saying we were gonna be at the arcade,\" Ashleynreplied shoving the note in his hands.n\"Oh,\" he said as he read the note. Ashley and Niki walked out of the roomnand put their stuff on their bed. \"God. He was paranoid,\" Niki said grabbing a hair brush.n\"I know. He usually doesn't care if we run off. Something's up,\" Ashleynstated. \"It is kinda creepy,\" Niki said turning on Jlo first cd. Ashleynstarted singing to \"Waiting For Tonight\" in Spanish. After it was over, shenpaused the cd.n\"You should become a singer. You are really good. God. You can sing innSpanish, English, and even Italian. We should make a band. I know some kidsnthat can play other instruments. You can still play the guitar. I can playnthe drums. It would be fun,\" Niki said. \"You are right. Okay. I'm in,\" Ashley said hugging Niki. Niki wentnthrough her closet to show her what she was going to wear tomorrow. Ashleynsaid the light blue jeans and the 'Simple Plan' shirt went good together.nNiki said that the dark blue jeans and the 'Blink 182' shirt went goodntogether.n\"If I tell you something, would you promise you wouldn't laugh?\" Ashleynasked grabbing a comb. \"I wouldn't,\" Niki replied.n\"I kinda have a crush on Jake,\" Ashley admitted. \"I thought you liked Andrew,\" Niki said.n\"I do but I also like Jake,\" Ashley said. \"Well, you better pick one. I know Jake and Jen know about our powernbut Andrew is really into you,\" Niki said quietly.n\"I think you are right. I may have a crush on Jake but I like Andrew a lotnmore,\" Ashley said turning off the light. Just then her cell phone startednringing. It was Andrew. \"Hey Andrew. What's up?\" Ashley asked, smiling. Long Pause. \"Okay. Ya sure.nDean and Andi can come. Ya got to go. Bye,\" Ashley said and hung up. Shenwas glad she met him. Maybe she would have to be afraid that he was a demonnthis time. Maybe she could be happy. Then she asked herself, why is Alexnacting so weird. She slowly fell into a peaceful sleep, not knowing whatnwas coming next.[Chapter 4] From the author: treverschic665!! Sorry for the late update. I've beennworking on a Harry Potter story with a little of Ashley Halliwell and hernfamily mixed in. You get the full story on how Ashley, Niki, and Alex lostntheir family. The Harry Potter story is called Hermione's Secrets. I'llngive you a preview of the first chapter. Malfoy changes a bit. And he has ancrush on Hermione. Hermione slammed right into Malfoy when leaving the Great Hall.n\"Watch where you Granger,\" he spat. Hermione was listening to KellynOsborne's song 'Shut Up'. Malfoy helped her up, grabbed his bag (YA RIGHT)nand went to the dugeon. She looked down and grabbed the other bag. ***nAt the common room, she noticed she grabbed Malfoy's bag and he was flooingnhome for Christmas Vacation!TONIGHT! AND THEY WORST PART! SHE HAD HER DIARYnIN IT!! ***nDo you like it. Review this chapter and mention my story. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Ch 4 Ashley woke up at ten o'clock. 'Only four more hours' she thought.nShe got up and noticed her cousin, Niki was already up. She went to thencouch and saw Niki sitting there.n\"Already eat breakfest?\" Ashley asked. Niki turned, startled. \"No. Alex said, 'I'll be back a five.' Then he walked out,\" Nikinexplained. She was already dressed so Ashley went to her room and changed.nThen she walked back to Niki.n\"Let's go down stairs and grab something to eat,\" Ashley said. \"Ya. Sure,\" Niki said and they left the room. *** Once down stairs, they ordered two large French Vanilla latte's andntwo large donuts.n\"Thanks Ash,\" Niki said, her mouth three-quaters full with a chocolatendonut. \"No prob,\" Ashley said taking a drink of her latte. Then she noticednsome one she hasn't seen since sixth grade. The dreaded Kelcie. And thengirl was heading her way.n\"Hi Ashley,\" Kelcie said. \"Hi,\" Ashley said putting on a fake smile.n\"Like oh my god. You changed. Have you become uglier?\" Kelcie asked. \"No. I asked my surgen to make me look like you. He did his job andnsaid I am now ugly,\" Ashley stated. That whiped the smile off her face.n\"Oh,\" Kelcie said and walked off. \"Good one,\" Niki said as she gave Ashley a high five. Just then,nAndrew walked in the hotel.n\"Andrew!\" Ashley called. Andrew saw them and walked over. \"What are you doing here?\" Ashley asked.n\"Getting away from my family,\" he replied, rolling his eyes. \"Oh,\" Ashley said.n\"We were heading to the mall in about five minutes. I hear they have a newnmusic store. Wanna come?\" Niki asked. \"Sure,\" Andrew said. *** They got to the music store (FYE) and started looking at Blink 182ncds. They had a song playing in the store. It was 'The Rock Show'. 6. The Rock Show - (2:52) Hanging out behind the club on the weekend acting stupid, getting drunk with my best friends I couldn't wait for the summer and the Warped Tour I remember it's the first time that I saw her there She's getting kicked out of school cause she's failing I'm kind of nervous cause I think all her friends hate me she's the one, she'll always be there she took my hand and that made it I swear Because I fell in love with the girl at the rock show she said \"what?\" and I told her that I didn't know she's so cool, I'm gonna sneak in through her window everything's better when she's around I can't wait till her parents go out of town I fell in love with the girl at the rock show When we said we were gonna move to Vegas I remember the look her mother gave us Seventeen without a purpose or direction we don't owe anyone a fucking explanation I fell in love with the girl at the rock show she said \"what?\" and I told her that I didn't know she's so cool, I'm gonna sneak in through her window everything's better when she's around I can't wait till her parents go out of town I fell in love with the girl at the rock show Black and white picture of her on my wall I waited for her call she always kept me waiting and if I ever got another chance I'd still ask her to dance because she kept me waiting I fell in love with the girl at the rock show she said \"what?\" and I told her that I didn't know she's so cool, I'm gonna sneak in through her window everything's better when she's around I can't wait till her parents go out of town I fell in love with the girl at the rock show with the girl at the rock show with the girl at the rock show (I'll never forget tonight) with the girl at the rock show (I'll never forget tonight) with the girl at the rock show (I'll never forget tonight) with the girl at the rock show (I'll never forget tonight) with the girl at the rock show (I'll never forget tonight) with the girl at the rock show \"How could you like them?\" Andrew asked, when the song ended. \"I'm into Rock not Rap. Except I do like Outkast and Eminem,\" Ashleynexplained.n\"Wow. They have a new Blink 182 shirt!\" Niki exclaimed. It was so cool.nThey had their symbol on it. \"Awesome,\" Ashley said as she grabbed her size. She just had to getnit. Niki picked out a 'Simple Plan' shirt and a wrist band.n\"Are you into N'Sync?\" Andrew asked. \"Nope. Hate them. I like Back Street Boys. Why?\" Ashley asked.n\"Andrea is. You know. My sister,\" Andrew explained. Just then, SimplenPlan's song \"My Christmas List\" came on. \"My Christmas List\" Santa is coming tonight And I want a car, and I want a life And I want a first class trip to Hawaii I want a lifetime supply Of skittles & slurpees and Eskimo pies I want a DVD, A big screen TV Just bring me things that I don't need [CHORUS:] 'Cuz now it's Christmas And I want everything I just can't wait Christmas So don't stop spending I want a million gifts, that's right Don't forget my Christmas list tonight 'Cuz now it's Christmas Somebody take me away Or give me a time machine To take me straight to midnight I'll be alright I want a girl in my bed Who knows what to do A PlayStation 2 I want a shopping spree In New York City Just bring me things that I don't need [CHORUS] I wish I could take this day And make it last forever And no matter what I get tonight I want more It's Christmas and I want everything I just can't wait It's Christmas and I want everything now Christmas And I want everything I just can't wait Christmas So don't stop spending, I Want a million gifts, That's right And I can't wait 'til midnight Don't forget my Christmas list tonight 'Cuz now it's Christmas \"They're pretty good,\" Andrew explained. Just then, Ashley's fav song camenon. It was by Pink. It was called, \"Split Personality\". \"Split Personality\" I do not trust, so I cannot love (can't no man be trusted) Oh no no no And I would not dare to open up (this life of yours is dusted Pink) Well my rent's past due and now my car won't start, I hate the bus (well aren't you glad you have somebody to talk to) Tell me what do they see when they look at me Do they see my many personalities [Chorus:] Can you help me Does anybody hear me Can they even see me This is my reality, oh oh (can it be my turn now, is it my turn Pink) Said I'll say it again, you're my only friend (I protect you from the world, I basically protect you from yourself) Though I can't go on, I'm not satisfied with this being the end (this is just the beginning) Tell me why can't I just reach up and simply touch the sky Tell me why can't I spread my arms and fly and fly and fly Tell me why can't I say this, why can't I do that Tell me what do they want from me, tell me how to act [Repeat Chorus 2x] So I'm putting it all on the table (tell em' Pink) You don't know me well enough to label me, sick, or even disturbed When you break it down I'm just two girls Trying to blend, trying to vibe (trying) Trying to live just one life (so hard) Everybody's got insanities...I got a split personality Tell me why can't I just reach up and simply touch the sky (why can't you) Tell me why can't I spread my arms and fly and fly and fly (you can) Tell me why can't I say this, why can't I do that (just do it) Tell me what do they want from me, tell me how to act (I can't, I can't) [Repeat Chorus 3x] Can you help me (talk to me, talk to me, don't ignore me, I can't take it) Do you hear me Do you see me everytime (oh calm down, it's not that serious, we'll be just fine without them) It's all mine...it's my reality...it's just too much for me (you're my friend, you're my friend...Pink!...Pink!) When the song ended, they headed to the hotel room. When they entered, theynfound Chris sitting on the couch.n\"Where have you guys been. I was calling so I drove up here!\" Chris yelled. \"Calm down cuz. We went out to get some stuff,\" Ashley said.n\"Oh okay. Where's Alex. Does he know?!\" Chris yelled again. \"No. He left. He doesn't care,\" Ashley explained.n\"Yes he does,\" Chris snapped. \"He just wants to get custidy over us so he could get money!\" Ashleynscreamed.n\"What?!\" everybody asked. \"I heard him talking on the phone. I taped it,\" Ashley said pullingnout her recorder. **** After they listened to the tape, they knew it was true.n~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~nA/N: Wat did you think about this chapter? Review and xplain. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 Ashley Halliwell stared across the room to look at her friend, Jake, who was being yelled"},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"Brotherly Love","Author":"jesusfreak1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/780634","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Andy's POV It all worked out. Andi won! Team Carson got the sponsorship. Anpart of me wishes that I could have ridden, but it was for the best. Instill can't ride because of my knee, and Andi totally deserved this chance.n She still blames herself for my accident. Winning made her smile and feelngreat about herself. Really, there is no other girl like Andi. She rides better than mostnguys I know, she gets along with just about everyone, she's really quitenstriking, and she's giving. My mom told me what she did with those N*SYNCntickets I sent. She says Andi did it because she was in love. Part ofnthat is true, but it goes deeper than that. Andi was so in love with Deannthat she could not bear to see him hurting the way he was. Everyone knewnhow badly she wanted to go to that concert, but she gave it up to see Deannhappy. Our first night back together, she told me that she was happy to seenDean happy, but that it hurt so much to see that Dean was happy because henwas with Farron. It hurt me to see her in tears over a guy, and I was tornnbetween staying with her or going and beating Dean to a pulp for puttingnAndi through all this. I ended up holding her as she cried, and when shenfell asleep in my arms, I ended up staying the night in her room. But now, at the winners circle, as she watched Dean walk away, Incouldn't just stand there. It was as if I could feel her heart shattering,nand my own was breaking seeing her in pain. After the crowd had clearednout, I started going off in the direction I had last seen Dean. I ended upnat the Henderson rig where one of his teammates said he saw Dean go offnriding in the direction of the lake. I went back to our rig, grabbed thenspare bike, and told my mom I'd be back in an hour or so. She seemed tonknow what I was doing and told me to take my time. I geared up and headednoff in the direction of the lake. I was going to knock some sense into Dean Tallon, even if it took allnnight. No one hurts my sister and gets away with it. Dean's POV She lied to me! She plain straight out lied to me, and she expectsnme to understand? She lied to me, to the riding officials, to everyone!nBut ohh man, can she ride or what! No, no she lied to me. I told hernthings that I haven't told anyone else. But it was so easy to talk to her.n Get a hold of yourself Dean. She lied to me. She lied to protect hernfamily, her brother, to win the sponsorship, to win for herself.nNevertheless, she lied. She lied and – that was all. So why cant younshake it Dean? \"I figured you'd be here\" I turned around and came face to face with Andy, excuse me, AndrewnCarson. I turned back around and muttered, \"I didn't hear you come up.\" \"Are you done running from her yet?\" How simple a question, but I just couldn't force myself to answer. Inkept wondering if Andy was actually going to hit me or not. \"Well Dean?\" \"No.\" Suddenly I was flying. I prayed for a soft ending and endednup landing face first in the water.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: Me no own nothing Andy's POV Whoa. I actually hit someone. I can't believe it. Ow, I think Inbroke my hand! \"Umm, Dean? Ya okay dude?\" Eek, my hand is purple! I turned to thenbike to see if there was any tape when I heard it. \"I deserved that.\" \"No, you deserved worse. First you break my sister's heart, and nownyour thick headed skull broke my hand.\" Shit! I didn't mean to say that.nI'm silent for a moment then say, \"I'm sorry Dean. I didn't mean that. Inhad no right to say that.\" I sit down on the ground and continue talking.n\"Look Dean. I know Andi lied to you, and I know that you confided in hernbecause you thought it was me. But you know that she did it because shenfelt she needed to save the family. Dean, she blamed herself for myninjury. I really wanted to ride, but she needed this chance. I'm sorrynthat you ended up getting hurt, but she's hurting right now too. She lovesnyou. Majorly. Those N*SYNC tickets were hers. She was dying to go tonthat concert but gave it up because she couldn't bear to see her in painnover Farron. Dude, when she came home she was devastated. I was not goingnto just stand by and watch her go through that again.\" Well, I think that's the most I've said since this whole thingnstarted. Dean was still sitting in the water, taking all this in. I satnthere looking at my hand, which is definitely broken. I'm trying to figurenout how to splint it when Dean finally gets out of the water and sits nextnto me. He takes the tape out of the first aid kit and starts wrapping mynhand. I wait till he finishes, then start cleaning the cuts on his arm andnface he got from landing in the water, the whole time trying to figure outnwho is going to speak first. Dean's POV He actually hit me. Hard. I'm sitting there in the water trying toncomprehend what Andy just said when I heard those three words – She lovesnyou. Is that why I couldn't shake it? I take a deep breath, then climb outnof the water and sit next to him on the floor. Man, talk about majorndamage! After we finish \"healing\" each others wounds, I begin to talk.n\"Andi is everything I've ever wanted in a girl. That's why it hurt so muchnwhen she lied to me. There's just so much going on in my head that I don'tnknow what to think. I know why she did all this, but it still hurt sonmuch. Why!?\" Andy just sat there holding his arm, staring at the water.n\"Well, aren't you going to say anything Andy?\" After a few minutes ofnsilence, he finally said it. \"You love her too.\" What! I can't, I don't, I – I – I do don't I. I admit it. I donlove her. I don't need some everyday run of the mill girl. I need AndreanCarson. The one girl who I was able to talk to freely, who knew more aboutnbikes than I do, and who really truly loves me. And me, being an idiot,nchased her away. Actually, I ran from her, and now there was no way to getnher back. Or was there? \"Andy, I need your help. I need her.\"[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: Me no own Andy's POV I figured as much. The look on his face proves it. Dean needs Andinas much as she needs him. All I want is for Andi to smile again, and Deannmakes her do that. Slowly but surely, an idea comes to my head. I glancenover at him and ask, \"You're having problems with Henderson Racing aren'tnyou?\" He looks stunned by the question, but then begins to understand,nslyly smiles and nods his head. \"Yeah. There's a conflict of interest. Why?\" \"Here's the deal. I may have an idea to get you another chance withnher. I have to check with a few people first, so I'll try and get it tonwork, but only on two conditions.\" He gets a knowing look on his face andnallows me to continue. \"First, if you get her, you can never hurt her thenway you have already. Think of it as baseball. With me, you have twonstrikes. You hurt her one more time, I will personally see to it that younnever get the chance to hurt anyone again.\" He nods vigorously, partlynwith excitement for Andi, partly out of fear for me. As it should be. Part of me couldn't help but wondering if I was doing the right thingnby helping Dean. I got over it quickly, realizing I was just thenmiddleman. The choice was ultimately up to Andi. Man, my hand isnthrobbing! Oh yeah, that reminds me. Yeah, we need some humor. \"Umm, Andy, what was the second condition?\" \"You got to get me back to the rig. I can't drive like this!\" Wenstared at each other for a minute, then just started cracking up. It wasnlong overdue. Andi's POV \"Mom, where's Andy? I wanted to talk to him.\" \"He went out for a ride hon. He should be back soon.\" Where can he be? I really needed to talk to him. He's always beennthere for me, and I need him right now. I mean, hello! Dean just left me.n He wouldn't even let me explain, he just walked away. I was so close tontears, but I couldn't cry; I just won the sponsorship. I'm supposed to benhappy, but all I wanted to do was climb into the back of the rig, curl intona ball, and cry. I wanted Andy to hug me and protect me like he alwaysnhas, so where is he!! I jumped to avoid a bike coming towards me andnscreamed at the rider, \"why don't you watch where you're going!\" Oh, how I wish I could take that back. The rider stopped and startednbacking up towards me. When I looked closer, I saw that there were twonriders on one bike and they were dragging another bike behind them. \"Oh my gosh, Andy, what did you do?\" \"Nothing Andrea. I lost my concentration, missed a jump, and triednto use my hand for a stop.\" So if that's what happened, when did the othernrider show up? Wait a sec, that's Dean's bike. Oh gosh, ok chill out. Inwaited for him to take off his helmet, and was shocked at the cuts on hisnface. \"I had an accident of my own.\" That was all he was going to offer.nWell, if he was going to give me the cold shoulder, then so was I. \"Thank you for bringing him back Dean. We appreciate it. If youncould just put the bike in the rig, and then you can leave.\" I walked overnto Andy, but my arm around him, and started leading him back to our rig.nThe look on Dean's face was priceless.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: Me no own nothing Andy's POV \"Andrea, splint your brother's hand for now. We'll have it checkednout when we get home.\" \"Yes mom.\" I heard the back of the rig open and looked upnmomentarily. I saw Andi climb into the rig, walk over, and lay down on thenfloor next to me. \"Why were you with Dean?\" Oh great; I should have figured that Andinwould be hostile towards anything involving Dean. I'm not stupid; I knownhow to handle my own sister. \"I told you Andi. I lost my train of thoughtnand fell. I would have gotten a ride back from Cartier; I just wanted tonget back. I'm really sorry it was Dean, but you could have been a littlenmore considerate\" Ok, I am stupid. Major Andrea blowout in 3, 2, 1… \"Me! Why should I be more considerate to him! He just completelynmade me look like an idiot, just by simply walking away. Granted, now henlooks like an idiot because I got the sponsorship, but still, he wouldn'tneven let me explain! He absolutely devastated me, and I couldn't do anthing about it. Oh, do not even try to defend him! Then to top it off henalmost runs over me! No, I do not have to be nice!\" That was impressive. Almost one minute straight without air. Shenlays back down gasping for breath, and I wonder if I'm doing the rightnthing by helping Dean. After a few minutes, she gets up, crawls over tonme, and lays down again putting her head in my lap. I looked down and sawnshe was shaking with tears. My heart broke, and I put my bad arm over hernshoulder and started stroking her hair with my good hand. If Dean wasngoing to hurt her just be being around, then I wasn't going to help him. Infelt her tugging at my bad hand, and when I glanced down, I saw she wasnsplinting it. When she was done, we stayed that way until we heard thendoors opening to the rig. Our parents and Jason climbed into the truck,nand you could here mom rambling off our agenda. \"First we have to get Andy to the hospital, then we have to go homenand unload, and then we have to go out and celebrate. Ohh, the housework!nHoney, we really should have had someone housesit while we were gone. Thenwork must be…\" She trailed off in her own little world, all the while dadnnodding his head and Jason shaking his. Yup, my mom has us trained. Inheard Andi giggling, and when I looked down again, I heard her say, \"Mom isndefinitely gonna con her way into this one.\" \"Yup, we're never leaving thenhouse empty again.\" I felt her sigh, slightly turn over and whisper, \"Inreally want to be with him.\" A moment of silence and she was asleep. Inkept stroking her hair and thinking, \"What do I do?\" She just said shenwants to be with him, so why do I feel bad about what I'm doing? Get anhold of yourself Andy. All you're doing is giving Dean one more chance.nThe choice is ultimately is up to Andi. I just don't want to see her hurt.n I know she can take care of herself, but it never hurts to have a littlenback up. However, the look on Dean's face was priceless, and Andi did thatnall on her own. Jason's POV I just know Andy is up to something, but no, don't tell Jason!nAlways give Jason \"The Look.\" That look should be manufactured and costnfor each use. Hello! I'm Andi's brother too. I was just as mad at Deannas Andy was, but I'm shorter so no one notices. Well, Andy will tell me ifnI really need to know. He's a pretty cool brother. Take the Cartiernsituation. \"I'd rather have someone who can reach the footbrake.\" Hellonjerk! I'm reaching, I'm touching, it's called bending down! Andy justnnodded and let Renee ramble on, but as soon as he left Andy tossed me thentoolkit and told me to get to work. We finished it up and walked inntogether, where Andy stepped in front of me and even told Renee I had donenhis bike. Andrea lost a cheerleading magazine because he ripped it tonshreds; he was so furious! She didn't mind though, and I bought her a newnone. The three of us stick together. I'm smarter than my parents,nprobably because I've been in soo many schemes with those two, so I knownAndy did something, and I'm willing to bet it had to do with Dean. Argh!nWhy can't I be older and taller, then I could have gone and beaten Dean upninstead of Andy. \"Knock Knock\" \"Come in!\" I turned and watched as a crippled Andy walked into my room.n\"Hey little bro, got a sec?\" Finally!! He's going to let me in on what'sngoing on. \"Uh huh. I'm just dismantling dad's cell phone. Why?\" \"Oh, yeah, Dad's going to really appreciate that.\" \"Well, he was complaining about more static.\" \"And I'm sure you had nothing to do with that.\" Darn it! How'd he know?nMan, I hope he's this understanding when he finds out about what I did tonhis stereo. I just had to know where the cds went after he closed thentray. \"No, never me, why would you ever think such a thing?\", I addninnocently. He just gave me \"The Look.\" \"Never mind. What'd you need?\"nHe shook his head back to reality and asked me, \"What do you think ofnDean?\" \"He's a jerk. Next question.\" \"Whoa, back up Jason. Why do you think he's a jerk?\" \"Andy, you hit your leg and hand, not your head. You saw what he did tonAndi.\" \"Jason, listen to me. I broke my hand because I hit Dean, but we finallyntalked. He needs her as much as she needs him. Anyway, the reason I'mnasking is because there may be a chance that Dean will ride with us.\" \"I'm not fixing his bike.\" \"Chill out Jason. Do you really want Andi moping around like this? Shenhas no spirit, no life! I can't stand seeing her like that. Even if itnmeans Dean rides with us, if it will make her happy, than it's worth it.nBesides, if he hurts her again, you can rig his bike to make sure hencrashes. Deal?\" I'm not thrilled, and he knows it, but he's right. \"Ok, but mom's neverngonna go for it.\" \"I think she will. I'm outta here; Andi gave me a cdnshe wanted me to listen to. Good night.\" \"Good night Andy.\" He walkednout of my room and I sat back on my bed considering the things he had said.n Wait a sec – CD, listen, Cd player, ohh man. \"Andy wait!\" \"Jason!\" Tonlate. Gulp. ","Summary":" Andy's POV It all worked out. Andi won! Team Carson got the sponsorship. Anpart of me wishes that I"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"You Love It","Author":"QueenAlicorn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12377460","Passage":"[Chapter 1] you love it Disclaimer: I do not own Storks. Chapter 1, She looked so beautiful with her red hair in the bright sunshine; looking down at that beautiful little baby. He smiled and placed a hand on her shoulder and admired at her skill to make the child squeal in delight. That darling child looked at me and smiled and I chuckled. Diamond Destiny was the first person or thing to make him think of something other then Corner Store or package delivery. And as for Tulip, well, if it wasn't for her, I would have never felt like I was part of a real family. I crossed my eyes and rolled my tongue and Diamond Destiny laughed. Tulip looked at me, and instead of running away like I use to, I licked her cheek. \"Gross.\" Tulip said as she laughed and Diamond Destiny laughed again. \"I told you that you loved it.\" Tulip said before laying her head against my chest. She did this in such a loving manner, and I kinda felt like her love and trust was flowing through my body. Tulip was warm and she smelled like apples and lime. The baby squealed and they both turned to her. Actually, they turned to him. The child was no longer Diamond Destiny. The baby had Tulip's blue eyes and my white hair. \"We still need to name him.\" Tulip said and I nodded. \"That's very true. Do you have any ideas?\" I said and Tulip walked away from the window and towards the rocking chair. \"Well, I figured that since I named the last baby, that you could name this baby.\" Tulip said thoughtfully. \"Although, I hope you do something unique since this baby is unique.\" Tulip said and as she turned towards me and I smiled when I saw the baby's bright red wings. She carefully sat down and tucked her hand gently behind the child's back and stopping at the area between his wings. \"So, I'm guessing that 'Angel' is out of the question?\" I jokingly asked and Tulip asked. \"Hopefully something better.\" She said and I shrugged. \"Maybe name him after me?\" I suggested. \"What? Junior Junior? That's kinda...\" She trailed off. \"I know, I know... Still...\" I said. \"Well, maybe we could look at the different names of red, or maybe different types of red birds?\" Tulip suggested and I thought about this. \"I can think of Crimson and Scarlet.\" I thought out loud. \"Scarlet would be perfect if he was a girl.\" Tulip said and I smiled. \"Then will save that name.\" I said and Tulip smiled back at him. \"Well for red birds, there's a... northern cardinal, scarlet tanager, rosella... of course I could be wrong.\" Tulip said and I laughed a little. My laugh made our son laugh and he flexed his wings and I smiled lovingly at him. \"You know now that I think about it, I actually like Crimson as a name. And I like Italian culture, and Caryn means The Beloved One. So what do you think about Caryn Crimson?\" I asked and Tulip's face lit up. \"I think that's perfect.\" She said blissfully and I - My alarm rang in my ears and I wanted to just fall back asleep and reenter my dream. I groaned and I opened my eyes at the stupid metal thing. I have been getting these dreams for a while now. How can a dream escalate so much? It started with delivering Diamond Destiny to her family, but then over time- I shook my head and I sat up. I didn't need these thoughts in my mind before I went to work and saw Tulip. Maybe I shouldn't have made her co-owner of Stork Mountain. Maybe I shouldn't have listened to her suggestion to have a nursery so that we can 'help the parents' by giving them a weird sort of starters pack. No one at Stork Mountain realized just how many letters were in that box, and after the Baby Boom, they got even more letters then they did before they stopped delivering babies. I looked at my room, as if it was some sort of hotel room. I received a small reward for my one millionth package, and that was on my bedside table. I stood up and walked into the closet and on the back of my door, I saw a picture of Diamond Destiny, and a couple of pictures of me and Tulip together. These pictures were familiar but right now they were heartbreaking. I looked into Tulip's blue eyes and wondered, just for a moment, if we could really could have a future together.[Chapter 2] you love it Disclaimer: I don't own the movie Storks Chapter 2, \"Junior, Junior!\" Tulip called and he bit his lip when he saw her running towards him. \"What's going on now?\" Junior asked staring at his clipboard. \"Don't be such a downer Junior.\" Tulip said with a giggle and Junior briefly glanced up at her then quickly back at his clipboard. \"Sorry, what did you need?\" He asked and Tulip smiled. \"Well, my brother, Jeremy, has a pregnant wife and they were talking about this thing called an ultrasound, and I was asking about it and it's basically this movie of the baby before it's born. I just thought that was the coolest thing ever, but then I realized that there wasn't something like an ultrasound for the babies we deliver at Stork Mountain. So I was thinking that we could make a video for the families. So we could open the letters and read them out loud and then put the letter in the machine and then they can watch the letter turn into an incredible human being.\" Tulip said with obvious excitement. Junior looked up at her and smiled. \"I like the idea, but how do you expect us to execute this video?\" He asked and Tulip shrugged. \"I was thinking one or two camera's and then we edit the film together to create the perfect video.\" Tulip said and Junior thought about this. \"Well, I think that's a fun idea. But wouldn't that slow down production?\" Junior asked and Tulip shrugged. \"Maybe, but those parents have their whole lives to get to know their child, shouldn't they at least see how they were created?\" Tulip said and Junior stared deep into her eyes. He saw her passion and knew that her suggestions came from a place of love. Of course, with that in mind, it always made it hard for him to say no to him. \"Well, maybe you could try doing a few videos, then if they do well then maybe we could sell that as part of our services.\" Junior suggested and Tulip smiled. \"Thanks Junior, You won't regret this.\" Tulip said and Junior turned back to the clipboard. \"Hey, Junior, are you alright?\" Tulip asked and Junior froze. \"What do you mean?\" He asked as if he didn't notice the words coming out of his mouth. \"Well, I didn't want to say anything, but I've noticed that lately you seem kinda... I don't know, distracted? Anyways, I wanted to know if everything was alright or if something was bothering you.\" Tulip said and Junior sighed. \"Tulip-\" \"Don't say your fine, because this isn't you being fine. I mean, you know that I'm here for you if you need to talk to me, but...\" She trailed off as if what she was saying was one of the most difficult things to say. \"Well... if there is a reason that you don't want to talk to me, then maybe you could talk to someone else. Maybe Jasper, or your parents, or... maybe, even... the new psychiatrist...\" Tulip said while stared at the ground. Junior felt as if he had suddenly became a statue. His mind was blank and yet it was rushing with fear as he tried to thing of something to say next. \"What up, Junior. Bra, where is the baby formula? The babies need the baby formula. Not that there is a lot of other formula, but they need the baby one.\" Pigeon Tony said and Junior immediately turned his back to Tulip and towards Pigeon Tony. \"Don't worry, Pigeon Tony, I will fly up and get one of the boxes for you.\" Junior said and he placed the clipboard face down on the table beside him and flew up. \"Wow, isn't he a cool boss, Tulip?\" Pigeon Tony asked. \"Yeah... he is...\" Tulip said and Pigeon Tony walked away. Tulip sighed, and she looked over at the clipboard that Junior was holding. She bit her lip and looked around, and seeing that no one was around, she picked up the clipboard and looked at it. The clipboard had a few profit charts, but underneath, it had several letters. Dear stork delivery service, My husband and I have been wanting a child for the longest time. Unfortunately my husband and I are sterile and we can't adopt because we are on the larger side with diabetes and adoption agencies don't have the faith that we will live long enough to raise the child to their eighteenth birthday. But we would still love to have a child. My husband works as the band director for our local high school, and I work at an advertising company. We would like a child that appreciates all forms of music, and is willing to play an instrument with their father. We would like a child that has straight black hair, clear green eyes, a kind heart and has a sensible mind. Someone who can read between the lines of what people say and what their actions say. Someone that won't violate others trust, and refuses to gossip, and will try to help people when they can. Please, help us have our own bundle of pure joy. Dear stork delivery service, My wife and I live an extraordinary life, and many people believe that we wouldn't be good parents because of it. My wife enjoys a sort of vampiric style, and I live in the world of steampunk. Our house, might need more things baby-proofed, but we both have large hearts. We want a child that is understanding of other's actions and opinions. As for the appearance of our child, we would prefer a girl, but if you bring us a boy, we will love him just as much. Regardless of gender, we would like a child that has a natural born 'sun touched' tan, grey hair, and dark purple eyes. We understand that this is an odd combination, but we did several of sketches and we both came up with this combination, and we think it's beautiful. It's perfect for a boy or a girl. Dear stork delivery service, Our Adult names are Henry and Sarah. We are Adult parents of an absolutely PERFECT son named Nate. He really deserves a baby brother! As Adults it is our Adult belief that it would be irresponsible if this baby did not have ninja skills Sincerely Adult parents Henry and Sarah Gardner, Adults . (Not Nate) p.s. He has to have ninja skills. Tulip rose an eyebrow when she saw the words 'ninja skills'. She instantly remembered Diamond Destiny and how she kept deflecting her bottle. Perhaps this was her letter and the baby machine saved the information. Why would Junior print these out? Is he simply saving these, or are these printing these out for a reason? Tulip wondered to herself. She looked up and saw Junior holding a heavy box on his back as he slowly flew to the far side of the mountain, where the baby center was. Her heart filled with worry and a little fear. Looking at the clipboard she sighed and pulled out her phone. She took a few pictures of the clipboard and then placed it back down on the table. I guess I could give him two days or so and then if he is still sulking around then I'll show these to the psychiatrist. It's probably not enough to prove he is sad, but perhaps it's enough to get her to talk to him.[Chapter 3] you love it Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Storks or it's characters. Chapter 3, Junior stood inside in his new office, staring out of the window. He saw Tulip talking to several different storks and she held a clipboard in her hands. He smiled when he realized that she was trying to recruit people to be cameramen. She really was a go-getter when it came to a cause that she believed in. Junior sighed and turned around, and that's when he saw Jasper standing in his doorway. \"Oh, hey there, Jasper.\" He said, embarrassed and Jasper smiled. Junior cleared his throat and walked over to his desk. \"Is there something that I can help you with today?\" Junior asked and Jasper nodded. \"I wanted to take a couple of days off, but I can't find the leave paperwork. I was told to tell you so that you can print out some more copies.\" Jasper said and Junior sat down and started going through his computer. \"Is that really my department?\" Junior asked, not noticing that Jasper walked over to the window. \"Well, normally we ask Tulip to do that sort of stuff, because she has been here so long, and now she's co-owner. But she wasn't in her office, so I guess today it is your department.\" Jasper said and Junior nodded. \"Ah, ok, well, Tulip is busy.\" Junior said. \"Heh, I see that. What is she doing?\" He asked and Junior glanced at him as he hesitated. \"Well, she is interested in creating a video for the babies's parents. She is looking for help.\" Junior said and Jasper smiled. \"Is that why you were over here?\" He asked and Junior tried to keep his movement steady. \"Why else would I be looking out that torturous device.\" Junior asked and Jasper laughed. \"I don't know, maybe because it's a nice day, or because your trying to come up with an idea for stork con, or maybe you like Tulip.\" Jasper said and Junior's head shot up above his computer and stared at him. \"Don't you think your jumping the gun a little?\" Junior asked and Jasper looked off to the side. \"Junior, do you know why I am taking a couple of days off?\" Jasper asked and Junior shook his head. \"Well, there is this very special lady that I care deeply for. I haven't talked to her in a long time because of the incident, but I still cared about her all this time. She has agreed to go on vacation with me, so that she can see me away from this place. I'm hoping that, maybe, just maybe, she can start to love me again. And I know that we have both changed, but I still love her. I use to look in the mirror and see this hopeless romantic, now I see a hopeful romantic. Plus, because I wasn't really allowed in the Corner Store warehouse, I tried to stay as close as I could so that I could deliver my baby. Which I realize is a little odd, but by doing this, I became a good reader of lip and facial expression. You deeply care for Tulip like I deeply care for my Barbie.\" Jasper said and Junior blinked. \"Barbie?\" Junior thought out loud. \"Yeah, why?\" Jasper asked and Junior smiled. \"Nothing. It's just that hearing the word Barbie reminds me of my mom. Her sisters use to call her Barbie, but she hates it.\" Junior said as he returned to his computer. \"Wow, cool. What's your mother's name?\" Jasper asked. \"Barbra.\" Junior said simply and Jasper nodded, getting trailed off in thought. \"You know, Tulip's 19th birthday is about a month away. Did you get her something?\" Jasper asked and Junior paused. He had completely forgot about Tulip's birthday. \"I have something in mind.\" Junior said and Jasper nodded. \"Say, when is your birthday again?\" Jasper asked and Junior paused. \"Uh... it's uh... drat, check the calendar.\" Junior said as he continued to look for the form. Jasper walked over the calendar and searched. Junior's birthday was in eight days, and he was going to turn 21. Jasper blinked at that number. \"You know I thought that you were older.\" Jasper said and Junior smiled. \"I found the form. And no, I have been here for several years. Corner Store was actually the first job I had, and I started around the time I was 15.\" Junior said and Jasper nodded. \"So basically one million packages in five years and one million babies in one day?\" Jasper asked and Junior laughed as he stood up and walked over to the printer. \"Yeah, something like that. Although, technically we weren't that close to one million babies, more like 3,578 babies, but yeah.\" Junior said and Jasper rolled his eyes. \"Ok, Junior. But still, do you like Tulip?\" Jasper asked and Junior laughed. \"Me, like Tulip, a sloppy human? Pff, no way, man, no way.\" Junior said and Jasper smiled. \"You know, the world isn't perfect. We deliver children to lots of mix-matched couples, most of which can't have there own children. Not to mention the fact that Tulip has spent her entire life around storks. She may not even like human boys.\" Jasper said and Junior looked down. \"Uh, here is your leave paperwork, I hope that you have a nice vacation.\" Junior said and Jasper took the paper. He started to leave but stopped at the doorway. \"Listen kid. I'm just saying that there are some people that you'll spend your whole life wondering if you could have worked out. Do you really want to wait 18 years, to see if there is a chance?\" Jasper said before closing the door behind him. Junior looked over at the window, then down at a picture Tulip's parents sent him of their family. It was some sort of picnic or barbecue, but Tulip was wearing a football jersey and had traditional black streaks on her cheeks. She looked so happy and Junior smiled softly. \"No, I don't want to wait for 18 years.\" Junior whispered. But then he thought about what Jasper said about her lack of human interaction. \"But, I am willing to wait for 18 years.\" He whispered again, and with that, he picked up the phone and dialed the employment office.[Chapter 4] you love it Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Storks or it's characters. Chapter 4, \"Yes, thank you.\" Junior said before hanging up the phone. Junior sighed and wondered if he had done the right thing. Junior needed to take his mind off of Tulip. He stood up and walked down to the delivery dock. A couple of the storks stared at him as he walked. Probably because he has been known to fly quickly and have the perfect landing, but he just wanted to walk. Being with Tulip when his wing was dislocated brought on this knew found respect with walking around. After all Tulip couldn't fly without some sort of device, and she was always happy. \"Hi, boss.\" A stork said when they passed him. He didn't even see who it was, but he couldn't help but smile. Most times he didn't even feel like he was boss, but he was. After all, after Hunter died, Junior just assumed that he was in charge. Hunter did want to put Junior in charge, but for all he knew, Hunter's bosses could have assigned a new leader. \"Hi, there Junior.\" Steve said and Junior smiled at him. \"Hey, I thought that it would be good for me to stretch my wings and help deliver. Anything available?\" Junior asked and Steve looked at his computer. \"Well, we have been a little behind because Adam called in sick; so I guess you can finish off the deliveries that he was scheduled for.\" Steve said and Junior smiled. \"Sounds great, how many are left?\" Junior asked and Steve looked at his list. \"Today he was scheduled for 8, but half of them were delivered. Here are the cards for the babies in the nursery, they will give you the homing beacon, and the small care-package for the new parents and you can be on your- oh, what am I doing? Explaining the baby delivering system to the guy that helped put it back together. I'm sorry Junior.\" Steve said and Junior smiled. \"Ah, don't worry about it, I don't come down here that much anymore and it's nice to know that someone knows this area as much as Tulip does.\" Junior said and Steve's smile was more out of relief then it was of happiness. \"Great, so uh, here are the cards.\" Steve said Junior took them from him and walked to the nursery. With the Corner Store website, Tulip had lots of space for the nursery. Stork mountain didn't have a real place to care for the children, so she discussed different ideas with her family. Now that Junior thought about it, her family was like a mini-company. He smiled at the thought of all of the whole family wearing suits. They could wear matching red suits. Suits made out of red silk or polyester, or something else. They would enter a room, no they would fly on jet packs into a room and be dressed from head to toe in red. Except for Louis who only wears pants when his parents force him to wear pants. And the board members would act just like Hunter and stare at the boy and ask 'why is he pant-less?' and Tulip or her cousin Jennifer would be all 'if he doesn't want to wear pants, then he doesn't have to wear pants.' and Tulip's sister would start chasing Louis with a pair of red pants, (most likely with a jam or mustard stain) trying to get her son to put them on. \"Hi, Junior.\" Van said and Junior gave him a small wave and handed him the cards. \"Hi, Van, how was your vacation?\" Junior asked and Van smiled. \"Oh, that cruise was fantastic. It was everything my wife had hoped for. 24-hour buffet, spa, yoga lessons on the deck, they even had a Limbo contest. She was so happy with it. And I loved visiting the island for fun and attending the cultural events, and seeing the sights, and hula dancing. My wife made me hula and it hurt my hips, I guess that's what happens when you get to be my age.\" Van said and Junior smiled. \"Ah that sounds great.\" Junior said and Van looked down at the cards. \"Ok, these children are ready to go, they are in the next room.\" Van said and together they walked over and saw Pigeon Tony vocalizing notes at a baby. Van blinked and froze, which confused Junior at first, but then he noticed why he was acting like that. The baby that Pigeon Tony was playing with was the only child in the room. \"Pigeon Tony.\" Junior said and Pigeon Tony instantly turned towards them. \"Oh, hey bra. Didn't see you there. I was just playing with the baby.\" He said, as if they couldn't see what he was doing. \"Well were are the other children?\" Van asked and Pigeon Tony pointed at the door. \"They got delivered.\" He said simply and Van sighed. \"It says that they are still here.\" Van said to both of them. \"Oh, yeah. I typed it all out on the computer, and I was about to send it when I saw that the baby needed changing. After the diaper was thrown out and stuff, It looked all sad and bored. So being the awesome guy I am, I started playing with it. And now here you are.\" Pigeon Tony said and Junior stared at him. But then he let out a small chuckle. \"Ah, that's fine. Input the information and I'll go ahead and get this little darling out. Uh... Is this a boy or a girl?\" Junior asked as he walked over to the care-package and Tony went over to the computer. \"It is a girl, bra.\" Pigeon Tony said and Junior nodded. \"You know I think I'll go ahead and use a blanket this time because it's lighter.\" Junior said. When Van heard this he grabbed and tossed Junior a backpack and then Junior tossed the care-package in the backpack. Pretty soon Junior was out of the door with the tiny princess and was on his way to Norman, Oklahoma. He enjoyed the lukewarm air as it heated his feathers. He looked down and stared at the child. She has a slight tan, green eyes, and pale blue hair. She was looking at all the different clouds and it looked as if she was trying to reach up and grab on. \"Wanna see somethin' little lady?\" Junior said through the blanket and she looked at him. When she did, Junior gently dipped down and flew straight thorough a cloud. In his experience, the closest thing to flying through a cloud, was that setting for a hose 'mist'. Except it had a little surface tension (and surface tension always reminded him of relaxed jello). She squealed feeling the cloud against her cheeks and Junior smiled deeply. The flight wasn't long, and it seemed even shorter since Junior kept flying into clouds to hear her giggle. When Junior finally reached the address of the House family Junior was sad to say goodbye and he was slightly afraid of the flash-future that came standard with every delivery. \"There's your home.\" Junior said and the child giggled. Together they flew down and when he landed Junior gently removed the clipboard and tucked it under his wing. He held the child in his arms and took a deep breath before he rang the doorbell. A woman came to the door and gasped when she saw Junior. The woman had a slight tan, pale blue hair and deep blue eyes. The child was playing with Junior's feathers, almost like she was trying to braid them, and the woman just stared at her. \"Hello madam. I have your bundle of joy from Stork Mountain.\" Junior said, as he began to hand her the child. When he did this, the child looked at it's mother, smiled, and cooed. The mother backed into her door frame and Junior froze. \"She has her father's eyes.\" The mother said with a whimper and then the mother started to cry. Junior hadn't experience a reaction this negative before. The mother turned around and the child babbled with disappointment. After about two minutes of awkwardly listening to the woman cry, she took a deep breath and glanced at Junior. \"My husband died in a car accident about three years ago. He was the best man in the world. You know he wrote the letter by himself, and he wanted the child to be a surprise for my birthday. I mean, not the delivery, but... he said that he was going to go out and by a cradle and give it to me for my birthday. He thought that it would be perfect because I was a 'Stork-Baby'. But then Stork Mountain closed down, and so he told me about the letter and everything. Doctors kept telling us that we couldn't get pregnant. Something about his low count and my lack of fertility.\" She said and from across the house they heard a young child call for their mother and the woman smiled. \"So you can imagine my surprise when I find out that, at his funeral, I learned that I wasn't sick and upset, but hormonal and upset. My son will be three in four months, and he looks so much like his father. He has my eyes though, which I was glad for. He was a child born out of two imperfect people in love. He is part of my husband, and the only part I really have anymore. Blood is thicker than water though.\" She said and then the woman turned around and faced Junior. \"With my job, it's hard enough to care for my son. And as much as my romantic side would love to love and raise this child as my own... well... I can't afford it. Plain and simple. I'm going to have to ask you to return the child to Stork Mountain.\" The woman said and Junior's jaw dropped. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. \"What... Return... Return... Mrs. House-\" \"That was my husband's name. That child doesn't have my last name, my eyes, or anything else that I contributed, and I can't accept her. Now, please leave before the neighbors see you.\" She said and then she slammed the door in his face. This loud and angry act made the child start crying. Junior started the jiggle and looked around to see if there were any eyewitnesses. She can't just return a baby, it's not a package. After all, it's not like there is a return policy in the contract, right? Although... we were a package company for 18 years and I don't remember changing the contracts when we started delivering babies again. Thinking this made Junior remember the clipboard under his wing. He pulled it out and carefully flipped through it. On the last page, he was shocked to see a return policy that was still in effect. Junior shook his head as he saw that he needed to get the woman's signature for the return before he flew back to Stork Mountain. So he begrudgingly knocked on the door again, and it whipped right open. The woman's face was red and she was glaring at him. \"What?\" She asked and Junior sighed. \"In order to return the child to Stork Mountain, I need your signature here. And then I will sign that I witnessed you do this and then... I'll be on my way.\" Junior said and the woman shook her head the entire time that this took place. After she slammed the door shut for the second time, Junior put on his headset and started to fly back to Stork Mountain. \"Hi, Jasper, this is Junior. I got a problem.\"[Chapter 5] you love it Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Storks or it's characters. Chapter 5, Junior wasn't sure what to do now. After all, the mountain had never received a lot of returns, but to Junior's understanding the products are either resold or discarded. But how on earth will it look if Junior took this precious child to the return office. He couldn't let the child rot there. He stood at the base at the mountain and was thumping his foot to try to figure out what to do. All he wanted to do was call Tulip but he couldn't face her until he at least had some sort of idea of what do to. He sighed and sat down on a nearby wooden bench. It was a little wet but he didn't care right then. He looked down at the child asleep in his arms and smiled. He wondered if Tulip looked this cute when Jasper tried to keep her. Then his eyes widened and he pulled out his phone. \"What was the big emergency?\" Jasper asked when he landed next to Junior. Junior had covered the child with his wing just in case someone saw him. He didn't want people asking lots of questions. \"I went to deliver a package and they want to return it.\" Junior said and at first Jasper blinked. \"A package? Why were you delivering a package when we stopped delivering packages?\" Jasper asked and Junior sighed and briefly exposed the child to Jasper. Jasper gawked at it before Junior covered the child up again. Junior thought that he felt her stir but it was just a muscle spasm. \"Someone returned a personalized and specially made child who was crafted for them? How dare they?\" Jasper said and Junior hushed him so that he wouldn't shout. \"Apparently her husband ordered her before we closed and he died a few years ago. She says that she can't keep her because she has her fathers eyes and it's too much for her to handle on her own.\" Junior explained and Jasper sat down on the bench. \"Well, even if that's the case we can't just return a child. Right?\" Jasper asked and Junior sighed. \"Apparently our contracts still have return policies from our Corner Store days. It's said, but it's true.\" Junior said and Jasper thought about this. \"Well, I guess that we could take her to an orphanage. Of course we didn't do that with Twyla, but at least she won't have it as difficult as Twyla did.\" Jasper said and Junior bit his lip. \"I... don't want to do that. I was actually kinda thinking that maybe I should keep her as my daughter.\" Junior admitted and Jasper stared at him. \"Your sure about that? You're still young and a child is a big responsibility. Besides, you may not even have enough room for her.\" Jasper cautioned him and Junior looked down at the angel and smiled. \"I can make it work. I know I can.\" Junior said and Jasper paused. \"Well, ok. I suppose that I can come over to your apartment tonight and check it out and see what can be done. Of course if it's a regular, shoe box, bachelor pad then you may want to this about moving.\" Jasper said and Junior was grateful. \"It's not stealing, right?\" Junior asked and Jasper thought about it. \"I'm not sure. I know that there are some airports, and people in the lost baggage claim can keep suitcases after a 90 day waiting period. I don't know if that's all airports, but it exists. And we are a company so we would keep the item, and since this item is a human being, it only makes sense to keep it away from those dangerous machines. If I am right, the product is ours until it is delivered to the recipient, so if they return it then the product is legally ours again. So the child belongs to Stork Mountain and being co-owner you can chose and decide to keep the product in safer locations, such as a vault. In this case you would be choosing your apartment, and after a waiting period of 90 days then she can legally be yours.\" Jasper said and Junior smiled. \"Wow, that makes a lot of sense.\" He said and Jasper nodded. \"Of course, being co-owner you can't really make any decisions about our return policies without talking to the other co-owner, so you do need to talk to Tulip. And I get the feeling this will be a bigger story than the whole 'me trying to keep baby Tulip' story, so you better be prepared for reporters. After all you don't want this to be seen as a scandal and have them take little... uh... does that little princess have a name?\" Jasper asked and Junior remembered the dream he had last night. \"Well, I could name her Scarlet.\" Junior said and Jasper smiled. \"That is a beautiful name, and kind of original since she has pale blue hair instead of red hair like Tulip's.\" Jasper said and then he blinked. \"You came up with that name pretty quickly.\" He noticed and Junior laughed nervously. \"Not really, I was out here for a long time, not to mention the flight back to Stork Mountain.\" Junior said and Jasper chuckled. \"Ok, fine, I'll bug you about it later.\" Jasper said and he leaned back. \"So when are you going to tell Tulip?\" Jasper asked Junior and Junior sighed. \"I was waiting until I had a plan, but now I have one. I guess the only thing left for me to do is fly up to my office and call her in. Oh, Jasper she will be devastated. She told me about the time you first tried to introduce her to her parents. Granted she ran off to save me and Diamond Destiny, but she told me that you were very sweet to her. You said 'There you're family and their going to love you' or something like that. Well this tiny thing got rejected by her own mother. How can she grow up handling something like that. Made out of the love and just... returned like a water-damaged phone.\" Junior said in disgust and Jasper gently patted him on the back. \"Listen, Junior. You want to raise her, and love her, and make her a part of your family. And I have no doubt in my mind that she won't ask questions, or hear things. But the thing is that if you love her and she loves you then the rest of that stuff is merely temporary. I mean after all, Tulip knew that she was orphaned and yet when you met her she was still a ray of sunshine. She has met her family and she hasn't changed, other then talking about them. But we all love her, some more then others.\" Jasper paused as he look at Junior blush through his feathers. \"Will you stop saying stuff like that.\" Junior said and Jasper rose his hands. \"It's a true statement, you're the one who made it sound like I was talking about you.\" Jasper said and Junior became annoyed. \"Well earlier today you did accuse me of having a crush on Tulip so forgive me if I thought that you were once again doing that.\" He said and the baby murmured but stayed asleep. \"Well if you can honestly look me in the eye and tell me that you don't dream of having a future with Tulip then I'll stop making accusations.\" Jasper said and Junior looked at him. \"Ok, fine... I don't... don't... need to sink down to your level.\" Junior said looking away and Jasper chuckled a little. \"All I'm saying is that maybe she wants the same thing you do. After all you are her closest friend, and she has spent her whole life here around storks so it's not like they would scare her.\" Jasper said and Junior sighed. \"Tulip should fall in love with a regular human and have her own children. She deserves to have her crazy family in the waiting room while they wait for the nurse to tell them if she had a boy or a girl. She should get married without the worry that some stupid reporter will accuse her of bestiality. She deserves a normal life because she had such a bad childhood.\" Junior said and Jasper's eyes softened. \"I'm sure she didn't have a bad childhood.\" Jasper said and Junior glanced at him. \"A human spending a lifetime away from humans. People in those situations are considered freaks in the human world. I think Tulip is only so civil because the storks are around humans so frequently. But...\" Junior trailed off and Jasper thought for a moment. \"Perhaps it would be good for you to talk to Tulip's old caregiver. I believe her name was Vivian. I remember that they let her raise Tulip because she had some sort of psychology degree or training. I think Hunter kept her on as the company therapist.\" Jasper asked and Junior blinked. He remembered something about Tulip wanting him to have someone to talk to. Maybe that's why she suggested the therapist. Not because she thought Junior was crazy, but because she trusted this Vivian woman. \"I'll think about it. But, I guess, now it's time for me to fly up and face Tulip.\" Junior said.[Chapter 6] you love it Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Storks or it's characters Chapter 6, \"I can not believe that this is happening.\" Tulip said and Junior nodded. \"I know, but she signed the form and everything. What can we do?\" Junior said and Tulip groaned. \"I don't know. I mean, I guess she does have the right to... orphan her child.\" Tulip said and Junior rocked the child in the cradle he brought up to his office. \"I never thought that I would see this day. Not after we had you for so long.\" Junior said and Tulip looked out his window. \"You know... growing up here wasn't the easiest thing in the world. When I was younger, I actually believed that I was a bird who simply didn't have feathers. I kept examining my body to see if one had sprouted, but never any luck. When I got older, the only thing that helped is the fact that I had a family out there who wanted me. But...\" She paused to turn and look at Junior. \"What are we suppose to tell her. After all, if we do tell her that she has a family out there, then she will be shattered when she learns the truth. And she will here the truth. It won't be long until the reporters find out about her, like they found out about me. She will eventually find the stories they wrote, and... And then she will be so disappointed.\" Tulip said and Junior sighed. \"Well, perhaps-\" \"And what if this happens again?\" Tulip asked and Junior blinked. \"Well, I highly doubt-\" \"If this happened once, then it very well can happen again. That's exactly why Hunter stopped delivering babies, because he didn't want a stork to go crazy and keep a kid. When word gets out that we can a rejected baby, then who is to say that parents can't return their kid if it... if... I don't know, if it cries to much, or something. Things could get really bad.\" Tulip said and Junior walked over to her. \"Tulip...\" He said and Tulip looked at him with glossy eyes. \"No matter what, we are in this together. Stork Mountain looks to us for leadership and guidance. And your right, with this incident, they may be looking to us more then ever, but we need to stay strong.\" Junior said and Tulip sniffled. \"Ok, so...\" Tulip walked over to the cradle. \"What about her?\" Tulip asked and Junior took a deep breath. \"I was thinking... that... I could adopt her.\" Junior said and Tulip tensed up a little, but she didn't look at him. \"Would you be ready for something like that?\" Tulip asked and Junior shrugged. \"Maybe not ready, but when I look at her in the eyes, it makes it difficult for me to let her go. I want to be her family.\" Junior admitted and Tulip tilted her head towards him. \"Can you just keep her?\" Tulip said and Junior hesitated. \"I talked to Jasper about it. Since this woman is treating her child like a package, then perhaps we should take the same measures.\" Junior said and Tulip whipped around to glare at him. \"Treat Her Like A Pack-\" \"Calm down.\" Junior quickly interrupted her so that people wouldn't be snooping by the door to see why people were yelling. \"Fine, continue.\" Tulip reluctantly said and Junior sighed in relief. \"What I mean by that, is that the child will technically be property to Stork Mountain for 90 days, and then she can be legally mine. I'll have to create some paperwork for all this tomorrow, but tonight I was going to take her home so that she wouldn't get in the way. We don't have the same space without the Corner Store warehouse, so my apartment is probably the best place for her.\" Junior said and Tulip paused. \"Well... I guess that makes sense. But, isn't your apartment-\" \"Small? Yes, it is, but I'll start looking for better places soon.\" Junior said and Tulip thought about how Junior use to be with Diamond Destiny. \"I just had an idea.\" Tulip said and Junior walked over and looked in the cradle. \"What's that?\" Junior asked and Tulip blushed a little. \"Well, if you really want to get a nice place for the child, then maybe we could be roommates. You know, buy a nicer place and split the rent.\" Tulip said and Junior stared at her. \"I... I think...\" Junior said as he tried to find the best words for how he was feeling. \"I would love that.\" He finally said with a smile, and she smiled back at him. \"Great.\" Tulip said as the child stirred and started to cry. Junior reached in and picked up his future daughter and held her close. \"Shh, Shh, It's ok.\" Junior said in a soothing tone and Tulip smiled again. \"So, what did you name her?\" Tulip asked and Junior smiled. \"Scarlet.\" Junior said and Tulip stared at the child. \"Scarlet... Scarlet... Yep, that's her name.\" Tulip said and Junior chuckled a little. \"Thanks. It just came to me... As if it was from a dream.\" Junior said as he remembered his dream about Tulip being his wife with their angelic child. \"Well, wherever it came from, I'm glad.\" Tulip said and Junior felt his heart smile. Her current approval made his dream seem almost real. Granted, it was not the same, but it was one step closer.[Chapter 7] you love it Disclaimer: I don't own the movie Storks or it's characters. Chapter 7, \"Junior, open up.\" Tulip said and Junior froze. He was warming up a bottle of formula for Scarlet, and he had no idea that Tulip remembered where he lived. After all, she hadn't been over to see his place since he brought home his trophy for millionth package delivered. \"Uh, just a minute.\" Junior said and he set Scarlet down on the ground with a few toys that he borrowed from work. \"Hey, Tulip. It's Tulip, at the place where I live and eat and sleep in my bed. What are you doing here? And... Why are you holding a sleeping bag?\" Junior said, suddenly very nervous. \"Well, I wanted to see the baby, and I figured that I should sleep over and help you get through the night.\" Tulip said walking into his apartment, and Junior repeated the words 'your ok' in his mind to remain calm. \"Well, there isn't much room, Tulip. Where would you sleep?\" Junior asked and Tulip laughed. \"Uh, on the floor, boy.\" Tulip said, smiling as she tilted her head back to see him. Suddenly there was something about that expression that almost made the world move in slow motion. The light from the kitchen illuminated her face in a bright, romantic way; Tulip's smile was perfectly crooked with all of her to teeth and a thin line of her bottom teeth; Her lips and her eyes both shined with hope and love, that Junior just found himself staring. Her lips moved in such a seductive way and during his slightly hazy state, he literally missed the fact that she was speaking, and that she was talking to him. \"What is with you?\" Tulip said annoyed and Junior's eyes blinked as they widened, lifting him out of his odd fantasy. \"I'm sorry, I guess it's been an emotional day.\" Junior said and Tulip sighed. \"Well, you can't space out like that when you are suppose to be taking care of a precious little angel.\" Tulip said, lifting the child and for a split second, Junior could have sworn that he saw a pair of wings in Scarlet's back. \"Uh, angel?\" He whispered, mostly to himself. There was a good chance that he will have the dream where Tulip is his wife caring for their son, but the scene before him may make the dream a little more believable and therefore torturous. \"Junior, the formula.\" Tulip said as if she had repeated herself three times already, which she may have done when he was staring at her. \"Right, thanks.\" Junior said and Tulip sighed as she watched him in the kitchen. Tulip really was worried for Junior, he had been slowly declining for a while and now he wants to be a father. Children will always be a blessing, but Junior seems to be rushing into this situation. Tulip sat on the couch with Scarlet and thought about her younger days, when she met Junior for the first time. Granted, he was always in a different day care group because he was two years older, and a stork, and she was mostly in a group by herself. But during nap time, when her provider fell asleep, she often waddled over to the glass part of the door and watch the storks play. Junior wasn't always the best when it came to playing basketball or tag, but she loved watching Junior draw. He had the best pictures hanging inside the art room. Tulip even managed to sneak away a few times and snag one of his drawings that was about to be taken down. But Junior never noticed because they moved so quickly with his art classes. Tulip looked around Junior's apartment and wondered why she didn't see any sort of drawings or sketches or paintings. She didn't even see any colorful art supplies, unless he stuck to black, blue, red, and white pictures. \"I was about to feed the baby, but I could make or order something if you are hungry.\" Junior said and Tulip smiled. \"Maybe, but I want to know where you're going to have Scarlet sleep.\" Tulip said and Junior shrugged. \"Well, I thought that she could sleep with me. After all, people were nice enough to let me borrow some toys without asking questions, but a whole baby bed could potentially leak this news to the press before we are ready to confront them.\" Junior said and Tulip rolled her eyes. \"You know, I don't know if that's the best bed for her, after all, she could wake up and try to crawl out of bed and she could seriously get worse.\" Tulip said and Junior bit his lip. \"You're right, I didn't think about that.\" Junior said and Tulip looked around. \"Is that a playpen?\" She asked and Junior blinked as he followed her gaze. \"Oh, yeah, so she can play without getting into other stuff.\" Junior said and Tulip continued to stare at it. \"Well, it's probably the safest thing for a bed right now. I can remove the toys when she need to be asleep and sleep on the floor next to the playpen when she nods off.\" Tulip said and Junior pursed his lips. \"But I want her to sleep with me.\" Junior muttered and Tulip shrugged. \"Well then we will all sleep under your roof, in your room. Scarlet and I can sleep on the floor and you can sleep on your bed.\" Tulip smiled and Junior thought about this. \"I should offer you my bed tonight, and I could sleep on the floor instead.\" Junior said and Tulip waved him off. \"Please, forget that. Part of having a sleepover is to have sleeping bags on the ground and actually sleeping in them. Well, despite regular middle school girls who play the 'let's be the last person to fall asleep' game, but that's why they are called sleeping bags.\" Tulip said and Junior couldn't shake the uneasy feeling coming across his face and chest. \"Well, whatever is good for you, it's good for me.\" Junior said and Tulip giggled as she stood up and placed Scarlet in her playpen. \"I'm glad you think so.\" She said in a cute, slightly teasing way, that made Junior smile.[Chapter 8] you love it Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Storks or it's characters. Chapter 8, \"Whose a good baby? You are, you are. Oh, a nice tubby baby too; yes you are, yes you are?\" Tulip said as the door rang. Junior stood up and answered the door and Tulip watched him leave, and smiled. She had always enjoyed the professional way he carried himself. This mannerism was very humorous to her when he was at social gatherings. \"Ok, pizza time.\" Junior said with a smile as he placed the pizza on the table as if it were a package. Tulip smiled at the thought of Junior delivering pizza's as if they were pieces of gold sent by god. \"Why are you smiling?\" Junior asked and Tulip waved her hand. \"Nothing, I'm starved. And I guess we have good timing because the baby was just getting tired of me playing with her.\" Tulip said and Junior looked at Scarlet. She was sitting up, against the playpen and holding a stuffed bunny; the way she did this reminded Junior of a diamond merchant and he smiled. \"Well, ok.\" Junior said, opening the box of pepperoni pizza. Tulip's mouth started to drool the second the smell hit her, but she knew that she couldn't act like a little piggy. She carefully picked up a slice of pizza, dipped it with a napkin, and started to take small bites. Junior then sat next to her, handing her a paper plate and then started on a slice of his own. \"So, what do you do around here when you're by yourself?\" Tulip asked and Junior shrugged. \"Oh, lots of little things. I play games, read, watch TV, listen to music, random stuff like that.\" Junior said and Tulip nodded. \"Well, do you do those things with other people or by yourself?\" Tulip asked and Junior stared at his pizza. \"Mostly by myself, but now I have Scarlet, so I can do some stuff with her.\" Junior said and Tulip smiled. \"My nephew loves going to the park. This time of year, there are lots of butterflies for him to stare at.\" Tulip said and Junior smiled at her. \"That's sweet, I bet Scarlet would love it.\" Junior said and Tulip giggled. \"She totally would. Once a butterfly landed right on John's face and flapped it's wings a few times. It was just like that scene in Tarzan.\" Tulip said and Junior chuckled. \"I bet. Can you imagine when Scarlet gets older and starts playing at the park?\" Junior says and Tulip smiled. \"Yeah, I bet that she'll-\" They kept talking like this long after Scarlet had dosed off, but once they noticed Tulip took her picture with her phone. The two said good night and went to their respective sleeping areas. \"Oh, Junior isn't this the most beautiful sunset you have ever seen?\" Tulip asked and Junior nodded. \"Do you know what I feel like doing right about now?\" Junior asked and Tulip looked at him. \"What's that?\" she asked and he reached out, grabbed her hand and pulled her close to him. \"I think we should dance.\" Junior said and with a sudden twirl, they were no longer standing in the park, but dancing in a ballroom. Junior was wearing a silky dark blue suit, that made him look as daring as Zorro. Tulip was wearing a floor-length green dress with a blue sash around her waist that matched Junior's suit. She had her hair down and straightened, the length going down to the middle of her back. And even though she had bright red lip gloss on, which was so shiny he could see his reflection, he couldn't stop staring at her eyes. Tulip had put on baby blue eye-shadow and some kind of sparkle mascara that just made her green eyes pop. Junior wrapped an arm tightly around her waist and held her hand gently. Tulip had never felt so loved and protected before, and she placed her head lovingly on Junior's shoulder. They danced and swayed and repeated the motions and when Tulip rise her head to tell him how good of a dancer he was, Junior kissed her before she could start speaking. The kiss was sweet, innocent, and shy. Both of them seemed to want this, and yet scared if the thought to act it out. When they parted Junior saw a wild blush on Tulip's face, and couldn't help but feel like he mirrored her expression. \"I guess we feel the same way.\" Tulip finally said, breaking the silence. \"We must. You love me and I love you.\" Junior said and Tulip smiled as her eyes filled with happiness. \"Can you imagine the time we could have spent together if we hadn't acted like such knuckleheads?\" Tulip asked and Junior shrugged. \"I don't know if I would change this. Dancing with a beautiful woman who makes my heart go crazy, a romantic setting, and the knowledge that we love each other? Why it's basically a dream come true.\" Junior said, and his voice echoed throughout the ballroom. \"A dream come true, a dream come true, a dream come true.\" Junior dipped Tulip suddenly the ballroom melted away. Tulip woke up sad and annoyed. She loved dreaming, but the interrupted situations were too much for her heart to take. She sat up and hugged her knees, not caring about how cold she was getting. If Junior is so worried about a rejected baby, then how would he react to finding out that I have had a crush on him since grade school? Tulip thought and she reaches down and pulled a folded piece of paper out of her pocket. The paper was worn and the edges were starting to fray, but she opened it up anyways. It was a painting of a sunset, the same one from her dream, and in the corner it read: Made by Junior, age 10, Dec 18. Tulip smiled at these familiar words. Sure she still had some of Junior's other pieces of art at home, but this one was the last one she took. Apparently after Christmas, Hunter got rid of art classes for the older kids so they can learn about package delivery. And now, looking around Junior's apartment, Tulip realized that this could have been the last thing that Junior had painted. How sad it would be if Junior's creativity was stifled by such a cruel man and- the baby is awake. Tulip blinked when she looked over at the baby pin and saw Scarlet staring at her. \"Huh, I guess you're not much of a crier? That must have been something your daddy added.\" Tulip said and the baby babbled. Tulip reached in and picked up the child, Scarlet squealed a little at this action but that only made Tulip smile. \"You know, you are such a good baby and you're so lucky to have a daddy like Junior. I just hope... (Sigh)... I hope your future mother knows how lucky she is.\" ","Summary":" you love it Disclaimer: I do not own Storks. Chapter 1, She looked so beautiful with her red hair i"},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"Triple Life","Author":"Monsterchild","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2913751","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Triple Life Disclaimer: I don'tnown Motocrossed. Chapter 1: Race for thenfinish \"Bet you two can'tnbeat me at a race,\" Andrea challenged her twin and her boyfriend asnthey sat watching T.V. Dean and Andy looked atneach other before looking back at her. \"You wish,\" Andy said. \"I created you, I canndestroy you,\" Dean replied. Andrea smirked andnjumped up from the couch and ran out to the garage with the twonothers on her heels. The three of them pulled on their racingnclothes and helmets before climbing onto their bikes. \"Alright,\" Andreanstarted, \"ten laps. Losers have to do the dishes tonight afterndinner.\" \"Deal,\" the boysnagreed. Jason came into thengarage. \"Yes!\" He shouted. \"Another race! Carson vs. Carsonnvs. Talon! It will be neck and neck and neck!\" \"Jason!\" The threenteenagers snapped. Jason rolled his eyes. n\"I know, I know, don't tell Mom and Dad.\" \"You got that right,\"nAndy replied. Jason went back intonthe house as if he hadn't seen anything. Andrea hit the gas onnher bike and drove to the starting line. She waited for the otherntwo to get into their positions. \"On our marks, get set, go!\" nThe three of them hit the gas and started around the circular track. Andrea looked over hernshoulder at Dean who was coming up fast. Andy was already ahead ofnher. She wasn't going to be stuck with dish duty while one of thenboys got to relax. She was going to win. Going around a curve,nshe pulled in front of Andrew, taking the lead. \"Oh yeah! Whatnnow?\" She yelled in triumph. As she finished hernturn, she heard a huge crash from behind her. Skidding to a stop,nshe turned off her bike and looked back to see Dean and Andrewnentangled in a pile with their bikes. \"Dean! Andrew!\" Shenscreeched at the top of her lungs. She ran over to them and yelledntowards the house, \"Jason! Get Mom and Dad!\" AN: So really shortnchapter but they will get longer. I just needed to get the suspensenstarted. Anyways, please R&R;![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don'tnown Motocrossed. Chapter 2: This is bad. Andi paced back andnforth in the hospital waiting room while Jason sat watching her. \"So how mad do younthink Dad will be this time?\" Jason asked. She stopped pacing andnstared at her little brother. \"Do you remember how mad he was lastntime?\" \"Of course…\" \"Multiply that by anmillion.\" \"No doubt.\" She sat down next tonhim. \"I never learn do I?\" \"What do you mean?\" \"Last time I racednwith Andrew without Mom and Dad knowing, he broke his leg. And now,nI have done it again. I never learn.\" \"Andi, look whatnhappened last time.\" \"The fact that Inimpersonated my twin brother and raced. What about it?\" \"But look what goodncame of it.\" \"Like what?\" \"You won thencompetition and that gave us a sponsorship. Not to mention younopened the door to let girls race.\" \"I guess it turnednout okay.\" \"You guess? Getnreal, Andi.\" \"Okay, okay… Inchanged race history, didn't I?\" \"You got that right,nSis.\" \"You are one awesomenlittle brother, you know that?\" \"Tell me something Indon't know.\" At that moment, theirnfather came out. Andi stood quickly. n\"Are they okay?\" \"Andrea! How manyntimes do I have to tell you no racing without proper supervision?\"nHe screamed at her, ruining all the confidence Jason had just builtnup. \"Look, I'm sorry, Indidn't mean it to happen like this.\" \"Don't you evernlearn a lesson?\" \"Just tell me what isnwrong!\" \"Andrew is in a coma,nnot to mention his old injury flared up. Dean on the other hand hasna broken leg and a concussion.\" \"Oh my god. IsnAndrew going to come out of the coma?\" \"The doctors say thatnhe should come out of it in a few weeks.\" \"And Dean?\" \"He won't be ablento race for at least six weeks.\" \"No! We have ancompetition starting next week! How can we compete with two of ournracers unable to race?\" \"Well, Andi younshould've thought about that before!\" \"How many times do Inhave to say that I'm sorry? It just got out of control!\" \"Well, sorry doesn'tnhelp get Dean and your brother ready and able to race, now doesn't?\" \"Dad, I screwed up! nEveryone screws up!\" \"Yes, Andrea,neveryone screws up. But you're abusing the privilege.\" Henturned around and headed back towards the rooms. AN: Wow, harsh.nAnyways, please review![Chapter 3] Disclaimer: Don'tnown! Chapter 3: You have tonhave a plan Andrea slouched angrilynon the couch with her arms crossed her chest. Dean sat in a chairnacross the room. Jason sat next to Andrea, watching as their fatherngot everything he needed. \"Alright, so I'llnbe back in about two weeks,\" he said. He looked to his daughter. n\"And Andrea… No racing.\" \"Yes, Sir,\" shenmuttered. He kissed his wifengoodbye and left. Their mother turned tonthem. \"Okay, Andrea, what's the plan?\" She asked. \"What plan?\" Andreanreplied, still slouching. Her mother furrowed hernbrow at her. \"You don't have a plan? You're telling me thatnyou, the one who always is prepared, doesn't have a plan? Inthought you would've had a plan the second that you knew they werenunable to race.\" \"Nope, actually Indon't have a plan what-so-ever.\" \"Don't you want tonrace?\" \"Of course I do.\" \"Don't you wantnCarson Racing to win another competition?\" \"Of course.\" \"Then you have tonhave a plan.\" \"But you heard whatnDad said.\" \"Who cares about whatnyour father said? It's not like you've ever listened him before,nwhy start now?\" \"I don't know…\" Jason decided it wasntime that he spoke up. \"Think about it, Andi.\" \"What's there tonthink about?\" She replied. \"You could pretend tonbe Andrew again. And Dean!\" \"But I have to benAndrea too.\" \"So you can be allnthree.\" \"I can't be threenplaces at once.\" \"Just make sure thatnyou never have to race as Andrew and Andrea at the same time.\" \"Mom, Jason, this isnjust insane!\" \"They're right,nAndi,\" Dean spoke up. \"Not you too.\" \"I'm serious, ifnanyone can do this it would be you.\" \"You guys have lostnyour minds!\" \"Andrea,\" Deannsaid. \"You can do this.\" \"I really don'tnknow…\" \"Sweetie, you can donthis. I know you can,\" her mom added. \"C'mon, Sis, don'tnlet down your brother and team.\" She sat there, staringnat her family and boyfriend. \"I really don't know how I'mngoing to pull this off.\" \"You can use mynracing uniform when you're pretending to be me,\" Dean offered. \"And I'm sure thatnAndrew wouldn't mind you using his for when you're him,\" Jasonnadded. \"And of course, I'llncome with you to the track,\" their mom said. Andrea sighed. \"Fine,nI'll do it.\" AN: Yay! Anyways,nplease R&R;![Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I don'tnown Motocrossed. Chapter 4: First race,nwhat place? Andi sauntered up tonthe registration desk. Her recently cut hair was spiked and her eyesnwere hidden behind a pair of dark sunglasses. She was wearing one ofn Andrew's hoodies and a pair of baggy jeans. She handed thenclipboard to the guy at the front desk. \"Andy Carson, 125, pro,\"nshe said in a husky voice. \"Okay, good luck,\"nhe said. Andrea went over to hernmother who helped her into the back of the truck. \"So who am Ingoing to be next?\" She asked pulling off the hoodie. \"Let's stick to thenboys,\" her mother replied. \"Be Dean.\" She kicked off hernjeans and took another pair offered by her mother. She pulled thosenon and pulled on one of Dean's hoddies. Her mother handed her anspiked, brunette wig and she pulled it over her short blonde hair. nShe put on another pair of sunglasses and headed out of the truck. She once again walkednup to the guy at the registration desk and handed him anothernclipboard. \"Dean Talon, 250, pro,\" she said in another deepnvoice. \"Good luck,\" henreplied. She walked back to thentruck and climbed into the back. \"Okay, the only one left isnAndrea,\" she said to her mom. \"Hun, you arenAndrea,\" she replied. She thought for anmoment. \"Really? Cause sometimes I don't feel like it.\" Her mom handed her anskirt and said, \"But you are. Get used to it.\" Andi took the skirtnfrom her mom. \"It's hard to do that when I'm being two othernpeople.\" She pulled off the hoodie, kicked off her jeans, andnstepped into her short denim skirt. She pulled a tanktop over hernhead and slipped into a pair of knee-high boots. She pulled off thensunglasses and tossed them to her mom. She put a long, blonde wig onnand left the truck. She sashayed up to thenguy at the registration desk and handed him a third clipboard. n\"Andrea Carson, 125, pro,\" she said to him in her normal voice. \"Oh wow,\" he said,nshocked. \"You're that girl. The one that impersonated hernbrother to race. You're a legend.\" \"Thanks, I think.\" \"No, you rock.\" \"Thanks.\" \"Well, good luck. nThese guys are monsters. They'll eat you alive.\" \"I think I can handlenmyself.\" She turned back around went back to the truck. \"Thenfirst heat is in 10 minutes,\" she told her mother. \"One twenty-five orntwo fifty?\" Her mom replied. \"Two fifty. Gonfigure.\" Her mom handed hernDean's racing clothes. She changed into the clothes and grabbednhis helmet, shoving it over her head. With her mom's help, shenpushed his bike off the truck and down to the starting line. She stradled the bikenand turned it on, revving the engine. She waited impaitently for thensignal. But it soon occurred to her, she wasn't used to Dean'snbike. She had been on Andrew's but never Dean's. Not to mentionnhe was in a totally different class. The signal fired andnthe racers were off. Andi got a late start, starting last. Shentried to maneuver Dean's bike but she was having no luck. She spunnout on the first turn, securing Dean's last place. She pushed her bikenback to the truck and she slumped down onto the back. \"You tried your best,nhoney,\" her mom assured her, sitting down. \"But my best wasn'tngood enough,\" she whined. \"Dean taught me all he knew and Inthank him by sending him to last place? That's great.\" \"You just need to getnused to his bike, and once you do, you will get him moved back intonhis high spot in the standings.\" \"This sucks.\" \"We'll go back homenthis weekend and Dean can help you on his bike.\" \"He has a brokennleg.\" \"So he'll yell atnyou from the side lines.\" She smiled at her daughter. \"Fine, we'll donit,\" Andi agreed. AN: Sorry it took sonlong to update but I became obsessed with a few of my other fics andnI just had to work on them. Not to mention I had writer's block onnthis story and my laptop was screwed up beyond belief. Anyways,nenough ranting, please R&R;![Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I don'tnown Motocrossed. Chapter 5: TrainingnSession \"You have to give itnmore gas around the turn!\" Dean called over the roar of the bike. Andrea pulled the bikenup in front of him, turned off the engine and pulled off her helmet. n\"What?\" she asked annoyed. \"You have to give itnmore gas around the turns,\" he instructed. She let out a groan asnshe dismounted the bike. \"I just can't do this…\" She rollednthe bike back toward the garage. Dean followed her asnfast as he could on his crutches. \"You just need to practice somenmore.\" She parked the bike andntossed her helmet aside. \"It's just so frustrating. It's hardnenough leading one life, but three?\" He sighed. \"Okay,ncome here.\" She walked over to himnand he wrapped his arms around her. \"Everything will be okay,\"nhe said. \"You just need more practice.\" \"But the next 250nrace is tomorrow!\" she whined. He ran a hand throughnher hair. \"How about we take a break, watch a movie, then get backnto practicing?\" he suggested. She smiled up at him. n\"That sounds good.\" AN: Okay, shortnchapter, I know. But at least I updated. The next chapter will benlonger, I promise. I'm just busy and trying to get as many newnchapters of all my fanfics up as fast as possible. Anyways, pleasenR&R;![Chapter 6] AN:nI have to say that this started out seeming like a good plot. Andnmaybe it is, I'm not so sure anymore. But I am having difficultynwriting this story. It just isn't forming the way I want it to. nSo, I'm discontinuing this piece. I'm sorry to those who trulynenjoyed it, but I just can't continue it. ","Summary":" Triple Life Disclaimer: I don'tnown Motocrossed. Chapter 1: Race for thenfinish \"Bet you two can't"},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"The Girl Next Door","Author":"hotchick","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/718856","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SomethingnDifferent Disclaimer:I dont own Mottorcrossed even thougth I wish I own Andy andnDean.LOL~Newayz~I hope you enjoy my story its my first on ff.Thank you tonall my future reviewers. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~n~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ \"Andy\"Mrs.Carson called from the back.Where her and Jason hernyoungest son were talking. \"Ya mom\"Andy replied as he gazed at the TV lookingnthe interview were Andi had annoced to everyone that she was a girl and shenwas filling in for her brother after he had hurt his leg.A grin came tonAndy's face his sister had always been there for him he was glad that shenwas there,but also glad becuase Andi still got the sponcership even afternthey found out her secret. \"Andy\"Mrs.Carson called agian her voice louder thennbefore.\"Come out here and meet are new neighbors. \"Ok\"henreplied \"Hold on a sec.'Oh great' he thought 'probally some old farts thatnwill always want me to cut there lawn I'll have to say yes or I'll getngrouned and they'll pay me a dime and tell me not to spend it all in onenplace.'He said to himself as he walked towards the back yard.Andi tiptoednbehind him.n Then with a loudnyell said\"Were you going\".Andy who was caught off guard jumped grabbing hisnheart.He turned around to see it was his sister. \"God Andi give me a heart attack\" He said with a joking,angrynvoice.Looking straight at her since they were twins it was eye-to-eye. She looked at him gave him a hug and said \"I would never do thatnto my favorite bother.But then agian maybe I would.\"Andi said giggling.\"Nonbut what are you doing.\"n \"Oh I'm going out back to see the new neighbors proballynsome old farts.\"He said thinking back to his earlier conversation withnhimself. \"Really sounds like fun I'll come with you\".Andi said grabbingnher brothers arm and dragging him to the backyard.He almost fell forwardnfrom the quick pull of his arm.As they reached the back yard Andi let out ansudden low screach.That only her brother and herself could here therenstanding on her backporch looking more handsome then he ever had wasnDean.He looked at Andi and smiled as he said \"Hi\".\"Hi\"Andi said back tryingnto keep her cool as her knees started to buckle.\"Are you moving in next-ndoor.\"No\"Dean said\"My cousins are thougth.Tiffany shes are age and Briannhes a year younger then Jason\".\"Oh\"Andi said trying to hide herndissapointment. \"Were are they\"Andy said wondering if he would be stuck next-doornto a zit-faced geek or a beautiful swan princess. \"Oh there in the house unloading if you like you could go over andnintroduce yourself to them\".A small sized women said she was tan,had brownneyes,she was also farlly skinny for a women of what looked like to be innher late 30's.She was standing next to a tall man that particallynovertowered her he looked her age,his hair was blond with traces of gray innit,and he was very muscular.\"Sorry for I dint catch your name\".Andi saidntrying to be as polit as she could.\"I'm Mrs.White and this isnMr.White\".\"Nice to meet you I'm Andrea and this is my twin Andrew\".\"Greatnto meet you\".\"Why dont you guys go over now\"Mrs.Carson said.\"Ok nicenmeeting you\"Andy said repeating his sisters earlier words. They walked towards the the blue house when they reached the frontngate Andy looked up and saw a tall not so slender girl that had blondishnbrownish hair,brown eyes with specks of green.She was wearing a oversizednsweat shirt that was gray and had Cape Cod written across in blue lettersnand tight faded,flare jeans.The second he saw her he thought she wasnbeautiful.She looked up from the boxes she said \"Hi\"as a smile camenacrossest her face. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~n~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Please review and tell me how you like it and if I shouldnwrite more.Please be easy on the flames I hurt easy.LOL.Sorrynfor any misspells I tryed my best.Oh and if your wonderingnabout the colors I thought I would liven up my story with anpatriotic twist.[Chapter 2] The Girl Next Door Disclaimer:I dont own Mottorcrossed thought I wish I owned Andynand Dean.LOL.The other chacters Tiffany and her family are mynthought.So dont copy.LOL.I'll shut up and let you read now. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~n~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Chapter:2 Hi! This chapter takes of from the 1st chapter. \"Hi I'm Andrea and this is my bother Andrew.Were yournnew next door neighbors.\"Andi said walking towards the new girlnTiffany.\"Do you need any help unpacking?\" \"Ya.Sure thanks these boxes are really heavy.\"Tiffanynsaid flashing her perfect teeth along with what Andy thougthnwas the perfect smile. \"Andy come on help us dont just stand around you gotntwo legs move.\" Tiffany just looked at Andi and laughed.Andynfinally let his gaze fall from what he thougth was a swannprincess. \"Oh....Ya ummm....right.\"Andy said stuturing from hisnembaressment.He walked over to the girls examing which boxnlooked the heaviest so he can impress Tiffany. \"Well come on already pick a box Andrew and letsnmove.\"Tiffany said without any harshness in her voice.Andynsuddenly looked up he noticed she had an unuasal accent hencouldnt put his finger on it so he just forgot about it andnpicked up a box.\" \"Were did you move from any where around here.\"Andi askednas she followed the girl into the house.She looked around shenhad never been in the house before after all the time she hadnlived next door she dint even know the neighbors. \"I moved from Harlem NewYork.\"Tiffany explianed as shendropped the box next to a cream leatherd couch and sat down. \"Wow you lived there all youre life?Andi said as she wasnabout to join the girl on the couch.\"Ummm....Were do you wantnme to put this?\" \"No not all my life we moved there when I was nine.Oh youncan just drop it.\"Tiffany said pointing to the ground.Andi setndown the box and sat next to Tiffany.\"Harelm was cool I'm goingnto miss all my friends.In fact I had to break up with mynboyfriend John because we were moving here.\"A spark of jealousynwent though Andy's viens.He dint even know Tiffany and he wasnalready jealous of some John guy from Harlem.'Well shes herenknow'.Andy said to himself a smirk coming acrossest his face. \"Come sit down ummm...Andy right.\"Tiffany said as shenpointed to the empty spot next to her. \"Ok.\"Andy said as he sat down and slowly drapped his armnacrossest Tiffanys shoulders.She just looked at him and smilednhe smiled back.They just sat there looking into each othersneyes.'Ok this is to weird for me.But what should I do?Say thatnI'll go get some more boxes or just start talking.As Andi wasndebating what to do Dean walked through the door. \"Hey Angel..... what I dont get a hug.\"Dean said extendingnhis arms towards Andi.Andi totally forgot her debate withnherself and ran over into Deans arms.They gave each other anquick peck then looked into each others eyes. \"Oh so this is the girl you've been knawing my ear offnabout.You guys make a cute couple.\"Tiffany said looking at Deannthen smilling and looking back at Andy. \"Uhhh thanks.\"Dean siad blushing not sure of what his andnAndis status was and now Andi knew how much he talked aboutnher. \"Ya we do dont we.\"Andi said giggling and giving Dean anpeck on the cheek.He blushed even more.\"How about we go unloadnsome more boxes Dean.\"Andi said trying to give Dean a hint fornthem to leave the room. \"Uhhh ok sure why not.\"Dean said getting the hint.The twonleft the room and left the soon to be couples alone. \"I'm so bore whats there to do here?Oh do you mind ifnI..\"Tiffany said lying her head on Andys shoulders.'WoW!Shensure is forward I like that.' \"No I dont, and me and my familynlike to mottercross.\"Andy said looking at Tiffany. \"Whats that?\" \"You mean mottorcross?Thats were two or more players raceneach other on dirtbikes.... Tiffany just looked puzzling atnAndy.A dirt bike is surrod-of-like a mottocycle that is morenfor ruff areas not like the regular mottorcycles that can onlyngo on certain things....\" \"Oh I see\"Tiffany said as she nodded her head cutting offnAndy unitentailly. \"Ya,there I mean its pretty cool.But theres a lot of riskninvoled.You see my leg.\"Andi said machulay pointing at his leg. \"WoW!What happened are you O.K?!Tifany said looking up andndown.First looking at Andy then at his leg rubbing his kneengently. \"Ya I'm fine.I wasnt able to race thought.But that was O.Knbecause my sister raced for me after a snob Renne' got firednfor treating my sister bad.Thats why her hair is short she cutnit to look like me so the guys wouldnt hasel her so much on thentrack.\" \"Thats why you guys look so much alike?Thats cool how shendid that.Go Andrea!Go Andrea.She said laughing and dancing.Andyncouldnt help but laugh to.\"Ok I need to calm down.Tiffany saidnletting out a few more laughs that sounded like music to Andy'snears.\"Hey do you and your sis wanna come swimming tonight arenpool is already clean and filled.\" \"You guys have a pool?\"Andy said looking astonished he nevernknew his neighbors had a pool whoever they were.It dint matternthought,they had a pool to he was just amazed about how littlenhe knew about his next door nieghbors.But he sure was glad henknew what he did about his new nieghbor.The swan princessnTiffany. \"Ya you never knew that?\"Well you wanna we can have a littlenpool party with me,you,Andrea and Dean.Tiffany said pointing tonherself then Andy then finally resting her hand back on hisnknee and looking into his eyes. \"Sure why not.\"Andy said putting his hand on Tiffanys henlooked deply into her eyes and pulled her in for a kiss thennAndi sundenly called from outside running the twos kiss. \"Andy comeon mom whats us for supper then you have to runnsome laps.She said yelling at what sounded like the top of hernlungs. \"Ok be there in a sec.I got to go see you later.\"Andy saidnlooking at Tiffanys some-what sadden face. ~~~~~~Outside~~~~~~~ \"What were you guys doing in there?\" Andi responed lookingnat her brother as Dean held the gate door open for them. \"Did she hurt you?\"Dean said jokingly. \"What....Oh.....i mean we just talked she inveted us overnto her house to swim later on tonight.\"Andy said getting out ofnhis daze thinking of what Tiffany would look like in a bathingnsuit. \"Sounds cool.I wonder if any of my suits are clean?\"Andinsaid first talking to the boys then to herself. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~n~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Ok I'm going to leave it off from there.Hope you guys liked itnplease review!!!!!!!Tell me if you have any suggestions.Plz beneasy on the flames you can right them just be easy and if itsnabout how writting a story on mottorcross is gay then dontnbother.If you dont like the movie then why are you reading thenfics?Thanks to all my reviewers.Peace.[Chapter 3] ThenGirl Next Door Disclaimer:I dont own any of these chacters execpt Tiffanynand her family.Even though I wish I owned Dean and Andrew. Chapter 3:Pool Party Tiffany put on her baby blue takini with anblack play boy bunny in the middle of her top and examinednherself in the mirror.Giving herself and approving nod.Shenstarted down the hall then stoped and knocked on the geustnroom door. \"Dean are you ready yet.\" \"Ya come in Tiff.\"Tiffany walked in the smellnof Bod colone blasted her there she saw her cousin Dean hisnbody nicely chisled for his age and in yellow with rednstriped trunks.Even she had to admit her cousin did lookngood. \"Looking good cuz but whats up with thencolone.I mean wont the smell come off as soon as you hit thenwater or bugs will get you?\"Tiffany said putting her leftnhand on her hip. \"Ya but its for Andi.\" \"The Dude?Man I dint know you or him were likenthat.I support you but I mean that Andy dude sure is finenthats to bad about him.\"Dean started laughing. \"No stupid,Andi is Andreas ninkname you know A-nN-D-I.Andrew isnt gay at least I dont think he is and nor amnI.\"Dean paused for a second.\"Wait a minute... hold up did younjust say you thought Andrew was fine?\" \"Ya so.I aint stupid.Boy you need to shut upnbefore I knock you upside your head.\"Tiffanys ghetto accentnstarted to get thicker as she started to get mad at Dean. \"Calm down ghetto girl.\" \"And proud of it.\" \"I was just playing.Chill.\"Dean noticed hisncousin and how much she had grown into a woman since thatnlast time he saw her and how she nice she looked in herntakini.\"Oh and you dont look half bad either cuz....lets gondownstairs and wait for Andrea and Andrew.\" \"Ok fine lets go.\"Tiffany started out the door with Deannclose behind her. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~At The CarsonnHouse~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ \"Hey Andi hurry up.\"Adreaw stood outside hisnsisters door constantly pounding and yelling for her to comenon he wanted to get to the pool party as soon as possible,andnto Tiffany but even better for him Tiffany in a bathingnsuit.He paused for a moment and thought of her in a bikininand how good she would look in it.\"Andi hurry up.\" \"Ok.I'm ready why are you in such a hurrynnewayz?\"Andi said looking at her brother in his black trunksnwith silver strips running down the side. \"I just dont wanna be late.Now come on.\"Hengrabbed her arm and dragged her down the steps.As soon asnthey got to the bottom Andi got out of her brothers grasp. \"What is the matter with you.\"Andi saidnlooking down at her arm.\"Oh great now I have a big red marknon my arm.\" \"Sorry its just that.\"Andy looked down atnthe ground he really dint want to tell his sister how much henliked Tiffany and how much he wanted to be with her. \"Just what?\"Andi said looking at her brother. \"Its just that I wanna get over there.Okncome on I think were all ready late.\"Andrew said lying to hisnsister but to him it was just kinda telling her half of thentruth. \"Ok fine then lets go.\"They headed for the door. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Back at Tiffanynhouse~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Ding Dong.The Door bell rang.Tiffany knewnit must be Andy so she just told them ot come in.The twinsnlet themselfs inside. \"Hi Tiff.\"Andreaw said as soon as he sawnhe.'God she looks so beautiful it might not be a bikini butnwhat ever it is she sure does look great in it she reallyndoes have a nice body.I mean before I couldnt tell what shenlooked like under that sweat shirt but dang she looksngood.'Andi walked over to Dean they hugged and head towardsnthe back.Tiffany walked towards Andy. \"Hey Andreaw.\"Tiffany was now standing innfront of Andy he couldnt help but look her up and down.\"CantnI have a hug?\"Tiffany said extending her arms toward Andy. \"Umm,Ya sure.\"Andy wrapped his muscalornarms around her waist.Smelling her strawaberry scentednhair.'God she smells so good I wish I could hold her likenthis forever.'Tiffany broke there hug then looked Andy up andndown she saw his six pack and strong arms that she just gotnout of.'Dang he looks good'.Tiffany said her eyes meetingnwith Andys. \"Can I say something?\" \"Ya sure anything.\"Andi said looking even deeper intonTiffanys eyes. \"You look really good.\"Tiffany startednto smile then blush she couldnt believe she just said thatnthen agian she could she was the biggest flirt back home andnthe best.Then agian she really dint know if she likednAndy,but she had to compliment a guy whenever he looked good. \"Thanks,you to.\"Andy started to blush. \"Lets go get in the pool.\"Tiffany saidntrying to get out of this not so comfortable sitation.\"Oh andnthanks.\"They walked out on the deck of the pool.\"Comenon.\"Tiffany jumped into the pool splashing Andi and Dean whonwas right beside her. \"Hey.\"Andi and Dean said then theynstarted to splash Tiffany back.Andy jumped into the poolndoing a huge cannon ball and splashing all of them.They allnstarted to splash Andy.Soon they broke up into teams seeingnwho could get soaked the most.After everyones arms startedngetting tired they stopped.Every started talking then Tiffanynsuggested they have a chicken fight.Andy lifted Tiffany ontonhis shoulders and Dean did the same with Andi.Then theynstarted.Tiffany won 3 rounds Andi and her tied thenforth.After that it started to get darker and the moon wasnthe only light they had.After a few moments of talking Andinand Dean sneaked quietly off into a corner to makeout.LeavingnTiffany and Andy by themselves.Andy and Tiffany started up anconversation.Tiffany talked about her home and Andy talkednabout there school and Mottercross. \"Hey Andy mind if I get on your back?\"Tiffany said afternthere conversation broke. \"No,I dont mind get on.\"Andy smiled henknew he was going to have fun with this.Tiffany got on hisnback and wrapped her legs around his waist.'Oh yes who rulesnnow.'Andy thought in his head.He grabbed Tiffanys legs thennstarted to massage them.She giggled and dint seem tonmind.Andy started to swim he would go under and then gonreally fast anything to get Tiffany closer to him.ThennMrs.Carson called from there back yard. \"Andrea,Andreaw come home in 5 minutesnits starting to get late.\"The twins blushed.How could theirnmother embrasses them like that.Everyone headed out of thenpool. Andy with Tiffany still on his back until they reachednthe ladder. \"Thanks For coming you guys.It was reallynfun maybe we can do it some other time.Tiffany said as shengot out of the pool. \"Ya that would be great.\"Andinsaid.\"Thanks.\"Then her and Dean left towards her house.Theynwere holding hands with Andi's head on Deans shoulder.Now itnwas just Tiffany and Andy really alone. \"So.\"Tiffany turned towrds Andy.His bodynglisting with drops of water from the moonlight.\"Thanks forncoming.She gave him a hug then only pulled away slightly. \"No problem.I had fun thanks for invitingnme.\"Andy said gazing deep into Tiffanys eyes.Tiffany lookednback into Andys eyes.He reached in to kiss her. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~n~~~~~~ Sorry guys but I had to leave you in suspeneces.I hope younliked it remeber Review Reveiw Review!!!!And thanks to all mynpast reviewers.Peace and Love.~Joanna~[Chapter 4] ~The GirlnNext Door~ Disclaimer:I dont own Mottorcrosse althought I want to ownnAndy and Dean.Anybody know how I can do that.LOL.~Newayz~Inknow everyone hates me for keeping in suspence so I'mnwritting another chapter.Dont you love me.~Newayz~I'm goingnto shut up now so you can read. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~n~~~~~~ Chapter 3:Night Time Blues As he reached in to kiss her there lips meet but afternonly a brief seconds of kissing she stopped. \"Andrew\" \"Just call me Andy.\"He said whispering kissing hernonce again.This time she dint kiss back. \"Andy,I cant do this I'm sorry.\"Tiffany saidnbacking out of Andys arms and away from him.He stood thiernalmost heart broken. \"Why not its just a kiss.\"He wanted to tell hernright there and then how much he loved her from the firstntime he saw her and how beautiful she was,and how in everynway it seemed so right for them to be togther but he dint henkept his mouth shut. \"Becuase,Andrew.\" \"Andy.\" \"Because Andy I just cant.It doesnt seemnright.\"Tiffany voice was crackling it sounded as if she werengoing to cry.Andy stood there silent not knowing what to saynnext or how to just move on from this now very akwardnmoment.Then his voice raised. \"Oh,I see how it is now.You can lead me on andnflirt with me.But when I go to show you affection I'm notnaloud.Its not alright for me to do that?Is this some kind ofngame to you playing with peoples emotions then just rippingnthier hearts out?Is this what it is?Huh Tiffany just somenkind of game?\"Tiffany was crying now.Andy voice was full ofnhurt and anger. \"I..\"Tiffanys voice was just above a whisper.Tearsnwere running down her cheeks.\"I dint know I was being sonforward.I dint mean to hurt you Andy I was just playingnaround.\" \"Just playing around?What am I your toy?\" \"Andy I really like you but just as a friend.At leastnfor now.\"Tiffany voice was still crakling but it was raisednback to normal. \"Well you know what Tiffany.There is no morenfriendship between us.I dont like being other peoplesntoys.Bye.\"With that Andy walked away leaving Tiffany in anstate of shock and saddness. \"I dint mean to do it.I just wanted to be yournfreind.\"Tiffany whispered speaking only to herself.She wentninside.She went up to bed and cryed herself to sleep. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Back at the Carsonnhouse~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Andy stormed in the back door shoving past Andi andnDean.Then through the living room and up the steps to hisnbedroom.Down stairs Andi gave Dean a confused look. \"Umm...I'll be right back maybe you should go talk tonTiffany and see what happened.\" \"Ya..maybe I should,I'll see you tommorow?Dean hadnthe same confused look on his face and in his voice. \"Ya,see ya.\"Dean left and headed to Tiffanys.Andi went upnstairs. \"Andy..Andy let me in.What happened at?\" \"No leave me alone.\"Andy still hadnt calmed down andnnow he was taking his anger out on his siter his best friend. \"No I'm not going to leave until you tell me whatsnwrong.\"Andi heard a click on the door.She opened it.Andy wasnon his bed his face was red with anger.'Andy whats wrong?Whatnhappened?\"Andi voice was full of concern she sat next to hernbrother and put her arm around him. \"I'm never going to talk to that whore agian.\" \"Who Tiffany?Why what did she do?\"Andi voice was nownmixed with confusion,anger,and concern.'Why is Andy so mad hennever swears unless hes really upset.' \"Ya Tiffany.She thinks she can just play withnpeoples emotions but when they show them back she just pullsnaway.\" \"Andy what happened?Your not making compliet sence.\"Andynjust gave his sister a look then turned to her. \"You wanna know what happened?Ever since I saw Tiffany Inwanted to be with her.I thought she felt the same way I meannshe flirted with me and lead me on to believe that she likednme just the same.I mean dint you see her at the pool party. \"Umm..Ya\"Andi dint really see anything because she wasnmaking out with Dean the whole time.But now she wished shenhad payed attention. \"Ya well anywayz.After you and Dean left we werentalking.I reached into to kis her she kisses me back and thennpulls away saying that she dint fell right.\" \"Thats what you got so upset over.Andy maybe she justnwanted to be your freind before you guys started gettingnserious I mean you have only known her for like a day.\" \"God thats the same crab she told me what do you allnjust click togther?I guess your brother isnt that imporant tonyou.\"Andy laid down a hurt look on his face. \"Andy you know I love you.But I mean you got to see itnfrom her piont of view.\" \"You know what just keave me alone.Ok.I'm neverntalking to her agian.\" \"Fine Andy I was just trying to help you but I guessnyou dont want my help.You me being a girl I actully know whtsngoing on in her mind.But then again I forgot you know everynthing.\"Andi slamed the door to her brothers room then slamednthe door to her own.\"God I hate guys they think they knownvery thing.\"Then the phone rang.Andi picked it up.\"What?\" \"Andi whats wrong?\"Dean voice had concern and confusionnin it. \"Nothing.I'm sorry I'm just a little pissed rightnnow.What did you say you wanted to talk to me about.\"She saidntrying to change the subject. \"Oh ..umm..right.I found out whats wrong I had to wakenTiffany up.She says she dint mean to hurt Andys fellings andnthat she hopes he'll talk ot her agian.\" \"What he said he wouldnt talk to her again god hes annass.He will dont worry.\" \"Ok well I just wanted to talk to you about that.I betterngo.\" \"Ok bye.Thanks\" \"No prob.Bye.\" Dean hung up.Andi liad down on her bed and fell asleep. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~n~~~~~~ Sorry the chapter was so long but I had to finish the daynoff.Ok you guys kepp telling me check my spelling and grammernbut my word prosser wont do that for some oddd reason.I'mnsorry I try my best but sometimes I make mistakes that I justncant seem to catch.Hope you like my storie.Plz review.~Joanna[Chapter 5] ~The Girl Next Door~ Disclaimer:Same as last time.Thanks for all the reviews younguys have been really cool and nice.Thanks agian and I hopenyou like my new chapter. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~n~~~~~~ Chapter 5: A New Day Andy woke up and thoughts of last nights fights withnTiffany and his sister went through his mind.He walked overnto Andi's room thinking of an apoligy then thinking of how tontalk to Tiffany.Andy knocked on his sisters door lightly notnsure if she would be up or not.She wanst he walked into thenroom anywayz and sat next to her watching her sleep thenndecide to wake her up. \"Andi,Andi wake up I need to talk to you.It's about lastnnight.\"Andi woke up rubbing her eyes as she lookednaround.Then she sat up and faced her brother.\"Andi look I'mnreally sorry about what I said yesterday.I guess I was justnso mad that I blew up at you when I shouldnt have.I know younwere just trying to help.I know also that maybe I should beenneasier on Tiffany to.I guess I just liked her so much thatnwhen I found out that she dint share the same feelings I blewnup at her,even though it really it wasnt her fault it wasnmine for not taking it slower.Will you forgivenme.Please.\"Andi smiled then hugged her brother. \"Of course but dont you think that maybe half of what younjust said to me is really what you should be tellingnTiffany.Dean called me last night and told me that Tiffanynwas sorry for what she did and would like to know if you guysncould be friends agian.\" \"Ya we can.It's just how..what..I dont know what to say tonher.\" \"Just tell her what you told me.Everything will worknout trust me.\"Andy hugged his sister.'She'll always be by mynside even if I treat her like dirt.'He thought as they brokenaway from the hug.\"Now go call her and make up.\"Andy left thenroom and headed for his own.He sat down on the bed and pickednup the phone to call Tiffany.It rang then a grogy voicenpicked up. \"Hello.\" \"Hi is Tiffany there.\" \"This is her who is this.\" \"Hey Tiffany it's me Andy.\" \"Andy I thought....\" \"Listen Tiffany.\"Andy intrupted.\"I'm really sorrynabout last night it's just I...I really like you and when Infound out that you dint like me I just blew up.I know it'snnot all your fault alot of it is mine for going to fast.Injust hope we can still be freinds.\"Andy took a deep breath. \"Of course we can still be freinds and I'm sorrynto.Maybe I was a little to flirty I think your really cutenand really nice maybe later we can have something but rightnnow I think friends is as far as I can go.\" Yu...You think I'm cute?\"Andy's cheeks changed from tan tonred in a matter of seconds.Tiffany giggled then responed. \"Ya I do.So friends for just right now and maybe somethingnmore later?\" \"Ya sure.So I'm cute.Aaa.You aint to bad yourself.\"Tiffanyngiggled. \"I got go Andy I'll see you today maybe.Cya.\" \"Bye.\"The phone clicked.\"She thinks I'm cute,reallyncute.\"Andy sang doing as little dance around his bed room asnhe did.\"Oh yeah who rules I'm cute, I'm cute.Dont hatencongradulate.Cause I'm cute,really cute.\"Andi walked in onnhis brothers little dance.She started to laughing non-stop atnhim. \"Oh my...Oh my god...you look..\"Andi said in betweennluaghs.\"Oh my god I have to tell Kelly.\"Then she stared tonmick her brothers song and dance.\"I'm cute I'm really cute.Ohnmy god Andy you looked so...\"She started laughing agian. \"Shut up and dont you dare or I'll kill you.\" \"Andrew,Andrea,Jason time for breakfast.\"Mrs.Carsonncalled from the bottom of the steps.Andy rushed past hisnsister and down the steps.Andi followed micking her brothernonce agian. \"I'm cute I'm cute.Wait what was it?Oh yeah.Dont hatencongradulate.\"Andi said as Jason watched craking up alongnwith his sister. \"Cut it out.Ok I get it I got a little exicted.But whonwouldnt?I mean if you were me and Tiffany said you werenreally cute wouldnt you at least be a little exicted?\" \"Ya I guess if I loved her as much as you did.Ok I'llnstop but you have to admit you did look pretty stupid.\" \"I know just cut it out.So what if I like her alot.\" \"Ok fine.\"Andi said as she sat down next to Jason.Jasonnlooked at the twins then at Andy. \"Who's Tiffany?\" \"Only the girl that Andy's in love with.\"Jason looked at hernwith a confused face. \"She just moved in next door,her name is Tiffany .\"Andynrelpied.\"And I'm not in love with her.\"He grabbed for thenbacon that his mother had put in front of him.Andi grabbednfor th OJ. \"Sure ya dont.\"She giggled.Then after a while the carsonnfamily execpt Mr.Carson ate and talked at the table. \"Hey mom where's dad?\"Andy asked looking around. \"Oh I think he's out in the back with Dean.\"She shoot anglance towards Andrea. \"No way and you dint tell me I have to go get ready thennlike bring out something to drink.\"Andi got up from the tablenand ran upstairs. \"And she's the one saying I'm in love.\"Andy mumbledninto his glass of milk.Jason just gave a confused look tonAndy then to his mom. \"Just eat.\"She said reassuringly.Soon peace was broughtnback to the table until Andi came back down stairs in a babynblue halter top and baby blue shorts that said Angel on thenback.\"Oh honey you look cute.\" \"Thanks.Do we have any drinks that are all readynmade?\"Andi said heading towards the refrigerator. \"Ya top shelf there should be some lemonade.There'snplastic cups in the bottom cupard. \"Thanks mom.\" \"No problem.\"Andi headed outside with thendrinks.Outside Dean was racing and her dad was timing him andnthere was a familar figure standing next to him.Andi walkednover to her dad and found that the figure wasnTiffany.\"Hi!\"Andi said happily.Tiffany looked over at her andnsmiled then looked back at the track where Dean was racingnhis final lap. \"Oh hi honey.\"Her dad said not looking up from thenstop watch.Andi was used to her father ingoring her but itnalways hurt a little.She was just gald he was ingoring hernfor Dean and not for Renn'e.Dean finished up his lap and camenover to Andi.He flashed one of his cute smiles at her and gotnsomething to drink before going over his time withnMr.Carson.\"God job with more practice you'll be even betternand will have a 250 rider as good as are 150.\"He saidnglancing down at his daughter.A smile came to Andi'snface.'Finally some approval from him.' \"Do you want me to run some more laps Mr.Carson?\" \"Ya how about five more then I'll give you a break.\"Deannlooked at Andi and shrugged his shoulders.Andi gace a littlenfrown but then puckered her lips up.He smiled and got on hisnbike.Andi turned around and went inside. \"Oh Andy.\" \"What?\" \"Guess who's outside.\" \"Tiffany.\" \"Yep.\" \"Oh cool I can go see who she is.\"Jason said heading fornthe door.Andy followed after him forgeting he was still innhis boxers.Andi just laughed and headed to the bathroom tonfix up her makeup.\"WoW.She's hot,know wonder you like her sonmuch.\"Jason said to Andy a few feet aheaded of Tiffany.Andynjust looked at him then back up at Tiffany,she was wearing anblack halter top,with black jeans that clung tightly to hernand black stilto boots. \"I wonder if everyone in Newyork dresses or even looksnthat good?\"Andy said out loud to himself.Tiffany turnednaround and smiled. \"Hi Andy.\"Now he could see the full view of her.She hadnwhat look like to be no make up on execpt black eyeliner andnsome sparkly lip gloss. \"Hi.\"Jason made a coughing noise so he could benintroduced to her.\"Tiffany this is my little brother Jasonnhe's around the age of your brother.\" \"Hi Jason it's nice to meet you.\"Tiffany smiled andnthen looked at Andy.\"Andy do you think maybe me and you couldntalk somewhere private?\" \"Ya sure.We by the side of the garge there's a swing we cannsit on.\" \"Ok good.Bye Jason nice meeting you.\"Tiffany followednAndy to the bench.They sat down Andy put his arm acrossestnthe back of Tiffanys seat. \"So what do you wanna talk about?\" \"I wanna talk about us and were we stand right now.\" \"Ok.\" \"Listen last night I was...\" \"Hey it's cool I understand and I'm really sorry I went offnon you.\" \"Dont be I understand..it's just that I wasnt ready fornthe kiss I was just so shocked that you did it.I..I justnfreaked I'm sorry.\" \"Hey like I said dont be it's no big deal.\" \"Well I was thinking about it and well...\"Tiffany pausednand looked at the ground then as she started talking agiannshe looked up at Andy.\"I was thinking that maybe we could trynthe kiss again.\"Her words came out more quicker then before. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~n~~~~~~ Sorry but I had to leave you guy's in supence.Peace andnLove~Joanna.[Chapter 6]  ","Summary":" SomethingnDifferent Disclaimer:I dont own Mottorcrossed even thougth I wish I own Andy andnDean.LOL"},{"Movie":"Free Willy","Title":"The Greenwood Street Boys","Author":"white collar black wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12281995","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Greenwood Street Boys Disclaimer- I don't own Free Willy I do own Jaden Chapter 1 Jaden and his brother Jesse were walking around the plaza when Jaden went to ask a lady for money and Jesse went to ask another women \"Excuse me lady my mom dropped me off on her way to work and she forgot to give me bus fair could I borrow some money\"Jaden asked the lady as he saw his brother asked another lady Jaden walked over to his brother and heard what he told the lady before asking her for money \"Excuse me lady my friends and I spend all our money at apterthe history museum and we have to take a fair home think you could help me out\"Jesse asked the lady After getting the money Jaden and Jesse walked over to their firends who also asked for money and they put all the money together and counted it. \"A few bucks\"Jaden told them \"Shoot man I hungry\"Said their friend Perry \"God man I need some food\"Jesse told his brother \"Guys look over there\"Jaden told them They looked over to were Jaden was pointing to and saw that a couple was leaving and that there was some food left on the plates \"Let's go\"Jaden told them They ran over to the table and got the food Jaden look over at the other couple that was eating in the table next to them \"Let's go Jaden Jess\"Perry told them as they ran and jumped over the fence and their other friends ran out after them A/N- Hey everyone here is another new story please Review[Chapter 2] The Greenwood Street Boys Disclaimer- I don't own Free Willy I do own Jaden Chapter 2 They walked around they brought a pizza until they came to an open van in front of a barkery Jaden went forward saw the cake threw his backpack to his brother and took the cake then they ran until they got to the handout space behind the skatepark \"The first time I ever went there it was so bad my mom dropped me off when she went to work in Huston I never saw her again I don't care I hate her away\"said their friend Gwenie \"Yeah well we bolted\"said Jaden as he ripped off another piece of cake \"You guys bolted from Cooperton\"said their friend \"We did bonehead\"Jesse told him \"Shut up all three of us did what do you know\"said Perry \"I know they watch like you're gonna stick a knife in their back I had to wait till some stupid foster home losers took me then I slipped\"said Gwenie \"Maybe you're not as smart as us\"said Perry as he got another piece of cake \"Eat it\"Gwenie told Perry \"I am\"Perry told her as he ate his piece of cake \"We jut want our own place like an apartment or something \"said Jaden as he looked at his brother \"Yeah you guys and me we'll hook up with someone with my brains and your wonderful personality\"said Perry as Jaden threw some cake at him Suddenly they heard a siren they all turned and saw a police car headed their way \"Get out here GO GO Jesse come on\"Yelled Jadan as the police car came cloer and his brother slipped on some cake that fell on the floor \"Let's spilt up\"Jaden told them a the cops continued to follow them \"Let's go this way\"Jesse told his brother and perry \"In here\"said Jaden as they went in what looked like to be a storege room As they looked around the room they found spray paint cans and they began to spray paint the place even what looked to be like an observation room \"Jess what's wrong\"Jaden asked his brother after he heard him scream \"It's a whale\"Jaden told him \"Jaden Jesse cops RUN\"they heard perry yell to them as they saw flashlights heded towards them \"Run come on Go\"Jaden told his brother as the cop began to chase them What the boys didn't notice was that one of the cops went around the front and when they got outside they were both tackled to the ground and cuffed. A/N- Hey everyone sorry it took me so long to update this story I do have the other chapter done but I won't post it yet as I'm trying to finish writting the story before I post it.[Chapter 3] The Greenwood Street Boys Disclaimer- I don't own Free Willy I do own Jaden Chapter 3 (AT CHILD SERVICE) \"Breaking and entering,Malicious mischief,Vandlism, Resisting arrest\"said Dwight \"Anything else happened I should know about\"asked Dwight \"Yeah we robbed a few banks is that a problem\"said Jaden as they sat down and ignored what Dwight said until they heard him say that they would have to clean up the mess made \"You guys have to clean up the mess you made at Northwest Adventure Park you have a problem\"Dwight told them \"Yeah why should we have to clean it\"asked Jesse \"If you guys split out again I am out of the picture gone you'll be with youth pathority court supervice and the control they'll put you both in baby jail that means a lock up in juvinal hall boys\"Dwight told them dircting the last part to Jaden. \"So your placement is on the Greenwoods are okay they don't even care about this incident\"Dwight told them \"What wrong with them\"asked Jesse \"Oh I see cause they want both you and your brother in their home there's got to be something wrong with them right\"Dwight told them \"What you think\"asked Jaden asked him \"I think that on paper you're both still real young so you both get some chances not a lot but a few you get it\"said Dwight \"So you got any questions about any of this\"Dwight asked them \"You hear from our mom\"Jaden asked him \"You still want to hear from your mom\"Dwight asked Jaden \"We just want to know if she's okay\"Jaden told him \"Noboby's heard from your mom in six years guys\"Dwight told them as Jaden got an angry look on his face After that they got in the car and Dwight drove them to the Greenwood house when they got there Dwight and Jesse got out but Jaden stayed in the car glaring at the dashboard. \"Anytime you're ready big guy\"Dwight told him as Jaden got his backpack and stepped out of the car As they walked towards the house they saw Annie and Glen make their way over to them. \"Hi Jesse hi Jaden hey Dwight\"said Annie when she saw them \"Hi Annie hey Glen\"said Dwight \"Hey there they are can I carry your stuff for you guys\"Glen asked Jaden and Jessse \"No\"said Jaden \"Well why don't we go inside and wash up and we'll have dinner\"suggested Annie \"You intreasted in computers Jaden Jesse\"Annie asked them \"No\"said Jesse \"Well I could teach you I just learned last summer myself\"Annie told them \"We're not into it\"said Jaden \"That's makes three of us\"said Glen as he came in from outside Annie then began to tell them why she got intreasted in computer after dinner Glen and Annie showed them their rooms Jaden's room was right next to Jesse's the next morning Glen dropped them off at the adventure park after he left they took off to find randolph so that they could clean up the mess perry had made when they saw a whale and randolph told all about willy. A few days after Jared and Jesse heard a show going on at the pool so they went to check it out after the show was over they saw willy come out and saw as he began to swim around when Rae came over to the and told them to becareful around willy after they were done with work they went home were Glen told them some rules they had to follow. The next day at the adventure park Jared and Jesse could both see that they were also done cleaning it up when willy came over to where they were and began to sing along to sound Jaden and Jesse were making sounds with their harmonicas until rae came over and told them to help her sort through the fish that willy could eat. \"Willy's a killer whale right\"Jesse asked Rae \"So will he kill us\"Jesse asked her \"No Orcas are just hunters\"Rae told him \"Mostly they eat fish but sometimes they'll eat Porpoise, Squid,birds,Sharks, what willy really likes is Salmon that's his chocolate\"Rae told them Later on that night Jesse and Jaden snuck out and went to the adventure park and sat by willy's tank until they heard someone coming and they fell in to the tank Willy then pushed them back to the stage after they dried off Randolph took them home where he told Annie and Glen that they could use their help at the park for the rest of the summer suprising both Jaden and Jesse they said yes.[Chapter 4] The Greenwood Street Boys Disclaimer- I don't own Free Willy I do own Jaden Chapter 4 The next moring they took off to the park where they could hear Willy crying out they saw him in a net and they saw Rae arguing with Wade about how it was dangerous to willy in the net. \"This Examination area is completely inadequate\"Rae told Wade \"It's all we've got\"Wade told Rae \"Holding him in this net is dangerous we told you that I don't know how many times\"Rae told Wade angrily \"You and Dial bought Willy from some slimball whale catch he's too big and old to be caught in the first place then you put him in a dolphin tank alone he's not a natural performers and you expect miraces\"Rea told Wade \"You're paid to train him not analyze him.\"Wade told her \"These were not the circumstance you descibed to me when I signed on\"Rea told him \"You're a professional right make it work Dial gave a line and I am not gonna cross it\"he told her \"This is not about crossing lines\"said Rea \"Which words don't you understand if the whale brought in customers then we could spend money on him but since he's not make do with you've got\"said wade as Jaden pulled the rope that was holding up the net \"What going on what happened\"asked Wade as he and Rea ran over to the net \"I don't know the net came loose\"said Randolph as Jaden and Jesse went down to where willy was \"I saw what you did\"Randolph told Jaden \"So\"said Jaden while looking at his brother \"So nothing I'm sure Willy's greatfull\"Randolph told him (At the fish market) \"You got any leftover scraps or anything I could take off your hands\"Jaden as the manager at the fish market \"Might have\"said the manager \"I got a special friend named Willy\"said Jesse \"Why would he want scraps\"asked the manager \"He's a whale\"said Jesse as the manager left to get the scraps \"Hey Jess hey Jaden\"said Perry \"Perry\"said Jesse suprised to their friend \"New clothes new gig\"asked Perry noticing the clothes that they had on \"Staying with some people\"said Jaden \"What happen that night I saw you guys get popped\"asked Perry \"Not much had to clean up all our mess we're working there now\"said Jesse as Jaden got on his bike \"We gotta get back see you perry\"Jaden told him (Back at the park) \"What the matter willy thought you liked these things\"said Jaden as he tried to understand what will was trying to tell him and Jesse \"You want one of us to put in your mouth\"Jaden as Willy as he nodded \"We'll make a deal with you don't bite my hands off and I'll give you the fish\"Said Jesse as his brother wet his hand on the water and petted Willy. After they feed him a fish they both petted willy until they realized that they had to get back to work \"Well we gotta go\"Jaden told willy as he and his brother began to walk away jesse noticed that willy was following them. \"You want to go with us\"said Jaden when he saw willy following them \"We can do too\"said Jesse when willy raised up his fin as if he was waving \"Can you do that with your other arm\"asked Jaden as Willy copied what he did with his arm \"Can you wave\"Jesse asked Willy as he copied the movements he was doing What Jesse and Jared didn't notice was that Randolph and Rae as Jesse and Willy went around in circles Jaden just chuckled at them \"Looks like Willy's got himself two soul mates\"said Randolph watch one of the boys and Willy fool around.[Chapter 5] The Greenwood Street Boys Disclaimer- I don't own Free Willy I do own Jaden Chapter 5 \"Jess can you guys feed him\"asked Rae as she approched them \"Sure we can feed him it's easy\"said Jesse as he feed Willy a fish \"Want to try\" Jesse asked Rae as he handed her a fish as she went to give Willy the fish he splashed them with his fluke Rae then explained that her and Willy didn't get off to a good start because of al the medical test she had to do on him then she told them some more stuff about Killer Whales \"This isn't him\"Jesse asked Rae \"What\"Rae asked him as he pointed to the chart of the different whales \"Willy right here\"Jesse asked her \"Sure it is\"Rae told him \"Willy's fin is flopped over\"Jaden told her \"That' what happen in captivity\"Rae told them \"Why\"Jesse asked her \"Nobody knows maybe they need more room to really swim\"Rae told him \"How come won't build Willy a bigger tank\"Jaden asked her \"Because Dial thinks he can treat a wild animal like a commodity\"Rae told him \"It's a big word Dial like to use\"Rae told Jesse when he asked what a commodity was \"Means Dial won't build Willy a bigger tank unless he thinks he can make more money off of him\"Rae told them \"How'd you like to help me with that\"She asked them \"Sure\"said Jesse \"No thanks\"said Jaden After Rae led them to the tank where Willy was she grabbed the target and told Jesse told hold it out in front of Willy and get Willy to touch the end of the target with his after giving Willy a fish for touching the target Randolph took them to his house and gave Jesse a book and began to tell them the story of Natsaclane \"Natsaclane found a log and began to carve a great beast in the log he tried carrying it to the ocean finally he found water but it wasn't the ocean the great carrving sank to the bottom of this pool and disapeared. Natsaclane sat, watched, and waited he said a paryer he never heard before SA-LA-NA A-YOONG I-ASIS suddenly a whale appeared and Natsaclane got on his back and rode him all the way home\"Randolph told them Back at the house Jesse told Annie the story then they went to bed the next morning while Jesse and Jaden were sweaping the observation area Willy came up to them and began to sing. A few days later Jesse and Jaden were at the fish market and they stold a fish that was being tosted around by the workers so that it could be wrapped and sold. \"I got your chocolate buddy\"Jesse said to Willy as he held it over the water on the ladder Later that night Jesse and Jaden were still at the park and while they were watching Willy they saw that he was crying as the days went by Jesse continued Later that night Jesse and Jaden were still at the park and while they were watching Willy they say that he was crying as the days went by Jesse contiuned to train Willy. A few days later Jesse and Jaden went to Glen's work and took him dinner that Annie sent over. \"That's a picture of me and my mother\"Glen told Jesse when he asked him about the picture \"Yeah well my mom's coming to get me one of these days\"Jesse told Glen while Jaden got a look on his face \"She is\"Glen asked him while looking at Jaden \"Not to long from now\"Jesse told him \"That's funny that's not what they said\"Glen told him \"You don't believe me do you\"Jesse asked him \"It's not I was just under the impression\"Glen began but was cut off by Jesse \"I don't care what those people say those people do know anything\"Jesse told Glen angrily \"My mom has somethings to take care of and when she's done she's coming back for us\"Jesse told Glen as he ran out of his office got on his bike and took off \"When are you going to tell that your mom might not come back at all for you guys\"Glen asked Jaden \"I don't know he still believes that she'll be back but no one can find her not even Dwight beside she left us on a door and didn't look bad I just don't know why he didn't see that as a sign that she didn't want us I'm gonna go find him\"Jaden told Glen as he got on is bike and took off after his brother[Chapter 6] The Greenwood Street Boys Disclaimer- I don't own Free Willy I do own Jaden Chapter 6 \"Neither of the were at the park\"Glen told Annie as he walked through the door \"Maybe we should call Dwight it's after 11\"Annie told Glen as Jesse and Jaden walked through the door \"Jaden Jesse where have you two been\"Annie asked them \"What do you two are doing\"Glen asked them \"You're weren't at the park you're suppose to let us know where you are\"Glen told them \"You wanna dump us go ahead we're not living here we're staying here for a while\"Jesse tells them while Jaden just looks at his brother \"Just when you think you're starting to get through starting to make a connection whammo\"said Glen after Jesse and Jaden ran upstairs to the Jesse's room \"They're scared they're pushing us away\"Annie told Glen \"I'd like to give them a push right out the door\"said Glen \"Hey don't say things like that\"Annie told Glen angrily \"What's matter does it make you angry\"Glen asked Annie \"Yes it makes me angry it didn't help that you used that tone of voice with them when they came in the door\"Annie told Glen \"We tried we did the best we could do doesn't have to be anymore than that\"Glen told Annie \"What is this another one of your crusade\"Glenn asked Annie when she began to walk to the kitchen \"This is not a crusade Glenn we're talking about two human beings \"Annie told Glenn \"Annie I'm happy just you and me\"Glen told Annie just before they heard a crash upstairs \"We got scared\"Jaden told them as he sat next to his brother \"What are you two scared of\"Annie asked him \"We don't know We heard you guys fighting and it scared us\"Jesse told them \"Jesse Adults argue sometimes but that doesn't mean that anybody is gonna get hurt I would never hurt Annie or Jaden or you. You should know that I see you opened your presents\"Glen told him \"Yeah thank\"Jesse told him as Jaden held his gift for him from Annie and Glen The next morning after going to the fish market Jesse and Jaden headed to the park after a while Perry arrived. \"I'm going first Sacramento then L.A. Dayton and I are like bussiness partners you guys can get in on it\"Perry told them \"Perry we can't do that right now\"Jaden told him \"Come on you guys this is major stuff we're gonna be rich fine be that way. This is where we're going if you two ever get the guts to go look me up\"Perry told them as he gave them a postcard of California[Chapter 7] The Greenwood Street Boys Disclaimer- I don't own Free Willy I do own Jaden Chapter 7 \"Hey Willy you miss your family\"Jesse asked him \"Your mom's a pain couldn't take of care us couldn't even take of herself we haven't seen her since we were kids but we still miss her\"said Jaden as his brother stroked Willy's snout \"I'm sure you miss your family too and I hop you find them one day\"Jesse told Willy The next day Wade and Dial showed up at the park to the preformence that Willy and Jesse were going to do. \"Would you like to do some tricks today\"Jesse asked Willy as he nodded his head and Jesse began to do the signal for squirt \"Don't squirt me go squirt everyone else\"Jesse told Willy as he went around the tank squirting water \"Swimming tail slap\"Jesse told Willy and dove under water and did the trick \"Why we thank the nice people for their appluse\"Jesse told Willy as he waved and Willy copied him \"Big Barrel good boy\"Jesse told Willy as he began to go around in circles \"Alright boy come on Willy go on back down\"Jesse told Willy as he went under the water jumped out of the water and leaned back with his back hitting the water \"Now come to me Willy\"said Jesse as he did the signal for Willy to get on the stage and the sign for him to raise his fluke \"You can do all that again\"Dial asked Jesse \"Yes sir sure we can do it again\"Jesse told him[Chapter 8] The Greenwood Street Boys Disclaimer- I don't own Free Willy I do own Jaden Chapter 8 The next day the park was filled with people as they came to see Willy preforme \"Lots of people out there you nervous\"Rae asked Jesse as Jaden sat down on the bench \"No\"Jesse told her as she handed him a paperbag \"What's this\"Jesse asked her \"A little present from Randolph and me\"Rae told him as he two whistles dropped into his hand \"One's for Jaden even though he's not going to be out there with you just in case he wants to give it a try later on\"Rae told him as he handed the other whistle to Jaden \"Thanks Rae\"Jesse told her while Jaden just nodded \"Hey Dwilight\"said Jaden when he saw him enter the locker room \"Jesse Jaden this is exciting I'm really proud of both of you\"Dwilight told them \"I'm not doing anything out there\"Jaden told him \"But you are staying out of trouble and I know you helped your brother\"Dwilight told him A few mintues later Rae walked into the locker and told them the show was ready to start so they all walked out of the locker room and Jesse Rae and Randolph went up to the stage \"Ladies and Gentlemen prestenting the superstar orca of Northwest Adventure Park let's hear it for Willy and this is Willy's friend Jesse ladies and gentlemen Jesse and Willy have a very special show for you\"Rae told the audience \"He's not into this something's wrong\"Jesse told Rae when Willy won't come up from under the tank After that Rae began telling the audience somethings about Willy while Jesse tried to encourage Willy to start the preformence after a while people came running up from the oberservation area and with everyone booing at jesse he ran off the stage. \"He just wasn't ready\"Rae told him after he changed into his clothes \"No\"Jesse told her \"Jesse it wasn't your fault you didn't do anything\"Rae told him as he ran out of the locker room \"Hey Jess I'll hold it you kick\"Jaden told him as he Glen Annie and Dwilight came up to jesse and saw him kick a trash can \"Jess it takes courage to do what you did to work with an animal that big and strong\"Jaden told him \"Maybe Willy just doesn't want to be a preformer\"Glenn told him as he walked to a nearby bench \"So the show wasn't\"Dwilight began only to be cut of by Jesse \"Screw the show and screw the Greenwoods\"said Jesse \"So now there against you to\"Dwilight asked him \"Just like everything else\"Jesse told him as Jaden sat down next to him \"You and Jaden don't have a bad thing with the greenwoods Jesse\"Dwilight told them \"You go live there then but we're going to find our mom\"Jesse told him as he looked at Jaden \"You mean you guys are going to go hit the streets again\"Dwilight told him \"No we're going to go find our mom\"Jesse told him while Jaden just listened to what each of them were saying \"Right the state can't her the federal government can't find your mom either\"Dwilight told him \"We'll find her\"Jesse told him \"When are you going to get it that your mom isn't coming back Jaden already knows that did you forget the day she dropped both of you on our doorstep you forgot about that well I remember she turned around and drove away didn't slow down didn't even look in the rearview mirror\"Dwilight told him as Jesse looked at Jaden with a betrayed look on his face. \"You and your brother have two people who want to be your friends that's more than you more ever was and both of you could use a friend cause if you guys off on your own you guys are going to end up loosing\"Dwilight told him \"Dwilight shut up and leave us alone\"Jaden yelled at Dwilight as he and Jesse got off the bench and ran to Glen and Annie's house. (Later on that Night) \"You know animals can be unpredicatble and they can misbehave sometimes just like people but it doesn't mean you have to loose faith in them\"Annie told Jesse and he laid in his bed and Jaden say at the end of it. \"So what are we going to do\"Jaden asked Jesse after Annie left the room \"We can go to California Perry's there\"Jesse told him \"We have a chance at a life here with people who care about us and are offering us a home do you really want to give that up just to go to California with Perry\"Jaden asked Jesse seriously as he got his backpack and got out the window \"I guess we're leaving\"said Jaden as he climed out the window[Chapter 9] The Greenwood Street Boys Disclaimer- I don't own Free Willy I do own Jaden Chapter 9 (At the park) \"What happened today you chocked didn't you\"Jesse told Willy \"You see this Willy it's going bye-bye and it's never coming back\"Jesse told Willy as he threw the whistle Rae gave him \"We're out of here we're going to California so you have a good life\"Jesse told him as he and Jaden began to walk away only to be stopped by hearing Whales singing in the ocean nearby the park and Willy crying so they climbed on to the tower that was in the park and they saw four whales singing at Willy \"It's your family\"Jesse told Willy suddenly Jaden saw a light at the bottom of the tank \"There's someone down there in the observation area\"Jaden told Jesse as they headed down to see who was there. When they got down to the observation area they saw Wade and two others with a blowtorch buring on the bolts on the tank then Wade used a hammer to knock the bolt off. \"They made a hole in the tank\"Jaden told Jesse after Wade and the others had left \"We gotta get Randolph come on\"Jesse told Jaden as they ran off to get Randolph \"What are you guys doing here\"Randolph asked them when he opened his front door \"There's a hole in Willy's tank\"Jaden told him \"Dial's trying to collect the insurance money Willy's worth a million dollars\"Randolph told them as they stood the pool of water that was form as the tank lost it's water \"Let's free him\"Jesse told Jaden and Randolph \"What\"Jaden asked him thinking he had misheard him \"Let's free Willy we can take him down the bay and put him back in the water\"Jesse told him \"Dial's trying to kill Willy\"Randolph told Rae when she arrived at the park \"So we're putting him back in the ocean\"Jesse told her \"You three\"Rae asked him \"You're gonna help\"Jaden told her \"This whale is gonna die if he's dried out to long this tank is way beyond repair\"Randolph told Rae as she went to turn on the second water pump \"He's got a family out there we heard them\"Jesse told her when she returned from turing on the water pump \"He's homesick that's why he acts so weird\"Jaden told her finally understand Willy \"Rae they tried to kill him\"Jesse told her \"We have to get him into the bigger tank\"Jaden told Jesse \"Come on Willy\" Jesse told him as he got him into the bigger tank using a fish \"Jesse\"Randolph yelled at him as he jumped into the tank with Willy \"Jesse get out of there\"Jaden yelled at him \"He's not going to get into the net unless I help\"Jesse told him With that said Jesse helped Willy get into the net and Randolph lifted the net up with the forklet and placed it on a rifle trailer. \"How are we gonna pull him\"Randolph asked them \"Glenn's truck\"Jaden told him knowing that Glenn wasn't using his truck With that said Jesse and Randolph went to get Glenn's truck to pull Willy \"Jesse and Jaden aren't here they're things are gone\"Annie told Glenn as he was on the phone with the police reporting his stolen truck \"Jesse Jaden this is Glen if either one of your are there anwers me\"Glenn said into the radio of his auto repair shop knowing that there was another radio in the truck \"You're gonna be okay\"Jesse told Willy as he and Jaden sat on either side of him \"Jesse we won't let anything happen to him\"Rae told him As they drove through the old forest road they came to a stop a fallen tree was in the way as Randloph back the truck up it began to slip on the dirt so they decided to move it forward evenutally they decieded that they needed help so Jaden called Glenn and Annie. When they arrived to where Jesse and Jaden were Jesse begged Glenn to help him \"Glenn help us and I'll do anything\"Jesse told him \"What is it that you think I want from you jesse\"Glenn ask him \"I don't know I don't know what you want from me look I gotta look out for Willy and I gotta do what's best for him just like Jaden looks out for me understand\"Jesse told him while he moved to stand by his brother \"There's a 10-foot length of chain and a winch control behind the seat of the truck go and get it\"Glenn told Jesse \"Thanks Glenn it means a lot to him\"Jaden told him \"Annie move your car and lock it up\"Glenn told her after they had moved the fallen tree As they stopped at a car wash to spray willy with water to get him wet Dial and his men went ahead and reach the marina as they reached the marina Jaden and Jesse noticed Willy getting weak \"We gotta hurry he's not doing so good\"Jesse told Rae and Randloph and they told Glenn \"Please Glenn hurry\"Jesse yelled at Glenn \"You're gonna be okay\"Jaden told Willy \"Hurry Glenn\"Jaden yelled at Glenn \"Go for it\"Annie told Glenn as he stepped down on the gas After Glenn stepped down on the gas and broke through the gate Jesse Jaden Randolph and Rae got willy into the water and got him off the net but he wasn't moving \"Randolph why isn't he moving you said when we got him in the water he'd be okay\"Jesse asked him with tears in his eyes \"I don't know jesse he's been out of the water a lot longer than we thhought\"Randolph told him \"Come on Willy\"Randolph told him as Wade and others got closer \"Go Willy get out of here\"Jesse told him as Wade grabbed Jaden and Jesse \"Go Willy\"Jesse told him as Wade pulled him away \"Let me go get off\"Jaden told Wade as he kicked him and he released Jesse \"Jesse tell him to go\"Jaden told Jesse as he swam back to Willy \"Let go of my boy\"Glenn told Wade as he punched him and he released Jaden \"Come on go\"Jaden told Willy as he joined Jesse in getting him to leave \"Go Willy leave good boy I love you Willy\"Jesse told Willy as he back to swim out to the ocean \"He's not gonna make it\"Jaden told Jesse when they saw boats sailing out with nets falling into the water \"Jesse come on let's go\"Jaden told him \"Where are we going\"Jesse asked him \"We're gonna get him away from the nets and help him get over that wall\"Jaden told him \"Why are you helping me\"Jesse asked him \"Because you're my brother and i know how much he means to you\"Jaden told him as they began running away from Glenn's truck \"Come on Willy Come on boy follow us to breakwater\"Jesse yelled to Willy as they ran along the shore \"Come on Willy get away from those nets\"Jesse yelled to Willy as they got closer to the breakwater \"He can be free all he has to do is jump this wall\"Jaden told Jesse as he got up and began to run along the wall with Willy following \"I know you can do it boy I know you can jump this way you can be free come on you can jump it\"Jesse told Willy \"Randolph you ever see him jump that high\"Rae asked him as they saw what jesse was doing \"Things can happen\"Randolph told her \"SA-LA-NA A-YOONG I-ASIS\"said Jesse as willy went under water to get speed to do the jump and jesse did the signal for Willy to jump \"SA-LA-NA A-YOONG I-ASIS\"Randolph said when he saw what Jesse was doing \"We'll see him again Jess\"Jaden told him as he reached him at the top of the wall after Willy had jumped over it \"Hey guys\"Annie told them as she and Glenn approched them \"Thanks guys\"Jesse told them as he and Jaden ran to them and hugged them \"Let's go home\"Annie told them \"Okay\"Jaden told her as they began to walk back to the truck. After they got back to the truck and they dropped Rae and Randolph at their homes they went home where Glenn and Annie made their placement with them permanent. A/N- Hey everyone this is the final chapter for this story I will begin working on the sequeal after the holidays. Merry Christmas and a happy New Year! ","Summary":" The Greenwood Street Boys Disclaimer- I don't own Free Willy I do own Jaden Chapter 1 Jaden and his"},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"Left in the Dust","Author":"when you scream","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1329655","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Newer Note: Some adjustments have been made. Only minor. To rewrite the chapter would take ages and too much rewriting on everyone else's part. I am a huge Motocrossed fan and I felt that it would be cool to see what could possibly happen if they made a sequel. Please note that I am an extremely mushy person. I hope this is relatively good considering trying to stay in character. Note: Andrea-Andi and Andrew-Andy Chapter 1 Andi's Pov It was only a few months after my racingvictory that I started to get a lot of phone calls. Most of them were fromguys, wondering if they were 'up' for the job. It was Jason who got annoyed with them calling all the time- always requesting to speak to me.[Chapter 2] Chapter two I woke up to the annoying sound ofrnmy alarm clock going off. I'm sure everyone knows that sound very well. Anyway,rnI stopped the dreaded noisemaker before it game me a headache. I accomplishedrnthis feat by throwing it out the window; might I add that it's a real effectrnmeasure. Once I solved the root of the ringing in my ears problem, I exited myrnroom and headed towards the bathroom. \"Hey Andi. What are you up to?\"rnJason asked, yawning as he walked towards his older sister still in his nightrntime attire. \"Not a whole lot, Jas. But I'mrnplanning on going out tonight with Tory to get my mind off of racing and allrnthe pressures that come with it.\" I sighed and knew that Jason was a smart boy;rnhe would catch on fast. He blinked repeatedly at me inrnconfusion. \"Oh,\" he finally replied. \"Does this have anything to do withrnsomeone who's name begins with a d and ends with a n?\" Jason teased. \"Maybe,\" I retorted, walkingrnstraight past him. At this rate I was going to get nowhere fast; I was alreadyrnfalling behind. As you may have noticed, I can live on only taking ten minutesrnto get ready, so I only set my alarm fifteen minutes ahead; I had to make thernsmall talk stop with Jason. There simply wasn't anymore time to chat. \"Jason, Irngot to go. I'm going to be late and you know how impatient Tory is,\" I babbledrnas I closed the bathroom door behind me. \"Yeah, ok. But, I have a question,\"rnJason asked, leaning against the door. \"Shoot,\" I shouted, brushing my teeth. \"Um, what would you say to me if I told yournthat Tory was hot?\" he exclaimed. \"I guess I'd probably laugh and shrug it off.rnI'd also call you crazy. Tor has a boyfriend, Jason. So I don't think it wouldrnbe very nice if you keep hitting on her every time she comes over,\" I chuckled,rnmaking sure he heard me loud and clear. \"Ah, this is going to suck. I won't hit on herrnfor a price,\" Jason suggested into the awkward silence. \"Brother dearest, I have a feeling that thisrnis going to be something huge at stake. You know, I really shouldn't be riskingrnanything. I have my career to think about and I'm not paying you to keep yourrnmouth closed,\" I fussed. \"Oh Andi! That isn't what I meant,\" Jasonrnstumbled for his words. \"What I'm trying to say is that I want you to tell Deanrnyour feelings and the we're even.\" \"Jason, I like your ambition but I'm going tornhave to turn you down. Dean is all a part of my past. We are only strictlyrnfriends. Dad even said that I can't date until I'm eighteen. So it would be arnwaste of my time to tell him that I could possibly like him and then I can'trndate him. You just don't understand how bad I fell,\" I continued babbling,rntrying to catch my breath as I picked up a brush to tame down my wild hair. \"Ok, Andrea. I'll just go away because all ofrnthis love talk- well ah, my line won't work. Yes, I think I'm gonna hurl,\" hernreplied, using his fake French accent. \"So I see you still aren't over Renée, Irnstifled my laughter at the thought of that guy. He had a nasty tempter and wasrna womanizer. No one would hire him after the way dad exposed him for being arnfake and dirty rider. Renée had seen the last of racing motocross races. I smiled as I looked at my reflection in thernmirror; I was still the same girl but by now my hair had grown to my shoulders.rnMy look screamed clicked but I shook that thought out of my head; I was gettingrnbad and judging myself. Time was definitely not on my side, so Irnopened the bathroom door to the vacant hall. I blinked and wondered if thernwhole thing was my imagination running wild. There was not a trace of a singlernhuman being. As I approached my door, I heard two voicesrnarguing down the halls. The only thing that I could make out was that they werernboth masculine. The bickering continued so I became a bit nosey and I lookedrninto my brother's room. He was having a chat with- wait, it was Dean. My breathrnimmediately caught in my throat and I leaned against the door to see what wasrngoing on. \"Man, I know you like my sister but you can'trngo behind my father's back and do so. Believe me, if I could change that thenrnwe wouldn't be having this conversation. I would be willing to do anything forrnmy twin,\" Andy responded. \"Irnguess you're right. You see, I just can't- Irntook this as my cue to leave; I had already heard too much information and Irnwas eavesdropping. What was happening to me? I sighed and found a nice pair ofrnjeans and a long sleeved shirt. The weather was absolutely perfect to wear thatrnensemble. I was rudely interrupted by a knock on myrndoor. \"Come in,\" I called with my back to the door.rnWhen I turned around, I felt like a child all over again. Dean was standingrnright there in front of me as I was bent over. I blushed a deep shade of redrnand waited for him to say something. \"Um, I was wondering if you want to practice arnbit later? One of the bikes just doesn't feel right,\" Dean answered quietly. \"Sure, but I'm going out with Tory tonight sornit might have to be tomorrow,\" I replied without any remorse. Why was itrnsuddenly so easy to talk to him? Maybe it was because he was such an awesomernguy that I had no worries towards him. \"That'll be fine. I guess I'll go and talk tornJason and see what he thinks,\" Dean mumbled, as he smiled and closed my doorrnbehind him. Sadly, a smile appeared on my face; that guyrncould not keep me from smiling and I absolutely loved the attention. I guessrnthat was the way you feel with two brother's around all the time. I'm justrntreated as another one of them, so when I get special attention it makesrnmy day. I headed downstairs and plopped down on one ofrnthe couches; I was still wrecked from my nape earlier. Yawning a few times, Irnnoticed that I wasn't alone. Well not really, anyway. Dean was asleep on thernother couch with grease covered on his face and his pants. Oddly, I thought hernlooked so cute. Guys who could get down and dirty were definitely my type. The clock struck the appropriate time and Toryrnwas right there on the dot. And I didn't even get to the door. Jason had beatrnme to it. So, I decided to do something that would scare the household and Irntook a pillow over to the couch that Dean was on and I closed my eyes as I gotrnsituated with the little room. If I disturbed him, the whole plan would bernruined. A few moments later, a voice literallyrnscreamed and Dean jumped up at exactly the same time I did. Immediately Irnturned bright red; damn. There was no way out of this situation, but nothingrncould have made me feel bad. A huge grin was plastered across his face. Tory and the rest of the householdrnwent into another room and I was left alone with Dean. Sometimes I just can'trnexplain how I feel when I'm around him. It makes my teenage years the bestrnyears of my life. Well, so far anyway. Dean cleared his throat and brokernthe silence. \"So, how did you get over here?\" he asked. \"Um, I was plotting something against Tory.rnApparently she had to go egg roll and wake you up in the process. See, sherntalks about you and I all the time so I was going to play a little game withrnher,\" I replied as I sat up to face him. \"Really?\" he asked as he got closer. \"And whatrnexactly were you trying to imply?\" he asked softly, his smile getting wider. \"Um, you can figure that out for yourself,\" I teasedrnand my heart sped up as he got closer and closer to my face. Then it happened. A/n: Normally I would have left the old note in, but I just wantedrnto say that I'm going to finish chapter three within the hour so all thernchapter's flow together. And if your curious, I'll update much sooner than lastrntime.[Chapter 3] FYE: This will continue to be written in Andrea's POV. Sorry for the delay. Chapter 3 Dean leaned down and kissed my forehead with a wet, sloppy kiss. \"What was that for?\" I asked, wondering why Dean was acting all mushynaround me. \"I just wanted to give you something,\" he replied huskily. \"Oh,\" I deadpanned. \"I don't meant to cut this conversation short, but Inpromised Tory that we get going so we could hang out with at the movies. Inthink it'll be pretty boring since she is dragging her pesky brother, but Inguess it could be worse.\" I waved by to Dean and I was about to leave whennI felt his hand on my shoulder. \"Would you like some company?\" My eyes lit up. He wanted my company. \"Umm, sounds like a plan. I'm justngoing to tell my parents that I'm leaving and we'll see how things go fromnthere.\" Dean nodded. I waltzed into the kitchen with a smile of my face. Andy and Jason werenboth fighting over which bikes were better. Boy, brothers sure could benamusing. Smiling, I decided to interrupt my parents little quarrel. \"Mom, dad, I'm going to the movies with Tory,\" I nearly shouted so thatnthey could hear me. \"Ok, honey,\" my mom, replied as she wrapped me into a hug. \"Be safe.\" Innodded. My mother could be so annoying but I still loved her because shenwas her. I shook me head as I thought about how stupid I must have sounded. \"Oh and Andrea,\" my father called. I froze at the recognition of my wholenname. \"Yes?\" \"Take your cell phone with. You know, just incase of emergencies,\" henreplied, fumbling for his words. \"Sure thing.\" I frowned slightly as I thought about how protective mynfather had been lately. Dean was our new 250 rider and frankly, my dadnwasn't very happy that he had 'interests in me.' But, my dad was my dad. Instill loved him all the same. He really loved me and that was what matteredneven if the protective part came with it. Plus, I had Andy to handle thatnproblem. I grabbed my cell phone from the charger and stuffed into my sweatshirtnpocket. \"Ready?\" I questioned. The group all nodded and began piling outnthe door. First, it was Steve, Tory, Dean, and then myself. It wasncomforting to be behind him because then I didn't have to be behind Steve.nI hated Tory's brother. He had been trying to claim me ever since my fame.nHe would interrupt our conversations and openly flirt with me. Damn. Thisnboy was definitely going to be trouble for me. \"Hey, are you okay?\" Dean asked as we began walking down the street. \"Huh? Oh yeah. I guess I'm fine,\" I replied. My answer didn't convince menthough. I was engrossed in the thought of Steve and how I itched to getnracing again. Racing had become a huge part of my life, and cheerleadingnwas just a hobby. Sadly, I had to quit the team to keep up with the hecticnschedules. The sad thing was that I could never pick between the two. Itnwas more that my father made the decision for me. \"Ok.\" Dean backed off and remained disturbingly quiet. \"So, how did you get into racing?\" I asked; we were falling farther behindnbecause Tory and Steve ran into a bunch of their friends. We were longnforgotten. \"Long story,\" Dean replied shortly. \"Ok...\" I paused and looked at the ground. \"How old are you?\" \"Nineteen,\" he exclaimed tiredly. \"It must be nice to be dependent,\" I said, not even realizing I said itnaloud. \"Not really. I have this horrible day job and I have my own apartment,\"nDean added. \"Oh.\" Dean kept confusing me. It seemed like he was going to talk and thennhe'd mysteriously shut up. Something was definitely wrong with this boy.nWhy was he so quiet? \"Is something wrong?\" I asked him. \"No,\" he replied coldly. \"Fine,\" I stated, it was just best to give up now before I really upsetnhim. %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% \"What are we going to see?\" I asked, stuffing my hands into my pockets. \"Hollywood Homicide or Legally Blonde 2,\" Tory raved. \"Hmm, an action or chick flick?\" I thought a loud. All the boys looked at Tory and I with pleading eyes. \"What?\" Tory asked. \"Please don't make us see a chick flick,\" Dean whined. \"I don't know....\" All of the men groaned before I could object. \"Ya know, if you guys would shut up for a minute and listen to my wholenstatement then you feel happy that I've chosen Hollywood Homicide for yournbenefit.\" \"Thank you,\" I heard a few of them mutter. I just shook my head and turnednto face Dean. He was back to being quiet again. Was I missing something? Instopped thinking and I trudged off to buy my own ticket and a snack ornsomething. Patiently waiting in line, I saw Dean slowly approach me. \"Hey,\" he murmured. \"Um hi,\" I replied uneasily. \"Can I sit by you?\" \"Sure. Why?\" \"Those people are driving me crazy. You are more fun too.\" I laughed at Dean. \"I know, but that is the best part of being friends withnthem. They liven up boring life sort of like my brothers. There is never andull moment in the Carson house.\" \"I can believe that.\" I punched him playfully on the arm. \"Let's get to the movie before we missnthe beginning.\" Dean muttered an 'okay' and we walked into the dark movientheatre. %%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%% Halfway into the movie, I felt Dean's arm wrap around me. I turned to facenhim smiling at me. \"What?\" I asked. \"Nothing.\" \"Ok.\" We got back to the movie without further interruptions until he putnhis hand over mine. Then, our fingers entwined and I looked at himnquestionably. He squeezed my hand lightly and brought my hand up to hisnface as he kissed it. I giggled, causing the rest of the group turn to seenour public display of affection. We were only friends, right? Well, I guessnthat was what I thought. \"I really like you,\" Dean replied leaning against me. \"Really?\" \"Yeah. You are everything my perfect dream woman is supposed to be,\" hensaid in a low voice. \"Aww, Dean. Please do not start with the cheesy pick up lines.\" \"Why not?\" \"Because they are staring to work on me.\" &&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&& A/n: Arghh! I just needed to let out frustration. Anyway, I'll keep thisnshort. I haven't been on the computer much and therefore my updates will benpretty sparingly until I have some more free time this summer. Thanks to all my reviewers for motivating me to continue. I promise thatnit'll get into racing soon and then we'll all be happy lol.[Chapter 4] A/n:rnOops! I apologize for the late update. I just have been so busy during thernsummer and with school that I didn't have any free time to really update. Irnhope this will please you all. Chapter 4 Andrea smiled up at Dean asrnhe suddenly leaned closer and closer towards her. Without any warning, shernsuddenly pulled him away and got up out of her seat, desperately looking for arnway to get home. She couldn't betray her father; he had warned her that goingrnout with Dean was going to ruin her chances at turning pro. Sure, she reallyrnliked Dean, but her father's angry and annoyed tone kept ringing in her ears.rnWhat was she to do? Then, she just broke into tears at the realization of howrnlate it truly was. She had quite a way to walk home, alone. In a city that hadrnhigh mugging, with old, ugly men who enjoyed chasing down young females. Herrnstomach wretched at the thought and Andrea jumped as she felt a pair of armsrnencircle around her body. Just from the scent, she knew it was Dean. Rather shernliked it or not, she was going to have to tell him the truth. \"Are you ok?\" he questioned,rnhugging her tightly to him. \"Did I do something wrong?\" \"I'm fine Dean. I just can'trnhave anything more than a platonic relationship with you. You understand thatrnmy father knows best in this situation. I really do like you, but you're myrnpartner! We'd screw up our lives if we decided to have a romantic relationship.rnCan you imagine how bad things will get?\" she snapped, coldly staring out atrnthe mugginess of the night. \"I don't understand you AndrearnCarson. Why does it matter what your father thinks?\" he groaned, turning herrnaround to face him. \"Because I love my father and hernis my whole life. I'm not about to ruin the relationship I have with him for arnboy,\" she retorted angrily. \"Forget this!\" Dean yelled,rnunwrapping himself from a confused Andrea. \"I love you so god damn much and yournjust sit there and toss me out like a bag of garbage. Maybe I should havernlistened to your father.\" Before Andrea could respond, he took off down thernstreet, extremely angry with how she had been acting towards him. DEAN I couldn't believe howrnAndrea had just basically told me to go! Since when was she so emotionallyrnwrecked? Was it because of her father? Whatever it was, I just couldn't stayrnthere anymore in fear of crying or saying something I'd regret. I mean, sure, Irnhad already said that 'I loved her' but I wasn't ready to admit that to herrnyet. So I guess that's my reasoning for running away like a coward. I knew thatrnshe was right about the friend thing but I wasn't man enough to admit that tornmyself or even her. Andrea had brightened my world so much and the first timernwe met (as she was Andy) I knew we'd bond immediately. It even crossed my mind how shernhad given me her N Sync tickets so I could be happy and go on my date. Now, howrnmany loyal friends would do something like that? Exactly. There were only arnselect few willing to do that for you. But, Andrea was one of my best friendsrnand I loved being around her family, but I knew I was going to have to stayrnaway from her for a while until I was sure we could keep a platonic friendship. Walking down the street, I heardrnthe sound of footsteps crashing against the pavement. If I would have been in arnbetter mood, I would have turned around to see who it was, but I was extremelyrnstubborn and I kept walking. \"Dean!\" I heard a familiar voicernshout. I froze in my tracks. Was Irnready to confront her so early? \"I'm sorry,\" she cried, grabbingrnmy left wrist. \"I never meant to make you angry, but I really like you and Irndon't know what my father would think. His opinion matters greatly to me.\" Something in me had snapped. AndrnI was usually never one to snap. \"Come on Andrea! That man practically owns yournand you won't do a thing without him. Why don't you just do what you want forrnonce?\" I asked, thinking of how much I was starting to dislike her father. She just stood thererndumbfounded. \"Wh-wh-How could you think such a thing?\" she countered, comingrnback to reality. I shook my head. \"You'll neverrnunderstand, Andrea, will you? Your father is trying to control you because ofrnhis distaste for me. He thinks I had sex with you! What do you say to that? ANDREA I wasn't quite sure how Irnwas supposed to react to his last comment. My father would never think such arnthing of me. He loves me, didn't he? Right then, right there, I had thisrnfeeling that made we want to break down and cry. My father had always assumedrnthe worst and looked at Andrew and Jason as his favorites. That's how it's beenrnlately. I just wondered why it had taken me so long to realize how he was usingrnme. \"I'm sorry Dean. Even with myrnfather like this, I'd just rather continue going to my psychiatrist and gettingrnmy life back on track. Besides, everyone's movie should be over soon. Maybe werncan just work out this problem tomorrow. We can work on the bikes?\" I added He smiled at me. \"That soundsrnnice. Make sure your brothers are there so your father doesn't murder me.\" Irnnodded my head. \"Goodnight Dean.\" Silence. Great. Now he wasn'trneven talking to me. What had I done to deserve this? Sighing, I was about tornturn away when he grabbed my arm and pulled me towards him in a passionaternkiss. At that moment, sparks flew but then our crew of friends came barrelingrnout of the theatre with shocked expressions on their faces. It looked like wernwere going to have a lot of explaining to do. The two stood there with blank expressions on theirrnfaces, planning to ignore their group of friends that were sending them deathrnglares. Instead, they embraced themselves and started kissing each other again.rnBoy, there were going to be serious after effects after this. \"What in the hell do you thinkrnyour doing?\" Tory exclaimed, pulling us apart. They both stood there withrnsmiles on their faces. This was going to be a lot of fun. A/n:rnDon't hate me for cutting it off there. I just wanted to post and give you guysrnsomething since I sat down in one sitting and got this done. Hope it's okay andrnthanks for all of the reviews. I appreciate them greatly.[Chapter 5] A/n: I'm sorry! School makes it so hard to update, but Irntold you that once I got back on track that I'd start updating more frequently,rnI hope. So, please read and review if your interested in another chapter… ok? Chapterrn5 Dean wrapped his arm aroundrnAndi, trying to keep her from shaking due to the cold. Their group of friend'srnapproached the two and sent them deathglares. Obviously Tory wasn't really arnhuge fan of Dean, for whatever reason that may have been. Instead, they justrncontinued to gawk at Dean and Andi. \"What are you doing AndrearnCarson?\" Tory screeched. \"Can you imagine what Mr. Carson is going to do tornboth of you?\" Andi laughed; Tory was takingrnthings a little too seriously. The kiss was meant to be fun, it didn't meanrnthat they were a couple or anything. Once again, a few of the group started tornwalk off, leaving the two behind, including Tory. Surely nothing good was goingrnto come out of this . \"Um, Dean … why don't we go tornmy house and practice our racing strategy for tomorrow?\" Andi asked shyly. \"Sure, we have to make Mr.rnCarson look good. Plus, I still have some unfinished business to take care of.rnAnd you need all the tips you can get,\" Dean teased. \"Hey,\" she retorted, lightlyrntapping him on the arm. \"That's low. I'm a girl, shouldn't you respect me andrnnot tease me,\" she pouted. \"I guess so. Let's go.\" The twornwalked off, knowing that they had a lot of practice to get done. Also, Andrearnknew she was going to be bombarded with questions; she was sure that Tory wouldrnspill the beans and tell Mr. Carson. It was a flaws of Tory's; but the girl wasrnAndi's best cheerleader friend. She had no reason to betray her, right? Well,rnthat's what Andi kept telling herself. Grabbing Dean's hand, they quietlyrnwalked together down the street, afraid to ask anything at all. Theirrnfriendship had had a rocky start, but maybe they could build their friendship. Once they arrived at the house,rnAndi and Dean entered the side door so that they could walk straight throughrnthe kitchen and get some water and snack before they pulled an all-nighterrnworking on the bikes and figuring out new strategies. Walking through the door,rnAndi froze in her tracks. Her father was sitting at the table talking to Jasonrnand Andy about racing. There was obviously no way they could avoid each otherrnwithout getting caught. \"Oh, Andrea. Have a good night?\"rnMr. Carson asked his daughter. \"Yeah, could have been better.\" \"Excuse me guys. Need to use thernbathroom.\" Dean headed up the stairs. Well, he didn't have to go to thernbathroom but he figured Mr. Carson was going to make him exit the room soonerrnor later. Andi I looked at my fatherrnapprehensively, glaring at him. Once again, he just had to embarrass me inrnfront of Dean. It was like he was actually trying to keep me away from Dean. Irnmean, it would be very unprofessional if I got into a serious relationship with Dean, but my father wouldn't even understand friendship. Whatrnhappened to the father who had that talk with me? I just couldn't hack it anymore;rna few tears slid down my cheeks. \"Daddy, can we please talk in the livingrnroom?\" He looked at me, annoyed andrnfrazzled. \"Sure darling.\" I cringed at how different hernhad been acting. Was I missing something? Once in the living room, I satrndown on the couch and decided that I would start questioning him before hernstarted getting all worked up for nothing. \"So, are you going to inform me whyrnyou're acting so strange, dad?\" He stared at me awkwardly, \"No. Honey, I don't think I'mrnacting strange. Protective, maybe … but never strange. I know Dean's a greatrnrider but I really don't think you should get involved with someone at his age,rnAndrea.\" I cringed at the way he said myrnwhole name. It was as if he truly despised me for liking Dean beyond thernfriendship barrier. After all, it wasn't like there was a contract that I hadrnto sign about that. And as far as I was concerned, my father wasn't going tornchange that. \"So…\" I trailed. \"How about ifrnyou start acting like the same guy from the race track that day and trust yourrndaughter. Daddy, I know I'm only a teenager and I'm no adult … but you mustrnrespect that if you don't allow me to make mistakes, I'm neverxa0 going to learn anything.\" He glared at me angrily. Onernpoint for me! I had made a point he couldn't retort about. \"And,\" I added.rn\"Dean and I are only friends.\" Oh that did it. He stormed outrnof the room, surprising myself and Jason who had just happened to pass thernliving room, convenient, huh? I laughed and walked towards my brother. \"Yourndon't have to mind daddy's strange behavior. I think the three of us arerndriving him insane,\" I chuckled. \"Probably; after all, I am thernyoungest.\" I slapped him playfully on the arm and he gave me the puppy dog eyesrnand pouted. \"Aww, how about you come andrnhelp Dean and myself out with our bikes and plans? We could use yourrnintelligence Jas,\" I asked, sweetly, pouting back at him. \"Ah, so that's how it goes. Yournuse me for my brain.\" I scolded him. \"Of course not.\"rnI smiled and wrapped my brother in a hug. \"Let's head out now.\" Dean I splashed water on my facernand looked up at the mirror. The person staring back at me wasn't Dean Talon. Irnlooked like the effect of a burned out and old Dean Talon and let merntell you, I was not enjoying it. Sure, I wasn't a teenager anymore, but beingrnin the Carson household a lot lately makes me feel somewhat irresponsible … Herrnfather isn't very understanding and seems to dislike me. It's not like I wouldrngive Mr. Carson a reason to hate me… except. Well, except, for dating AndrearnCarson. If it was possible, I'd love to date her and take her out all the time.rnBut, that wasn't possible and there were so many reasons popping into my headrnand telling me that I couldn't be with her. If I could at least have frienship,rnthen I'd settle for friendship. Sucking it up, I noticed thatrnthe house had grown silent. I walked into the kitchen to see Andy reading arndirt bike magazine. And then, he looked up at me sympatheticially. With all thernarguing I heard upstairs, I was sure Andi and her father had reached arndisagreement. \"Where'd Andi go?\" I asked hesitantly. I didn't want Andrew tornhate me. He was actually growing on me, almost as if he was the little brotherrnI never had. \"In the garage with Jason.rnThey're waiting for you.\" He winked at me and gave me two heads up. Okay, likernI was supposed to know what that meant? I just shrugged it off and thanked himrnas I arrived at the garage… Jason and Andi sounded as if they were bonding andrnshe was talking all giddy. And folks, Andrea Carson never acted like a giddyrngirl. I stopped by the door and listened. Yeah, shoot me. I wasrneavesdropping on her, but I needed to know what was on her mind. Suddenly, arntwinge a guilt flooded my heart and I couldn't go on with it. I don't thinkrnshe'd enjoy if I'd do that to her. Feeling childish, I entered the room andrnthey suddenly grew quiet. Yep, they had been talking aboutrnme. That much was clear from how quickly they stopped talking. \"What are yourntwo doing?\" \"Just working on Andi's trainingrnschedule with school and everything,\" Jason answered. \"Of course you will bernpracticing many times without her, but I think it'll be a learning experiencernto see how well you mesh and work together now.\" I sat down beside Andi. Shernflinched. Alright, way to go Dean! I scared the poor girl to death already.rnScooting in the other direction, I mumbled 'sorry' and listened as Jason beganrnworking on our schedules. A few hours later, Jason had left the garage and wasrnsound asleep in bed. Meanwhile, Andrea and Dean were starting to work on theirrnbikes. \"So, Dean, why don't you tell me something about yourself?\" Andi askedrncuriously. \"What would you like to know?\" he asked, hesitantly. \"I don't know. Maybe something like your favoriterncolor or your favorite childhood memory,\" she suggested. Dean sat there quietly. \"Alright. Well, my favoriterncolor is green and my favorite childhood memory is when my younger brother andrnI were out practicing together. It had been his first time operating a dirtrnbike and he was apprehensive about it. Soon, after I coxed him into it; hernstarted riding like a pro. It was really the first time my brother and I hadrnbonded until…\" He suddenly stopped. He was obviously hidingrnsomething. \"Dean, what is it?\" Andi pried gently. \"How about we keep this a happy memory for now? Irndon't want to remember the past.\" Andi nodded her head. She wanted Dean to be happyrnand not upset with her; he was so sweet when he had that look on his face. Andirnwas sure he had to be a ladies man; what lady would refuse? As Andi fixed one of the problems with her practicernbike, she wiped the sweat pouring off her face. Little did she know that Deanrnhad begun laughing at that act. Surely, he didn't think it was strange orrnunsanitary did he? \"Dean Talon: You better tell me right now what you'rernlaughing about,\" Andi demanded. \"Fine.\" He slowly approached her, grabbing a napkinrnoff one of the work tables. \"You have grease smeared on your face,\" he said inrna low seductive voice. Andi gulped. \"Thank you,\" she whispered as he slowlyrntouched her clean and soft skin with his pointer finger. \"You're welcome.\" There was something different inrnhis eyes, something that Andi couldn't figure out until he quickly leaned inrnand brushed his lips against hers. It was his first real kiss withrnthat amount of passion. He couldn't even believe he could feel so strongly forrna girl. But, all of that changed as they heard a voice clear his throat behindrnthem. Uh oh. A/n: Wow! So sorry for taking so long. I almost would haverntaken a day or two longer to get this chapter up, but I figured that since allrnof you were asking nicely, that you deserved a longer chapter since I haven'trnreally gotten anything productive done. After chapter ten, things willrndrastically pick up and I'll even try and make LONGER chapters. So, pleasernreview and don't kill me for the cliffhanger. It seems to be the only timesrnthat you guys actually review. P.S.rnSorry for changing my pen name again. I'm trying to find something I really,rnreally like.[Chapter 6] A/n: I am soo sorry everyone! School just continues torndrain all of my time away to write at all. But, I'll try my best to keep thisrnstory going and I will eventually finish. I'm not going to give up. I love thisrnstory too much already. Chapter 6 Andi spunrnaround and her mouth widened in shock as she saw her father standing there, hisrnarms crossed over his chest. His facial expression expressed how angryrnhe was to spot his daughter in a very awkward position with Dean. Walkingrnquickly towards his daughter, he grabbed her by the arm and pulled her to herrnfeet. \"Andrea!\"rnhe roared. \"What in the hell were you doing? I swore I told you to stay awayrnfrom him!\" Mr. Carson spat, releasing his grip on his daughter and walkingrntowards Dean. \"And you. I can't believe you had the nerve to disobey me again!\" Dean backedrnup, his eyes flickered a look of sheer terror before he began walking off. \"Mr.rnCarson, excuse me for being so rude but I didn't try anything on your daughterrnthat she didn't want. And I'm sorry I disappointed you. I'll go get my bags.\" With that,rnDean walked out of the garage with both hands in his khaki cargo shortsrnpockets. Meanwhile, Mr. Carson walked back towards his daughter, the fire stillrnin his eyes. He wasn't about to let Andrea get off that easily. He smirked andrnslowly approached his daughter. \"Does Dean tell the truth?\" he asked. ANDI I gulpedrnand looked towards my father. He had a smug look on his face and he knew thernanswer to that damn question; he didn't need me to confirm it. Hesitantly, Irnnodded my head and tried to push by him until he grabbed my arm again .rnThen, he spun me around and I saw the look in his eyes. It broughtrntears to my eyes. What hadrnhappened to my daddy? Without a moment of hesitation, the tears spilled from myrneyes and I cried in pain. Damn. My father was always seeing me crying but Irnthought that my father cared about me more than he let on. He seemed sornemotionless and as if I was just his daughter. After all,rnAndrew had fully recovered a while a go. He actually got first place lastrnweekend and just yesterday he had gotten a letter in the mail to takernplace in some sort of event halfway across the word. I had hoped Andrew couldrngo there, so father could follow him along. Sighing, Irncame back to reality and looked sadly up at the man I had loved my whole life. \"Yes,rnDean tells the truth. But, Daddy, I really like him. Why don't you?\" I asked. He shookrnhis head and looked at me pathetically. Alright, so maybe I didn't much when itrncame to Dean's past, but I was pretty sure that he had never done anything thatrnmy father would disagree with. It wasn't like Dean was going to hurt me. Shit. Whyrnhadn't I thought of it before? Then, hernstarted up again. \"Dean comes from a broken home. He's been in jail a fewrntimes, broken various rules when it comes to driving, and he had been abusedrngrowing up with his father. Honey, I really don't think you should hang aroundrnDean. Abusive-ness is heridetary.\" I shook myrnhead at my father, purely frustrated. He had no right to say those things aboutrnDean. He would never hurt me. Dean was one of the best things going in my life.rnAnd my dumb ass father wasn't going to change that. With few words exchanged, Irnbolted from the garage and ran in the last direction I had seen Dean go. It wasrnimportant I found him. I had so many question to ask. DEAN I was goingrnto run away. There was no use for me here anymore. I had betrayed Mr. Carson'srntrust and I had taken my relationship with Andrea beyond platonic. It hadrnseemed like I was always overstepping my boundaries. After all, I was just arnfuck up. But, thernworst part was that I was going to miss Jason a lot. He reminded me of thernpicture image of my little brother. God, how I've missed him to death … and Irnjust can't see me going back to the Carson household. They probably all hatedrnme by now. I should have pretty much figured out that much. As I wasrnwalking back towards my apartment, I swore I heard my name being called and Irnspun around to see Andi running in my direction. What? How? Immediately I ranrntowards her as I noticed the tears stinging in her eyes. She enveloped me in arnbear hug and began whimpering. \"I'm so sorry. I never knew. I didn't want tornfind out like that,\" she cried into my chest. \"My father is cruel.\" I stoppedrnfocusing on the completely distraught Andi and I tried to figure out what shernwas sorry about. Was I missing something? I froze. She didn't know, did she? \"Andi,rnwhat did he tell you?\" She staredrnup at me for what seemed like an eternity before she began relaying the wholernstory to me. I nearly shit out bricks when she told me. After she finishedrnsaying everything, she suddenly collapsed. In fear, I wrapped my arms tightlyrnaround her and picked her up as I knew my apartment was only around the corner. Later that night. Dean's apartment (still Dean's pov) I shuffledrnaround the bathroom and grabbed most of my stuff, nearly forgetting that I hadrnAndi sleeping soundlessly in the room. There was no way I could just leave herrnthere. I'd feel way too guilty and she needed an explanation since I didn'trngive her one last night. It was time Andrea Carson learned the true spin on me. Walkingrnback towards the bedroom, I noticed that Andrea had managed to kick the coversrnoff of her body and took half of the bedspread off in her dream or nightmare.rnCarefully, I approached her and sat on the edge of her bed. Then, I kissed herrnon the forehead. Almostrnimmediately her eyes opened and her look of pure panic suddenly turned to arnlook of relief. Thank god. I had thought that she was frightened to see me. \"Andi,rnwe really need to talk.\" She nodded her head and I continued. \"I'm leaving. Irnjust can't bear to stick around here anymore. There are way too many badrnmemories and I feel that your father would never let me set foot in your housernagain.\" \"Yeah, that'srntrue. But, I really don't want you to go,\" she pleaded. \"Andrea, I'mrnsorry. I should have never stepped over that platonic level, but I did and nowrnyou'll hate me forever. I simply can't just leave you like I would other girls.rnCan't you please just calm down. Don't make it any harder on yourself.\" \"Shut up!\"rnshe yelled. \"Where are you planning on going?\" I looked uprnat her. \"I don't know. I was thinking Florida. I have a friend down there wherernI can crash at his house and make some cash at some shows down there. Doesn'trnlook like I really have much else of a choice anyway.\" I shrugged my shouldersrnand looked down at my angel. \"Would yourndo me a favor?\" she asked. \"Anythingrnfor you,\" I murmured. \"Will yourntake me with you?\" I snappedrnback to reality. \"Andrea, you don't know how much I'd like you to come alongrnbut your father and your family are here. You have no reason to leave at all,\"rnI murmured, hugging her tightly to my chest. \"You can move on with your lifernwithout me. It'll be ten times better.\" She shookrnher head. \"Look at my arms.\" I pulled uprnher jacket sleeve and gasped. \"Did he do this to you?\" she nodded weakly, herrnstrong façade slowly dying away. \"That stupid bastard! How dare he!\" I snapped,rnpacing through the small area. \"Please letrnme come,\" she whispered in my ear, hugging me from behind. I turned tornface my angel. All of my life I had been making bad decisions and I wasn't veryrnsure if the decision I was making was smart as all. Andrea was still in highrnschool, she wouldn't have a steady flow of cash if she took off with me. But,rnthen again, I was pleased to actually want her to come along. It would havernmade the experience ten times better. \"Fine,\" Irnsaid. My wall had cracked. It looked like Andrea had won this argument thisrntime around. \"Let's get ready.\" ANDI I think Irnwas in heaven. Finally, I was leaving with Dean. I was leaving this hell holernto find a much better life. I'd be getting a new start with the person who hadrngained my trust the most out of everyone. He was simply my life. I loved Dean.rnHoly shit! I was madly in love with that boy. My recentrnrevelations were rather scary. I didn't know if I was overstepping myrnboundaries by loving him. He had always shown the interest in me. Sighing, Irntold Dean that I was going back to my house at midnight and I'd back enough ofrnmy clothes and leave a note for Jason and Andrew. I could only hope that I wasn'trnmaking the biggest mistake of my life. Fallingrnback asleep, I feel into a restless slumber of an awful childhood memory. \" Andrea,rnthis is for boys. Riding a dirt bike and riding in motocross is not for girls.\"rnMr. Carson told his daughter angrily. \"I don't want you hurt and besides, yournaren't good enough to compete with them. You have cheerleading.\" He smackedrnAndrea across the face. \"I hope that I never have to do this again. You betterrnnever set foot on an another dirt bike or track ever again. Irnshuddered and shivered as I came back to reality and woke up, clearlyrnremembering my dream. It was from over the summer when he warned me that therernwould be consequences if I ruined my brother's motocross chances. He made itrnquite clear the other night too. I don't even know if my father is my realrnfather. That dayrnwhen I was talking with my father, right before I won first in the motocrossrnrace, he had seemed very proud of me … it was like he accepted that I was arngirl and could get hurt. But, once he realized that daddy's little girl wasrngrowing up, he figured that keeping Dean away from me was going to make me stayrnlittle forever. He was wrong, very wrong. Squintingrnat the clock, it read 11:05 . I had fifty- five minutes of sleep time.rnSlowly, I rolled on my side and wrapped my arms around Dean. Not believingrnquite how happy he made me … sometime I was going to tell him how much he meantrnto me. A/n: Here is a little present! I know that it's sad andrneverything but Andi is gonna run away with Dean!!! I bet you didn't see thatrncoming. Also, next chapter is probably going to be a conversation betweenrnAndi/Dean and Andi/Andy. So, I figured that since I've started this story sevenrnmonths a go today, that I should give you guys a small preview. You'llrndefinitely love it. Thanks and I hope school gives me some more time guys. I'mrnreally loving this story Dean's eyes fluttered open and hernrolled over to see his angel fast asleep. Quickly, he groaned and jumpedrnup to turn the alarm off. Andi stirred slightly and opened her eyes to see Deanrnin only a pair of boxers. She blushed a bright shade of crimson. \"So, I guess we go,\" she murmured,rngetting off the bed. \"Yeah, I guess,\" Dean supplied. Hernopened up a drawer and began fumbling for some clothes. He had to suck it up ifrnhe didn't want Andrea to notice his nervousness. \"Hey, Dean,\" Andi called fromrnbehind him. \"Yeah,\" he asked softly. \"I love you.\" I'm evil! Keep reviewing and I'll try and update beforernthe new year! Thanks again. Hope things'll go well and that you like my story.rnThis is my favorite one that I'm writing. Sincerely, chocolatekisses13[Chapter 7] Irnchanged the preview from last time a bit.xa0rnMy author's note is at the bottom, so don't necessarily let the lengthrnfool you. Chapter 7 (Andi'srnPOV) The next morning, I remembered waking up to thernconstant sound of an alarm.xa0 I groanedrnand tried to roll over to the other end of the bed, but I had hit somethingrnhard.xa0 Immediately, my eyes shot openrnand I nearly fell off the bed in the process.xa0rnI had completely forgotten that I had stayed at Dean's.xa0 Sometimes I couldn't help but realize howrnmuch of an idiot I was. Yawning a few more times, I gently shook Dean awakernand got off the bed.xa0 I walked over thernmirror above his dresser and sighed once I noticed how horrible my hairrnlooked.xa0 As soon as I dug a brush out ofrnmy purse, I began brushing through my medium length blonde hair, wondering howrnI was ever going to tell Dean what was on my mind.xa0 There was something very important I had to inform him of, but Irndidn't know just I should even bring the topic up. Sighing, I knocked on the bathroom door where he wasrnshaving and patiently waited for him to answer. \"You okay?\" he immediately asked. \"Yeah…\" I trailed off.xa0 \"There's something I need to tell you.\" \"What is it?\" he asked, leaning against therndoorframe. I smiled as I realized how cute his hair looked whenrnit was spiked and it was sticking out in all sorts of directions.xa0 My heart was pounding furiously in my chestrnand I couldn't calm down enough to tell him, but I had to.xa0 There was an even bigger thing buggingrnme. \"Dean, we've known each other for a while, and Irnhave to say that I've really grown attached to you.\"xa0 I paused and tried to delay the time.xa0 \"What I'm trying to say is that I love you, Dean, with all my heart.\"xa0 As soon as the words had poured from myrnlips, I calmed down and looked at him.xa0rnSilence.xa0 Nothing.xa0 He just stood there, a confused look on hisrnface. \"I'm sorry,\" he brushed past me.xa0 \"I can't say those words to you.\"xa0 Dean began filling his suitcases withrnshirts, not bothering to fold them.xa0 Myrneyes began spilling tears at a rapid rate, feeling extremely stupid for puttingrnmy heart on the floor for Dean to stomp on.xa0rnI wouldn't let him remain victorious.xa0rnHe didn't deserve them. \"Well, I'm glad you cleared that up because I can'trnleave with you.\" \"What?\" he asked in shock. xa0\"I thought you wanted to come with me.\" \"Honestly Dean, you don't expect me to believe thatrnyou actually give a damn about me.xa0 I'mrnsorry I wasted your precious time.xa0 Yournbetter get going.xa0 I have my father tornapologize to.xa0 I should have listened tornhim in the start and none of this would have happened in the first place.\"xa0 I stomped past him, slamming the door andrnrunning down the street.xa0 If he hadrnplanned this the whole time then he was surely dead when I told my dad aboutrnthis all. .. \"Daddy!\" I cried as I entered the house and wrappedrnmy arms around him.xa0 \"I'm so sorry.xa0 I should have listened to you in thernstart.\"xa0 I tightened my grip around himrnas he relaxed and hugged me back.xa0rnImmediately, he pulled out of the hug and stared at me long and hard. \"Andrea, what happened?\" he demanded. \"Dean and I had a falling out.xa0 We didn't feel the same way.xa0 I left.xa0rnSimple as that.\"xa0 I looked downrnat the floor, too afraid to face my father.xa0rnI knew that he had been right, and it made me feel like such an idiot inrnfront of him.xa0 My father was a very wisernperson and he had never done a single thing in the world to hurt me, so fromrnthat moment on, I had decided that I'd listen to him.xa0 He was older and wiser, and most of all, he was my father. \"So, you're not leaving with him?\" \"Of course not,\" I cut in.xa0 \"I have a family I love and apparently he's going to find arnfamily of his own.xa0 I guess I neverrnmeant much to him anyway.\"xa0 I sighedrndeeply and started to walk away.xa0 Irnneeded to take a nice ride around the track out front to calm my nerves andrnoverall sadness and feelings of hurt and betrayal.xa0 \"I'm going riding.\"xa0 Withrnthat, I walked outside and entered the garage.xa0rnAs usual, Andrew was working on his bike with Jason and they wererncalculating how much money it would cost for his latest wreck.xa0 I, on the other hand, just ignored them andrngot into my suit. \"Are you okay?\" Andy asked. \"Dean left,\" I squeaked angrily. \"Where to?\" \"Florida… down south.xa0 Somewhere, I suppose.\"xa0 Irnsighed and took a seat on my bike.xa0 Itrnfelt right to be back on it again.xa0rnMaybe I had been stupid to fall for Dean.xa0 We were involved in the same profession and it was obvious hernwasn't looking for a relationship. \"What about us sponsoring him?\" Jason cut inrnharshly. \"I guess he doesn't give a shit.xa0 I mean, I almost went with the asshole untilrnwe got into a fight this morning,\" I yelled, slamming my fist into the bikernseat. \"Wait.xa0 Nornway.xa0 You, Andrea Carson, almost wentrnwith a guy.xa0 What, were you crazy?\"rnAndrew roared, throwing the calculator onto the ground. \"No,\" I answered quietly, \"I was in love.\" - - - A/n: I know this is a shortrnchapter and it took forever, but this is just to get me writing this storyrnagain.xa0 I got a spurt of inspiration andrnI didn't want to leave you all hanging and wait even longer to update, so Irnonly wrote this small piece for chapter seven.xa0rnI'm sorry this chapter is a long time coming, but I never realized howrnmany people actually liked it.xa0 I alsornapologize if this chapter sucks.xa0 It wasrnhard getting back into the feel of fanfiction again.xa0 Anyway, I'd just like to let you all know that I'm not abandoningrnthis story at all. I'llrnnever take seven months again, Laura , and I hope that everyone who likesrnthis story is still reviewing.xa0 There isrna lot that's going to happen…. I have tons of ideas for this story and thernchapters will get longer and more detailed.xa0rnThank you for all your support and your kind reviews… and I guess thosernnot so nice reviews… I essentially write this story for everyone reviewing…rnunlike my views of when I write original fiction. Nikole: yourrncomment really inspired me.xa0 From thisrnstory, I don't think it'd be good enough to publish… but I am writing a fewrnoriginal stories over on fictionpress if you'd like to give them a try.xa0 They are more developed and better than myrnfanfics.xa0 So thank you again forrnflattering me and pushing me to write this chapter. - - - Previewrnfor the next chapter: (more like a bunch of ideas…) Tory will bern reappearing in the story. Andy and Jason try torn make Andi feel better. And the twins dad sitsrn down and has a talk with them.[Chapter 8] A/n: There's a lot of dialogue in this chapter. I'm using that to move things along so that by the tenth chapter that things completely pick up. Expect another update later tonight or tomorrow, so please review for me. I need to know that you guys like the story so far. It may seem sporadic and jumpy, but I don't have time to add a lot of things or things in between. The important chapters will contain that. .::Chapter 8::. Andi's POV. The next morning was almost unbearable to face. It wasn't only coping with the loss of Dean, but now the reality sunk in that I 'had' to find another rider for Carson Racing before the new season of Motocross started up. Running a hand through my hair, I rushed down the stairs, nearly slamming Jason into the wall. \"Watch it!\" I heard him yell as I kept my pace and continued to run down the stairs, hoping to catch my father before he left for work. Catching my breath, I sighed in relief once I saw him still at the kitchen table, reading the newspaper. \"Dad,\" I interrupted. He slowly looked up from his newspaper, eyeing my strangely. \"Yeah?\" \"How long do we need before the new season starts?\" \"A month,\" he shrugged, focusing on the paper. \"Aren't you worried?\" I shouted at him. Maybe my outburst had been uncalled for, but I hated to see my father act all calm, cool, and collected when the same thing was happening to us all over again. I was beginning to feel like our family was jinxed or something because a good incident would seen to follow a bad one, but the cycle kept going and going and going like the Energizer Bunny. \"Of course,\" he stated clearly. \"Andrea, I know you didn't mean to get involved with Dean, and I'm not punishing you for that, but I'm telling you that you better find us a rider before the end of this month or else you're down racing,\" father exclaimed sternly. Seeing this side of him was extremely weird because I didn't like seeing my old father shine through. After the high point of being the first girl to win a Motocrossed event, my father's expectations seemed to grow and grow until I just couldn't please him anymore. It killed me to see him so into this, but I had to admit- there were a few times when I thought it would have been better to quit and throw in the towel. \"Okay,\" I answered passively. \"I'll find another writer.\" \"You sound confident.\" \"I know I can, daddy,\" I told him honestly. \"You may not be very proud of me for losing Dean, but I promise you with all my heart that I'll find you another rider as soon as possible.\" I nearly gagged as I realized how obedient I had sounded during those two lines. Also, it helped that my father pitied me, and if I gave him the puppy dog look- then I had practically won. Folding his newspaper up, he brushed past me, patting my head as he walked through the door. \"Have a good day at school, honey.\" I could barely hear him as he slammed the door shut and I saw mom and Jason walk into the room. The both of them looked suspicious, or maybe it was guilt. Studying them for a few moments longer, I realized that they were up to no good. I shook my head and went back upstairs, knowing that I'd have to deal with yet more school. Picking up the cordless, I called Tory. \"Yellow,\" she responded. \"Hey, I don't know if I can make it to practice after school,\" I started hesitantly, chewing on my lower lip. I didn't know how I was going to tell her things. \"Okay...\" she trailed off, \"but why are you telling me this now?\" \"I have to skip part of school.\" \"WHAT?\" Tory shouted. I held the phone away from my ear, squinting in agony as all I could hear was the shrill scream of Tory's voice. \"I have something really important to fix,\" I told her. \"You can cover for me, right?\" --------------------------------------------------------- It had turned out that I had to do a lot of persuading to get Tory to cover for me, but as I was walking up the steps, wondering what I could to fix things- an idea struck me. As soon as I had called Tory, I got the number of the local track where a lot of the new riders started to play. My plan was really quite simple. Every other day, I'd get a ride to the track and watch each rider carefully until I chose the best. \"Miss Carson,\" a voice boomed. I snapped up, seeing my English teacher hovering over me. \"All morning you've been spacing in and out. I expect that you get your act together,\" she growled, trying to terrify me. I just shrugged my shoulders and tried to think of some good excuses, but I couldn't help but wonder how I was going to pull this off. My plan seemed simple, flawless, but everyone knows that most things don't go off without a hitch. \"Miss Carson.\" I glanced up again... I suppose I spaced out again. I started to bite my lower lip, feeling the entire classes eyes focusing solely on me. \"I'm afraid that I'm going to have to give you detention.\" Shocked, I looked up, seeing pity in her eyes. My English teacher, Ms Wolf had 'always' been my favorite teacher and I didn't see how she couldn't leave me alone and let me go. I guess it never occurred to her that I was in some pretty deep shit right now and everything was riding on me. Of course Ms Wolf wouldn't know about that kind of pressure, she's too busy flirting with the principal. ------------------------------------------- Detention. I couldn't believe that I had actually got my 'first' detention. It was the end of the day, a few students lingered in the halls, and I tried to find Tory, but it was too late. She'd be pissed once she found out about my little accident. The truth was: I wasn't a bad student; I was quite the opposite. The only problem was that I had more than the average teenage girl to deal with. Racing, cheerleading, keeping my friends, trying to cope with Dean leaving, and attempting to change my father. \"Miss Carson, please take a seat,\" a rather young looking male teacher called. \"We've been expecting you. Taking a quick glance of the room, I noticed that there were about six or seven people in the room, but majority were sticking towards the back and a lot looked 'rough around the edges.' I had always been afraid to mingle with people that intimidated me. \"How?\" I said aloud, not realizing that the whole room could hear me. \"Its not important, but I'm a huge fan of Motocorss. You are Andrew's twin, correct?\" I nodded my head enthusiastically, glad that someone in this forsaken school knew about my Motocross career. Well, none of the other students ever believed me. I didn't care if they did or didn't. \"Great.\" He jumped down from his desk and hovered a little too closely to me now. \"Now, that you've found your way to the room, take a seat, and don't ask me for anything.\" Something about him told me that he was one of those guys that thought women were incapable of dominating a male sport. This was going to be one long fucking hour. Slamming my backpack onto the ground, I slid into a seat in the far corner- furthest away from the students and I began reading a bike book I had in my backpack. \"What are you reading?\" I jumped up, my heart pounding a mile a minute. \"A Motocross magazine,\" I told him. He smiled and turned away. That was odd. Really odd. Figuring that detention wouldn't get any better, I closed my eyes and laid my head on the desk. I had so much stress pumping through my veins that I had given myself a pretty bad migraine. Sighing, I tried to clear my mind and fall asleep. Everything else I was worried about could wait until later. For now, I had to find a way home and explain it to mom and dad without them wanting to kill me. I had a bad feeling in the pit my stomach and I groaned. \"I wanna go home. I wanna go home.\" I had never been one to get detention. Seriously, I was a good type of girl, 'who' tried to do the best I possibly could to excel in school and cheerleading. Unfortunately, cheerleading was set on the back burner because I was too busy hiding another secret. No one in my town knew that I raced Motocross. That's probably why I looked down upon because I was a blonde and a cheerleader. Wanting to leave badly, I forced my eyes opened, and took a careful glance at the clock. 45 minutes. How was I going to handle it? -------------------------- Once detention was over, I grabbed my backpack, and hurried out of the room at lightning speed. I 'had' to find a way to the track and still get home for dinner. That left two hours. It took twenty minutes to walk to the track on foot. Then, I'd be able to stick around for five minutes, and I'd have to run all the way home. Things were seriously beginning to look down as I hurried through the parking lot, having no reason to stay on school grounds. I knew no one here who could give me a ride. \"Hey!\" I stopped in my tracks at the sound of a voice calling out to me. Spinning around, I noticed he had been the one who had asked me about what magazine I was reading in detention. \"Yeah?\" \"Do you need a ride somewhere?\" he asked nicely. \"I could use a ride,\" I started nervously, \"but I need you to take me at the Motocross track on 5th and 8th. I have something I need to do there.\" For a moment, he seemed bewildered, but he didn't question my attentions. He held the door open and waited for me to get in. Then he shut it behind him. He was such a gentleman, which was something I wasn't accustomed to. Setting my bag on my lap, I leaned my head against the seat, hoping that Tory wasn't about to kill me. I knew she probably called my house about ten times, wondering where the hell I was. I felt extremely guilty. Closing my eyes, I hoped the ride would end really soon. A/n: Yay, a new chapter is up. I appreciate reviews- that way you can expect another chapter sooner than this update. I can be a procrastinator and I'm sorry for that. I hope a lot of you guys are still sticking around because I'd hate for this story to be abandoned because I'm a horrible updater. ChocolateKisses13[Chapter 9] A/n: I apologize for my lack of updates. My computer was down for a while, and I couldn't update when I wanted to, and this chapter got put onto the back burner with school. I'll try not to let that happen, but now my monitor is dying, so I don't know for how much longer that I'll be able to update. Chapter nine \"Do you need me to stay?\" he asked, interrupting my thoughts. I shook my head. It was awkward enough asking him for a ride, and it wasn't necessary for him to baby-sit me when he had other things to do. Besides, guys could be really impatient, and it would take me a few hours to see if there were any decent riders there or not. \"Okay, but I choose to stay.\" He quietly followed behind me, not uttering a single word as I lead us into the track, taking a seat on the bleachers. Racers were messing around, doing crazy jumps and flips, wanting to show off. I rolled my eyes. It was only because they saw me, the one and only Andrea Carson. Guys had been all over me, contrary to what most thought. I suppose they liked a girl who enjoyed getting down and dirty. \"Ugh. There are such pigs,\" I muttered under my breath. \"You wouldn't even know. They're usually worse than that,\" he told me sincerely. \"I guess that's somewhat believable…\" I trailed. \"Guys really do have a one track mind. I know that from first hand experience.\" I immediately clamped a hand over my mouth. Spilling my guts to a stranger was stupid and uncalled for. I wasn't about to throw my problems on someone else. Besides, no one needed to know that Dean and I weren't on speaking terms anymore. \"What are you saying?\" \"What does it sound like I'm saying?\" I harshly shot back. \"You know something I don't know.\" He shrugged his shoulders, not bothering to even pay any attention to me. I could hardly blame him. After all, I was the one being a bitch because I was still bitter over Dean. The reputation of my family was in my hands, and I wasn't quite sure if I could handle the pressure. \"Precisely. That's how I want it to say.\" \"Why did you even bring it up then?\" he fired at me. \"I don't know,\" I told him honestly. \"I spoke too soon. I didn't mean to even mention it. It just, sort of slipped out.\" My cheeks slightly flushed, and I diverted my attention back to the track and the riders. I had some fish to fry, and I wasn't going to live until it was completely done. A few hours later, most of the riders were packing up- dirty and sore. I tried to catch up with a few, but they just gave me the roundabout answer every time. No guy dared to speak to me. I suppose Andrew was behind that. He was the typical twin brother that looked out for his sister, warning the guys of what would happen if they fucked with me. ","Summary":" Newer Note: Some adjustments have been made. Only minor. To rewrite the chapter would take ages and"},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"Is it true?","Author":"CCinderellaa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1779885","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N:I updated this chapter a bit, by correcting some misspelled words, adding a couple of words, and fixing that darn verb tense! :-) So, hopefully its better. Disclaimer:I don't own the movie motocrossed or the characters. Disney does. Chapter 1 It was one week before the start of school. The sun was shining and it was a perfect day. Andrea Carson (Andi for short) was pushing her bike toward the garage to be put away for the day. Then someone called her name from the house. \"Andrea! Telephone!\" Mrs. Carson yelled. \"One sec, mom! I just want to put my bike in the garage!\" When she entered the garage, she saw Dean and her twin brother, Andrew working on their bikes. When they saw her come in Andrew said,\"Hey sis! How'd your run go?\" \"Pretty good,\" she answered putting her bike in the corner and taking her helmet off. She then turned and saw Dean smile at her and she smiled back just knowing she was blushing. \"Well, I have to go. Mom said someone's on the telephone for me,\" Andrea said. When Andrea was out of ear shot, Andrew said to Dean,\"So, are you going to ask her out or what?\" Dean back to reality. He said,\"What?\" \"Come on, man,\" Andrew said,\"It's obvious that you like my sister.\" \"Really? You can tell?\" Dean asked. \"Yea, man. I can,\" Andrew said. They then continued working on the bikes. In the kitchen, Andrea took the phone from her mother. \"Hello?\" she said into the receiver. \"Hey Andrea, it's Kelly!\" \"Hey, Kelly. What's up?,\" said Andrea. \"Not much, I was just wondering what time you wanted me over for our sleepover?\" asked Kelly. \"Uum, lets see..its 4:00pm now right? So how about 6:00pm?\" \"Sure that sounds great. I'll see you then!\" \"Bye!\" Then they both hung up. \"Was that Kelly?\" Mrs. Carson asked. \"Yea, she just wanted to know when she could come over,\" Andrea said. \"Ok. Andi, your hair is starting to grow nicely,\" Mrs. Carson said admiring Andrea's hair. Andrea's hair wasn't as short as it was when she cut it. It was around her mid neck. \"Yea, well, I'm going to take a shower and get out of these motocross clothes,\" Andrea told her mom,\"And then I'll get everything ready for when Kelly comes over..like clean my room...\" \"Ok, good, your room is a mess,\" Mrs. Carson replied. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ A/N Thats the first chapter! The next chapter will be longer (hopefully) and more exciting. This chapter is more of an introduction chapter. :-) rPlease review![Chapter 2] A/N: I fixed the mistakes in this chapter too. Such as spelling mistakes and the verb tense (thanks for letting me know Beth Smith! Disclaimer: I do not own the movie Motocrossed or any of the characters. The Disney Channel does. :-) Chapter 2 Andrea stood in front of her mirror in her room and fixed her hair. There wasn't much she could do with it. Her hair was starting to grow, but she still missed her long hair. She was wearing jeans and a light blue tank top with light blue sandels. 'I hope Dean stays for dinner,' Andrea thought. Andrea looked over at her alarm clock which said 5:45 PM. 'Kelly will be here in about 15 minutes, I think I will go down stairs and wait for her,' Andrea thought. When she got to the living room she saw that Dean, Jason and Andrew were on the couch watching TV. \"So, whatcha guys watching?\" Andrea asked as she sat on the arm of the couch next to Andrew. \"Just some motocross videos,\" Andrew told her. \"You want to watch with us?\" asked Dean smiling at her. \"Just until Kelly gets here, which should be soon. Kelly isn't into motocross much,\" Andrea said. Mrs. Carson strolled into the living room and said,\"Dean, did you want to eat dinner here?\" \"Sure, Mrs. Carson,\" answered Dean. \"Ok, I'll set two extra places. One for you and one for Kelly,\" Mrs. Carson said. ~Ding Dong~ The door bell rang. \"That must be Kelly!\" Andrea said as she jumped off the arm of the chair and went to go answer the door. \"Hi Kelly,\" Andrea said when she opened the door. \"Hi Andrea,\" Kelly said. Kelly was tall, and slim with long, light brown hair. \"Come on, lets bring your sleeping bag up to my room,\" Andrea told her. The two girls then walked up the stairs and went to Andrea's room. When they got to Andrea's room, Andrea said,\"We are going to have fun tonight! We can talk all night, give each other facials, and watch movies.\" \"Yeah that sounds fun. For a girl who like motocross you really have a girly side,\" Kelly told her. \"Yeah, well, lets go downstairs. Dinner should be ready soon,\" Andrea said. Then the two girls went downstairs and Andrea bumped into someone at the bottom of the stairs. \"Oh, hey Dean. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to bump into you,\" Andrea said blushing a little. \"Its ok, Andi,\" Dean said smiling. They stood in silence for a bit. \"Oh yeah! Dean this is my best friend Kelly. Kelly, this is Dean,\" Andrea introduced them. \"Hi,\" Kelly said. \"Nice to meet you,\" said Dean,\"Well, I'll see you girls later.\" Then Dean walked by them and went in the direction of the downstairs bathroom. Kelly then turned to Andrea and said,\"Hey, he is very good-lookin'! Man, I am so going to learn motocross....\" Andrea wanted to tell her that she likes him and to back off but instead went,\"No offense Kell, but I can't see you riding a dirtbike.\" \"Yeah, you are right about that one..\" Kelly said. \"Supper is ready everyone!\" yelled Mrs. Carson from the kitchen. In the kitchen, Andrea sat next to Jason, and Kelly sat next to her. Across from them sat Andrew. Mr. and Mrs. Carson sat at the each head of the table. Then Dean came in and sat on Andrew's left. \"So, how was everyone's day?\" Mr. Carson asked serving himself some mashed potatoes. \"I tried to find an appliance around the house and try and take it apart and put it together in record time but mom caught me..\" Jason said taking a piece of chicken and eating it. Everyone laughed at this. \"Jason, maybe you should find something else to do with your time,\" said Mrs. Carson. \"Well, school starts next week. So, I'll have less time to take apart the household appliances,\" said Jason. Andrea kept looking at Dean to see if he was looking at her. He seemed to be concentrating hard on his food. Then she looked over at Kelly and she was staring right at Dean. She tried not to make it look like she was mad, but she was kind of. She looked back over at Dean who was still absorbed in his food. After dinner, Andrea, Kelly, Andrew, and Dean all went to the living room to watch a movie. Andrea really hoped to sit next to Dean but Kelly got the before she did. \"So, what does everyone want to watch?\" asked Andrew. \"Anything is fine with me,\" said Kelly. Andrew picked one at random from the shelf, which just happened to be Lord Of the Rings, and put it into the DVD player. Andrew sat down on a chair and Andrea had to sit on the opposite chair from Andrew because the couch (which is small) was occupied. Andrea really wasn't paying any attention to the movie. She kept looking toward Dean and Kelly's way. It looked like Kelly kept moving closer to Dean, but (thankfully) Dean kept moving away. In a funny part in the movie, Andrea wanted to see if Dean was laughing with her. So, she turned in the direction of Dean and saw that Kelly had her head resting on Dean's shoulder with her hand on top of his hand. Dean had a shocked expression on his face. Andrea didn't want to be in there anymore. So, she stood up and practically ran out of the room. \"Andi? Where are you going?\" asked Andrew who turned to see her run out of the room. \"Andi! Hold on!\" said Dean who got up and followed her. At the top of the stairs Andrea turned around to be face to face with Dean. \"Andi? What's wrong?\" he asked. \"Whats wrong? You want to know whats wrong?\" Andrea yelled at him,\"that is one of my best friends and WHAT were you doing?! Huh?\" \"Andi, I didn't make her put her head on my shoulder or have her hand of top of mine. Why are you getting so upset?,\" Dean said. Andrea knew why she was all upset. She liked Dean. She liked Dean a whole lot. \"Andi. Please. Talk to me,\" Dean said. Andrea felt as if she was going to cry. Then she ran into her room leaving Dean staring after her. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ A/N: There. Chapter 2! This chapter has a bit more interesting stuff in it! :-) Thanks for the reviews! Review please![Chapter 3] Disclaimer:I don't own the movie Motocrossed or its characters. The Disney Channel does. Chapter 3 After about 10 minutes of being in her room alone, Andrea felt as if she should go back downstairs. However, Andrea would be to embaressed and might get upset again. Just then she heard a knock on her door. \"Who is it?\" Andrea yelled from her bed. \"It's Kelly, can I come in?\" Andrea couldn't be upset with forever. She knew Kelly for a long time. \"Fine,\" said Andrea. Kelly opened the door and walked in. \"Andrea?\" \"Kelly?\" Andrea said looking at her,\"Do you like Dean?\" Kelly just looked at her. Then she said,\"Well, I think he is really good-looking.\" Kelly paused. r\"Andrea? Do you like him?\" Andrea was a little startled by this question. \"Do you?\" asked Kelly again sitting down next to her. \"Yea, I do. Ever since I first laid eyes on him,\" she told Kelly. \"Now I know, and I promise not to flirt with him because your my best friend and you seem to like him a lot more,\" Kelly said,\"Are you mad?\" Andrea shook her head,\"No, its not your fault totally. You didn't know I like him.\" \"Well, to make you feel happier, he didn't seem to like me being that close to him,\" Kelly said. This did bring a smile to Andrea's face. \"So, what do you say we ditch the movie with the guys and go grab icecream and bring it up here,\" Kelly asked. \"Ok, that'll be great,\" Andrea told her. So, they both got up and made their way out of Andrea's room. However, when they got to the bottom of the stairs Andrea realized that to get to the kitchen you have to pass through the living room. She just took a deep breath and walked through the living room not looking at Dean at all. Kelly right behind her. When they got to the kitchen Kelly asked, \"What kind of icecream do you have?\" Andrea walked over to the fridge and opened the freezer door. She said,\"We have Rocky Road, Maple Walnut, Cookie Dough, and Mint Choclate Chip,\" said Andrea. \"Hmm..I'll have Rocky Road,\" Kelly said. \"Good 'cause I want Cookie Dough,\" Andrea said with a smile. Then she pulled two small quarts out of the freezer and said,\"Kell, could you get the spoons? There in that draw.\" Andrea pointed to a draw to Kelly's right. \"Sure,\" Kelly said. Then with their icecream, the girls walked back out of the kitchen and left to get to Andrea's room. When they were passing Andrew and Dean, Andrew saw then and asked,\"You two aren't going to watch to movie?\" \"No,\" answered Andrea looking straight ahead making sure Dean is not in view. When the girls left the room, Dean stood up and and said,\"Well, I think I should leave. Its getting late.\" \"Its only 8:30 PM,\" Andrew told him. \"Yea well....uh...I told my mom that I would be home by 9:00...bye,\" Dean said walking out of the room. \"Fine...everyone leave...I'll just watch this movie by myself..\" Andrew said to himself. Upstairs, Andrea sat on her bed as she ate her icecream, and Kelly sat on the floor eating her icecream. Kelly asked,\"Andrea, did you happen to look at Dean when we walked by him?\" \"No... why??\" Andrea asked. \"Well, I couldn't help but notice that he was looking at you the whole time we were walking by and while we were in the kitchen,\" Kelly told her. Andrea's heart gave a little leap. \"Really? Did he look happy?\" Andrea asked. \"Not really. He looked a little sad,\" Kelly told her. \"Wonder why..\" said Andrea taking a big spoonful of icecream. \"Hmm...let me think...could it be because he wanted to talk to you about what happened before, but you wouldn't let him?\" Kelly said in a sarcastic way. \"Oh, I guess that would be why...\" Andrea looked down. \"Andrea, even I can tell that he cares for you a whole lot. Why wouldn't you talk to him?\" Kelly asked. \"Well, because...I didn't want to let him see me cry. I thought you two were really into each other and I really, really like him,\" Andrea said. \"Isn't that a good reason to talk to him? I think so,\" Kelly said. Andrea didn't say anything. \"Ok, lets get off this subject. Want to head to the mall tomorrow?\" Kelly asked. \"Sure, that'll be fun,\" Andrea said. They spent the rest of the night talking about anything thing else, and finishing their icecreams. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ A/N: There ya go! Chapter 3! Thanks for the review! :-) Next chapter will (hopefully) have Andrew being a little bit more active. I just don't know when Dean and Andrea will actually talk....hmm...rI am updating this story alot more than my Zenon fic because I have run out of ideas with that Zenon fic. Hopefully I'll get ideas for it soon! :-) In the meantime, I really like this story and so I will update often...just as long as I get reviews. So, please review! :-)[Chapter 4] Diclaimer:I don't own the Motocrossed movie, or the characters. The Disney Channel does. Chapter 4 The next day, Andrea woke up to rain banging hard on the windows. She sat up and saw that Kelly was still asleep in her sleeping bag. Then she looked over at her alarm clock and saw that it was only 7:15 AM. 'Ugh, it's still early,' thought Andrea,'Well, I know I won't be able to fall back to sleep so I'll go downstairs and wait for Kelly to wake up.' Andrea, quietly, removed her bed covers and walked, quietly, out of her room. When she got downstairs, everything was so quiet. 'Everyone must be taking advantage of a free morning and sleeping in,' she thought. Then she decided to go have breakfast, or atleast just toast and she would eat more when Kelly woke up. She was starving. When she had reached the kitchen, she found that she wasn't the only one awake. There she found her twin brother Andrew. \"Hey,\" Andrea greeted him getting some bread from the counter and popping a couple slices in the toaster,\"Why are you up so early?\" Andrew looked up from his cereal,\"Hey, I had trouble sleeping last night. You?\" \"The rain woke me up and I couldn't get back to sleep,\" Andrea said,\"Sorry about ditching the movie last night. I just wasn't in much for a movie mood.\" \"Yea, I guess you weren't. You were a mess, no offense. What was with you last night?\" Andrew asked going back to his cereal. \"Its complicated, you wouldn't understand,\" Andrea said as her toast popped up and she turned around to take her toast out of the toaster and butter it. \"Andi, we are twins. Try me!\" Andrew said looking at her. For a bit, they were both quiet. Then Andrea turned around holding her toast and sat across from her brother at the table. \"Ok. I'll tell you,\" started Andrea taking a bite of her toast,\"Yesterday, during the movie I couldn't help but notice that Kelly with Dean..\" \"So?\" Andrew asked. \"I was just jealous. I thought then that Kelly and Dean really liked each other, but now I know that I don't think Dean likes Kelly, and Kelly now knows my feelings toward Dean,\" Andrea told him. \"When Dean followed you out of the room, did you tell him what you thought?\" \"No, I was practically in tears.\" \"So, thats why Dean left so early and not in a happy way,\" Andrew said to him self. \"What?\" Andrea asked. \"Dean left kind of in a rush just after you and Kelly went upstairs with icecream.\" \"He did? Why?\" \"He just said that he promised his mom he wouold be home by 9PM, but I don't know if I believe him. I mean its summer. He doesn't have to go home at 9. Andrea, shouldn't you talk to Dean?\" asked Andrew. \"Yea, I will. When the time is right.\" \"Well, I think the time is right the next time he comes over,\" Andrew said taking his nw empty cereal bowl to the sink and leaving Andrea with her thoughts. 'He's right,' thought Andrea, 'The time is right when he comes over.' ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Andrew knew it was early, but he wanted to go up to his room and call Dean to ask if he was coming over. As soon as he entered his room, he went over to his nightstand where his phone was and called Dean. rIt took a while for Dean to answer. Finally, when Andrew was ready to hang up Dean answered the phone, \"Hello?\" Dean asked sleepy. \"Hey, man. It's Andrew. Are you coming over today?\" \"Andrew, I don't think so. I mean its...uh...raining...I don't feel much like riding my dirtbike in the rain...\" \"Dean. that's ok, I really think you should come over...\" \"We'll see, man. Listen, I'll call you later. I'm going back to sleep.\" Then Dean hung up. \"Well, I just hope he does decide to come by for Andrea..\" Andrew said. Then Andrew started toget his motocross things together. 'I gotta practice, even in the rain, to show people that Carson racing has 3 great riders, not just 2,' he thought. In the distance outside, thunder was rumbling. _____________________________ A/N: There's chapter 4! I know its kinda short, but good stuff is about to happen in the next chapter! Thanks for the reviews everyone! See? When I get reviews it makes me want to update!!!!! :-) I'll try to get the next chapter up in the next couple of days. In the next chapter there will be......now should I tell you now or should it be a surprise???? ;-) I'll let it be a surprise! rReview please! :-)[Chapter 5] Disclaimer:I don't own the Motocrossed movie, or the characters in it. Disney does. Chapter 5 By the time Kelly had a woke, Andrea had finished her toast and was showered and dressed. Andrea was wearing jeans, and a light blue button down short sleeve shirt. When she got into her room after her shower, she looked at er alarm clock and saw that it was 8:45 AM. Then she looked over at Kelly who was getting her clothes that she's going to wear for the day. \"'Morning,\" greeted Andrea. \"'Moring,\" Kelly said with a yawn,\"I probably would have slept later but I heard someone riding their dirt bike outside. I mean its raining. Don't you guys give it a rest when it rains?\" \"Usually, it must be Andrew. Why would he be riding today? It's raining really hard, and I heard some thunder out there...\" Andrea told her going to her window and looking through it trying to find her brother. Boom. More thunder. This time it sounded closer. \"My mom will probably tell him to stop and to come inside,\" Andrea said. Sure enough Andrea was right. She could hear her mom yell,\"Andrew Carson! Get your rear-end inside!!\" That's because Andrea left her door open, so she walked over to her door and closed it. \"Do you mind if I take a shower?\" asked Kelly. \"Sure, Kelly, you don't have to ask,\" Andrea said. As Kelly gathered the rest of her clothes and the Andrea noticed that Andrew's dirtbike stopped,\"Andrew must have listened..\" Andrea said. Kelly walked out of Andrea's room and shut the door behind her. As Kelly made her way to the bathroom, she could hear Andrew and Mrs. Carson yelling downstairs. \"Andrew! Why were you riding your bike in this weather? You know I don't like you riding when its raining hard like it is!\" She heard Mrs. Carson yell. Kelly didn't want to eavesdrop, but Andrew's response made her lean on the railing to hear better. \"Mom! You don't understand! I just need to practice!\" yelled Andrew. \"And why do you need to practice so much that you'll go out in a rainstorm?\" went Mrs. Carson's voice. \"Mom...it's just...ever since Andrea posed as me in the last race..and everyone found out that is wasn't me but my twin sister...everyone is noticing her...I'm in the shadows now...no one is noticing me anymore...and now that Dean is on the team...no one see's me at all!\" Andrew's voice went, a little softer this time. Now, Kelly knew she shouldn't be listening anymore. So, she went to the bathroom to take her shower trying to forget what she had heard, but she can't. She wants to tell Andrea what she just heard, but she doesn't know if she should.. In about a half an hour to fourty five minutes later, Kelly emerged from the bathroom wearing jeans, a pink tank top, and her hair down, but wet. She carried her pajamas back to Andrea's room but before she got there she bumped into someone. That someone was Andrew. \"Oh, hey...Andrew,\" Kelly said. \"Hey, Kel,\" Andrew said, touching her right arm from bumping into her. Andrew then walked away, but Kelly could tell he seemed down. As Andrew walked to his room, Kelly watched, just wondering if he is alright. When Andrew shut his door behind him, Kelly started back to Andrea's room. When she got there, Andrea was sitting on her bed reading a magazine. Then Andrea noticed she was back and she said,\" Hey, you going to dry your hair?\" \"Kelly told her,\"Uh..yea. Can I borrow your hair dryer?\" \"Sure,\" Andrea said smiling. 'She must not have heard her mom and Andrew....should I tell her? No. Not now...,'thought Kelly. Kelly went over to Andrea's bureau and took the hair dryer and plugged it into the outlet on the wall. She brushed her hair a bit and started to blow dry her hair. When she was done she turned to Andrea and said,\" So, what do you want to do?\" \"I'm in a shopping mood! Lets go to the mall!\" Andrea exclaimed. \"Uh, ok,\" Kelly told her. \"Are you ok, Kel?\" \"Yea, I'm fine. Do you want to go down for breakfast now? I mean the mall opens at 10:00AM anyway, and its not quite 10,\" Kelly asked. \"Sure,\" Andrea said. Then they both made their way out of Andrea's bedroom and went down to the kitchen. In the kitchen they saw Mr and Mrs Carson sitting at the table already having breakfast. It looked like they were discussing something before they saw the two girls coming in. \"Good morning, girls,\" said Mrs. Carson. As soon as they sat down to eat the doorbell rang. \"I'll get it,\" said Andrea walking out of the room. When she got to the door and to her surprise, when she opened the door, Dean stood there looking back at her looking as handsome as can be. \"Hey,\" he said. Andrea just stared at him for a moment. Then she said,\"Hey, Come in.\" She held the door open for him. \"So, what brings you here?\" asked Andrea. \"Uuh..Andrew called me early this moring and asked if I was coming over,\" Dean told her. \"Oh, uh, do you want me to get him?\" Andrea asked. \"Uh, no. It's ok,\" Dean asked,\"I kinda wanted to talk to you, anyway.\" Andrea knew this was coming. \"Uuh..ok. Let's go out on the porch for privacy,\" Andrea said. The porch had a roof so that they can sit out there and not get wet from the rain. So, Andrea led Dean out to the porch and they both sat on the chairs next to each other. \"Andi, I want to talk about last night,\" Dean said right away. She sighed and then said,\"Yea, I suppose we should.\" \"Andi,tell me, why did you run out then?\" \"I..uh..,\" Andrea was having trouble saying that she really liked him,\"I, well, the truth is that I really--\" She couldn't finish her sentence, because she got interrupted when Kelly walked through the front door saying,\"Andrea? Are you out here? I need to talk to you?\" Then she saw Andrea sitting with Dean,\"Oh, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry to interrupt...but Andrea I kind of need to tell you something.\" \"What is it?\" Andrea asked. \"I better go,\" Dean said starting to get up. \"No, I'll make it quick, and you can stay here,\" Kelly told him and he sat back down. Kelly took a deep breath. She was going to tell Andrea what she overheard before her shower. She had to. Andrea saw the worried look on Kelly's face. \"Well, Kelly, what is it?\" asked Andrea. Another boom of thunder was heard. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ A/N: I'm so sorry about the cliffhanger!!!! I hope not to take a long time with the next chapter! Thanks to everyone who reviewed!!! :-) You are all so nice! I'll update soon! rReview please! :-)[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: I don't own the movie Motocrossed, or the characters! Disney does. Chapter 6 Kelly stared at Andrea ready to tell her what she had overheard. \"Well, when I was walking over to the bathroom to take my shower, I overheard something..\" she started to say while she paced back and forth on the porch. It was still raining. Possible a little harder then before. \"Yeah? Who'd you over hear?\" Andrea asked. \"Your mom and your brother,\" Kelly said as she finally stopped pacing,\"but I didn't want to overhear, I swear! I just heard something your brother said and..\" \"What? What did he say? Kelly spit it out!\" Andrea said. \"Ok, Ok...well, your mom was asking him why he was riding out in the rain and he told her he needed to practice more,\" Kelly began to explain. \"But Andrew doesn't need extra practice. He's a fantastic rider,\" Dean said. \"I'm not finished,\" Kelly said while Dean and Andrea listened,\"he also told your mom, Andrea, that he feels like he is in the sadow of you two.\" \"Why is that? Thats crazy,\" Andrea said. \"Not really, Andi,\" Dean said. Andrea and Kelly both looked at him. Andrea with an astounded look on her face. \"Well, he didn't get a chance to show how much of a great rider he is in the last motocross race. You were the one who rode, Andi. You were, and still, the one who gets noticed, and now that I'm on the Carson racing team as the 250 rider, its the two of us that gets noticed,\" Dean said. \"I just don't get that if he's feeling this way, why didn't he just tell me. Andrew and I talk about almost everything,\" Andrea told them. \"I really don't know..after I heard that, I couldn't listen anymore,\" Kelly said. \"Well, I'm going to go talk to him,\" Andrea said standing up. \"Are you sure, Andi?\" Dean asked. \"Of course I'm sure! He's my brother. My twin. I want to know why he never told me this,\" Andi said. Then she walked back into the house. **~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~** When Andrea walked back into the house, she ran up the stairs. Then walked over to Andrew's room, and knocked on the door. \"Andrew? It's Andi. Can I come in?\" \"Yea,\" he said from inside his room. Andrea opened the door and when she walked in, Andrew was sitting on his chair. \"Hey,\" she said. \"Hey, what do you want?\" he asked. \"I want to talk to you,\" she said as she sat on his bed. \"Ok, about what?\" \"Well, why did you go riding earlier in the rain? It is horrible weather out there,\" said Andrea. \"I just wanted to practice a bit more. That's all,\" he said and then turned back to what he was doing. \"Andrew, why does it seem like your hiding something from me? I'm your sister. Your twin. We usually tell eachother everything.\" \"Andi, I just don't really want to talk about it right now, ok? Why don't we talk later, maybe?\" \"Ok,\" Andrea said as she stood up, but before she left she looked over his shoulder to try and see what he was doing, \"Andrew? What are you doing there?\" \"Not much, just writing.\" \"What are you writing?\" \"I guess I can tell you. Just promise not to tell anyone just yet,\" he said. \"Yea, of course I promise.\" \"Well, I'm writing a song,\" Andrew said as he turned around to look at her. Andrea's mouth dropped. \"Really?? Why?\" she asked. \"Well, it's a good way to get stuff off your chest. I've been learning how to play guitar, too.\" \"Wow. Thats awesome. Since when have you been doing this?\" \"Well, I started learning how to play the guitar a couple of weeks ago. I'm not bad at it. I still need practice though, and I just started writing songs,\" he told his sister. \"When are you going to play for everyone?\" \"I'm not ready to tell everyone. So, I'm definitly not ready to play for everyone,\" he said. \"Well, you told me.\" \"Thats 'cause your my twin,\" Andrew told her. Andrea smiled,\"Thanks. Well, I'll leave you alone now.\" \"Ok, thanks,\" Andrew said,\"Oh, and Andrea?\" \"Yea?\" \"Remember, don't tell anyone,\" he said. \"Don't worry, bro. I won't,\" Andrea told him and left his room shutting the door behind her. 'So, Andrew has an interest in music,' thought Andrea as she walked downstairs. She wasn't sure if Dean and Kelly were still on the porch, so she decided she should check. When she got out onto porch, she noticed that it had stopped raining for now and she heard some birds chirping. She also saw Kelly and Dean still on the porch. Kelly had taken Andrea's vacated seat. \"So, what did he say?\" asked Kelly standing up. \"He did tell me that he just wanted to practice a bit. He is busy right now, so our talking time was kind of limited,\" Andrea told her. \"Oh, what's he doing?\" Kelly asked. \"Uh...he's just working on something,\" Andrea said. \"Well, do you want to go to the mall, now?\" Kelly asked. \"Sure, wanna come Dean?\" asked Andrea. \"Uh, no. Thanks anyway, but I'm going to go hang out with Andrew for a bit. Maybe another time though. Ok?\" Dean told her. \"Ok,\" Andrea said a little bummed out, but she still smiled at him. While Dean smiled back at her. Then she turned to Kelly and said,\"I'm just going to tell my mom, ok?\" \"Sure. I have to get my pocket book from your room anyway. Is your mom going to drive us since neither of us has our license yet?\" (A/N:I believe they are 15, and around where I live you get your learners permit when your 15, and your license at 16). \"She probably will,\" said Andrea. The three of them walked into the house, and Dean went upstairs to Andrew's room, but first he said good-bye to Andrea, with a smile. Then Kelly and Andrea walked over to the kitchen to see if Mrs. Carson was in there. **~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~** When Dean went upstairs, he went to Andrew's door and knocked. \"Who is it?\" asked Andrew from inside his room. \"It's Dean, just wondering if you wanna hang out?\" \"Sure, one sec,\" Andrew told him. Then about 10 seconds later Andrew said,\"Ok, come in.\" When Dean entered, he saaw that Andrew was at his desk. Dean went and sat on Andrew's bed. \"So? Talk to her yet?\" Andrew asked. \"No,\" Dean told him,\"I came close though.\" \"Dude, when are you going to tell her how you feel?\" \"Whenever I try we seem to get...interrupted,\" Dean said. \"Ah, well, you probably just need a little help making sure that there are no interruptions, and I have an idea,\" Andrew said. \"Dude, what's your plan? When are we going to put it in action??\" asked Dean. \"It'll be before school starts of course. Lets just hope soon...\" Andrew told him as he wentthrough his desk drawer looking for something. \"Are you going to tell me a little more?\" Dean asked. \"In time.\" \"How about you?\" Dean asked. \"What about me?\" \"Anyone special who you like?\" Dean asked him. Andrew just laughed, but he really wasn't sure. _______________________________________________ A/N: There ya go! Chapter 6! Thank you to all my reviewers. I appreciate all the reviews I get!! They help me to improve my stories! :-D Now, for what I have in store for the rest of this story...hehehe....you'll just have to find out... The end isn't far away! Not for a few more chapters, though! Review please! :-) I'll update soon![Chapter 7] Disclaimer:I do not own the movie Motocrossed, or the characters. The Disney Channel does. Chapter 7 :-D When Andrea and Kelly got back from the mall, you could hardly believe that it had rained earlier in the morning. The sun was shining with just a few clouds in the sky. Mrs. Carson pulled into the driveway and they could hear dirtbikes in the distance. \"Andrew must have seen that it wasn't raining,\" said Mrs. Carson as she got out of her SUV and shut the door. Andrea and Kelly both came out of the car holding two bags each. \"Let's go see how he's doing, Kelly,\" Andrea said to her. \"Ok. Shouldn't we put our bags in the house first?\" Kelly asked as the two of them walked. \"We will just say hi, then we'll leave.\" Andrew must have seen them coming because he came riding toward them. (They recognized the number twelve on his bike.) He stopped when we was close enough to them and took his helmet off. \"Hey,\" he said,\"What brings you two here?\" \"Just saying hi,\" Andrea said. Then another rider stopped next to Andrew. When he took his helmet off they saw that it was Dean. \"Hey,\" he said. \"Hey Dean,\" Andrea greeted him. \"So, Andi, are you going to go riding, too?\" asked Dean smiling. \"Not right now. Kelly and I are going to go inside and go through the stuff that we bought.\" \"My mom should be picking me up soon, anyway,\" Kelly told them. \"Your leaving?\" asked Andrew. \"Yea, soon,\" Kelly replied. Andrew seemed to be concentrating on the dirt. \"Well, we just wanted to see how you guys were doing. Talk to you later. C'mon Kelly,\" Andrea said smiling one last time at Dean before turning around. \"Bye,\" Dean said. ~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~ In Andrea's room, Kelly and Andrea were looking at the clothes and shoes they had just bought. \"Andrea?\" \"Yea?\" \"I couldn't help but notice that outside Dean couldn't keep his eyes off you,\" Kelly told her. \"Really? Do I have something on my face, or in my teeth?\" Andrea asked in a panic. \"No, its just that I think Dean likes you as much as you like him,\" Kelly told her crossing her arms over her chest. Andrea stared at her friend. \"Are you serious?\" Andrea asked. \"Yes, I really think so. When are you going to talk to him?\" Kelly asked. \"I don't know...soon I guess.\" \"You better talk to him! I will make sure you do, Andrea!\" There was a knock on the dooor. \"Come in,\" Andrea yelled. Mrs. Carson poked her head in. \"Kelly, your mom is here waiting outside,\" she said. \"Ok, Mrs. Carson. I'll be down in a sec.\" Kelly started to pick up all of her stuff, while Mrs. Carson closed the door. \"Bye, Andrea. It's been fun. Call me!\" She said. \"Ok, bye.\" Andrea told her. Kelly walked out of Andrea's room with all of her belongings. When Kelly shut the door, Andrea couldn't help but think about what Kelly had said before. 'Dean might really like me. He might really like me! Is it true though?' Andrea thought. ~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~ When Kelly walked outside she went over to her mothers car and threw her stuff in the back seat. Before getting into the front seat she stopped. \"Kelly? What wrong?\" her mom asked. \"Uh, nothing. Can you wait just one more second?\" she told her mom. \"I suppose.\" Then Kelly ran over to where Dean and Andrew were riding. When Kelly was running toawrd them Andrew didn't see her and almost knocked her over, but he stopped just in time and he asked her,\" Kelly? what are you doing?\" \"Andrew. Tell me the truth. Does Dean like Andrea? I mean really like her?\" Kelly asked him. Andrew took off his helmet to look at her properly and said,\"What?\" \"Andrew! Does Dean like Andrea as more than a friend?\" \"I promised not to tell,\" he said. \"So, he does. Doesn't he?\" she asked. Andrew looked anywhere but her. \"He does. Doesn't he Andrew?\" asked Kelly again with a smile. \"Yes! He does. Ok?\" Andrew told her. \"Yes! That's great! We have to get them to talk!\" Kelly told him. \"Actually, Dean and I have a plan,\" he told her. \"What is it?\" Kelly asked. \"I can't tell you now, your mom is waiting,\" Andrew said pointing at her mom's can,\"but I'll call you later and tell you...without Andrea knowing..ok?\" \"Ok! I will make sure to be home!\" Kelly said. \"Bye,\" Andrew said. \"Bye, Andrew!\" Then Kelly walked away, looking back at Andrew with a smile. Andrew couldn't help but smile back. Then Dean rode up to him on his dirtbike and said,\"Hey dude! Put your eyes back in their sockets!\" Andrew looked at him with a puzzled look on his face. \"What?\" he asked. \"Dude, you like. Don't you?\" Dean asked. \"What are you talking about?\" Andrew asked making like he doesn't know what Dean meant. \"Andrew. Let me put it simply for you. You. Like. Kelly.\" \"No, Dean. You are wrong. Kelly is Andrea's best friend. There is no way I like her.\" \"Whatever dude.\" \"As for you and Andrea. I say the plan to get you two together should be ready by tomorrow eveing,\" Andrew told him. \"Ok, that's great,\" Dean said. \"After we finish racing we can work on it,\" Andrew told him. Then Dean rode off leaving Andrew with his thoughts. 'I can't like Kelly. Can I?' he thought. He couldn't help but think about the fact that Kelly smiled at him. Thinking of her smiling makes him smile. __________________________________________________ A/N: I'm so sorry it took me awhile to update!!!! School takes up alot of my time during the week and work takes up my time on the weekends! I really will try and get Chapter 8 out soon! This story isn't to far from the end... :-D Don't worry, you'll find out about the plan soon. :-D Thanks for the reviews! Oh yeah! Before I forget I fixed some of the mistakes in the first few chapters! Hopefully there better! Now, review this chapter! :-D[Chapter 8] Disclaimer: As always, I do not own any characters in Motocrossed, or the movie....The Disney Channel does.... Chapter 8 By the time eevening came around, Andrew and Dean were in Andrew's room planning out their plan to get Dean and Andrea together. \"Ok, so I'll write it tonight at home and I'll show you tomorrow?\" Dean asked. \"Sure, that sounds fine,\" Andrew replied as he played a few cords on his guitar. \"Andrew. How are we going to get Andrea there?\" \"Well, see, I'm not sure on that part. I'm going to call Kelly later and see if she has any ideas,\" Andrew told him. \"Ooh...so you are going to call Kelly,\" Dean said smiling,\"Yea, way to go.\" \"Hey, Dean. I told you. I only like Kelly like a friend!\" \"Sure, dude. Whatever. Anyway, I gotta get home. Talk to ya later.\" \"Ok, Dean. See ya.\" Dean walked out of Andrew's room and shut the door. Then he made his way downstairs to leave, but at the bottom of the stairs he bumped into....Andrea. \"Oh, hey Andrea. Sorry 'bout that,\" he told her,\"this seems like our own place to bump into eachother.\" \"Yea,\" Andrea said as she blushed. \"I gotta get goin'. Bye,\" he said and smiled. \"Oh, you're leaving?\" Andrea asked. \"Yea, I'll be back tomorrow though,\" Dean said with a wink. \"Ok, bye then,\" Andrea said. Andrea then walked up the stairs, and Dean walked to the door, but not before turning to see Andrea walk away. He smiled to himself. r'Why can't tomorrow come any faster...' he thought. ~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~**~~ At about 8 pm that night, Andrew decided to call Kelly. Then he realized he didn't know her number. Andrew knew he couldn't ask Andrea. Andrea would get suspicious. Frusterated, Andrew fell back on his bed, covering his hands to his face. Then he just remembered. Andrea was not home. She had gone to the store with their mom. 'I'll just go into her room and look through her address book,' he thought. Then he stood up and left his room to go to his sisters. He found that Andrea had left her door open. So, Andrew walked in and saw the address book lying on top of her desk. He walked over to her desk and opened the address book and looked for Kelly's number. Within, a minute, more or less, he found it. He reached for a post it note and a pen and began to write the number down so he won't forget it. 'Great,' Andrew thought smiling to himself. He then walked back to his room, closed the door and went to his desk where his phone was. He dialed the number and listened to the ring. On the third ring someone picked up. ~\"Hello?\" the person on the other line said. ~\"Hi, is Kelly there?\" asked Andrew. ~\"This is she.\" ~\"Hi, Kelly. It's Andrew.\" ~\"Andrew! Hi! What's up?\" ~\"Not much. So do you want to know the plan?\" ~\"Of course.\" He then told her the plan not leaving anything out. ~\"That sounds so romantic!\" Kelly said through the phone after hearing the plan. ~\"Yea, but I need your help, Kel.\" ~\"Yea? With what?\" ~\"Well, Dean and I are having trouble thinking of ways to get her there. Any suggestions?\" ~\"Hmm...well, why don't you have Dean write her a note. Not telling her to much. Just something simple and romantic. Oh, and with a touch of mystery.\" ~\"That sounds like a recipe.\" Andrew told her with a chuckle. ~\"Well, its better than your idea...nothing!\" Kely told him giggling. ~\"It still is a good idea though. I'll call Dean and tell him.\" Silence. ~\"Kelly?\" ~\"Yeah, Andrew?\" ~\"Did you want to come by tomorrow and help..er..us?\" ~\"Sure, what time should I be there by?\" ~\"How about around noonish?\" ~\"Great. See you then.\" ~\"Bye.\" Andrew hung up the phone and smiled to himself. 'That was the best phone call I have ever made.' he thought. _______________________________________ A/N: There's chapter 8! Hope you enjoyed it! :-D I enjoyed writing it! I didn't tell you guys the plan in this chapter because I want it to be a surprise! :-D This story will probably have maybe 2 more chapters. We shall see. Thanks for the reviews! I really enjoy reading all of my reviews. Sorry this chapter is so short! This next one shouldn't be this short! I promise! Now, review this chapter![Chapter 9] A/N: I fixed that darn verb tense in this chapter! YAY! :-) Disclaimer:I don't own any motocrossed characters or the movie....the disney channel does. Chapter 9 When Andrea awoke the next day, she was glad that she was stilll on summer vacation. She just didn't want to get out of bed. She looked over at her alarm clock and saw that it was 8 AM. Then she turned over and fell back to sleep. Meanwhile, her brother, Andrew, woke with a start. He had to get ready for when Dean and Kelly would come by. Kelly decided to come by at noon, but Dean said he would come by around 10 AM. Andrew already told his parents, and they were ok with it. Andrew walked over to his closet, picked out what he wanted to wear and walked out of his room and into the bathroom to take a shower. After about 15 mintues, Andrew walked out of the bathroom. He wore jean shorts, and a dark blue t-shirt. When he got into his room, he put his shoes and socks on. He looked over at his clock which said 8:17 AM. 'Man, I got ready really early,' he thought. Last night, after he hung up with Kelly, he called Dean and told him what Kelly suggested. Dean thought it was a pretty good idea. So, since Andrew had some time to spare, he went downstairs to have breakfast. In the kitchen he saw his father who was busy reading the newspaper. \"Hi, dad,\" Andrew said as he grabbed cereal from the cub board and milk from the fridge. \"Hi, Andrew. Are you going to practice today?\" Mr. Carson asked. Andrew, placing a bowl on the table and filling it with cereal and milk replied,\"Um, I don't know..I might take a break today.\" He didn't want to tell his dad what he was planning for Dean and Andrea. He didn't mind telling his mother, but his father was a different story. \"Andrew, with Dean on the team, and Andrea as a star rider now. You really need to show everyone what you can do,\" Mr. Carson said. \"I know dad,\" Andrew said slightly annoyed. His father is always told him this. \"I'm just letting you know, that's all,\" Mr. Carson said as he folded the newspaper and put it down on the table,\"Well, I have to get going. I'm going into town for the day.\" \"Ok,\" Andrew said. He was so sick of his dad always telling him to practice, and that he has to work hard to get noticed. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ Two hours later, Andrea opened her eyes. She was still in bed. 'I don't want to get up,' she thought. Regretingly, she sat up and looked at her alarm clock. It was 10:30 AM. She rarely slept this late. 'I better get going,' she thought. She got out of her bed and left her room to go to the bathroom to take a shower. Twenty minutes later, she walked out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel, and her hair wrapped in a towel, too. She didn't think anyone would be around. She was making her way back to her room to change, but she bumped into someone. That person was Dean. She just stared at him. She was so embarressed that he saw her like this. \"Oh, hey Andi. How are you?\" Dean asked. \"I-I-I'm ok,\" Andrea said,\"I gotta go.\" She then walked as fast as she could to her room. When she got into her room, she shut the door. \"Oh man! Why is Dean here? I can't believe he saw me in a towel!\" She said to herself. She took a deep breath and picked out light blue shorts, and a white tank top to change into. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ When Dean entered Andrew's room, Andrew asked,\"So? Did you write it?\" \"Uh..yea..I did,\" Dean said as he stared into space. \"Dean? Hello??\" Andrew asked,\"You going to show me?\" \"Oh. Yea. Here,\" Dean said as he held out a notebook. \"Dude, whats up with you?\" Andrew asked. \"I just saw Andrea out there..\" Dean said. Andrew just rolled his eyes, and opened the notebook. He started to read what was written in there. \"Hey, this is good,\" Andrew said,\"Really good.\" He took his guiter and started playing a little. \"You already started a tune?\" Dean asked. \"Yea,\" Andrew said,\"It'll go great with these lyrics. Dean are you sure you want to do this?\" \"Of course. This seems like the only way to tell her how I feel. I just hope she feels the same way,\" Dean told him. \"Dude, I think she does,\" Andrew said, \"I hope so,\" Dean said. \"Well, Kelly will be here in a couple of hours and she'll help us get ready.\" ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ When twelve o'clock rolled around, Andrea was in the living room reading a magazine on the couch. ~Ding Dong~ The door bell rang. Andrea put down her magazine on the coffee table and went to go answer the door. When she opened the door she saw Kelly. \"Kelly? What are you doing here?\" Kelly was shocked to see that Andrea had answered the door. She thought Andrew would. She said,\"Um, I was, uh, wondering, uh, if I left my, uh, jacket in your room.\" \"I don't think so. I'll go check though,\" Andrea told her. Andrea walked up the stairs and Kelly followed, but when Andrea turned to go to her room, Kelly walked over to Andrew's door and waiting until Andrea was in her room. Then she knocked softly. In a few seconds, Andrew opened the door. Andrew was about to say hi, but Kelly pushed him inside and hurried in herself before closing the door.rThen right when the door closed, she could kind of hear Andrea say,\"Kelly? Where are you? I didn't see your jacket..Where'd you go??....thats odd..I'll have to call her later..\" \"Kelly, why'd you do that?\" Andrew asked her. \"Well, I had to come in here quickly without Andrea seeing me....but she opened the door to let me in.. So, I said to her that I was here because I left my jacket here...Then when she went to her room to look for it....I snuck in here...\" \"Oooh...I see...\" Andrew said. \"So, Dean, are you going to write the note telling Andrea where to meet you?\" Kelly asked. \"Yea..what should I put in it, though?\" Dean asked. \"Oh, well, I think I have an idea,\" Kelly said as she walked over to Andrew's desk and sat in the chair. She took a plain piece of paper that was lying on the top and borrowed a pen. Then she began to write something. \"Here. Is this ok?\" Kelly asked when she was done. \"It's pretty good,\" Dean said. Andrew read over his shoulder. \"Yea, it is...but should we type it on the computer?\" Andrew asked. \"Yea, we should. Good thinking Andrew,\" said Kelly smiling at him. Andrew smiled back, and Dean just looked back and forth at the two of them. Kelly turned back around and put Andrew's computer on. After the typed, and retyped, they had a note all finished. It read: Andrea, Please meet me outside on the motocross track at 7 pm tonight so we can talk. Dean \"Simple, but to the point,\" Andrew said. \"Ok, I'll put the note on her bed. I think she's still downstairs,\" Kelly said. Kelly walked out of the room with the note in one hand. She looked to Andrea's room and saw that she wasn't in there. She walked into the room and put the note in the middle of the bed. 'I'm sure she'll see it there,' Kelly thought. Then Kelly ran out of Andrea's room before Andrea came back. ____________________________________________ A/N: Ok, there's chapter 9! Now, I know I said there were 2 more chapters let in the last chapter...but I've changed around what I am going to do...there is going to be a couple more after this one!!! :-D I'm really sure now! :-)rThanks for all the reviews! rI'll update soon! Review please! :-)[Chapter 10] Disclaimer: I do not own the Motocrossed movie or the characters! Chapter 10 For most of her afternoon, Andrea sat in the living room. She watched tv, and she couldn't help but wonder what was up with Kelly. She then decided to go to her bedroom and call Kelly. When Andrea got to her room, she went over to her nightstand, and took her phone and sat on the bed. She then dialed her number and waited for someone to pick up. After 10 rings, she hung up and layed on her back on her bed, landing on the note. \"What the--,\" she said to herself putting a hand behind her back and getting the paper. \"What's this?\" she added to herself. She then read the note. ~Andrea, Please meet me outside on the motocross track at 7pm tonight. Dean~ 'Why does Dean want me to meet him?' she thought. She smiled to herself rereading the letter, 'I think I will tell Dean how I feel towards him tonight.' ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ In Andrew's room, Dean, Kelly, and Andrew were all talking about what else they needed to do. \"You know what you are going to wear Dean?\" asked Kelly. \"Uh, I was thinking of wearing what I have on,\" Dean told her. He was wearing jeans a T-shirt, and sneakers. \"Dean! I really think you should wear something nice. Your surroundings will look nice. Make yourself look good,\" Kelly said. \"Fine. I'll dress up!\" Dean said. Kelly had a satisfied smile on her face. \"Well, I'm going to go and see Andrea,\" Kelly said as she stood up. \"Wait!\" Andrew said as he stood up. Kelly looked at him. He just asked her,\"Uh, what are you going to tell her about earlier when you kind of ditched her?\" \"Um, Maybe I'll just tell her that I had to run out for a sec,\" Kelly replied. \"Ok, do you want to meet somewhere around 6 o'clock to get ready for opperation Dean and Andrea?\" Andrew asked. \"Yeah, where should we meet?\" \"How about outside in front of the house? Oh, could you make sure Andrea stays busy until 7 pm?\" Kelly smiled and said,\"I can. No problem there.\" \"Awesome.\" Andrew said. Kelly and Andrew just stood there smiling at each other until Dean broke the silence with a cough. \"Excuse me. I hate to interupt, but it is about 3:30. We have 3 and a half hours to make sure everything is set,\" Dean told them. \"Oh, yea. Well, I'll meet you outside at 6 o'clock, Andrew,\" Kelly said. \"Ok, see you then,\" Andrew said as he watched her step out of his room and close the door. \"You have it bad,\" Dean said. \"I know...I do,\" Andrew said as he stared at the spot where Kelly was,\"To bad we can never be together.\" \"What do you mean by that?\" Dean asked. \"Well, for one thing I'm into motocross which is furthest from her mind, and the second thing is that she must just see me as Andrea's twin brother..\" Andrew said. \"Dude, I've seen the way she looks at you. I really think she likes you,\" Dean said. I need to know the truth. Just like you and my sister. I just need to know the truth,\" Andrew said. Andrew could still smell a faint scent of Kelly's perfume in his room. Just enough to know that she was there. He missed her already. ________________________________________________________________________ A/N: I am SOOOOO sorry for not updating right away! My computer broke and my teachers seem to love to give me homework....and then I have work on the weekends. OY! I need a vacation! The next chapter is the last chapter! I have a lot planned for it! :-) YAY! After this story I am going to finish my Zenon fic since I now have an idea for it finally! :-) Then I may write a sequel for this fic.. We shall see... Thanks for the reviews! :-) Now review this chapter please! :-)[Chapter 11] Disclaimer:I don't own any of the Motocross characters, or the movie...... Chapter 11--The final chapter! Around 4:30 PM, Kelly and Andrea were in Andrea's room trying to decide what Andrea would wear to meet Dean. Kelly kept the surprise quiet. She didn't want Andrea to know what Dean had planned. \"Are you going to eat over again, Kel?\" Andrea asked. \"Um, yea. If it's ok with your parents,\" she answered. \"Oh, I'm sure it is. Maybe we can order a pizza,\" Andrea told her. \"Ok, that sounds good.\" \"Well, I'm going to ask my mom and dad. Their downstairs,\" Andrea said. She walked out of her room and down the stairs. She saw her mom sitting on the couch in the living room reading a book when she got in there. \"Hey mom,\" Andrea greeted her mom. \"Hi honey,\" Mrs. Carson said as she looked up from her book. \"Mom, do you think Kelly can eat over?\" Andrea asked as she sat next to her mother. \"Sure. Andrew and Dean are working on something in Andrew's room and Jason is at a friends house. Your father and I are going out tonight around 5:30. So, you guys will have to order a pizza, or something. We'll leave money,\" Mrs. Carson said. \"Ok, where are you and dad going?\" \"Just out to dinner.\" \"Ok, I'm going to tell Kelly.\" \"Oh, Andrea, can you tell Andrew, too?\" \"Sure, mom.\" Then Andrea got off the couch and walked out of the room. When she got to Andrew's room upstairs, she knocked twice. \"Yea?\" She heard Andrew's voice. Andrea poked her head in. r\"Hey, mom said that we have to order a pizza or something, ok? Mom and dad are going out to dinner,\" she said. She caught Dean's eye's and smiled. \"Ok, uh, can you leave please?\" Andrew asked. \"Uh, ok, whatever,\"Andrea asked pulling herself back into the hallway and shutting the door. She then walked back to her room. Back in her room, she saw Kelly looking through a magazine. \"Hey, my parents are going out, so we can order a pizza,\" Andrea told her. \"Great,\" Kelly said. \"Ok, you have to help me decide what to wear. I'm going to meet Dean tonight,\" Andrea told her, as she walked over to her closet. \"Ok, maybe you could wear that new top you got yesterday!\" Kelly said excited. \"Yeah, good idea, Kel. Now should I wear a skirt, or capris?\" Andrea asked as she looked through her closet. \"I think your new purple tank top will go with your white capris,\" Kelly told her. \"Hmm...yeah, that sounds good, Kel. What would I do without you for fashion advice?\" Andrea told her. Kelly laughed,\"Probably pick out all the wrong clothes.\" Both girls laughed. \"I won't change now. I'll order the pizza now, though. Do you want to go and ask the guys what kind of pizza they want, or should I?\" Andrea asked as she closed her closet door. \"Uh, I'll go ask,\" Kelly said as she stood up and walked out of the room. When she got to Andrew's bedroom door, she knocked a couple of times. \"Who is it?\" asked Andrew from inside. \"Kelly.\" \"Oh, Come in,\" he said. Kelly opened the door to find Dean sitting on Andrew' chair and Andrew on the edge of the bed with his guitar in his hand. \"Hey,\" he said. \"Hi, Andrea wants to know what kind of pizza you guys want,\" Kelly told them. \"I won't be staying,\" said Dean,\"I have to go home soon and get myself ready.\" \"Oh well, Andrew do you want any?\" \"Sure. I like pepperoni,\" he replied. \"Ok, how's everything going?\" Kelly asked. \"Pretty good,\" Andrew said,\"We are almost set in here. Please make sure Andrea stays in her room from 6 o'clock on!\" \"Don't worry. She will!\" Kely said with a smile before she left the room. When she got back to Andrea's room, she noticed Andrea had hung her light purple tank top and white capris on her closet door. \"Andrea, Andrew said he would like pepperoni, and Dean said he'll be leaving soon....so he won't be having any...\" Kelly told her. Andrea just looked at her at first, and then asked,\" Oh, Dean is leaving?\" \"Uh, yea. I'm sure he'll be back though.\" \"Oh, yeah. Probably. I'm going to go downstairs and get the number for the pizza place. Wanna come?\" Andrea asked. \"Sure.\" The two of them left the room and walked down the stairs. When they got to the living room, Mr. Carson was wearing a suit and watching tv. \"Hey dad. Looking sharp there!\" Andrea said. \"Yeah, huh?\" he said. Then Mrs. Carson walked in saying,\"Andrea? We are going to be leaving very soon. I'm going to go upstairs and tell your brother.\" Then she left. Andrea and Kelly went to the kitchen, and Andrea picked up the phone book and looked for the pizza place she wanted to order from. Then she piked up the phone and ordered a large cheese, and a large pepperoni pizza to be delivered. Then the two of them walked back into the living room to find Mrs. Carson entering also. She said,\"Ok, let's get going Edward.\" \"Ok, Geneva,\" Mr. Carson said as he got off the couch. \"Ok, girls I told Andrew we are leaving, Jason is at his friends house. He is spending the night. Now be good,\" Mrs. Carsaon said to them as the four of them walked to the door. \"Oh course mom,\" Andrea said giving her mom and dad a hug. \"Bye, Mr. and Mrs. Carson,\" Kelly said. Then Mr. and Mrs. Carson walked through the door, and Andrea checked her watch. \"Ok, it's 4:45. The pizza will be ready in about 15 minutes. What should we do?\" Just then, Dean walked down the stairs holding his car keys (A/N:I always though Dean wa a year or two older then Andrea) and said,\"Bye you two.\" \"Bye,\" Andrea said, she wanted to say see you tonight, but Dean had already walked through the door. Andrea noticed that Dean really hasn't mentioned any thing about meeting eachother. 'I hope he didn't change his mind,' she thought. Kelly seemed to be reading her mind because she said,\"Don't worry, Andi, he'll be back.\" \"I hope so.\" Then they went back to the living room and watched tv until the pizza came. When the pizza came, Andrea told Andrew and the three of them sat in the kitchen and ae. In about 15 minutes, Andrew finished four slices of pizza and stood up from the table. \"In a rush?\" Andrea asked. \"Uh, I just wanted to use the phone,\" he said glancing at Kelly. \"Ok, whatever,\" Andrea said. After Andrea and Kelly finished, they cleaned up and walked back to Andrea's room. Once they got there, Kelly looked Andrea's alarm clock. It said 5:45 PM. '15 more minutes,' thought Kelly. \"Wanna watch a movie?\" asked Andrea. \"Uh, no,\" Kelly said. \"Ok..what did you want to do then?\" Andrea asked. \"I don't know..uh, so how are you going to tell Dean how you feel later? Are you going to come right and tell him? Or are you going to do it some other way?\" Kelly asked as she kept looking at the clock. \"I don't really know...I never really thought about it,\" Andrea said. 5:48 PM. \"Well, maybe that's what we should talk about,\" Kelly said. \"Uh...I guess,\" Andrea said. Kelly could tell that she was nervous. \"You know. It's ok to be nervous,\" Kelly told her. \"Yea, I know...Oh, what am I going to sy to him?\" eclaimed Andrea. Kelly glanced at the clock. 5:50PM \"Just tell him exactly how you feel. Speak from your heart,\" Kelly told her. \"Yeah, but Kelly what if he wants to meet me to tell me that he really hates my guts?\" Andrea asked paranoid now. 'Oh man. Now look what I've done...she was fine before!' Kelly thought. \"Andrea, if he didn't like you, do you think he would smile at you alot?\" Andrea thought about that. \"Well, no. I guess your right,\" Andrea said. \"Of coursee I'm right, now why don't you keep yourself busy in here to get your mind off things until 7pm,\" Kelly told her. She glanced at the clock. 5:54 PM. \"Um, Andrea. I have to get going. I promised my mom that I would be home by 6...\" \"Uh, ok. See ya. I'll call you to tell you what happens,\" Andrea said. \"Bye, Andrea.\" Kelly walked out of Andrea's room and shut the door. 'To be early is to be ontime, ontime is to be late, and to be late is to never show up at all..' Kelly thought. She figured she would be there a few minutes early. When she got outside through the front door, she saw Andrew waiting for her with his back to her. Kelly walked up to him, and stood on his left. \"Hey,\" she said. He looked at her. \"Hey, ready to get everything set?\" \"Of course,\" she answered. For the next hour, Kelly and Andrew got the motocross track al set. It had lights put up in all the surrounding trees. Andrew put his guitar against a tree, and everything looked nice. All they needed was Dean and Andrea. Andrew looked at his watch. 6:55PM. \"Hey! You guys! I'm here,\" Dean yelled behind them. Now all they needed was Andrea to arrive. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ In her room, Andrea stood in front of her mirror on her door and made sure she looked alright. She wore her new purple top and white capris and purple sandels. \"Well, I guess I'm ready,\" she said to herself and opened her door and stepped out of her room. When she got downstairs to where the back door was in the kitchen, she hesitated. She couldn't believe she was finally going to talk to Dean. She took another deep breath and opened the door. She stepped out and walked a few feet to the motocross track. 'Whoa,' she thought when she got there. She saw Dean in the middle wearing a dark blue suit with his left hand behind his back. He looked handsome. When she got to him, he said,\"Hi, Andrea. Thanks for coming.\" \"No problem. Listen, I neeed to tell you--\" she started to say. \"Shh, let me say something first,\" he interupted. He took his hand out from behind his back and gave Andrea a single red rose. Andrea took it, surprised. Then she heard it sound of a guitar played in a soft, romantic way. Then, what surprised Andrea the most was Dean started singing to her. Her. Andrea Carson. He sang,r\"Everyday when I look into your eyes I notice how beautiful you are rI notice how beautiful you are rEveryday when I see your smilerI can't stop myselfrI gotta smile back When we aren't togetherrI feel so empty insiderI just wish we could be togetherrOh, Andrea, I love everything about you rIs it true?rIs it true what they say?rWill we ever get together?\" Now, Andrea was listening to every word with tears in her eyes. No guy has ever sung to her. \"Andrea? I like you a whole lot,\" Dean told her. Andrea opened her mouth but nothing came out. Instead she put her arms around Dean's neck and kissed him with all her love. A minute later, Dean pushed back and said,\"So, does that mean you like me too?\" Andrea laughed, and found her voice ,\"Of course.\" Then they juat stayed there holding eachother swaying to the sound of Andrew's guitar. A few feet away from them, where Andrew stood playing his guitar, Kelly said,\"We did it...well, Dean did it.\" \"Yeah. they look really happy,\"Andrew said not smiling. \"You don't seem happy, though,\" Kelly pointed out. \"I am, it's just...nevermind,\" Andrew said. Kelly lookedat him. Andrew stood there playing his guitar. 'There must be something on his mind,' Kelly thought. \"Andrew??\" she asked. \"Yeah?\" \"You play the guitar really well,\" Kelly said smiling. Andrew smiled back. \"Thanks.\" Andrew found that he as perfectly happy with his guitar in hand and Kelly standing next to him. Although, he was not as happy as Andrea. She wished her and Dean could stay close like this forever. __________________________________________________ A/N: That's the final chapter!! I really had fun writing this fanfic!! I am planning on writing a sequel, but now I will be finishing my Zenon fic since I know have an idea for it!! YAY! :-)rThanks to all my reviewers!! rOh, yeah! Tell me what you think of this last chapter! :-) ","Summary":" A/N:I updated this chapter a bit, by correcting some misspelled words, adding a couple of words, an"},{"Movie":"Storks","Title":"Storks: Junior and Tulip Love Story","Author":"I. M. Rally","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12337232","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi, everybody! This is my first Storks fanfic, and I hope you like it! Yes, there was going to be JuniorxTulip romantic scenes, with an extra help with my OC. Tell me what do you think by reviewing it or PM me. Ever since storks delivered babies again, Junior, formerly co-boss, now the boss of Stork Mountain, and Tulip, the co-boss and Junior's best friend, work so hard to make new babies for the parents who asked them. Although, it was only one year after Cornerstore was gone, there aren't enough storks to deliver babies on time to their parents as they're running out of storks. Some got tired, some got sick from the weather, some have broken body parts, and some are occupied to deliver more than one baby at the same time. So, Junior and Tulip hire more storks, even other types of birds, and one human, who came from another world. One day, Junior flew inside the baby factory to check if everything's turned out well as he greeted his fellow storks. \"Good job, everybody! Looking good! Keep up the good work!\" Then, he called the new human who was holding a clipboard and wrote something on it with a pen. \"Great work in listing, Aggie!\" \"Thanks. Mr. Junior!\" Aggie responded with a thumb up. Agatha Galido was a 22-year-old girl who lives from another world. She has long black hair, fair skin, brown eyes, and wore a white dress, brown fedora with a pink bow in front, black shoes, and glasses. Although, she's 22, her height is like an average size of a 13 or an 11-year-old kid (61.7\" [156.7 cm]), almost look innocent and younger than Tulip, but was also as mature as the older characters. Aggie worked in Stork Mountain for five months, assigning each stork to deliver a baby, giving them the babies' addresses, reporting weather conditions, and checking the total number of babies delivered in one day. When another day is done, all storks return to Stork Mountain, and having the rest time there and take their dinner at the Dinner room. Junior clanged the glass with a spoon, \"Attention! Can I have everybody's attention?!\" Everyone stopped eating, and looked at him as Junior cleared his throat. \"Thank you. So, as the boss of Stork Mountain, I would like to congratulate all of you for another success of baby delivering!\" When they heard this announcement, everyone in the room cheered for themselves and applauded. \"Also, I would like Agatha Galido to announce us the results of today's baby delivering.\" He pointed Aggie, who was eating a sandwich with the other storks between them, at the other table Aggie stood up, took her clipboard, and walked in front to announce, \"Well, Mr. Junior, according to my list, we just delivered 150 babies today! It's a new record!\" Everyone cheered and applauded about Aggie's announcement. \"What do you mean 'new record'?\" Tulip asked. \"Well, Ms. Tulip, yesterday's result was 120, because some of the storks can't handle the weather, like that guy over there.\" Aggie pointed the stork that was shivering and wrapped in bandages around his wing, head, and left leg. \"It was hail in New York.\" The injured stork stammered. \"I know I'm just a new working girl here in this world and in Stork Mountain, but I suggested that we should do something to protect these birds from any bad weather conditions. I don't want them to get sick or hurt.\" Aggie added. \"Even though you're new here for five months, but I think you might be right, Aggie.\" Tulip smiled, \"And I know just a thing.\" She showed her new invention. \"This is called an Umbrella hat. When birds wear this, it can protect them from getting wet from the rain.\" All the storks and other birds nodded with this suggestion. \"Then, it settled.\" Junior hammered the spoon on the table, it's like they were in a court, agreeing the suggestion. Later, after eating dinner, Aggie used her ID to open the door, and entered the locker room, where other storks chat around, and checking their lockers. They stopped of what they were doing, and spotted Aggie, waving 'hi' to them. They greeted her nicely. \"Hi, Aggie.\" \"Great work back there, girl.\" \"You did an awesome job.\" Aggie started to blush as she opened her locker, since everyone knew that she's the only girl/human in the room, but she won't mind, even the storks won't mind. \"Oh, guys. You're all nice. I'm just doing my job. Hey, do you have free time this weekend? It's my month-sary of my arrival here, and everybody is invited to my party in my place.\" But the storks rejected her invitation. \"Sorry, girl, I promise my wife for another date this Saturday.\" \"I have to spend time with my kids.\" \"Family reunion.\" Aggie just stared in silent, then shrugged, \"Oh, that's fine. I can see that you're busy. Don't worry, I can invite someone else.\" When she closed her locker, she saw Pigeon Toady below her. \"Nice work back there, bra.\" He smiled. \"Thanks, Pigeon Toady,\" Aggie deadpanned. She's not really comfortable with Pigeon Toady around. It's not like she doesn't like him, but he's pretty annoying to her and, according to everyone, he was more of a tattle tale. Pigeon Toady took out his phone, and showed Aggie a picture of his 'girlfriend' who was a goose. \"Check out my girlfriend. She's real, she migrated.\" \"I thought she migrated last year.\"Aggie reminded. \"And she migrated again.\" Said Pigeon Toady. \"And…\" \"I don't want to know it all.\" Aggie opened her locker again, and took out her clipboard. \"Right now, I need more papers for the list tomorrow and… Holy Rabies! I forgot to tell the boss about the water-bottle suggestion! I better tell him that.\" She rushed out of the locker room, and went outside to find the elevator. Meanwhile, just got out from the dinner room, Junior and Tulip walked through the hallway to find the elevator. \"Well, we did a very great job.\" Junior started to chat. \"Yeah, especially that Aggie.\" Tulip added. \"A girl from another world is kinda… cool, and does a very good at job at this.\" \"Yeah, she's 22. She's older than you, Tulip, but she looks 13 years old to me, and she acts more childish.\" \"You read her profile. She doesn't want to be a grown-up, and never acts like any grown adults. She loves being a kid.\" Just then, the duo finally found the elevator. Junior pressed the up button. The top floor is where the boss' office is. They entered the elevator, and Tulip pressed the top floor for Junior. \"Yeah, I know Aggie's been like that.\" Junior continued the conversation. \"But she's smart and kind just like you.\" Tulip blushed. \"You think I'm smart and kind?\" \"Yeah, I mean, when Diamond Destiny was made, you decided to deliver her so she wouldn't be an orphan, like you. It was a good choice.\" The stork smiled. Tulip twirled a strand of her hair, and blushed. \"Thanks, but you also the same as I am.\" \"What do you mean? I'm not so smart. I wasn't kind to you at first.\" \"It's true, but. Don't you remember? Hunter ordered you to fire me, but you didn't. Instead, you put me in a mail room. Then, you decided to help me delivering Diamond Destiny, you gave up the opportunity of being a boss by making a million babies, and you saved me and the baby when we fell. I have to say it's not only the smartest nor kind, but also the bravest thing you've ever done. And I never got a chance to say thank you… for everything.\" \"Um… your welcome.\" Junior's cheek turned red. When the elevator finally reached Junior's office, Junior and Tulip walked out of the elevator as they didn't noticed that the elevator goes down. It has to do with someone was going to use it. \"So, I'll see you tomorrow?\" Junior asked with an awkward smile. \"Because we still make a meeting about the Stork Mountain's 1st anniversary of re-making and delivering the babies again.\" \"Sure. We should continue working before something happens.\" Tulip said. \"Like what?\" \"Like, I don't know. Something unexpectedly?\" Tulip thought it was so stupid that she told Junior about what she called 'something happen' and 'unexpected'. Nothing is going to happen, except that something will happen between them. Suddenly, the elevator opened, and Aggie popped her head out, \"HEY!\" Junior and Tulip startled as they held to each other. \"Oh, Aggie, it's only you.\" Junior sighed in relief. \"Sorry for startling you, Mr. Junior.\" Aggie said. \"Oh no, Junior is fine. 'Mr.' makes me uncomfortable.\" \"Okay, so you're wondering why I'm here. I forgot to tell you about the water bottle suggestion. If the weather is very hot, like in Egypt, I'd like to suggest that storks should wear a travel belt pouch to put their cold water bottle so they won't get thirsty or heat stroke.\" She explained. \"Then, we should announce this tomorrow. Good suggestion, Aggie!\" Junior exclaimed. \"Thank you, Junior. Well, I must be…\" Aggie was about to walk back to the elevator, until she noticed something, \"Wait, what are you two doing?\" \"Well, we, uh…\" Junior and Tulip stammered. \"And why are you holding each other?\" The white girl smirked as she noticed that Junior's wings wrapped around Tulip's back, and Tulip's arm wrapped around Junior's back. \"It was nothing, really.\" Tulip let go of Junior. \"Yeah, we're just startled when you came in.\" Junior let go of Tulip, and smiled sheepishly. \"So can I come with you?\" Asked Tulip. \"Oh, sure.\" Aggie said as the two girls entered the elevator. Before the elevator closes, Junior waved 'goodnight' at them, \"Goodnight, girls.\" \"Goodnight, Junior!\" Aggie waved at him as Tulip just waved without saying 'goodnight'. When the elevator goes down, Aggie continued glancing and smirking at Tulip. Aggie was suspicious about Junior and Tulips relationship. Of course, she and everyone knew they're just friends, but Aggie has another thought. \"What?\" Tulip was confused why Aggie looked at her like that. \"Are you and Junior friends, Ms. Tulip.\" Aggie started to ask. \"Yeah, we're just friends.\" Tulip replied. \"And you just call me, Tulip.\" \"Really? Or more than that?\" \"What do you mean, Aggie? What's more than friends anyway?\" \"Well, you know…, do you have feelings for him?\" Tulip eyes widened as she blushed, \"What? No! That's ridiculous, Aggie! I'm a human, and he's a stork. It could never work.\" \"But there's no rule of falling in love with someone who wasn't your species, and species doesn't matter.\" Aggie said. \"How can you explain that?\" \"Hello, Tulip, you just talked to a girl who came from another world. I've been travelling through many different worlds for 12 years. I just discovered that love is the strongest feeling in the whole universe. You can't stop it. And, I have a secret: I've been in love with a bird from another world.\" When Aggie said that, Tulip was shock. Aggie continued the story. \"Yep, he was a cardinal flightless bird. He's name is Red. When he hatched from an egg, his parents were not there, and he has anger issues in his whole life. He was sent to Anger-management class, and I was sent there too, two minutes after him. That's how we met. Although, I have the power to transform into a bird, he still won't mind that I'm actually a human, and I won't mind that he's a bird. We still love each other for what we are.\" \"Love works for you because you two lived in different worlds.\" Tulip sighed. \"Junior and I lived in the same world.\" \"Oh, come on. In the world of Zootopia, that was another world, Judy was a rabbit, and Nick was a fox. They became best friends after they and I solved a case. But for me, they secretly have feelings for each other. I know they're both predator and prey, but their world is different. They're both lived in the same world. There's also no rule for them to have feelings.\" \"This is different, Aggie. Junior and I are just friends, and that is final!\" Aggie doesn't want to force Tulip on this or pressure her, not even Junior. If they were just friends, then so be it. \"Okay, if that's what you two are, just friends, I respected that.\" Just then, the elevator door opened. They were sent to a floor with hotel rooms. \"Well, this is my stop. Goodnight, Tulip. See ya tomorrow.\" \"See ya, Aggie.\" Tulip said as she pressed a button. When she was now alone in an elevator, Tulip began to think about what Aggie had said. She was right. Species doesn't matter when it comes to love, but Tulip doesn't know if she has feelings for her only best friend, Junior. Of course, they're just friends, but it's been a year since they worked together to deliver Diamond Destiny, and became co-bosses of Stork Mountain. When Junior was promoted as boss, they still stay strong in their friendship. \" Is it true?\" Tulip thought to herself. \"Am I having feeling for Junior? No, that's impossible, especially for our species. We're just friends. What if—What if Aggie was right? What if we treat each other more than just friends?\" So, what do you think? It's a start. It's the best I can do. I hope you like it! BTW, \"Holy Rabies\" was a quote from the movies, Hotel Transylvania 1 and 2, Red from Angry Birds movie was mentioned, and Judy and Nick from Zootopia was mentioned too. As you can see, Aggie said that she travelled through different worlds in 12 years, making all of her friends, including she mentioned before, a crossover. All of them will appear in other chapters. Expect more? Be patient. Tell me what do you think by review and comment, pls.[Chapter 2] The next day, following Aggie's suggestion, Junior allowed storks to where belt pouches, containing cold water bottles. Aggie started listing, and checking the addresses of the babies and the weather of the place. \"Address: Egypt; Weather: Very hot.\" She announced to a stork that was about to deliver a baby to Egypt. \"Remember to bring your belt pouch. It has cold water bottle in it in case you get thirsty. \"The stork saluted her as he took off while carrying a baby, and a belt pouch around its waist. Then, another stork was assigned to deliver another baby. \"Address: Philippines; Weather: Rainy, not too strong.\" Aggie said as she took out an umbrella hat, and put it on the storks head. \"Here, use this so you won't get wet.\" The stork blushed, and took off with the baby. As Aggie kept listing, she was called by a female stork, \"Aggie, the boss wants to see you.\" \" Junior wants to see me?\" Aggie thought to herself. \"Oh, I hope I'm not in trouble.\" When Aggie rode the elevator, she just stands still with her hands behind her back. She was so calmed and observed her surroundings. When the elevator stopped and opened, she saw Junior, working with some documents while eating a bowl of earthworms. \"Aggie.\" He called. \"Junior. Morning.\" Aggie said as she walked in. She saw small orange birds, which the ex-boss, hunter, used to play with as toys, were eating birdseeds. \"Hi, little birds.\" She greeted them. The smalls birds looked at her, and went smitten on her as their pupils transformed into little hearts. It's seems they have a crush on her. When Aggie was now in front of the desk, Junior stood up, and read her record, \"Aggie, I called you here because I have to say that you did a very great job today.\" \"Aww, thanks, Junior.\" Aggie smiled shyly. \"Oh, not only today, but everyday.\" \"Thanks Junior, but—\" \"I know you worked here for five months, but you did a very great job, so Tulip and I decided to promote you.\" \"I-I don't know, Junior.\" Aggie felt uncomfortable when it comes to promotions, \"I'm just doing my job, and helping people. I'm not sure I'm ready for a promotion.\" \"Don't be silly, Aggie.\" Junior dragged Aggie with him near the open window, \"Last year, Tulip and I became co-bosses of Stork Mountain, but seven months later, before you came here, I was promoted boss, and I accepted it, and Tulip remained a co-boss. So, I promoted you as my and Tulip's assistant.\" Aggie's eyes widened and gasped loudly with surprise when she heard this opportunity, \"A-a-a-assistant?! That's… that's great!\" She grabbed Junior's wing, and shook it faster with hyper appreciation, \"Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you! And I promise, I'll try my best to do this job.\" \"Oh, you're not doing only this job, you can still work in the baby factory room.\" Junior smiled. \"Oh, yeah, that, too. I can do both! So, is there anything else?\" \"No. You can go.\" \"But before I go, can I ask you questions?\" \"Oh, of course.\" \"So, what's with between you and Tulip?\" Junior's eyes widened when he heard Aggie's 'rare' question, \"What are you talking about? Tulip and I are just friends, that's all.\" Aggie groaned as she rolled her eyes, \"Ugh, same question, same answer. Are you two just friends? Best friends? Or more than friends?\" With a sly look on Aggie's face, Junior looked so nervous with a little sweat on his forehead. He's not sure if he's going to answer his new assistant correctly, \"No! We're just good friends! She's a human, and I'm a stork. That wouldn't work\" \"Wow! You and Tulip have so much in common.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I asked Tulip last night the same questions, and she answered the same answers you just told me. Oh come on, Junior, I fell in love with a bird from another world, and we don't mind we're different species. There's no rule of falling in love who was not your species.\" \"Yours is different, Aggie. You and your birdfriend are in different worlds. Tulip and I were in the same world.\" Junior sighed. \"Still it doesn't matter. I know you have feelings for her. You care for her. You two were so close.\" \"No, I don't have feelings for her. And I don't care for her when we first met.\" \"Oh, really?\" Aggie smirked. \"I heard some of the storks said that you never fired Tulip when your ex-boss ordered you to. Why didn't you fire her?\" \"Because, uh…\" The stork started to stammer, and his body shakes nervously, \"Because, I don't have the heart to do that.\" Aggie gasped, \"I know now! Because you like her. You care for her.\" \"What?!\" He startled, \"That's not the answer, Aggie.\" \"Yes, it is. Tulip told me before you kept her in the mail room, instead of firing her, and you helped deliver a baby. I think you like like her.\" \"Don't be ridiculous! I did that all, not because I care, because I want to be a boss.\" Junior yelled. \"Oh, I get it. You don't like like her, you LOVE her.\" Aggie added. \"Ha, ha, very funny, Aggie. I don't love her.\" He fake chuckled, \"I just like her as a friend.\" \"Oh, admit it, you silly stork.\" Aggie started poking Junior's wing. \"You love her.\" \"No, I don't.\" \"You love her.\" \"No.\" \"You love her.\" \"No.\" \"You love her.\" \"No.\" \"You love her.\" \"No.\" \"I can feel that you do.\" \"Not a chance.\" \"Come on!\" \"You can't handle the truth.\" \"Come on, admit it.\" She kept poking his wing, \"Love her, love her, love her, love her, love her…\" Junior got more annoyed by Aggie's blabbering and poking habit as he shouted loudly at her, \"NEVER!\" Aggie screamed as she jumped backward, but accidentally jumped through the window. Junior panicked when he scarred Aggie as he looked if she fell, but she held on to the edge of the window. \"Help!\" Aggie exclaimed helplessly. Junior extended his wing to her as Aggie grabbed it, and he pulled her back safely. \"Wow! Well, that was funny. You almost died.\" Junior chuckled as Aggie grasped her chest, fearing she's gonna die. I guess the lesson we learned today is… don't tell me that I love Tulip, right? Good talk.\" While Aggie still panting, grasping her chest in fear, she grabbed her clipboard, and walked towards the elevator, \"I think I should go.\" Junior felt guilty for Aggie about shouting at her. Although she's 22, quite older than him, she's still has a childish personality, \"Look, Aggie, I'm sorry a shouted at you.\" \"No, no, no, it's fine. You're the boss. You have the right to yell at me.\" Aggie grinned, still in fear. \"No, no. I really don't wanna do that. It was an accident. I don't know what's come in to me.\" He said. \"No, really Junior, it's fine. I'm the one who should be sorry. I annoyed you, and… that's all.\" Aggie pushed the down button, and the elevator door opened. She calmly walked inside, then turned to Junior, \"If you need me, anything else, call me.\" Then, the door finally closed. When Junior was now alone in his office, he groaned, and softly punched his head, \"Junior, what were you thinking?!\" He thought \"Aggie is just a little girl. You can't just shout at her like that. She's 20% immature. If Aggie' wasn't so young and innocent, I should fire her, but I can't because she's young and innocent like… like Tulip.\" He remembered the day how he first talked to Tulip, and never fired her. \"Wow, why am I get this feeling?\" When Aggie stepped out of the elevator, almost in fear, she was approached by Tulip. \"Hey, Aggie, what's up?\" She asked. \"Oh, nothing.\" Aggie replied. \"Just Junior promoted me as his and your assistant.\" \"Really?\" Tulip gasped. \"Yeah, he was a little scary for shouting at me, and I almost fell off the building.\" \"You what?\" \"Nothing.\" Aggie grinned sheepishly. Then, Pigeon Toady walked in the scene between the conversations of the two girls, \"Hey, ladies, what are you girls talking about?\" \"Uh, nothing, Pigeon Toady.\" Tulip said. \"We're just talking about girl stuff.\" Aggie deadpanned, still doesn't like Pigeon Toady. \"So, what are you doing here?\" \"Oh, I just want to talk to you about our meeting for the baby re-making anniversary next Monday.\" Pigeon Toady said. Suddenly, Tulip just remembered about it, \"The anniversary! I just remembered that! It's been a year since we make babies and deliver them again, and this Monday is the 1st anniversary!\" \"You don't say!\" Aggie gasped. \"I better tell Junior right away.\" Tulip was about to push the up button of the elevator, but Aggie stopped her. \"No, I'll do it.\" Aggie said, \"As your and Junior's new assistant, it's my duty to report anything.\" \"Wait, you're the new assistant?\" Pigeon Toady pointed. Tulip and Aggie glanced at each other in silence, then looked at the pigeon, \"Yes, and you want to tell anybody, go ahead! I won't mind.\" Yelled Aggie as she pressed the up button, and the elevator opened, \"So, I better go, and Tulip, if you have any new inventions, let me be your lab rat, okay?\" Although, Tulip didn't answer, the elevator closed, and rose until it reached Junior's office. When the elevator opened, Aggie rushed with her paper fell out. Junior was startled as he sat up straight. \"Aggie, what are you doing here back? I didn't call you.\" \"There's something I need to tell you.\" Aggie panted. \"You still have a meeting for the anniversary of the babies remaking day.\" Junior just remembered that as he jumped on top of his desk, \"What?! Oh, I just forgot again. Call the meeting tonight after all the storks deliver the babies, and…\" Then, Junior just remembered one important thing as he started to sob. \"What's wrong?\" Aggie asked. \"I just forgot that we don't have a party planner for the most important even!\" \"Wait, did you say 'party planner'?\" \"Yeah, this anniversary should the greatest event, and it should be so special, it has to be a party, but no one here knows how to make a party.\" Junior sat down on his sit, feeling helpless. Then, Aggie began to smile, \"I'll do it!\" Junior snapped out from being helpless, and looked at Aggie, \"What?\" \"I'm also a party planner all my life.\" She said. \"I also plan weddings, birthdays, anniversaries, all occasions.\" \"Do you think you should make a party this Monday?\" \"Sure, but I just need my friends from different worlds to help.\" \"All of your friends are invited as long as they help you with the party.\" \"Deal!\" Aggie gave Junior a thumb up. \"Oh, I almost forgot, it was Tulip's birthday this Friday.\" Junior said. Aggie gasped, \"Really?\" \"Yeah, and I really need your help, since you're good in friendship things, can you help me find a perfect gift for Tulip?\" Aggie gave Junior a sly smirk, \"Ooh, looks like somebody is going to admit sooner.\" \"It's a birthday friend gift, Aggie!\" The stork yelled. \"Alright, alright, although I have my monthsary after the birthday, but I have to cancel it. It's not important anyway. So, I'll better start planning while listing.\" Aggie walked back to the elevator again. \"Thank you so much, Aggie. I owe you.\" Junior winked at her. \"You should be. I had almost 20 jobs already!\" It's about time she said that as the elevator door closed. So, this is another chapter. I hope you guys like it![Chapter 3] Here's the romantic scene between Junior and Tulip, and I hope you'll like it. Pls review When Aggie kept listing while planning for the anniversary party and the storks kept delivering babies, the baby-making machine suddenly stopped itself, and there are some babies were not made yet. The workers stopped and starred at the baby making machine. It's not working anymore. \"Hey, what's going on here?\" Tulip came and asked. \"We don't know, Tulip.\" Aggie replied. \"The baby making machine has just stop working. We don't know why.\" \"Okay, all of you! Take a day off!\" Tulip called all of the workers in the room, \"I'll handle this!\" \"Are you sure?\" Aggie asked. \"Ags, I'm also a mechanist, so don't worry, I can handle any machines, even this big.\" Tulip pointed the baby making machine with pride. With all the workers nodded at each other and at Tulip, they all walked out of the room, leaving Tulip alone with her toolbox and started to work. It's been 3 hours, and Tulip still can't figure out what the problem with the baby making machine, even the workers are curious why Tulip took it so long. Meanwhile, at his office, Junior wondered why there are no storks flew outside to deliver babies, and even his assistant wasn't here and hasn't report yet. Junior stood up, and walked towards the elevator. He decided to check the problem himself. When he reached the room where the birds are waiting, Junior heard storks gossiping about the day off because of the command of Tulip, and when other storks finished delivering babies, some told them that the baby delivering was postpone today. Junior was curious why Tulip gave the workers a day off. Luckily, he saw Aggie, still writing on her clipboard, probably planning for the anniversary party, \"Aggie, what's going on? What happened?\" He asked. \"The baby making machine stopped working, and Tulip gave us a day off so she can fix it.\" Aggie answered. \"So, she fixed it?\" \"I don't know. It's been three hours, and no sign of her. She's been staying there for too long.\" Junior began to worry as he nodded at Aggie, and flew to the baby factory room. \"Well, it's a good thing I've got double jobs.\" The white girl said to herself. As soon as Junior arrived in the baby factory room, he saw Tulip screwed a wrench under the controls of the machine. \"Tulip, what are you doing?\" Junior called. \"Oh, hi Junior!\" Tulip waved as she continued screwing the wrench, \"I'm just trying to fix the machine.\" \"But it's been hours, and I'm beginning to worry about you. I thought you're stuck in here.\" Tulip was touched, \"Aw, Junior, you're so sweet, but I can do this. Nothing is going to happen to me.\" \"But is there anything wrong with the machine?\" \"No, that's why I have to check the controls if there's any problem.\" \"I suggest that you need help, Tulip.\" \"It's okay, don't worry, I can handle this. Just as Tulip opened the cover, and extended her hand inside the controls, she felt something snapped, making her yelped in pain. \"Tulip, are you okay?!\" Junior began to panic with concern. Tulip tried to pull her hand out, but it was stuck, \"Junior, help! My hand!\" \"I told you so! You needed help.\" Junior groaned as he ran unto Tulip, and helped her get her hand out. \"Ow, my hand!\" Tulip sobbed as they saw her hand wounded and blood almost rolled down to her arm. \"Oh no, don't worry,\" Junior took out a first aid kit from his back, \"Like Aggie always says 'Always bring your medical kit.'\" Junior and Tulip sat down to calmed the injured hand, and Junior took out a small bottle of iodine, cotton balls, and bandages. He applied a little amount of iodine on a cotton ball, and rubbed on Tulip's wounded hand. \" Poor Tulip, working so hard.\" Junior thought to himself, \"Why should she be doing this by herself?\" While applying iodine on her hand, he felt something nice while comforting Tulip's hand, \" Wow, her hands are so smooth. Is she using lotion? Oh, what was I thinking?\" When he took out a roll of bandages from the kit, he looked at Tulip, who slightly looked at him with a smile on her face, \"She's so beautiful. How come I never noticed that?\" Tulip looked at her wounded hand that was comforted by Junior's wing. She felt that there are butterflies in her stomach, \"O h my gosh. He held my hand.\" She thought to herself. \"He has soft feathers. It feels so good.\" Then she looked at Junior with a smile on his beak while wrapping her hand with bandages. \"He's so handsome…, Oh what was I thinking?\" When Junior finished wrapping Tulip's hand, they noticed that he held her hand. They starred at them for 30 seconds, then looked at each other's eyes. Junior saw sparkles through Tulip's green eyes, while Tulip starred Junior's eyes, not so sparkling but, to her, he's still charming. Junior can feel his heart beating while he starred at Tulip's eyes. The two snapped out as they coughed in embarrassment. \"Well, uh, I hope I wrapped your hand well.\" Junior chuckled. \"Yeah, it's fine. Thank you.\" Tulip smiled. When they smiled at each other, they just remember about the baby maker machine. \"I think we should fix this… together.\" He suggested. \"Agreed.\" She said as they get to work. It's been 30 minutes, and they haven't found the problem of the machine yet. \"Ugh, we've been checked this machine for too long, we checked every part of it, and we still haven't found the problem.\" Junior groaned frustratingly. \"And I'm also tired.\" \"Me too.\" Tulip cleaned the oil stain from his cheek. \"Maybe we should take a break.\" Junior nodded as he and Tulip sat on the floor and starred at the baby maker machine to figure out the problem. Suddenly, Tulip can't starred at the machine too long as she slowly place her head on Junior's shoulder, and fell asleep. Junior started to blush when he felt his shoulder carried Tulip's sleepy head. He placed his wing around her shoulders to pull her closer to him, and laid his head on Tulip's. He smiled when he saw her sleeping peacefully on his shoulder , and comforted her. Suddenly, the baby making machine is functioning again, making Tulip woke up from her slumber. She realized she fell asleep on Junior's shoulder and surrounded by his wings, and blushed. \"What happened?\" Junior heard Tulip's voice, realizing she woke up. In panic, he let go of Tulip, pretending he's not blushing. \"Um… I don't know. The machine began to work again!\" Junior and Tulip stood up, and looked at the machine that was functioning actively than before. Since Tulip told the workers that they have to take a day off, she switched off the machine, and looked at Junior, \"Well, we can do the delivering tomorrow.\" \"Yeah, everyone deserves a day off.\" Junior agreed. \"Come on, let's get out of here. We have to take you to the clinic.\" The two reached the clinic to get Tulip's hand fix. The stork nurse added a little amount of antibiotic gel on Tulip's wounded hand, and wrapped it with bandages again. Suddenly, Aggie bursts in from the door, panting while holding a book, \"Hey guys, there's a manual about the baby making machine. I think we should use this to fix it.\" \"Uh, Aggie, we already fixed it.\" Junior said. \"Oh, how?\" \"We don't know.\" Tulip replied. \"Junior and I took a break after we tried to find the problem, and then, the machine functioned by itself again, even more active than before.\" \"Well, what if we should read this to check why the machine stopped and worked itself again.\" The white girl suggested. \"Good idea, Aggie. Hand it over to me.\" Tulip extended her arm that has the injured hand to Aggie, but Junior stopped her. \"Tulip, you're hand. I'll do it.\" Junior warned, then turned to Aggie, \"Aggie, hand it to me.\" \"Okay.\" The girl nodded as Aggie handed the book over to Junior. The trio opened the book, and read it. \"Hmm, it says, 'the baby making machine stop functioning when there's not enough amount of love contained by it, but it can be refilled by… love? When there's love in the air, the machine feeds from it, and functions again. The stronger love is, the machine became active… to make… babies.'\" \"That's right!\" Aggie exclaimed. \"When a man and woman love each other, and married, they have their own babies. It was the love that create babies, but who released love inside the room anyway?\" Junior and Tulip think it was quite awkward they did back there. They realized they are the ones who released the love that the machine needed when they starred each other's eyes, and the… hand touching thing. Both eyed each other with a slight blush in their cheek. Junior also felt his heart beating. \"Well, that's awkward.\" He chuckled sheepishly as he closed the book. \"And weird.\" Tulip added. \"And romantic.\" Aggie sighed. \"What?\" Junior and Tulip almost heard what Aggie said. \"Nothing!\" Aggie grinned sheepishly when she looked at her boss and co-boss slightly glaring at her. Aggie was being sarcastic when she questioned who released love in the baby factory room. She knew they were Junior and Tulip who released the love, and the machine fed from them \"Well, since we all have a day off, let's plan for the anniversary party tonight.\" Junior said. \"Good idea.\" Tulip stood up, and the three walked out of the clinic. When Tulip went to her workshop, leaving Junior and Aggie alone in the elevator, Junior leaned on Aggie's ear, and whispered. \"Hey, did you have a suggestion of what I should give to Tulip on her birthday tomorrow?\" \"Why are you whispering?\" Aggie asked. \"We're the only two people in the elevator.\" \"Yeah, but what if someone's hearing this?\" \"Don't be silly. No one's here except us.\" \"Then, why are you whispering?\" \"Because it's fun. I like it.\" Junior rolled his eyes as he was annoyed by Aggie's childish personality, and stopped whispering to her. \"So, what should I give to Tulip?\" \"Junior, gifts don't need to be perfect.\" Aggie explained. \"It should have a meaning. And why do you need it to be perfect? You're not Tulip's boyfriend…, yet.\" \"It's just… because… I'm her best friend, and I want her to like it.\" Junior shook his head. \"And that's it! You're her best friend, and best friend should know what perfect gift to give for another best friend, and I believe it's up to you find a gift for Tulip, while I'm going to eat! I'm hungry.\" When the elevator opened, Aggie walked out, and headed straight to the lunch room. Now he was alone, and went to his office. Junior sat on his chair frustratingly and exhaustingly, not only got tired of helping Tulip fixing the machine, but also thinking of a perfect gift for tulip. \" That's just perfect!\" Junior shouted in his head. \"Aggie wouldn't help me. I'll show up to Tulip empty handed. What should I give her?\" Just then, his phone rang, which almost startled him to death. He took out his phone, and saw Tulip called him. Although she was only in her workshop, but it's hard to ride an elevator anyway. He pushed the green button to answer, \"Hello.\" \"Hey, Junior. Are you feeling okay?\" Tulip asked. \"I'm fine, really.\" \"Good, because I just received a call from my dad few minutes ago, and my family prepared a party for me back home.\" \"Oh sure, you can celebrate your birthday with your family.\" \"And they want you there.\" \"What?!\" \"Oh come on, Junior, don't reject the invitation. My family likes you since I was delivered.\" \"Yeah, but isn't that embarrassing.\" \"No, not at all. Oh, please, Junior, come to my party! That's what friends do.\" \"Alright!\" Junior sighed in defeat, \"I'll come to your party tomorrow.\" \"Really?! That's great, Junior!\" Tulip exclaimed. \"We're gonna have so much fun with my family tomorrow. Bye.\" When they ended their call, Junior buried his head on the table, still thinking what should her give Tulip. \"Oh, what should I do? What should I give?\"[Chapter 4] It was her birthday, and Tulip went home to her family to celebrate her special day. When she arrived at the door, she rang the door bell, and her father, Teo, opened the door for her. \"Hi, dad!\" Tulip embraced her father. \"Happy Birthday, sweetheart.\" Teo hugged her back, \"So are you excited for your birthday party tonight?\" \"Oh yes! This is gonna be the best birthday party since now I can celebrate with my family!\" She exclaimed excitingly. Teo escorted Tulip in, and he closed the door. Tulip gasped when her whole family popped out from hiding, and yelled, \"HAPPY BIRTHDAY!\" The family gave Tulip a group hug. \"Sorry we never decorate the living room for your birthday.\" Her mother, Jane, apologized, \"So we decided to wait for you, and you're going to decide what we should decorate for your birthday.\" \"Oh, no need, mom.\" Tulip said, \"I just only invited three friends; Junior, Jasper, and a new friend, Aggie. She's my and Junior's assistant.\" \"Oh, you mean that stork, Jasper, who delivered you, and Junior, the stork you have a crush on?\" Her older brother, Rusty, asked. Tulip blushed in embarrassment, \"What? No! I don't have a crush on him. Junior's just a friend. That's all. I just want to cook food with you guys, so we should celebrate my birthday with my family and friends.\" \"Aaaawwwwww!\" Her family smiled as they started to work. Jane helped tulip how to cook dinner, while her younger siblings and cousins help too. Her father, grandparents, and older siblings cleaned the house for their guests tonight. Secretly, the kids make desserts in the end, and Jane baked a birthday cake for Tulip. Now, it was evening, and everything is all set. The house was clean, and the meals like soup, fish, seafood, cake, and other desserts like ice cream are now placed on the table. There's no time to wait for the visitors as Tulip sat in front of her birthday cake with candles that are shaped like number 19. One candle shaped 1, and the other one shaped 9. Her family sang her a birthday song. Happy Birthday to you Happy Birthday to you Happy Birthday, happy birthday, Happy Birthday, Tulip After the song, her family shouted to blow the candles and make a wish. Tulip closed her eyes to make her wish, and blew the candles. Before they could dig in to eat, they heard a doorbell ringing. \"I got it!\" One of Tulip's little sister, Julia, ran towards the door. Outside, it was actually Junior, who rang the doorbell. He was accompanied by Aggie and Jasper. They don't wear formal attire since it was only a birthday party. \"I can't believe you let me into this.\" Aggie glared at Junior with her headphones around her neck, \"You know I have lot of work to do!\" \"Aggie, please.\" Junior held his wing on her, \"We don't want Tulip to feel upset if one of her friends can't come on her birthday party because she is busy.\" \"Yeah, I can't reject Tulip's invitation.\" Jasper added, \"I don't want to miss my baby's birthday.\" \"Yeah, like when you orphaned her.\" Aggie said softly while covering her mouth. She doesn't want to hurt Jasper's feelings by remembering the day he orphaned Tulip. Then, Aggie noticed that only she and Jasper were holding presents for Tulip, but Junior doesn't have his, \"Uh, Junior, where's your present?\" When Junior realized that he doesn't hold his present, and search for it around his body, he gasped in horror, \"I don't have it. I forgot the present in my office!\" \"Why did you forget it?!\" Aggie shouted. \"I was in a hurry!\" Junior shouted back, \"I better go and get it.\" \"Ooh, looks like someone doesn't want his girlfriend to be upset on her birthday.\" Aggie smirked as Jasper did the same. \"Shut up, Aggie. She's not my girlfriend!\" He groaned as he spread his wings, ready to fly, \"I'll be back as quickly as I could.\" \"Too late.\" The assistant said as she grabbed Junior's wing, and the door opened. Julia's eyes widened in surprised as she cried to tulip, \"Hey, big sis, your friends and your boyfriend are here.\" \"What?!\" Junior's cheek turned red when Julia called him, Tulip's boyfriend . \"I knew it!\" Aggie laughed, much to Junior's annoyance. He grabbed Aggie's present, and put it on her mouth to keep her mouth shut. \"Actually, I'm not her boyfriend.\" He said to the little red-haired girl. \"I don't have a boyfriend.\" Tulip said when she went besides her sister. Then, she smiled when her friends are here. \"Junior, guys, you're here.\" She embraced Junior happily for coming to her party, then she hugged Aggie and Jasper, \"Come in, guys, I spent so much time with my family to cook our dinner this evening, and I just blew up my candles and made my wish!\" She guided her friends to enter the room. \"I'm sure your wish will come true soon.\" Junior smiled as Aggie and Jasper secretly smirked at Junior. \"So, don't be shy, Let's have some dinner.\" Tulip said. Aggie was the first to rush in and joined the family dinner, and Junior and Jasper joined in too. During dinner, Jasper took a piece of cake, and talked to Tulip's parents, \"Sir, ma'am, I am very sorry for not delivering your baby on time. I tried to deliver her, but there are a few accidents and…\" Jane placed her hand on his wing and said gently, \"It's okay. The most important thing is you delivered her to us. Good job.\" Meanwhile, the kids were playing with Aggie while she was eating a hot soup. She loves to play with kids. It's like she was a kid again. She has fun tickling the kids, while Junior chatted with Tulip's older siblings and grandparents. \"So, how's your job as boss in Stork Mountain?\" Rusty asked. \"Is it hard to deliver babies throughout these days?\" Tulip's grandmother, Callie, added. \"Do you have time to take yourself a break?\" Paolo, Tulip's older brother-in-law interrogated. \"Whoa, whoa, one at the time, fellas.\" Junior interpreted. \"Well, as boss in Stork Mountain is not really that hard. At first, I really want to be a boss, but I don't know why yet, until we made a million babies.\" When Junior started some kind of speech, everyone went silent, especially Aggie, who stopped playing, and Tulip, who was feeding her baby niece. \"Baby delivery is every stork's true calling. This is the heart of what storks were put on this Earth to do. This is our mission. We pride ourselves on customer service. Make a plan, stick to the plan, always deliver.\" With some listeners smiled and nodded at this speech, Aggie began to clap her hands as she was impressed by the boss' speech. Tulip's family clapped their hands too. Tulip listened to the speech, and smiled at Junior proudly. Hilda, Tulip's older sister and Paolo's wife, patted Junior's back, \"You're a fun stork, Junior. Hey, if you have enough time, you should go ask my sister to a date one of these days.\" She was referring to Tulip, which making Junior blush a little. \"You know, I'm not really an attractive bird, and I'm not really attractive to your sister.\" He said. \"Are you sure?\" Aggie smirked, \"What about that…?\" She was cut-off when Junior put a piece of cake on Aggie's mouth to keep her quiet. \"Well, maybe.\" The stork added, \"Well, there's a fun fair near the park. You should take her there, and hang out.\" Vanna, Tulip's cousin with glasses, suggested. \"Uh, I don't know.\" Junior rubbed his wing. \"Come on, sonny. It'll be fun.\" Varner, Tulip's grandfather, said. Junior tried to hesitate, but Tulip's younger siblings and the elder relatives chattered, \"Come on!\" \"Alright!\" Junior sobbed in defeat, \"I'll give it a shot.\" When the family cheered at Junior, Junior looked at Aggie with a nervous and helpless face, which he needed help if, ever, he asks Tulip for a 'date'. Aggie winked at him, giving a sign that she'll help him. \"Okay, that's enough, everyone!\" Teo announced. \"Who wants to give presents to our birthday girl?\" Everyone stood up as they took their presents, and gave them to Tulip. Junior just realized he forgot Tulip's present in his office. Tulip opened Aggie's present first, and took out a brown fedora and aviator goggles, \"Wow, Aggie. Thanks! I love them.\" She exclaimed \"Well, that's the least I can give.\" Aggie said, \"Now you have a hat, just like mine, except with a pink bow.\" Then, Tulip opened Jasper's present next, and took out a stork stuff toy, and it squeaks, \"Thanks Jasper.\" \"It was suppose to be my gift to you when you were a baby, but I didn't showed since I spent my years finding the pieces of your address beacon. I hope it's good.\" Jasper explained nervously. \"It was great, Jasper. I love it. Thanks.\" When Junior heard this, he thought that all of Tulip's gifts from her family, Aggie, and Jasper are perfect. Now, he felt a little ashamed when he realized he didn't bring his present to Tulip, and he thought that she might not like his gift to her. Since the family was distracted, Junior went outside for a fresh air. Tulip noticed him go as she gave the spoon to her baby niece, and followed Junior. Outside, Junior sat on a bench just beside the house to think of something. Tulip stepped outside, and found Junior, sitting on a bench quietly. \"Hey, are you okay?\" She asked. \"What? Oh yeah, I'm fine.\" Junior lied. \"You're not so fine to me. What wrong?\" Tulip was so concern about Junior, and wondered why he was not so enthusiastic today. Junior sighed, \"Tulip, I'm so sorry. I have a present for you for your birthday, but I forgot it in my office. I was supposed to get it, but you were there, and maybe you won't like my present.\" \"Oh, Junior.\" Tulip leaned and wrapped her arms around Junior, \"It doesn't matter you have a gift for me or not, nor I like it or not. The most important thing is you're here. And the most perfect gift is that you came, and happy for that.\" Junior felt the butterflies in his stomach when he felt Tulip's arms around him. He was a bit stunned, but he hugged Tulip in return happily, glad that he came to her party that makes his best friend happy. Unbeknownst to the duo, Tulip's family, Aggie and Jasper watched them hug with smiles on their faces. Oh, I was so touch when I made this chapter. I hope you like this! Pls review.[Chapter 5] Saturday afternoon, and everybody could go home early, including, Junior, who worked quickly to finish his fast last paperwork. He had to finish it because he'll be so busy today or tonight. He had to get ready for a 'hanging-out' time with Tulip to the fun fair. It's not a date. They're just hanging out as friends... or is it? Whatever it is, Junior promised Tulip's family to take her out to the fair anyway. *Flashback, last night.* While Junior was locked in Tulip's embraced, he was thinking that since he didn't have Tulip's present, he has a better idea, \"Hey Tulip.\" \" Yes, Junior?\" Tulip released the stork from the hug. Junior was too shy to say what he was about to say as he scratched his neck, and confessed, \"Do you plans for tomorrow?\" \" Uh, no.\" She replied. \"Why do you asked?\" \" Well, I was thinking of going to the fun fair that your family was talking about...\" \" Yeah?\" \" And I was thinking... would you like to... come with me?\" Tulip's cheek turned like the color of her hair, \"Uh, why do you want me to come?\" \" Because... I don't know any of this fun fair thing, and I need someone to keep me company.\" \" Well, I already know all about fun fairs, so sure. I would like to come with you.\" \" Great!\" Junior grinned nervously while blushing, the he cleared his throat, \"So, I'll pick up tomorrow afternoon at 3 o'clock?\" \" Sure. Meet you tomorrow!\" Tulip winked at him. *Flashback ends* Junior went to Aggie's room to ask help from her. He used her bathroom to clean his face using the sink, and applied feather gel on his head feathers. \"You look great. You're fine. Relax. Don't be nervous. Don't get to sweaty.\" Aggie said while lying down on her bed, and wrote something on her clipboard. \"Oh, I just want this hanging-out time to be unforgettable.\" Junior sighed as he combed his feathers. \"Geez, Junior, if it's just a hang-out, there's nothing to worry.\" Then, Aggie changed her mood with a sly look. \"Unless, of course, I was mistaken that you're very nervous right now, it means it's not a hang-out you're preparing at all. It's actually a date.\" Junior dropped his comb, and started to blush while standing still like a statue with his eyes widened. He walked out of the bathroom, and glared at Aggie. \"It's not a date, Agatha! I swear it's not.\" \"Then, why are you using my bathroom?\" \"Because yours is cleaner! And if I prepare for a date, I should be wearing a formal tuxedo, and holding a bouquet of flowers.\"' \"Like what you did right now?\" Aggie pointed Junior's clothes, and a bouquet he was holding. Junior realized that he was indeed wearing a formal tuxedo, and held a bouquet of tulips. He threw the flowers aside, and removed his tuxedo. \"Well, that was embarrassing.\" He chuckled embarrassingly. \"Well, I better go. Tulip's probably waiting for me. I can't keep her waiting.\" \"Wait! You can't go to fun fair like that.\" Aggie said as she got up, and went to her closet, \"You should wear something. Something normal. It's not really special.\" She took out a red and white striped tie. \"How about this?\" \"A tie?\" \"Red and I made ties for me to become more boy-ish, so we made three. This is my extra. So you should borrow it.\" \"Oh, no, no, Aggie. I don't need it.\" Junior hesitated, but Aggie already put the tie all over Junior's neck. \"You don't have to this, Ags.\" \"Junior, I'm also your friend, and I love helping friends, like you, and I want this 'hanging-out' time of yours to be unforgettable with Tulip. So, go there, and have fun.\" \"Okay, thanks.\" Before Junior headed to the door, he looked at Aggie with demanding and glaring eyes, \"But you will not tell anyone about this.\" \"What? Why?\" She asked. \"Everyone—oh wait, no one is betting yet, but I'm sure everyone won't mind.\" \"Aggie, please, don't tell anyone, yet.\" Junior begged, \"To be honest, I'm not really sure if I have something for Tulip, and maybe everyone thinks that she and I were a thing, but we're not, so please, cover this for me.\" Aggie rolled her eyes and sighed. \"Alright, I'll try best.\" \"Really?\" \"Cross my heart and hope to fly, stick a cupcake in my eye.\" Junior was confused of what Aggie was doing, \"Uh, what was that?\" \"That was called 'Pinkie promise.'\" Aggie explained, \"A pony friend from another world called Equestria, taught me that kind of promise so you will trust me. And losing a friend's trust is the fastest way to lose a friend forever! I don't want that to happen.\" \"Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you, Aggie.\" Junior hugged Aggie tightly as Aggie almost can't breathe. \"You're the best assistant and friend ever.\" When Junior let go of Aggie and headed to the door, she gasped for air, and said, \"Sure. Whatever. Just doing my job.\" \"And thanks for borrowing your bathroom.\" He said before closing the door. \"You're welcome.\" She smiled, then turned to angry, \"Darn, I have to clean it myself!\" Meanwhile, at Tulip's house, Jane helped her daughter to get ready for her hanging-out time with her best friend to the fun fair. \"Mom, it's not a date. Junior and I just hanging-out.\" Tulip said to her mom, who was finding something for Tulip to wear. \"Exactly, so I came to help you to get ready.\" Jane took out a T-shirt that has 'T & J' on it, \"This is gonna be an unforgettable hang-out.\" \"Mom, what is that?\" Tulip asked, pointing the T-shirt. \"Oh, this is my T-shirt that your dad gave to me when we're teenagers, and now, you're going to wear this.\" Her mother explained. \"Oh, and it has initials on it. 'T' means you, Tulip, and 'J' means Junior.\" \"Moooooom!\" Tulip chuckled loudly with her cheeks turned red. \"Come on, you should wear this. It'll be fun.\" When Tulip came out from the bathroom to wear the T-shirt her mother gave to her, she was blushing when she wore it with blue jeans. \"Mom, Junior's going to laugh at me.\" \"Nonsense, darling. You look great,\" Jane smiled. When Tulip went downstairs, her older siblings and cousins have gone 'wow' at her in amazement. \"Wow, Tulip, you look just like mom when you wear that T-shirt.\" Rusty said. \"Yeah, I hope this Junior stork guy likes it.\" Her fat cousin, Scott, smirked. \"He's like a fun guy for Tulip.\" Hilda winked. \"Guys, Junior and I are just friends, and we're going to hang out at the fun fair.\" Tulip reminded them. \"It's not a date.\" \"We know, it's just... we're happy for you that you have a good friend, cous.\" Vanna squealed. Tulip rolled her eyes, and checked the clock. It says it was 3:00pm. \"Oh no, it's 3 o'clock. I better get going.\" \"Is Junior going to pick you up?\" Teo called. \"Oh, I forgot to tell him that I should go back to Stork Mountain, so it won't be so hard for him. Bye guys.\" Tulip rushed out, and closed the door. Back at Stork Mountain, Junior fixed his tie that Aggie gave to him, and was about to fly to pick Tulip up from her house, but he heard a familiar voice behind him. \"Hey, Junior!\" \"Tulip?!\" Junior turned around, and saw Tulip, wearing a T-shirt and blue jeans, much different from her original clothes. \"What are you doing here? I was about pick you up to your house.\" \"Oh, I was thinking that I shall pick you up, for, you know, for a change.\" Tulip explained. \"But how did you get here when I haven't picked you up yet?\" \"Don't you remember that I used my aircraft to fly all the way to my family's house? So, I used it again to fly here.\" \"Oh, yeah, I forgot.\" Junior smiled awkwardly, then noticed her T-shirt. \"Hey, Tulip, what's that you're wearing?\" Tulip looked at the t-shirt she was wearing, and blushed a little, \"Oh, it's from my mom. She wore this when she was a teenager. Is it bad?\" \"No, it's...\" \"Oh, I should've known. I told mom that...\" \"No, actually, it looks cute on you.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah, it's nice.\" Junior doesn't want to mention the 'T&J;' initial on Tulip's T-shirt because he doesn't want to make things awkward between the two. \"Junior, where did you get that tie?\" Tulip interrupted. \"This tie?\" Junior looked at the red and white striped tie. \"Oh, Aggie gave it to me, but I told her I don't need this. I better take this off.\" \"No!\" Tulip stopped him, \"I think that tie looks good on you.\" \"Wow, really? Honestly?\" \"Yeah, it looks like Christmas tie.\" Junior and tulip looked away from each other and blushed when they comment each other clothes. \"So, shall we go?\" Junior asked. \"To the fun fair?\" \"Yeah, I'm so excited for it!\" Tulip shouted excitingly, \"Fun fair, here we come!\" At Junior's office, where Aggie was busy, writing the plans for the anniversary party, a few stork workers, including Pigeon Toady and Jasper, came out of the elevator with their mugs of coffee, and entered the office, where they saw Aggie. \"Hey, Aggie.\" One of the storks greeted, \"Is it okay to come here and chat with you for a while?\" \"Yeah, we noticed you from downstairs that you're pretty busy. You need some company while planning for the anniversary party this Monday.\" A female stork worker added. \"Oh sure. I really need some company right now.\" Aggie agreed as she put her clipboard on the desk, and stretched her arms up. When her work friends start chatting, Aggie won't mind but to listen to what they are gossiping, until she heard a soft beep. She saw in Junior's computer, a video from the security cameras spotted Junior and Tulip headed to Tulip's workshop together. \"Holy Rabies.\" She squeaked nervously and softly as she quickly turned off the video, and quickly faced her work friends, who were turning around, and facing her. Aggie gave them a nervous grin and a thumb-up. The birds didn't mind her as they continue to chat. When they did, more videos of Junior and Tulip being together appeared around the room. Aggie started to panic. She promised Junior that no one would ever found out that he was hanging out with Tulip until he will be the one to announce that. And if ever she broke a promise, Junior will lose his trust on her, and losing a friend's trust is the fastest way to lose a friend forever! Aggie doesn't want to let that happen. \"No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no ,no!\" Aggie stammered in panic as she tried to figure out how to turn off the screens before her work friends find out. \"How to turn this thing off?\" She tried to push any buttons on the keyboard to shut the screens off, but more and more screens showed more videos. \"Why are there so many screens? What kind of stupid office is this?\" Finally, she found the plug of the computer, and unplugged it before the birds see it. Aggie sighed in relief and wiped the sweat off of her forehead. At Tulip's workshop, Junior and tulip hopped on the aircraft, and Tulip wore her aviator goggles. \"Well, ready to fly? I'll drive this time.\" \"Of course, you'll drive, I don't know how to use this, you know.\" Junior said as Tulip started the engine, and the aircraft took off. The ride was not too long when they reach main land. The place where Tulip's family lived, but the two headed to the park. \"There's the parking lot. Let's land this here.\" Tulip pointed as she landed her aircraft on the empty spot of the parking lot. Junior and Tulip hopped out of the aircraft, he asked, \"Okay, where is this fun fair? Your family told me it was near the park?\" \"There it is!\" She pointed the direction of the fun fair. The only view they can see are two big Ferris wheels. \"Come on, let's go.\" Tulip grabbed Junior's wing, and ran excitingly to the fun fair. \"Whoa, Tulip, slow down!\" Junior can't pick up the pace when Tulip held his wing and dragged him too fast with her. When they reached the entrance, they saw many booths, containing games and snacks, two Ferris wheels, three carousels, two rollercoasters, a swing ride, spinning teacups, and water rides. Junior felt a little nervous and scared about this. He's never been to a fun fair before. He thought the rides are too dangerous for him or Tulip to ride on. \"Hey, let's go ride on that roller coaster.\" Tulip held Junior's wing again, and dragged him with her, rushing to one of the rollercoasters. \"Roller—what?\" Junior didn't know what roller coaster is as he followed Tulip anyway. When they hopped on the roller coaster when tightened their seatbelts, Tulip was so excited that she'd never ride on a rollercoaster before, neither do Junior. When the roller coaster moved up until it reached the top, it was stopped, which it confused Junior, \"Uh, why are we stop?\" \"Wait for it.\" Tulip said with her arms up, ready for something to happen. Suddenly, the roller coaster ran down faster in speed, making the riders scream in happiness, except Junior, who screamed in horror. It was a scary ride for him because of the speed of the roller coaster. When the ride move left, right, up down, and doing loop in an very, very, fast move, Junior became scarred and held on to Tulip in fear. When Tulip felt Junior embracing her, her scream slowly faded and began to blush. She felt that it was the same feeling she felt when she and Junior were alone in the baby factory room. Seeing how scarred junior is and whimpered in fear, she put one arm on junior's back to comfort him, and raised her other arm up as she continued screaming happily. When the ride is done, all riders hopped out of the roller coaster. Tulip knew the ride was over, but Junior still embraces her in fear and whimpered. \"Come on, Junior. The ride is over.\" Tulip said. Junior opened his eyes, seeing that rollercoaster finally stopped on the ground. He also realized he embraced tulip during the ride until now. He looked at her with almost panic eyes. She smirked at him, seeing how pretty Tulip is as Junior's heart thumped softly. Realizing he's still embracing Tulip, Junior quickly released Tulip, and grinned awkwardly. \"Um, that... was... really... fun.\" Junior's cheek almost turned red as he looked away from Tulip, and scratched his neck. \"Well, come on.\" Tulip grabbed his wing again, and the two hopped out of the rollercoaster. \"Come on, let's go some other rides!\" \"Wait, Tulip!\" Junior slipped his wing from Tulip's hand, and stopped, \"I think I'm not ready for another ride for now. Let's do something else.\" \"well, there are game booths here. We should do that!\" \"Game, what?\" Again, Tulip dragged junior to one of the game booths. It is a game that a player throws three balls to a pyramid with three bottles. \"I don't know about this, Tulip.\" \"IT's simple, Junior.\"Tulip paid the three balls first, then demonstrated, \"You've got three balls. You need to throw each of to hit those three bottles. If you hit them, you win a prize, but if you miss three throws, you lose.\" Although, it was only his first time, as so as tulip, Junior was ready for this new game he will experience. He rubbed his wings together, took a ball, kept an eye on the pyramid of bottles, and threw the ball, but he missed, much to his and Tulip's frustration. Luckily, there are two more balls left. Junior threw another ball, but missed and it bounced back to him, through his back to his throat, making the stork choked. Tulip quickly squeezed Junior's stomach, and he choked out the ball from his throat. \"Thank, Tulip.\" Junior coughed. \"Don't mention it.\" Tulip nodded. \"So, come on, you can still win this.\" When he heard tulip's supportive cheer, Junior took the last ball, narrowed his eyes for a better sight of the three bottles in front of him, believing he will win this for tulip, and threw the ball harder as he can. In slow-mo, Junior and Tulip looked at the flying, ball, headed straight forward to the bottles, and... CRASH! The pyramid of bottles fell apart when the ball hit them. \"YES!\" Junior and Tulip jumped in air happily, and high-five at each other. When Junior received his prize, a giant brown teddy bear, he smiled when Tulip cheered for him for winning his first game and first prize, but handed it to her. \"Here, Tulip, you take it.\" \"What? Oh no, Junior, you won this, you take it.\" Tulip hesitated. \"Nah, I don't need this, and you thought me how to play this game, so this prize belongs to you.\" Junior insisted. With no other choice, Tulip took the giant teddy bear, and hugged it tightly, \"Thank you.\" Seeing his best friend smile always makes Junior happy. The next thin they do was riding a carousel. Tulip has so much fun since it was her first time riding on a carousel, but Junior, on the other hand or wing, he has less fun. While riding on a horse, up, down, and around, he felt sick like he was about to puke. He felt so dizzy and tried to hold his beak. After riding the carousel, they ride on the spinning teacup next. Although it's fun for them to ride on it at first when they ride in the same teacup, but when they're still in the middle of the ride, the two felt dizzy and sick. It's a good thing brought each their barf bag. Junior and tulip got out of the spinning teacup ride with their eyes spinning in dizziness. They stop riding for a while, and play more games. They play ring toss, balloon pop, water gun shooting, dance dance revolution. They also played high striker. Junior tried first, but he's not strong enough for rising the pluck to reach the bell, neither as Tulip as she missed hitting the lever. Before Tulip can hit anything or anyone, junior caught her, and helped her hit the lever. When they hammered the lever together, the pluck rose up and finally hit the bell. Junior and Tulip cheered for themselves and for each other as they high-five again. They took another ride again on a water boat ride. They both share the same ride, and they got splashed by water, even though, they are in an inflatable boat. Junior hates himself getting wet as he tried to dry himself, but Tulip threw water on him, and laughed, which making him wet again. Junior threw water on her in return, making her wet too. The two enjoyed throwing water at each other. They won't mind if they got wet. When they got off the ride, Junior and Tulip stopped by at the snack booth to eat. Junior volunteered to buy them some snacks while Tulip found a seat for them to eat. Junior ordered two baskets of fish and chips, French fries, and two cups of soda. The two ate their snacks, chatting about... whatever they were talking, and laughed at some of their jokes. Junior noticed Tulip's tired face while taking a sip. \"Hey, you're tired.\" \"No, Junior, I'm fine.\" Tulip resumed eating. \"Maybe we should go home.\" Junior suggested, \"It's almost dark.\" \"No, Junior. I was having fun. We're just having fun.\" \"I know, but we've been staying here for hours, and I'm also tired. I still have to prepare for the anniversary party for two days.\" \"Can we ride just one last ride? Please.\" Tulip released her cuteness by turning her eyes into puppy-begging eyes. Junior can't took his eyes off of those puppy eyes. He can't even resist the cuteness. He sghed in defeat and groaned, \"You promise?\" \"Yes!\" She grinned. \"Alright! But just one last. So, where we should take a ride?\" \"How about that?\" Tulip pointed the big Ferris' wheel, which made Junior a little scarred. \"Uh, Tulip, are you sure that ride is safe?\" He asked. \"Junior, the Ferris' wheel is not like a rollercoaster.\" Tulip explained. \"Of course, it takes you to up high, but it's very slow.\" When junior heard that this Ferris wheel is slow, he punched tulip's shoulder, and exclaimed, \"Great! Let's ride on it.\" When they ride the Ferris' wheel, the two enjoyed the view of the park and the whole fair. Tulip felt so tired for having so much fun, and her head fell on Junior's shoulder and fell asleep. Junior felt Tulip's sleepy head was on his shoulder. His cheek turned red as he doesn't know what to do with her, either he'll wake her up or let her sleep until the ride is over. He put his wing on her shoulders, and wrapped her with his other wing to comfort her. It was like the same feeling he had when they were alone in the baby factory... again. When the Ferris' wheel slowed down until they reach the ground, Tulip woke up, surrounded by Junior's wings. Junior noticed her awake, and quickly pulled his wings away from her. \"Hey, I'm glad you're awake. The ride is over so... let's go?\" Junior said. \"Yeah, we should go.\" Tulip yawned as the hopped out of the cart. Junior and Tulip headed out of the fair to the park, carrying their winning prizes. \"Let's take these stuffs in my aircraft.\" Tulip suggested. \"Good idea.\" Junior nodded as they threw their prizes in the aircraft. \"Well, that was easy.\" He said. \"Yeah, hey, let's seat on that bench before we leave.\" She said. \"It's beautiful night.\" \"Sure.\" The human girl and the stork walked on the nearby bench, and sat down to take a rest \"What a day.\" Junior started. \"It's like I've been flying forever and I never stop.\" \"Yeah, it was fun.\" Tulip added as she starred at the stars, \"The stars are so beautiful tonight, isn't it?\" Junior looked at the stars as well as they were twinkling in his eyes. \"You're right. They are beautiful.\" \"Hey, thanks.\" \"For what?\" \"For taking me here. I have great time with you.\" \"Yeah, me too. You're welcome.\" Junior rested his wing over Tulip's hand. He realized he touched her hand, and Tulip felt his wing on her hand. They looked at their rested hand and wing, and then looked at each other. They looked away from each other first as they both started to blush, but their hand and wing seem to be holding each other. They thought it was so cute. Then, they looked at each other's eyes, where Junior's golden eyes meet Tulip's green eyes as they starred at each other for too long. It's like they were hypnotizing by each other's eyes. Junior caressed Tulip's cheek with his one wing as Tulip slowly touched Junior's left part of his beak. Their leaned closely at each other... their eyes were half-closed... and their lips moved a few inches closer... until... They heard a thunder crack, and rain began to pour, which they snapped out of it, and realized of what they were doing; they almost kiss. Junior and tulip looked away from each other as they touched their own lips, and their cheeks turned redder than usual. They snapped out of the blush when they realized the rain poured hard, and they were now cold and wet. \"We should get out of here.\" Tulip said. \"Yeah, let's go.\" Junior agreed as he extended one of his wings to cover Tulip from the rain. His wing was good enough for an umbrella. The two ran back to the aircraft, and Tulip started the engine and the aircraft took off. It's not really a heavy rain for Tulip to drive the aircraft through this rain and through the clouds. Finally, I finished this chapter. It was supposed to have 2,000 words, but it's more than that. So, I hope you like this chapter. Don't worry, our two characters were about to kiss soon. Pls review Ppllllleeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaassssssssseeeeeeeee![Chapter 6] Meanwhile, back in Stork Mountain, of course, Pigeon Toady is very friendly to his friends. Although, he's almost like a tattle tale and tried to become popular. While he was chatting with his friends, Pigeon Toady was curious about what Aggie has been doing as he noticed her with a nervous grin and a thumb-up. Why is she acting like this? He thought she's hiding something. He'll find out after this chat is over. Later, at sunset, Pigeon Toady secretly went to Aggie's bedroom to find secrets, but her bedroom is empty. So, he went to the bathroom. Although it's privacy for girls, but he entered anyway since Aggie wasn't in her room. \"What?\" Pigeon Toady spotted something in the sink. He hopped on the edge of the sink, and spotted some kind of gel. \"Gel?\" He took a gel, and tasted it, like he was examining, \"Boss' feather gel! What kind of occasion does Boss Junior go through?\" Then, he left Aggie's room, and went back to Junior's office. This is where Aggie acted weird earlier. He hopped on the desk, and switched the computer on. The computer showed the video that was recorded by the security cameras about Junior and Tulip being together. \"Hmm?' The pigeon rubbed his chin as he does a little experiment. He used a microscope to look at the tiny object. Then, he spotted Aggie's fingerprints on the computer keyboard, and looked at one of her ties. Then, he took one of Junior's bouquet of tulips, and smelled it. Meanwhile, Junior and Tulip arrived as Tulip landed her aircraft in her workshop, and closed the garage door/window. \"Wow, that was the best day ever.\" Tulip exclaimed happily. \"Yeah, I'd never been so happy all my life.\" Junior said, \"It was actually fun.\" \"But did you see your face when you ride on that roller coaster?!\" She laughed. \"No, I don't.\" He answered. Tulip took out a picture of her and Junior, riding on a rollercoaster. Tulip was happy as she raised her hand up high while the coaster was running, but, for Junior, he held on to Tulip. \"Okay, maybe I was a little scarred.\" Tulip snickered as she kept the photo in her bag, \"Hey, thanks for keeping me dry.\" \"Don't mention it. My wings are perfect for umbrellas.\" Junior chuckled. \"So…, what did we do back there?\" \"The what?\" \"The thing… at the park.\" Tulip knew what Junior meant as she blushed and remembered what they did at the park before it rained, \"Um, I don't know what you're talking about.\" She lied. \"Never mind. It's not important.\" Junior waved his wing, ignoring his question. Suddenly, Aggie burst in from the door as she panted, \"Guys, I'm glad you're here!\" \"Hey, Ags. What are you doing here?\" Tulip asked. \"I am so tired of covering for you, guys!\" Aggie panted. \"I made many risk, and I ended up having a hard time.\" Junior felt guilty for Aggie, while Tulip was confused. Junior looked at her and noticed she was confuse, \"Oh, I gave Aggie an assignment of covering for us from the other workers so they won't find out we're hanging out.\" Tulip crossed her arms, and asked. \"Why? What's so bad about us hanging as just friends?\" \"I just don't want things between us to be weird.\" He explained, \"Besides, everybody knows we're just friends for a year and we work together to deliver babies, but what if some other think we're like… you know.\" \"I got it.\" Tulip understood, then turned to Aggie, \"Come on Aggie. Let's take you back to your room. You look tired today. You need some rest.\" \"Yes, yes I should.\" Aggie said, feeling tired as the trio went out of the workshop. Unbeknownst to them, Pigeon Toady has been watching to them with his binoculars. \"Gotcha, bra.\" Pigeon Toady smirked, \"How do you like me now?\" To be honest, I 45% like Pigeon toady because he's funny, but, 75% don't like him, because he's like a show off and a tattle tale. Sorry, this story is too short. I'm running out of ideas.[Chapter 7] Let me explain this before you're going to read this chapter. This chapter reveals of Aggie's friends from different worlds and dimensions. It's a crossover story with my list of favourite shows; Penguins of Madagascar, the Nightmare before Christmas, Winnie the Pooh, the fairly odd parents, Powerpuff girls, Angry birds, A.N.T. Farm, Tom and Jerry, Kid vs Kat, Oggy and the cockroaches, Phineas and Ferb, Tinkerbell movies, Jake and the Neverland pirates, Looney tunes, Baby Looney tunes, Hannah Montana, Fred (movies and series), Combo Niños (Mexican Disney show), YinYangYo, Star Wars (movies), Turbo (movie and F.A.S.T.), My Little Pony, Chicken Run, Codename: Kids Next Door, Shaun the Sheep, Dog with a blog, Hotel Transylvania, Zootopia, and The Great mouse detective. I know what you're thinking, they are few confusions, but this is my imagination and my story. I have so many OCs too. They are called Guardians. Guardians were in my mind when I was a kid. Each character has his/her own guardian, which the character is called ward. Guardians are small creatures that are size of a human's head, or bigger than that. Guardians can be clones; they have the same short black hair, and light brown skin. Like all guardians, they wear a plain (any color) angel gown, with symbols that matches their power of choice, symbol of their talents, etc. (like a cutie mark from my little pony.) They have half-circled wings on their backs so they can fly, and have superpowers. The only common superpowers the guardians have are laser eyes, invisibility, making force-fields, and flying. Guardians have their own genders, but since they are clones, they can tell by their clothes. Male guardians have sleeves, and short black hair. Female guardians are sleeveless, have eyelashes, and their hair are longer than males. When a guardian is a gay or transwomen, their clothes are pink dresses, and wears a pink bow on top of their heads, and if a tomboy or transman, they wear blue tuxedo. It seems that guardians are related to their wards by blood. It is unknown how, but their DNA are the same. Guardians and wards have so much in common due for being related; guardian names have to be he same beginning letters of their wards, they were born in the same birthday, and almost have the same personalities. There are some guardians that were born without wards, or wards were born without guardian (based on their dimensions or it was normal for them). When a guardian doesn't have a ward (whether died or born without it), he or she adopt one, but not related, or just live without a ward. There are some guardians were abandoned by their wards or gets separated from them, they can find new ones. When a guardian falls in love with his or her adoptive ward, they were called \"True love guardian/ward.\" The guardian's role is to protect their ward from any harm, but sometimes he or she can't do it, and rather joined his or her ward like running away, or distract the danger while running away with them, and can ended up hurting themselves. But if a ward can do something hard, a guardian can help him or her. The only groups of characters that have guardians are Penguins of Madagascar, the Nightmare before Christmas, Winnie the Pooh, the fairly odd parents, Powerpuff girls, Tom and Jerry, Kid vs Kat, Oggy and the cockroaches, Phineas and Ferb, Tinkerbell movies, Jake and the Neverland pirates, Looney tunes, Baby Looney tunes, Combo Niños (Mexican Disney show), and YinYangYo. Hope you'll like this chapter. Here's the story. The next day, it's Sunday! No work today, probably getting ready for the anniversary party tomorrow, especially Aggie. She spent her 3 days planning for the party. It's her job to make this event special. Well, it's a mission accomplish for her. She's done planning, and finished listing down everything she needs for the party. The only thing left to do is to call her friends. At the age of 10 and throughout the years, Aggie travelled through different worlds and dimensions around the universe, and met many new friends by using a dimensional-remote control that can open a portal through different worlds, created by her father. She formed a team called The Imaginary teams a.k.a. The I teams. The I teams are a group of friends with superpowers, magical abilities, fighting skills and friendship spirits. Their role is to protect people any certain evil and danger, and spread love and friendship around the universe Since this is a love problem, it's a perfect problem for Aggie and the I teams to take action. Aggie took out her cellphone, and pressed the green button on-screen to call all of her friends. Each of them has their own cellphones as they put the call in a group call. \"I teams come in!\" Aggie called on her phone. \"All members of the I teams are here leader!\" Skipper (from The Penguins of Madagascar), a penguin who was the second-in-command of the I teams, replied. \"What's the trouble, girl?\" Han Solo (from Star Wars) asked. \"I received a very important assignment three days ago.\" Aggie started to report, \"I was assigned to plan the baby re-making anniversary party in Stork Mountain, and I need all of you guys to come here and help me!\" \"Hey, haven't we done that in Hotel Transylvania?\" Tom Cat (from Tom and Jerry) reminded. \"Yeah, but this is a different kind.\" The leader replied, \"The only guests were bird, mostly storks, wolves, of course, the boss invited them, and at first they were enemies, but in the end, they were friends. And I secretly invited a human family, who the boss knew since last year. The food should be as normal as human and animal food. As long as it is...\" \"Say no more, my friend.\" Fred Figglehorn (from Fred the show) interrupted, \"You can count on us!\" \"Yeah!\" The I teams cheered. \"Oh, and I forgot the decorations.\" Aggie added. \"It's not like that Transylvania anniversary party. It should be like a baby shower, because Stork Mountain is surrounded by babies. Bit it's not actually like a a baby shower, it's...\" \"We got it, Aggie.\" King Julien (from The Penguins of Madagascar) deadpanned. \"As the king of the lemurs. I suggested that the decorations should be streamers, balloons, and confetti.\" \"Yeah, that what I said, Julien. So, I want this part to be perfect. I promise my boss that I can do it.\" Suddenly, she heard a loud gasp from Pinkie Pie (from My Little Pony), \"You have to do it, Aggie! Your boss trusted you. And losing a friend's trust is the fastest way to lose a friend forever! \" \"I gotcha, Pinkie Pie, don't remind me. But that's not the only problem I have here.\" \"What is it, Aggie?\" Rabbit (from Winnie the Pooh) asked. \"Well, I met someone...\" \"YOU MET SOMEONE?!\" Red (from Angry Birds movie) shouted in anger, \"Who is he?\" \"Whoa, Red, boyfriend, it's not like that.\" \"Yeah, when she met someone, it doesn't mean she replaced you,\" Ruby (from Angry Birds movie), Red's ex-fiancé, interjected. \"Shut up, Ruby. It's a good thing you broke up with me, and I'm sick of your theories right now.\" Red shouted at her as Ruby growled. \"Anyway,\" Aggie continued. \"I met someone who was in love with a different species. \"Ooh, tell us, tell us, tell us!\" Miley Stewart (from Hannah Montana) squealed in excitement. \"Well, a stork name Junior, who was my boss, for me, I think he has feelings for his human best friend name Tulip.\" \"Ooh, this is new.\" Ton (from Tom and Jerry), Tom's guardian, commented. \"That's why I need you here, guys. I can't do this alone. We're the I teams. It's our job to spread love and friendship, and we should do this together.\" The lines between phones went silent as all members of the I teams were not comfortable of their leader's idea of Junior and Tulip being together. Then, Skenda (from The Penguins of Madagascar), Skipper's adoptive guardian and wife, started to talk, \"I don't know about this, Aggie. A stork and a human? Together? I don't think it would work for them.\" Aggie couldn't believe her ears. Her friends don't agree with her ideas. It's hard for her to convince them, but it's easy to make them remember the rules of love. \"Oh yeah? Then, what about you and Skipper? You're just his adoptive guardian, but you love him anyway.\" From Aggie's sentence, Skipper and Skenda realized she might be right, \"Oh, yeah.\" The blue-dressed guardian shook her head. \"Kowalski and Kelda?\" Aggie added. \"Oh, she's so smart.\" Kelda (from The Penguins of Madagascar), Kowalski's adoptive guardian and wife, growled in jealousy of Aggie being smart. \"Rico and Renda?\" Rico (from The Penguins of Madagascar ), and his adoptive guardian and wife, Renda (from The Penguins of Madagascar), groaned in embarrassment. \"Private and Prenda?\" \"Oh dear.\" Private (from The Penguins of Madagascar ), and his adoptive guardian, Prenda (from The Penguins of Madagascar), frowned. \"Dr. Blowhole and Dr. Blest?\" \"You don't have to tell us twice.\"Dr. Blest (from The Penguins of Madagascar), Dr. Blowhole's (from The Penguins of Madagascar), adoptive guardian and wife, said as she and her dolphin husband crossed their arms \"Jack and Sally?\" \"You know, you're good in love than Halloween.\" Jack (from the Nightmare before Christmas) pissed. \"Jet and Saltor?\" \"Oh, come on!\" Jet (from the Nightmare before Christmas), Jack's adoptive guardian, rolled his eyes. \"Me and Red?\" \"That's why I love you so much, girlfriend.\" Red smiled sheepishly. \"Perry and Pelry?\" \"Hey!\" Perry the Platypus (from Phineas and Ferb) and his adoptive guardian, Pelry (from Phineas and Ferb) , yelled. \"Discord and Fluttershy?\" \"TWINNY!\" Discord shouted through the phone. \"Honey, calm down.\" Fluttershy calmed her husband down. \"Spike and Applejack?\" \"\"It's true.\" Applejack said, like she was crying on the inside. \"Johnny and Mavis?\" \"Holy Rabies. She's very good.\" Mavis (from Hotel Transylvania) buried her head on her one hand. \"Nick and Judy?\" \"Aggie, we're just friends.\" Judy (from Zootopia) chuckled. \"Or are you?\" Aggie smirked. Nick (from Zootopia) wrapped Judy with one arm around her waist to pull her closer. \"Maybe more than that.\" So, we finally agree.\" Aggie said, \"We should make this world of having the same love as our worlds have. So, who's with me?!\" Everyone muttered in agreement except one. \"I don't know, Aggie. No offense, but love isn't my thing.\" \"Oh really, Basil of Baker Street?\" Aggie snickered evilly. \"I heard that there was a baby-making machine in this world. Humans are curious of how babies were made from the machine. It's a mystery. If only there was detective who can figure out about this, and find answers.\" Basil (from The Great mouse detective) growled angrily as he was defeated. He can't resist a mystery, \"Darn you, Aggie! I am in!\" \"Good.\" Aggie exclaimed. \"Now, what are you waiting for? Get over here and...\" Suddenly, all of her friends were behind her now, and they smiled. \"Surprised!\" Paco (from Combo Niños) exclaimed. Somehow, Aggie already found a large empty room, more like a ballroom, for a party where it should be placed. All of the members made a one single line, stood up straight, and Aggie stood up in front of them \"Okay, everyone. We have two missions to make tomorrow night.\" Aggie stated strictly. \"making the best anniversary party ever, and operation: Flying two lips.\" \"Oh. Flying tulips.\" Wanda (from The fairly oddparents) adored the name, \"Junior is a stork so he can fly, and Tulip's name from a flower, Tulip.\" \"No. It's operation: 'Flying 'Two lips.'\" Aggie corrected. \"It rhymes with tulips anyway. We have to make these missions accomplish, and we should have more fun tomorrow night!\" When Aggie shouted happily, everyone cheered as they were excited for the party. Skepper, Skinda, Kelski, Kowalda, Reco, Rida, Prevate, Prida, Frantis, Francista, Doris, Hunter (leopard seal) and Huntress are going to collect fishes and seafoods. King Julien, Jolie, Maurice, Mac, Mort, Mic, Tinker Bell, Tankerblush, Periwinkle, Perawankle, Jake, Jape, Izzy, Iztchy, Cubby, Cubry, Skully, Skulio, Applejack, Spike, Cinnamon Stick, and Twilight were gathering the fruits. Cosmo, Cos, Wanda, Wands, Poof, Pof, Sparky, Sparkito, Discord and Screwball poofed out desserts like cakes, cupcakes, brownies, marshmallows, chocolate fountain, and more, using their magic. Kitka, Kira, Buttercup, Butters, Coop, Cot, Joey, Joen, Marky, Markyless, Dee Dee, Den Den, Daffy, Daffu, Sylvester, Sylvstre, Fred, Numbuh 1, Numbuh 2, Numbuh 3, Numbuh 4, Numbuh 5, Stan the dog, and Nick Wilde bring out meat food like chicken, pork, beef, etc. Jerry, Jenny, Basil, and Dawson gathered cheese for food and ingredients for new meals. Rabbit, Rabba, Kessie, Kessia, Bugs, Brags, Lola, Lela, Tina, Tira, Tweety, Twaty, Taz, Tenz, Petunia, Petina, Yang, Yan, Ginger, Rocky, Babs, Bunty, Mac(Chicken), Fowler, Shaun, Bitzer, Timmy(Lamb), Timmy's mom, Shirley, Nutz, Hazel, Lawson, Jeff, and Judy Hopps collect vegetables. Red, Chuck, Bomb, Matilda, Terence, Stella, Ruby, Hal Phineas, Phineaks, Ferb, Flerk, Perry, Pelry, Aglet, Ferb II, Flerk II, Pilar, and Pilair collect bugs and worms for birds. Luke, Han, Leia, and 3-year-old Ben ride on the Millennium Falcon to go back to Tatooine to gather wood for making tables and chairs Yin, Yi, Blossom and Blos used feather duster to clean the place. Lydia, Bubbles, Bubs, Marlene and Maltor used brooms to sweep the floor. Tom, Ton, Oggy and Oggly mopped the floor, and Fluttershy, Turbo, Chet, Whiplash, Skidmark, Smoove Move, Burn, and white shadow polished the glass and walls. Jason and Josan Skellington, Roo, Raa, Lumpy, Lumpra, The (3)Blues, Bubbles(Angry bird), Roy, Rebecca, Baby Bugs, Baby Brags, Baby Lola, Baby Lela, Baby Daffy, Baby Daffu, Baby Melissa, Baby Marissa, Baby Sylvester, Baby Sylvestre, Baby Tweety, Baby Twaty, Baby Taz, Baby Tenz, Baby Petunia, Baby Petina, Prism, Gemstone, the Tri-Pies, Cinnamon Roll, and Chloe make party strings, cut out colored papers into small pieces to make a confetti and Bubble (bird) blowup balloons, using his power of inflating his body, and transferred his air to the balloons. Kowalski, Kelda, Rico, Renda, Private, Prida, Prenda, Dr. Blowhole, Dr. Blest, Shauna, Smantha, Ms. Perky, who's only a lifeless doll, but can speak, and Perkila bring out the speakers and wires. Tyler brought his DJ equipment with him. Chyna, and Miley pack their cds of music. Lily and Oliver bring out all of the dresses and outfits they needed. Fletcher, Azul, Azal, Rarity, Fancy Pants, and Avery took out formal clothes to make it more designable and fabulous. While Rarity took some of her white fabrics to make a cover for the tables. The Skellington family; Jack, Jet, Sally, Saltor, Samuel, Samon, Joseline, Josalan, Sunday and Sundai (including Jason and Josan) bring out the tables. Pooh, Pon, Piglet, Pigla, Tigger, Tigro, Owl, Owly, Eeyore and Eeyre placed plates, glass, and flower vases on guest tables. Pinkie Pie and Cheese Sandwich bring out their party cannons. Timmy, Tims, Tootie and Toots make punches and juices. The Dracula family secretly gathered tulips and put them on a vase for the Operation: Flying two lips part of the party Kat and Kit used their alien powers to adjust the room with more spaces. Rainbow Dash, Lightning Dash, Thunder Dash and Soarin placed the heart-shaped disco ball on the ceiling. Dona brings out the spotlights and loads her power of light in it with different colors. And finally, Sero, Seno, Paco, Pico and Olive made clean up the place before everyone settled the stuff on the floor for the party Song : Make this party great Let's all work together To make this party shine! Once we add some cleanliness It'll feel, it'll feel, it'll feel... It'll feel divine Crates of fruits and vegetables Just makes you feel healthy More humans and animals will come around To make this event an unforgettable day And we'll make, and we'll make, and we'll make This party great There's nothing like balloons and confetti To greet you every time you walk through the door We'll need this and those Tables and chairs to make guests comfortable How could anybody good ever ask for more? And we'll make, and we'll make, and we'll make A party they'll adore Bright covers of flowing silk and lace A love problem that they will face Party cannons to give them a surprise Dancing on the dance floor like flying in the skies Getting hugs from friends that are friendlier Decorate with some gemstones bright and rare More of this and that Don't forget the party hats How could anybody good ask for more than that? Let's all work together To show that we have shown Junior and Tulip How we make, how we make, how we make This party great How we make, how we make This party great How we make, how we make This party great! After they all finish decorating and placing the food on the table, Aggie checked the list on her clipboard, and felt so proud of her friends and herself. Meanwhile, Pigeon Toady went to the locker room to fix his thing in his locker. Suddenly, two storks came to him, and one of them greeted him. \"Hey, Pigeon Toady. Heard any good gossip today?\" \"Yeah, we're bored. Please say you have some interesting news.\" Another stork said. \"Oh yeah, I got one bra.\" Pigeon Toady answered, \"The boss has been hanging out with Tulip last night.\" \"Oh, tell us.\" A female stork joined the group to listen to Pigeon Toady's gossip. \"Well, I was wondering yesterday why Aggie has been so strange, so I was going to find out. In her bathroom, I saw some of boss' feather and a bouquet of tulips...\" While Pigeon Toady shared this gossip, more and more storks came to him and were interested of listening to the gossip. Once it was now shared, more of the workers spread the gossip all over Stork Mountain except to Junior and Tulip. Then, one of the workers spreads a gossip from Aggie while she works. \"Yeah, I know right.\" Aggie said, then she realized her secret was revealed, even she hasn't told anyone yet, except her friends. \"Wait a minute. What's going on? Who told you?\" When the worker stork told Aggie who told them this gossip, Aggie went to Pigeon Toady in the locker room, and kicked the door without using her ID to open it. \"Alright, Pigeon Toady, What did you do?!\" Aggie shouted in anger. \"Oh, hello, bra.\" The pigeon greeted, \"You already heard my gossip. I know, it's weird the boss and the co-boss dating each other, huh?\" Without answering the question, Aggie grabbed Pigeon Toady by neck, and pulled him closer while gritted through her teeth with her eyeballs turned into flames of fire, \"Listen, Pigeon Toady, I kept this hanging-out news a secret, but since you already know and told everyone, The boss will think that I broke my pinkie promise! He's going to fire me! If Junior find out about this, I will twist you like a pretzel, put you in an oven, and sent you in another dimension where there are lots of pretzel eaters!\" Pigeon Toady feared of looking directly straight to Aggie's flaming eyes as he tried to break free, but Aggie's grip was to tight as he sobbed, \"Okay, okay, bra! I'll tell anyone to not talk about it again, so please, let me go.\" Aggie dropped Pigeon Toady, freeing him from her grip. \"Make sure that Junior never finds out about this, until it's the right time. Now will you excuse me, I should finish decorating the ballroom.\" When Aggie walked out of the room, Pigeon Toady gasped for air as he was struggled from the grip of the young girl. He suddenly developed aggiephobia, fear of Aggie. Groups/members of the I teams: Penguins of Madagascar: Skipper, Skenda(guardian OC), Kowalski, Kelda(guardian OC), Rico, Renda(guardian OC), Private, Prenda(guardian OC), Dr. Blowhole (former foe of the penguins), Dr. Bles (guardian OC/former foe of the guardianpenguins), King Julies, Jolie(guardian OC), Maurice, Mac(guardian OC),M, Mic(guardian OC), Marlene, Maltor(guardian OC), Kitka, Kira(guardian OC), Doris, Dona(guardian OC), Ms. Perky, Perkila(guardian OC), Hunter (female leopard), Huntress (guardian OC), Skepper(sibling guardian OC), Skinda(OC), Kelski(sibling guardian OC), Kowalda(sibling OC), Reco(sibling guardian OC), Rida(OC), Prevate(sibling guardian OC), Prida(OC), Frantis(sibling guardian OC), Francista(OC) The Nightmare before Christmas: Jack Skellington, Jet Skellington(guardian OC), Sally, Saltor(guardian OC), Samuel(OC), Samon(guardian OC), Joseline(OC), Josalan(guardian OC), Sunday(OC), Sundai(guardian OC), Jason(OC), Josan(guardian OC) Winnie the Pooh: Winnie the Pooh, Pon(guardian OC), Piglet, Pigla(guardian OC), Tigger, Tiggro(guardian OC), Rabbit, Rabba(guardian OC), Owl, Owly(guardian OC), Eeyore, Eeyre(guardian OC), Kessie, Kessia(guardian OC), Roo, Raa(guardian OC), Lumpy, Lumpra(guardian OC) The Fairly odd parents: Cosmo, Cos(guardian OC), Wanda, Wands(guardian OC), Poof, Pof(guardian OC), Sparky, Sparkito(guardian OC), Timmy, Tims(guardian OC), Tootie, Toots(guardian OC) Powerpuff girls: Blossom, Blos(guardian OC), Bubbles, Bubs(guardian OC), Buttercup, Butters(guardian OC) Angry birds: Red, Chuck, Bomb, Matilda, The Blues, Hal, Bubbles, Stella, Terence, Ruby, Roy(OC), Rebecca(OC) A.N.T. Farm: Chyna, Olive, Fletcher Tom and Jerry: Tom, Ton(guardian OC), Jerry, Jenny(guardian OC) Kid vs Kat: Coop, Cot(guardian OC), Kat, Kit(guardian OC) Oggy and the cockroaches: Oggy, Oggly(guardian OC), Joey, Joen(guardian OC), Marky, Markyless(guardian OC), Dee Dee, Den Den(guardian OC) Phineas and Ferb: Phineas, Phineaks(guardian OC), Ferb, Flerk(guardian OC), Perry, Pelry(guardian OC), Aglet(OC), Ferb II(OC), Flerk II(guardian OC), DOfelia(guardian OC) Tinkerbell: Tinkerbell, Tankerblush(guardian OC), Periwinkle, Perawankle(guardian OC) Jake and the Neverland pirates: Jake, Jape(guardian OC), Izzy, Iztchy(guardian OC), Cubby, Cubry(guardian OC), Skully, Skulio(guardian OC) Looney tunes: Bugs, Brags(guardian OC), Lola, Lela(guardian OC), Daffy, Daffu(guardian OC), Tina, Tira(guardian OC), Sylvester, Silvestre(guardian OC), Tweety, Twaty(guardian OC), Taz, Tenz(guardian OC), Petunia, Petina(guardian OC) Baby Looney tunes: Baby Bugs, Baby Brags(guardian OC), Baby Lola, Baby Lela(guardian OC), Baby Daffy, Baby Daffu(guardian OC), Baby Melissa, Baby Marissa(guardian OC), Baby Sylvester, Baby Silvestre(guardian OC), Baby Tweety, Baby Twaty(guardian OC), Baby Taz, Baby Tenz(guardian OC), Baby Petunia, Baby Petina(guardian OC) Hannah Montana: Miley, Lily, Oliver Fred: Fred Figglehorn Combo Niños (Mexican Disney show): Serio, Seno(guardian OC), Azul, Azal(guardian OC), Paco, Pico(guardian OC), Pilar, Pilair(guardian OC) YinYangYo: Yin, Yi(guardian OC), Yang, Yan(guardian OC) Star wars: Luke, Han, Leia, Ben Solo Turbo: Turbo/Theo, Chet, Whiplash, Skidmark, Smoove Move, Burn, White Shadow My Little Pony: Twilight, Applejack, Pinkie Pie, Rarity, Rainbow Dash, Fluttershy, Spike, Discord, Soarin, Fancy Pants, Cheese Sandwich, Screwball, Lightning Dash('s OC), Thunder Dash('s OC), Prism('s OC), Cinnamon Stick('s OC), Cinnamon Roll('s OC), Tri-Pies('s OC) Chicken Run: Ginger, Rocky, Babs, Bunty, Mac(chicken), Fowler Kids Next Door: Numbuh 1, Numbuh 2, Numbuh 3, Numbuh 4, Numbuh 5 Shaun the Sheep: Shaun, Bitzer, Timmy(Lamb), Timmy's mom, Shirley, Nutz, Hazel, Lawson, Jeff Dog with a blog: Tyler, Avery, Chloe, Stan Hotel Transylvania: Dracula, Mavis, Johnny, Dennis, Lydia, Vlad Zootopia: Judy Hopps, Nick Wilde The Great mouse detective: Basil of Baker Street, David Q. Dawson I hope you enjoy this chapter. Sorry that you guys feel confuse about this. Make this party great is parody song of \"Make this castle a home\" from My Little Pony: Castle Sweet Castle. FYI, this is the first chapter of the story to have a musical number. Pls, don't put bad comments, if you're so confuse, pm me.[Chapter 8] So, here's the next chapter. Prepare yourselves for a romantic moment. Oh, yes! The day is finally here! Monday! You know what that means… It's the first anniversary of the baby re-making day! The most exciting event of the year in Stork Mountain, and everyone was ready for it. The party is tonight, so everyone must be prepared at day. Aggie and the I teams finished decorating the ballroom yesterday, so they have to dress fancy tonight. As Fletcher, Azul, Azal, Rarity, Fancy Pants, and Avery (as fashion designers and dressmakers) finished making the clothes, the female members wore formal dress, while the male members wore tuxedos, some wore pants. Aggie is the only member of the I teams who didn't wear the same clothes that her friends made. Instead, she wore a top tuxedo and a long skirt from waist to the bottom knee. She secretly planned to sing in the party for doing the love mission. Meanwhile, Junior was preparing for the party too. He decided to wear a tuxedo. He wore a white trouser, black tuxedo jacket, and a black tie. He stood in front of the mirror, and looked so nervous when he fixed his tie. He realized Tulip went home to prepare since she has formal clothes at her family's house, and she has to invite them. To make himself look hood, he wetted his face with soap and water, applied feather gel on his head feathers, and brushed his teeth. He hoped this party will be so great tonight. At Tulip's family house, Tulip has to get ready for the party, too. Since it was a very important party, she has to wear formal tonight. She opened her closet, revealing many kinds of close, and tried to figure out what to wear. Finally, for just 10 seconds, she knew what to wear now. She picked a long pink formal dress almost reached her toes. The next thing she does is her make-up. She decided not wear lipstick since she never got used to it. She powdered her face first, then used pink powder as blush color for her cheeks, and added mascara and eyeliner. She decided to keep her hair on a bun. She thinks she is ready for the big event. Later, at night, Aggie became the host of the party. She led her fellow workers and guests inside. Some of the workers have their own families, which they are all welcomed to join the party. The wolf pack came to the party too, not to steal babies or eating anybody, but to enjoy the party. \"Hello, everyone. Good evening. Welcome to the party.\" Aggie greeted the guests one-by-one. Then, Pigeon Toady entered, and Aggie greeted him loudly and nicely, \"Hi, Pigeon Toady!\" Pigeon toady was startled and skipped a bit backward. He's still has aggiephobia. He was a little afraid of her. He has to act natural as he cleared his throat, \"Hey, bra. Great party. Like the place you've decorated.\" \"Aww, thank you.\" \"So, uh, I gotta go. Enjoy the party.\" Pigeon Toady said as he quickly ran inside the room. Aggie was curious why Pigeon Toady acted like he was scarred of him, but she didn't mind. Suddenly, the I teams came behind her, and Joey asked, \"Hey, Aggie, how's it go?\" \"I'm quite fine.\" Aggie replied, \"Here. Hosting the guest. I was a little nervous about our mission. What if we're going to fail?\" \"Aggie! Don't say that!\" Kowalski shouted, \"One of our element of friendship is the element of mission. We will not fail on this mission.\" \"Yeah, as long as we work together.\" Chuck said. Aggie felt happy when her friends are always there by her side, no matter what. Suddenly, Junior entered the room, and saw Aggie to his left with her extraordinary friends, \"Hey, Aggie.\" \"Hey, Junior.\" Aggie greeted, then commented his looks, \"Ooh, looking good.\" \"Thanks.\" Junior thanked nervously and slightly blushed. Then, he noticed Aggie's friends behind her, \"And who are these guys?\" \"Oh, Junior, these are my friends from many different worlds. We called ourselves the I teams.\" She explained. \"Our job is to protect people from evil, and spread love and friendship around the universe.\" Then, she turned to her friends, \"Guys, this is my boss, Junior. He's the boss of Stork Mountain. He's responsible for the re-making of millions of babies, and made this event very special. Oh, and Tulip was responsible too.\" \"Okay, I think they heard enough, Ags.\" The stork stopped her. \"Uh-huh, so where is this Tulip?\" Vlad asked. \"I don't know. She went home to invite her family, but she'll be here. Anyway, it was nice to meet you all.\" Junior extended his wing to shake hand a few members. Then, he shook wings with Red, \"And you must be…\" \"I'm Red. Aggie's boyfriend.\" Red stated. Junior stopped shaking his wings, and his eyes widened in shock. Then, he looked at Aggie with a shocking face. \"He's a bird!\" Aggie groaned in frustration. \"I already told you. You think I'm kidding, right?\" Junior chuckled nervously as he doesn't want to answer her. Then, he looked around the ballroom, seeing the decorations that Aggie and her friends put together, \"Wow, Aggie. You've done a pretty good job.\" \"Nah. I didn't do this alone. I have my friend to help me.\" She explained while embracing all of her friends. \"I knew I can count on you. Hey, you go have fun. I have to get ready for my speech, and close the door in 5 minutes. \"Wait, what about Tulip?\" Suddenly, they heard a familiar voice, \"Hiya, guys.\" They turned around, and saw her with gazing eyes. Tulip walked in with her family. She wore a pink sparkling formal dress with make-up on her face, and her hair-bun looked the same. Junior stared at her with his jaw dropped. He slightly didn't recognize her because of her beauty. He thinks he's the most beautiful girl he'd ever met. With staring at Tulip for so long, he didn't notice Aggie poked him \"Junior? Junior? Junior!\" Aggie shouted as she poked his wing. Junior was startled that he lifted his wing, accidentally slapped Aggie on the nose. \"Ow!\" Aggie exclaimed as she covered her nose. \"Oh, I'm so sorry, Aggie.\" Junior apologized. \"Is this how you thank your assistant?\" Aggie glared at him, \"Well, we better took our seats.\" Then, she turned to her friends, \"Come on, guys. Let's get something to eat.\" When Aggie and her friends went to their seats, Junior turned to Tulip and her family, and said happily, \" Tulip, you're finally here!\" \"Of course. I can't miss the party.\" Tulip said. \"Yeah, this is gonna be the best party ever.\" One of Tulip's younger cousins, Timothy, shouted excitingly. \"We won't miss it for the world.\" Rusty added. \"You guys can talk for a while, while we should find our seats.\" Jane told them. \"Oh, no need.\" Junior cuts off, \"I reserved seats for you just near the stage.\" He pointed two square tables that are sticking together, and 15 chairs, fit for a family. \"Oh, thank you.\" Teo was flattered, then turned to his family, \"Come on, everyone.\" With her family ran to their seats, Tulip was alone with Junior, \"Hey, you look great tonight.\" \"So do you, but gorgeous and quite pretty.\" Junior stammered nervously, feeling speechless for Tulip's looks. \"Hey, I can't believe you invited the wolves who formerly wanted to eat us.\" \"Yeah, they're quite nice now when we delivered you to your family..\" \"Let them be invited. I felt pity for them. So, are you going to deliver a speech tonight?\" \"Yeah, I have the papers here. I felt so nervous right now.\" \"Don't worry, Junior. You'll do great.\" Tulip placed her hand on Junior's wing, which he felt his heart slightly beating. Tulip realized she put her hand on junior's wing, making her blush a little. She quickly moved her hand from his wing, and their cheeks turned Red, and grinned. \"So, I'll see you later?\" Tulip asked. \"Yeah, lates.\" Junior replied as he went up the stage while Tulip joined her family. Aggie was already up on stage, and checking up the microphone since she is the host of the party, \"Hey, hey, hey, Are you having fun everybody?!\" As a reply, everybody made a cheer. \"Are you sure you're having fun, because we have food on the buffet table so you should have more fun?\" then, they made cheers again, \"Are you really, really-?\" \"Yeah, we're having fun already!\" Beta wolf shouted, \"So, please, get on with it!\" \"Okay, sheesh.\" Aggie rolled her eyes, then continued her introduction, \"Anyway, we all gathered here today to this wonderful event in Stork Mountain. So, our boss, Junior, would like to give a short speech for us.\" Aggie moved aside to give Junior some room, and gave him the microphone, \"Thank you, Aggie. First of all, I would to say thank you for all of you to come and participate this wonderful event, the 1st anniversary of the… baby-remaking incident, and I was responsible for that. I, also, thanked my assistant, Aggie, for making a party for this event, and to her friends for helping her fixing this place up. And, most of all, I would like to say thank you to my best friend, Tulip, who changed my life. Don't get me wrong, but she's also responsible for making a baby for the last 18 years after we discontinued the baby making process, and before that incident. She's the annoying person who asked me once why I wanna be boss.\" The speech was quite interrupted when there are sounds of snickers were heard, which Tulip crossed her arms and rolled her eyes, ignoring the snickers from everyone, especially from her family. Then, Junior continued the speech, \"Well, I never knew why until last year. Baby delivery is our true calling. This is not just a bunch metal and glass and whatever that giant magical crystal-looking thing is made of from the baby making machine. This is the heart of what storks were put on this Earth to do. This is our mission. We pride ourselves on customer service. Although, it can cause us lots of accidents during our delivering, but we have work hard to deliver, because that's what we do. I am happy to be the boss ever since what happen with all the stuff when there was that company they worked for that sold phones and other packages, but that doesn't change what we were back then, because we did our job. The same job we that stays the same. Make a plan. Stick to the plan. Always deliver.\" After the speech, everyone cheered and applauded for Junior and his wonderful speech. Then, Alpha wolf, Beta wolf, and the wolf pack stood up from their seats, and Alpha wolf shouted \"Wolf pack, form a…\" the wolves formed two giant hands that can fit the whole room, \"Clapping hands!\" When the wolves clapped, the room started to shake like earthquakes, making everyone almost loses their balance. Half of the I teams held the decorations to avoid falling, while the other half rushed to the buffet table to keep the food balance. \"Okay, you can stop now!\" Junior announced as the wolves stopped clapping, and transformed back to their normal pack. When Junior came down from the stage, he heard a baby giggling, He spotted that similar pink-haired baby with the mother, father, and brother. It was Diamond Destiny and her familiar, \"What? What are you doing here?\" \"Your assistant invited us here.\" Sarah Gardner replied, \"We want to attend because you delivered our baby to us.\" Junior just smiled at the Gardner family, then turned around and glared at Aggie for not telling him that he invited this family. Aggie just shrugged in respond. Junior tried to find a seat for himself, but Tulip waved at him. \"Junior! Over here!\" \"Yeah.\" Her family exclaimed. \"Oh, no, no.\" Junior tried to hesitate, but Aggie insisted him. He sighed in defeat as he joined Tulip's family. Later, it's dinner time, and the buffet table is open for everyone to eat. They all chatted and ate their food. While everybody was eating, Aggie secretly whispered to her friends about the mission that it's time, and they nodded. Then, Aggie went to Jasper, who was eating shrimp, and whispered, \"Jasper, can you help with the lights and the sound system? We have a serious thing to do.\" \"Okay, but first, let me finish my shrimp.\" He was about to drop the shrimp to his beak, but Aggie dragged him with her. A stork was about to sing on-stage, but Aggie punched him off the stage, and cleared her throat, \"Okay, everyone, my friends and I like to perform an intermission number. Everyone, grab your sweethearts for a little slow dance.\" She cued Jasper to play the music, and lowered the brightness of the light to make the disco ball shine in the dark room. Many love pairs walked down to the dance floor, like Henry and Sarah Gardner, Teo and Jane, Paolo and Hilda, and the other male and female stork pairs. Junior and Tulip were the only pairs left who haven't walked to the dance floor. Then, Aggie started to sing. Aggie: You're the light, you're the night You're the color of my blood You're the cure, you're the pain You're the only thing I wanna touch Never knew that it could mean so much, so much While listening to the song, Junior glanced at Tulip, who was beside him. She looks so beautiful. He never saw anyone who was beautiful as her. She might be the first woman in his life who is beautiful. Then, Tulip turned to look at Junior. Junior quickly looked away from her, pretending he didn't star at her, and Tulip does the same. Suddenly, Junior saw Aggie, winking at him, signalling that it's his chance to dance with her. It's hard for Aggie to wink while singing Junior cleared his throat, fixed his tie, and stood up, extending his wing to Tulip, asking him for a dance. Without a single word coming from her mouth, Tulip smiled, held her hand to his wing, and they both walked to the dance floor. Aggie: You're the fear, I don't care Cause I've never been so high Follow me to the dark Let me take you past our satellites You can see the world you brought to life, to life As they were in the middle of the dancefloor, Junior put his wing around Tulip's waist, and Tulip put her hand on Junior's shoulder. They're both a little nervous when they almost touch each other's hand/wing, but when they did, they felt so calmed, and smiled at each other as they started to dance. Aggie: So love me like you do, la-la-love me like you do Love me like you do, la-la-love me like you do Touch me like you do, ta-ta-touch me like you do What are you waiting for? While dancing, Junior and Tulip starred to each other's eyes with smiles on their face as they remembered the times they spent with each other. There were good times and bad times. Sometimes, their bad times can be a bit funny, but their good times can be so much fun as they get along while delivering Diamond Destiny to her family. Aggie: Fading in, fading out On the edge of paradise Every inch of your skin is a holy grail I've got to find Only you can set my heart on fire, on fire Yeah, I'll let you set the pace Cause I'm not thinking straight My head spinning around I can't see clear no more What are you waiting for? Aggie and the I teams: Love me like you do, la-la-love me like you do Aggie: (like you do) Aggie and the I teams: Love me like you do, la-la-love me like you do Touch me like you do, ta-ta-touch me like you do Aggie: What are you waiting for? Aggie and the I teams: Love me like you do, la-la-love me like you do Aggie: (like you do) Aggie and the I teams: Love me like you do, la-la-love me like you do Aggie: (yeah) Aggie and the I teams: Touch me like you do, ta-ta-touch me like you do Aggie: What are you waiting for? Suddenly, Junior and Tulip remembered the worst time they had as their faces turned to frown. They remembered the time when Junior confessed to Tulip that he was supposed to fire her back at Cornerstore when they first met, which Tulip broke down in tears, and was delivered by Jasper to her family, leaving Junior to deliver Diamond Destiny himself. When they stopped remembering, Junior realized it was the worst thing he ever done to Tulip. He never intended to fire her. In fact, he never wanted to, because Tulip was so kind and hard-working girl. Then, as for Tulip, she realized she made a mistake for leaving Junior to deliver Diamond Destiny alone, putting him and the baby in danger. Aggie: I'll let you set the pace Cause I'm not thinking straight My head spinning around I can't see clear no more What are you waiting for? But they have to put their past behind them, and return to the present. They are not in the place where there's danger around them anymore. They are now dancing on the dancefloor, holding hand/wing, and were hypnotize by an unnoticed love between them as they continued dancing like they were the only couple in the party. From afar, everyone, especially Tulip's family and other workers, sense the attraction between Junior and Tulip. With more happiness for being together, Junior and Tulip danced even more gracefully as the other dancers gave them space for them to dance. Aggie and the I teams: Love me like you do, la-la-love me like you do Aggie: (like you do) Aggie and the I teams: Love me like you do, la-la-love me like you do Touch me like you do, ta-ta-touch me like you do Aggie: What are you waiting for? Aggie and the I teams: Love me like you do, la-la-love me like you do Aggie: (like you do) Aggie and the I teams: Love me like you do, la-la-love me like you do Touch me like you do, ta-ta-touch me like you do Aggie: What are you waiting for? They took a little slow dance before starring to each other's eyes for 30 seconds. They were like hypnotizing each other or hallucinating that they saw pink sparkles at their eyes. They didn't realize that they leaned in to each other, slowly closing their eyes, and their lips are a few inches towards each other. Everyone, everyone like Aggie, the I teams, Pigeon Toady, Jasper, the wolves, the Gardner family, and other birds leaned in and kept themselves quiet to see the love birds were about to kiss. Then, Junior and Tulip opened their eyes as they snapped back to reality. They realized they lips are almost touched as they moved their faces a little away from each other, and chuckled nervously and their cheeks turned dark red. \"Uh…, you're such a great dancer.\" Tulip grinned nervously. \"And you too.\" Junior blushed, \"I never knew you can dance before.\" Seeing the plan is ruined, Aggie got secretly angry as she squeezed the microphone hard, making it broken. \"Um, I better go outside, taking a fresh air.\" Tulip left Junior on the dancefloor, and headed straight to the balcony, outside the glass door. \"Okay, see ya.\" Junior sighed, realizing what he was doing. Then, a broken microphone was thrown on his head, \"Ow! What?\" He looked up the stage, and asked Aggie for throwing a mic on him. Aggie tilted her head, signalling to go over there to the balcony with Tulip. Junior shook his head, replying 'no.' Then, Aggie extended her arm and pointed the balcony and punching her hand, meaning that he must be with Tulip or else, she'll punch him on his face. Junior frowned at his assistant as he obeyed her, and headed to the balcony. When the stork closed the glass door, Aggie shouted in the room, \"I sang this song for nothing!\" Out at the balcony, Tulip touched the flowers at the edge of the balcony, and starred at the stars, thinking of something. Junior saw her, sitting there. He thought she was sad and lonely. He took a deep breath, walked towards her, and sat beside her. \"Hey, lovely night, isn't it?\" Junior started talking. \"Yeah, it is.\" Tulip answered. \"Do you have something to talk about?\" \"What? No! No, not exactly. Well, maybe.\" \"So, what do you want to talk about?\" Junior was so nervous to tall as he rubbed his wings together, and scratched the back of his neck, \"Um…, it's about… what we did throughout the days.\" \"What about it?\" Tulip asked, \"Well, uh, have you ever felt something that is not usual?\" \"Well, yeah, I guess so.\" \"Like, you never anything like it before?\" \"Sort of. I remembered feeling like this when we're in that elevator last Wednesday.\" Junior started to blush, remembering that time last Wednesday, \"Um, is there more?\" \"Look, I don't know, Junior. I've felt this feeling since last year.\" Tulip replied, \"Including the day we tried to find out the problem of the baby-making machine, at my birthday party, and at the park. I don't know why these things happened to me. It just happened. Maybe there's something wrong with me.\" She hang her head down in sadness. Junior felt so guilty when he saw Tulip, hanging her head down and thinking there's something wrong with her. Because of this, he finally found the courage to confess, \"No. there's nothing wrong with you. There's something wrong with me.\" Tulip straightened her head back again, and looked at junior, \"Wh-what do you mean?\" \"Tulip, do you remember what happened between us at the park last Sunday?\" \"Yeah?\" \"That was supposed to be the longest time I've ever wanted to do, but I can't do it. It's a little awkward for the two of us. Tulip, you're my best friend, and we always work together, but I get the feeling that I treated you more than a friend.\" \"What are you saying?\" She asked. \"I'm saying is I don't want to keep this secret anymore that…\" He gulped first, then confessed as he blushed, \"I… I…\" He can't release the words from his beak like that. But he can't let Tulip waiting. If Junior can't tell her now how he felt, it would be too late for him, and he will stuck in the friend zone with Tulip. But if he tell her, what will happen? Will their friendship break? Will tulip reject him? Will she felt the same? Will they remain friends? He has to tell her. It's now or never. \"I like you, Tulip!\" He quickly covered his beak. \"Oh, I like you, too, Junior. You're my friend.\" Tulip smiled. \"No, I mean… I… like… like… I love you, okay?\" Tulip's smile faded with a shock, \"What?\" \"I know it's crazy, but I felt this way since we delivered Diamond Destiny. I never wanted to tell you because… I don't want to broke our friendship, and it's weird that a stork in love with a human.\" Junior explained when Tulip silenced herself for her to listen while her mouth half-opened in shock. \"I can't control myself, Tulip. I tried, but I can't. I felt my heart beating everytime I look at you or hugging you. This is one of the reasons why I don't want to fire you. I deeply care for you. I never found you any trouble at all. I kept my feelings for you as a secret from you and anybody else, because… I don't think it would work for us, and I don't you to be hurt. I want you to be happy. There. I said it. I told you my feelings, and I know you wouldn't felt the same.\" Tulip doesn't know what to say. She is speechless when Junior confessed his secret feeling for her, until she released word coming from her mouth, \"Junior, I…\" \"Exactly.\" Junior cuts her off, \"You don't have to say it. I know you don't love me back.\" \"No, Junior, it's not like that…\" \"What? Are you really hurt? I should've known I can't tell you that.\" \"Junior, no, I just want to…\" \"It's okay, Tulip. Go ahead. Slap me if you want. I shouldn't told you, and I'm sorry.\" \"Junior, let me finish…!\" \"Hurt me all you want, because I deserve it.\" \"I'M IN LOVE WITH YOU, TOO!\" Shouted Tulip, which she covered her mouth, realizing what she have done. Junior stopped talking, and his eyes widened in shock, \"You do?\" Tulip panted from the shouting, and said, \"I don't know why, but I fell in love with you since we first met. I never told you because, you'll laugh at me or humiliate me in front of everybody. I always wanted to tell you, but I can't do it. I also tried to not loving you, but it's too hard. I always been in love with you all this time. At the baby factory, when you touched my hand, I can feel my heart beat, and… I never knew how handsome you are. And, at the park, yes, I admitted that I realized we almost kissed, but you'll hate me if we did. I'm sorry, Junior, I never wanted this to happened. And you're right, love will never work for us because you're a stork and I'm a human.\" Then, Tulip's tears formed in her eyes, and hugged her knees, \"I don't know why this happens.\" She buried her head on her knees, and began to cry. Junior shook his head in shame, feeling he made Tulip cry. He doesn't want this to happen either. He gently touched her cheek to made her look at him, and wiped her tears, \"Ssshhh. Don't cry. Tulip, I'm so sorry. It's my fault. I shouldn't told you how I feel.\" \"No, Junior.\" Tulip sniffed, \"It's okay. I'm glad you told me. Now, I don't need to keep my feelings from you anymore.\" Suddenly, Junior slowly took out a large box from his pocket, showed it to Tulip, \"A present always cheers me up. This is the present I suppose to gave you on your birthday.\" Tulip smiled as she grabbed the present, unwrapped it, and opened the box, revealing a golden heart-shaped locket necklace. She gasped, and cried in happiness, \"Oh, Junior. It's… it's beautiful.\" \"There's more if you open the locket.\" Junior said. Tulip opened the locket with her fingernails, and the locket contains two heart-shaped pictures of her and Junior as workers in Cornerstore and being co-bosses in Stork Mountain. \"I don't know what to say.\" \"Yeah, that's the only gift I ever thought in my mind. I tried to ask Aggie some advices, but she wants me to think a gift for you. I know it's small, but…\" Junior was cut off when Tulip hugged him tightly. He didn't know what to do or how he could break free, but he hugged her back. \"It's the most wonderful gift I've ever received in my life.\" Tulip said with s tear rolled on her cheek as she broke the hug, \"I'll keep it forever, and I'll never take it off.\"She put the necklace around her neck as the heart-shaped locket reflected the light of the moon. \"The necklace look good on you.\" The stork commented. \"Thanks.\" The red-haired girl said. Suddenly, they starred at each other with smiles on their faces. There it is again. That feeling. The same feeling they felt at the baby factory, at the park, and at the dance floor. They can't resist the stare. Junior can't resist of Tulip's beautiful green eyes, and Tulip cannot resist Junior's sparkling golden eyes. They can't stop that anymore. They already told each other about their feelings. Junior and Tulip slowly leaned in for a kiss. Unbeknownst to them, all the people in the ballroom listened and watched the scene this whole time through the glass door. Although birds, especially storks, can't see glass, they were guided by the other people. They kept themselves quiet so the couple won't be disturb. Everyone is excited to see junior and tulip kiss, especially aggie, who worked so hard to complete the mission. She can't wait any longer so she was about to use her telekinesis, but Vlad stopped her from doing so. Junior and Tulip still leaned in, closed their eyes, and their lips were almost touched, but Junior snapped out of it as he opened his eyes, and pulled away from her. Tulip realized that she hasn't kissed him yet as she opened to see what's wrong. She only saw junior, scratching his head and looking away from her. \"I don't think we should do this.\" Junior said. \"Why not?\" Tulip asked, but Junior didn't say anything as he shook his head, realizing that he's too nervous to do it, \"If you're scarred, I can help you.\" She said. \"How?\" He asked. Tulip grabbed him by his necktie, pulling him closer to her, and kissed him. Junior stunned a bit with his eyes widened, but he kissed her back as he wrapped one wing on her waist, deepening the kiss. Back at the ballroom, everyone watched the whole love scene, and cheered silently with lots of air-punches, jumps, and silent yellings. Then, they stopped the silent cheers, and continue the pair kissing. As for Henry and Sarah, they covered their children's eyes, same so with the I team parents as they covered their children's eyes to avoid letting them see grown-ups kissing. \"Come on, guys We better go before they find out we're spying on them. We have to leave them alone.\" Aggie said as everyone in the room nodded and murmured in agreement. Aggie pulled a rope above her, closing the curtain. A stork and a human kissed? Unusual, but romantic. Junior and Tulip kissed for a few minutes, and slowly pulled away and smiled at each other. \"That was…\" Chuckled Junior with his cheek turned red. \"Nice.\" Tulip finished as she blushed. \"Does this mean we're a thing?\" \"If that's okay to you. Is that okay?\" He asked. \"Of course, it's okay.\" She smiled as she grabbed both of his wings, and pulled him closer, \"You?\" \"Yes. I love you, Tulip.\" \"I love you too, Junior.\" They leaned in again, and kissed deeply and passionately. Junior caressed her cheek with one wing, and wrapped her around her waist with his other wing. Tulip caressed his beak with one hand, and wrapped her other hand around his neck. Meanwhile, in the ballroom, Aggie replaced the old broken microphone with a new one, and was about to sing another song. \"Okay everybody, since our boss and co-boss have their moment outside, let's continue having fun.\" Aggie announced as everyone cheered. \"Wow, you really got the skills.\" Teo commented. \"Oh, that's not all I've got, I've got nerve.\" Aggie said, then turned to Jasper, \"Hit it, jasper.\" Jasper played the cd, playing a rock music. Aggie: We haven't met And that's okay 'cause you will be asking for me one day Don't want to wait In line The moment is mine believe me Don't close your eyes 'cause it's a chance worth takin' And I think that I can shake you I know where I stand I know who I am I would never run away when life gets bad, it's Everything I see Every part of me Gonna get what I deserve I got… Suddenly, Aggie noticed a large brown spider crawling on her leg, which it was the thing she scares the most. She has arachnophobia. \"SPIDER!\" She shouted loudly on the microphone as all of the glass of Stork mountain, except in the baby factory, shattered. The glass door of the balcony also shattered as Junior and tulip stopped kissing, and noticed the glass door has been shattered. They rushed in the ballroom to check what's happening inside. When they entered, they saw Aggie on stage, singing while fearing a spider crawling up on her leg. Aggie kept singing, but she was still afraid of the spider crawling on her leg. Aggie: (stammered terrifyingly) Electrified, I'm on a wire Getting together we're on fire (screams) What I said… you heard Now I got you spinning Don't close… your mind The words I use are open Aggie tried to kick the spider off of her, but it's still sticking on her leg. \"Ha, ha. Look at that. Aggie's afraid of a little spider. She's a weirdo.\" Pigeon Toady laughed and faced her other work friends, but none were laughing at his joke. Aggie heard what Pigeon Toady said she was so mad, she kicked the spider off of her leg, and the spider landed on Pigeon Toady's face. \"Wwaaahhhh! There's a spider on me! Get it off!\" Pigeon toady tried to get the spider off of his face as he ran out of the ballroom. \"Sorry, guys! Mistakes happen.\" Aggie chuckled. From afar, Junior and tulip shrugged at the incident, and chuckled with their hand and wing holding each other. Suddenly, Junior felt something grabbing his foot. He looked down, and saw Diamond Destiny hugging his leg, and giggled at him. She was happy to see her favorite stork again, even though she did not remember his face entirely. Junior picked Diamond Destiny up, and tickled her, \"hey, Diamond, do you miss me and Tulip?\" Diamond Destiny hugged Junior's beak as he hugged her gently. Tulip rubbed Diamond Destiny's hair, and joined the group hug. Henry, Sarah, and Nate watched Junior, Tulip, and Diamond Destiny hugging each other, and smiled proudly. On the stage, Aggie and the I teams watched the trio happily. \"We did it! We're killing it!\" Johnny exclaimed. \"Mission accomplished, everyone.\" Skipper and Skenda said together as the I teams do the penguin high-five. I'm so sorry it took so long. I planned to post this in Valentine's day, but I was busy in school and for my exam at the end of the month. I have to finish my activities at school, so, in next month, I can make more without any delay. So, I hope you like this. Belated Happy Valentine's day everyone. :-)[Chapter 9] Hey, guys! I'm very, very, very, very sorry that I haven't update for weeks. I'm sorry to keep you waiting. It's just that… I don't have time for this, and I'm out of ideas for this kind of chapter. I see that you really like my story, so I typed as fast as I can so will not wait for the next chapter any longer. So, here it is! I hope you like it. Next morning, Tulip woke up on her bed in her workshop. When she opened her eyes, she can't remember what happened last night, until she yawned she remembered. There was the party, the dance, confessions, and…, the kiss. Her first kiss with Junior. Her best friend. She grinned happily as she jumped off her bed, cleaned herself for a while, rushed out of her workshop, skipping around. Meanwhile, since her friends left after the party, finishing their mission and took the party things with them, Aggie got back to her everyday work in the baby factory; checking the baby deliveries. Suddenly, she heard something skipping from the door. She turned around, and saw Tulip skipping happily, taking her lab coat, which she wore every work day, and noticed Aggie holding her clipboard. \"Hey, Aggie. Nice day, huh?\" Tulip greeted. \"Uh, yeah, nice day.\" Aggie said as she was concerned. \"Are you okay, Tulip? You've seen so much happier than before.\" \"I'm super-duper fine! Don't worry about me, Aggie. I'm fine as always.\" When Tulip left the baby factory, Aggie took out her phone, and group-called all of her friends. \"Guys, mission accomplished. Operation: Flying two-lips succeeded.\" At his office, Junior just can't stop thinking what he and Tulip just did. They finally kissed just like what he imagine of. Because of this daydreaming, he lost focus on his work. When he heard a ding from the elevator, thinking it might be some of his workers or his assistant, Aggie, he snapped out of his daydream, took out his documents, and pretend reading them. The elevator door opened, and Tulip stepped out of it, carrying a plastic bag. Then, she saw Junior fake reading the files, \"Stop pretending, boss, I know you're faking it.\" Junior looked in front of him, and saw Tulip. He closed the files, and playing cool. \"Hey, Tulip, good morning.\" \"Hey, Junior.\" Tulip smiled. \"I brought some breakfast.\" She gave the plastic bag to him. Junior took out a sandwich and a cup of coffee from the bag. \"Thanks, Tulip.\" \"Hey, I was having fun last night.\" Tulip said as she took a seat. \"Yeah, me too.\" The stork blushed a little. \"it was a little awkward, but everything's fine.\" \"Hey, what's your problem? We kinda… face our problems together.\" \"I know, but… I was thinking that I'm a stork, you're a human. It would never work for us.\" \"Then, we'll make it work.\" Tulip put her hand on his wing. \"I know that no one has issues on our relationship, but, remember what I've told you, we'll do this together.\" Junior smiled in appreciation. \"So, do you have something to do this afternoon?\" \"Well, no, but I still have to check on the baby factory if everything's doing fine.\" She replied. \"Oh, it's just that… I made a hang glider for your jet pack, and I was wondering if you could fly with me later.\" Junior was so nervous to ask that to tulip. \"Oh, sure! I can take that!\" Tulip exclaimed. \"But what about the baby factory?\" Junior asked. \"Now that I thought of that, I remembered that Aggie is still working there. She'll take care of that.\" They changed the topic by starred at each other's eyes for 30 seconds, and leaned closer and closer as their lips are getting closer… \" Ahem!\" They stopped as they moved a little away from each other, and saw Aggie in an opened elevator. \"I hate to interrupt your romantic moment, but Tulip, your mom is calling.\" Aggie said. \"My mom?\" Tulip gasped. \"Yeah, she's in the phone right now.\" Tulip ran towards the elevator as Aggie stepped out, and Tulip pressed the down button rapidly, and the elevator closed. Since she is now alone with her boss, Aggie looked at Junior with a sly look, waiting for him to say something to her after the party, and his love problem with Tulip. Junior knew that Aggie was the one who helped them all along, and groaned. \"Thank you, my assistant, Aggie.\" \"Ha! I knew you would say that!\" Aggie exclaimed hyperactively. \"I've been waited for you to say that! Your welcome anyway. It's my job.\" \"I really want to fire you, but you've done I lot of help lately, so there's no reason for me to fire you.\" \"I know. You only say that to scare me, but you thanked a lot.\" \"Do you have something to do at the baby factory?\" \"I came here because I'm running out of files, so are there more deliveries?!\" Aggie yelled as Junior frustratingly gave the new file to her. \"Thank you.\" She walked towards the elevator without turning back. Meanwhile, Tulip took the phone where her mom was in the phone. \"Hey, mom.\" Tulip greeted her mother. \"Hi, sweetie.\" Jane replied. \"How's my girl?\" \"Brilliant. How's the party last night?\" \"I have a great time. Hey, your father and I just talked earlier, and we're thinking that you should take Junior to a family reunion next weekend.\" \"Really, Mom?\" \"Yeah, since junior was your boyfriend now—\" \"Mom! When Junior and I kissed yesterday, it doesn't mean we're boyfriend and girlfriend.\" \"That's what your father and I did when we have our first kiss. Besides, sweetie, your younger cousins want Junior to be part of the family reunion. They just want to have fun with him.\" \"Well, I'll talk to him if he has time.\" \"Thank you, sweetie. Have fun on your work.\" \"I will, bye.\" Tulip put the phone, and turned to get back to work, btu she was accidentally bumped by Junior. \"Oh, Tulip, I am so sorry!\" Junior apologized. \"No, it's okay, Junior.\" Tulip said. \"I didn't see you there. What are you doing here?\" \"You left your coat in my office, so I tried to find you to return this to you.\" Junior showed her lab coat, and handed it to her. \"Thanks.\" She said she wore her lab coat. \"hey, where's Aggie.\" \"She's still working at the baby factory.\" Junior replied, the he groaned angrily. \"Because of her sassiness, I really want to fire her, but I can't because she helps a lot.\" \"OH, you can't fire her, Junior. She's an innocent little girl. And there's no reason to fire her. Just like what you did to me.\" When Tulip reminded him that, Junior started to blush, remembering the time he never intended to fire her. Tulip, as well, blushed too. They stared at each other's eyes once again, leaned in closer to a kiss, until… \"Oh, no, no, no.\" Aggie startled them as she pushed them towards the elevator. \"You can't kiss here. It's private. You can do that in your office, just like that before I entered so go on along.\" She pushed Junior and Tulip in, and pushed the up and close buttons. \"HEY!\" The two shouted at her, but the elevator was now closed. \"Well, my work here is done.\" Aggie exhaled as she rubbed her hands, and walked away happily, until she saw Pigeon Toady heading towards her. She was still angry when he called her 'weirdo' last night because of her fear of spiders. \"Hey, Pigeon Toady.\" She greeted unenthusiastically. \"hey, there, bra.\" He greeted back. \"Can I use the elevator?\" \"No, you can't!\" She yelled, then stammered, not wanting to disappoint her two bosses. \"Because, it's been fix yet, so can we just talk something, like how's your girlfriend.\" Pigeon Toady was surprised when Aggie was now interested on his fake stories. \"Wow, I never knew you thought that. Well, she was…\" \" Oh, what have I done?\" Aggie groaned angrily in her thought. \"I've done something horrible, horrible, horrible, horrible…\" All day, working so hard for our friends. Many babies get delivered, everyone was tired, but they won't give up, until these babies get delivered in exact dates. I'm sorry once again for keeping you waited. I'll try another chapter sooner than soon. I promise. Pls review[Chapter 10] \"Come on, Aggie! I needed help here!\" Junior yelled in panic as he dug up Aggie's closet. \"I can help you if you haven't making a mess in my room.\" Aggie said, slouching on her bed, and writing records on her clipboard. \"Come on, Ags. You're good at this.\" The stork begged. \"Please, help me pick an outfit.\" \"It's a family reunion, Junior.\" The girl said. \"It's not something special. Why do you have to look so good for your girlfriend's family reunion?\" \"Tulip is not my girlfriend… yet.\" \"Junior, buddy, I know what you have to wear tomorrow… nothing! It's just a family reunion, and anyone can wear anything.\" Aggie shouted as she grabbed Junior by his neck feathers. \"So go to that party, or I'll tell anyone you used to be a flightless scaredy baby!\" \"Alright, alright, I'm going!\" Junior said as Aggie cheered. \"But only if you're coming with me.\" Aggie stopped cheering, \"Me? Why?\" \"Because you're my assistant, and I need your guide.\" \"Fine, but sooner, you have to find love on your own, got it?\" \"Don't worry, my young assistant, I will. Trust me.\" The weekend is here, and Tulip and her family had their reunion at the park. The kids were playing tag, while the grownups, especially Tulip, set up a picnic table there. \"I hope Junior will come sooner.\" Jane hopped. \"Come on, Mom. You know, Junior.\" Tulip said. \"He's a stork, and storks are fast flyers.\" Just a little far from the picnic, Junior just landed with Aggie on his back. Aggie jumped off of Junior, and said, \"Alright, Junior, you're here to have fun. Don't make a fool of yourself, and you should tell Tulip to take you relationship to the next level without my help.\" \"I don't know, Aggie.\" Junior doubted nervously. \"\"Maybe I'll make a mistake, and Tulip's family will hate me.\" \"Nonesense, you lover-stork. Now go on, and I'll watch you.\" With his assistant's advice, Junior took a deep breath, and, without exhaling, walked towards the family picnic as Aggie followed. All of Tulip's relatives gather around to start the picnic party, until the children noticed Junior and Aggie coming their way. \"Look, it's Junior!\" Carlo, one of Tulip's younger cousins, announced. \"And Aggie too.\" Julia added as the kids ran onto them. Most of the children jumped onto Junior as he struggled, \"Whoa, whoa, kids! One at the time!\" While just only a few children ran onto Aggie, and poked her, \"Well, lucky I'm still the same size of a child.\" \"Hey, kids!\" Jane called the children, \"Stop playing around our guests! Lunch is almost ready!\" The kids ran towards the picnic table as Junior and Aggie finally breathe again. When she saw them, Tulip placed the plate carefully on the table, then ran towards Junior and hugged. \"You came!\" \"Won't miss it for the world.\" Junior smirked with his feather finger up. Then, Tulip bent down, and took Aggie's clipboard, \"Aggie, dropped that. You need to give yourself a rest from work. \"Actually, Tulip, I need this for…\" Before Aggie can explain, Junior covered her mouth to shush her up. \"She needed it for her next duty.\" Junior lied. \"Well, um… okay, then.\" Tulip smiled. \"Come on, my family's waiting for you guys.\" \"When Tulip made it to her family, Junior removed his wing from Aggie's mouth. Aggie knew that Junior wanted her guidance as a secret as she spoke before she headed to the picnic table. \"You own me.\" Junior rolled his eyes and shrugged as he joined the family fun. During their lunch, Tulip's extended Junior lots of question, which he's very nervous to answer. Thanks to Aggie and her guidance, the stork answered all of the questions, and the family began to like him. Aggie wasn't give any all excitement to herself as she was busy giving Junior some advice. After lunch, the family reunion games just began. \"Attention everyone.\" Jane announced the family games is about to begin!\" The kids were so excited as they excitingly ran to the open space of the park, followed by the grown-ups, leaving Junior, Tulip, and Aggie behind. \"Come on, Junior. You're part of the family, so let's go.\" Tulip took Junior's wing, and tried to drag him in. But Junior slipped his wing from Tulip's wing, and hesitated. \"I don't know, Tulip. I'm not part of the family yet. tI'll be embarrassed if I come along.\" \"Don't be silly. My family loves you. I already told you that a couple of times. You should join us.\" \"But—\" Before the stork finished his sentence, Aggie pushed him off of his seat, and said. \"Junior, join the fun! I was born having different families, and you should too. By the way, where's your family anyway?\" Junior froze in silence. He never told anyone about his family nor anyone ask him about his family. He tried to forget about it, but, sometimes, things just coming back to him. Junior doesn't want to want to answer Aggie's question as he changed the topic, \"You know what? I'll do it.\" \"You really do?\" Tulip exclaimed. \"You do?\" Aggie was confused. \"Well, yeah. It could be fun.\" Junior said. \"Great!\" Tulip squealed. \"But I forgot to ask you… what's the game?\" \"Hey Junior, wanna play baseball with us?!\" Rusty called out. \"That's your answer.\" Tulip grinned sheepishly as she grabbed Junior's wing again, and dragged him to the game. When Aggie was left alone, she wondered why Junior hasn't answered her question yet about his family, and was suspicious about them, \"Hmm, I think my boss has something he never told us yet.\" She thought. \"I'll find out for good.\" The whole afternoon, Tulip's family, including Tulip, and Junior were spending time together playing baseball. Some times, Junior got hit by the ball on the face, and sometimes, he missed and swang. He also tried to catch the ball if in case the ball flew higher by flying to get it. Meanwhile, Aggie was only sit there, watching his bosses playing together, and waiting if they move their relationship to the next level. After the game, they all packed their things, and decided to finish the reunion at tulip's house, which her family's home, with Junior and Aggie in tow. While following her stork boss, Aggie felt something in the presence in the force that someone is spying on them, but she tried to ignore it. I know this is short, but it'll do, because the next chapter is about sad, hatred, and pain. No spoilers[Chapter 11] Tulip, her family, Junior and Aggie arrived at Tulip's family house to rest and set the things aside. \"Who wants some lemonade?!\" Jane called as she lead the whole family to kitchen. When Junior and Tulip was about to go together, they would never forget to invite their little assistant. \"Hey, Aggie, wanna join us?\" Tulip called. Aggie put her notepad on the table, and said. \"No thanks. I'll just stay here.\" \"Are you sure, Aggie?\" Junior asked. \"Everybody's there but you.\" \"I'll be fine. Look, there's TV here. And besides, I still have to work with the listing for tomorrow's delivery. She said as she sat on the couch. Junior and Tulip glanced at each other and shrugged as they leave Aggie alone, and proceeded of going to the kitchen. Suddenly, while Aggie was still writing on her list, she heard a doorbell ringing. She groaned as she stood up, walked towards, and opened it, where he saw a tall stork and a bunch of penguins behind him. \"Um, hi there.\" She greeted. \"Hello there.\" Hunter responded. \"Is this the home of a family of the human named, Tulip?\" \"Uh, why do you ask?\" Aggie asked. \"I'm looking for someone, besides Orphan Tulip.\" He answered. \"Uh, she's not an orphan anymore, and how do you know Tulip?\" \"I was once the boss of where Orphan Tulip worked, and her 'best friend' was once my top employee, and offered him to become boss, but they ruined everything!\" \"And who are you exactly? I've never seen you before.\" \"Oh, you don't know, but I'm Hunter, the former boss of Stork Mountain. It used to be called Cornerstore, until my most trusted employee, Junior, and that Orphan Tulip ruined everything!\" Aggie was confused at first of what Hunter said about Junior and Tulip ruining everything, until she recalled something in her head. Junior told Aggie about Hunter after she got hired. The things about him like destroying the baby factory, forcing Junior to fire Tulip, and almost taking Diamond Destiny to the penguins. Since Hunter came back, Aggie feared that he might have his revenge for Junior and Tulip. She doesn't want her friends to be hurt, even Tulip's family. She has to do something quickly. \"Oooooohhhhhhh yeeeeaaaaahhhhhh. I know you.\" Aggie grinned sheepishly as she lied. \"Well, Tulip's not here. You've came to a wrong house, so you better leave now. Bye-Bye.\" When she nearly closed the door, Hunter placed his foot between the door before it closed to stop the human from closing the door. \"Not so fast!\" \"Uh-oh.\" Aggie realized it was too late to get rid of Hunter. While Tulip, her family, and Junior were at the kitchen, drinking lemonade and chatting with each other, they heard a loud screaming sound coming from the living room, \"AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!\" Junior recognized that familiar scream as he alerted, \"That sounded like my assistant!\" He jumped off his seat, and ran back to the living room. \"Oh my gosh, Aggie!\" Tulip gasped as she also sensed something terrible has happen to Aggie, and she and her family followed the stork. When they arrived in the living room, they all gasped in horror as they saw Aggie on the floor, tied with ropes around her body and a white cloth covered her mouth. She muffled as she tried to warn them to run, but a penguin was on top of her, and pulled the rope to tighten it. \"Hey, let her go!\" Junior demanded as he rushed to save Aggie, but he was tripped by a penguin, and few of them cornered him, and the other few surrounded Tulip and her family with weapons. Once they are all trapped, Hunter stepped forward to enter the house. \"Hello, Junior. Miss me?\" \"Hunter.\" Junior glared. \"Glad I finally found you after I got lost in that incident.\" \"What are you doing here?!\" The young stork growled angrily as he struggled to break free from the penguins. \"I came here to tell you that I want to take what's mine.\" Hunter said. \"I can't let you do that! I'm the boss now, and I want you to let my friends go, leave and never come back! You never deserved to be the boss!\" \"How dare you talk to your father that way and how dare you let me fall to his death just like that?!\" \"Father?!\" Tulip was shocked. \"Father?!\" Her family said in unison. \"'Father'?!\" Aggie muffled in shock through the cloth. \"Ha! Like what you almost did to those thousands of innocent babies, especially to the former orphan human and you own son!\" Junior snapped, making a point. Hunter rolled his eyes. \"Ugh, why do you have to deal with babies? They only caused problems!\" \"No, it was who caused problems to, not only for the babies or the company or for our fellow storks, but for the families who have long waited for wanting babies.\" Junior said with a hint of sadness. \"It was us, stork's duty, father!\" \"I don't have time for your emotional talk, Junior. I want my company back! Cornerstore will be open again.\" \"You think you'll be allowed to do that after what you did last year?!\" \"I'll take care of that one. You have learned nothing about being CEO.\" \"And you've learned nothing about love and parenthood.\" .\"Whatever. Anyway, before I leave, I want to do something to you as my revenge for what you've done to me!\" Hunter snapped his finger and ordered the penguins. \"Do what you want to do with him. Break him.\" \"What…\" Junior whispered in disbelief as the penguins grabbed his wing, and bended it with great strength, making a snapping sound on his bones. He screamed in pained, and almost whimpered. \"Let me go!\" Tulip gasped and the adults of her family covered the children's eyes. Aggie struggled to break free from the tied rope around her body, and it was too tight and she was not strong enough. Hunter took out his phone, and texted a message to it, while listening to Junior's screams in pain, which he ignored it. \"Stop it! Leave him alone!\" Tulip yelled at Hunter. \"Don't you even care for him? HE's YOUR SON!\" Hunter snapped his finger again as the penguin slapped Tulip's face. \"Tulip!\" Jane gasped. \"Hey, don't do that to my daughter!\" Teo shouted as he tried to approach Tulip, but the penguins pointed their weapons on him, making him step back to his family. Tulip managed to fight the penguins like she and Junior did last time, but they pinned her down, and bit her legs. Aggie squirmed and crawled like a worm to help her friends, but a penguin pulled her away but her feet. Angered, even though she loved penguins, she kicked the penguins off of her feet to proceed crawling, but more penguins surrounded her, and threw her against the wall, making her muffled loudly, which she yelped in pain.. The penguins grabbed Junior's other wing, the same wing that was dislocated last year, and hammered it with a very large mallet, making him cried for too much painful. He tried to break free again and again, but there was too many penguins holding and pinning him down. His left wing was dislocated and his other wing was broken, like it was bended and paralyzed, but that did not stopped him from fighting back. He saw the penguins hurting Tulip and Aggie, his girlfriend and his assistant/best friend. He had to help them, but a penguin hammered him on his stomach, making him groaned and wrapped his dislocated wing around his stomach. When Hunter finished texting, he snapped his fingers to demand to penguins to stop and stood still while Junior, Tulip, and Aggie laid on the floor. The three were in pain, and almost cried. Luckily for the girls, they don't have any wounds or bruises on them, but Junior has as his feathers scattered around, and his wing were bended like crazy. When the penguins hopped off of him, Junior tried to get up, but Hunter stepped on his broken wing. Junior cried again in pain. \"You know, none of this would ever happened if you should have fired Orphan Tulip when you have the chance.\" Hunter sighed. \"I guess it was your choice.\" \"You… were… never… my… father!\" Junior choked as he growled angrily and glared up to his father with all the anger in the world. \"Just be grateful you're not dead.\" Hunter stood off Junior's wing, and walked out of the house. Penguins! We're leaving!\" The penguins let go of the family and quickly followed their boss, and one of the penguins shut the door close. \"Junior!\" Tulip yelled as she got up and ran to the fallen stork. Aggie reached her lightsaber from her pocket, which she tried to reach it when she was tied up, and sliced the ropes, breaking herself finally free, removed the cloth from her mouth, and ran towards her boss. There are so many bruises and wounds all over his body, but mostly his wings and stomach. Those penguins harmed him so badly. Luckily, he has the strength to sat up, but he gasped in pain when he felt his wing cracked. \"Ow, my wing.\" \"Don't worry, Junior. It'll be okay.\" Tulip assured him, comforting him. \"I don't think it's dislocated this time.\" Junior said. \"The other is, but this one is absolutely broken. ARG!\" \"Don't talk, Junior.\" Tulip shushed him, then turned to her mother. \"Mom, can you help him?\" Jane nodded and kneeled down besides the stork. \"hold still. This will hurt quite a bit.\" She gently grabbed his wing, and then SNAP! Junior grunted in pain as Aggie covered his beak so he won't scream a lot. He closed his eyes as tears of pain rolled down his cheek. \"Okay, it can move a bit, but the other is definitely broken.\" Jane added. Junior tried to stand up as Tulip, Aggie, and Jane helped him. His legs wiggled a little, but he stood the ground no matter how much pain he felt. \"Tulip, Aggie, we need to get back to Stork Mountain. No one knows what hunter will do to other stork and the babies.\" \"You didn't tell us he was your father.\" Aggie said. \"BECAUSE HE WAS NEVER BEEN MY FATHER!\" Junior yelled angrily at Aggie as took a little step backward. When he realized he was scaring her, he sighed in sadness. \"I'm sorry, Aggie. I never told anyone because… he never treated me as his son. He only loves his job, ever since my mother died.\" There was silence in the room as Tulip looked down at junior, then to her family, who were also guilty for Junior. Then, Aggie too. She wished she never said that to him this time. \"I'm sorry too.\" Aggie apologized with guilt. \"I shouldn't said that since now it's not the time. But your wing's broken, you can't fly back to Stork Mountain in time.\" \"Luckily, I have something to take us there.\" Tulip said as she headed towards the kitchen, where there was a back door there to the garage. Jane, Teo, and Julia helped Junior wrapped his neck around with a white baby blanket, and placing his neck on it. They all followed tulip to the garage. When they arrived there, Tulip switched on the switch, and the lights shined on a large aircraft. The body was orange, and its wings were white, like a stork. \"Tulip, you never cease to amaze me.\" Junior smiled. \"Wow, young lady, when did build this?\" Varner asked. \"During my extra time to be with my family, I built an aircraft in case of emergency.\" Tulip explained. \"So, this is an emergency. Come on, Junior, Aggie.\" We'll come with you!\" Paolo raised his hand. Tulip grinned with excitement when her family wanted to come too, which she willingly nodded, but Junior and Aggie thought otherwise. \"It's very dangerous for you guys.\" Junior sighed. \"Junior!\" Teo interrupted. \"We're a family. Tulip is our family. And you're our family, and families helped each other. So, we want to help you, too.\" Junior was so touched at Tulip's father's words. It was like he was the father he ever had, but he didn't have time to think about that now. \"You're my family too, but I don't want you guys to get hurt.\" \"No one will get hurt if we just work together.\" Hilda said. \"She does have a point there.\" Aggie chuckled. When Junior realized Aggie was right, and looked at Tulip and her family, who were making puppy eyes, he sighed in defeat, and said. \"Alright, but we have to stay close and stick together.\" Tulip's family nodded as they rushed towards the aircraft, and hopped in it. \"Lucky thing, it was family-sized.\" Aggie giggled at Tulip as they both chuckled and helped Junior hopped on the aircraft. Tulip pushed the on button, stepped on the accelerator, and ready to take off. She opened the garage door, and the aircraft took off in the sky. Sorry, it took so long. I was in school, and I focused on my studies. So, here's another chapter. I hope you like it[Chapter 12] Sorry I haven't posting new chapters for a while. I thought no one would read this anymore. So, here it is. Enjoy! When Tulip drove the aircraft as fast as she could to get to Stork Mountain, Aggie was beside her, while Junior was with Tulip's family, who were comforted him with his injured wings. \"Is it still hurt, Mr. Junior, sir?\" Julia was about to broke Junior's wing, but Jane gently slapped her younger daughter's hand. \"Julia, don't. Junior is in a terrible condition right now!\" Jane yelled. \"No, it's okay.\" Junior said. \"It's just a broken wing. Nothing can go wrong.\" But what he said was the opposite as a baby girl, Hilda and Paolo's baby, pinched Junior's wing, which she yelped. \"Oh sorry, Junior.\" Hilda said, pulling her baby away from Junior's wing. \"She's a trouble maker sometimes.\" Junior rubbed his wing from the baby's pinch. \"I was only worried about all of you guys. If were arrived at Stork Mountain, those penguins will attack you for good.\" \"Then, we'll fight them!\" Teo said enthusiastically. \"Yes, but they're too dangerous and malevolent. We just need someone to fight them who are expert in fighting.\" Then, Junior realized who can fight off those penguins for good. \"Aggie, you have penguin friends. I saw them from the party last Sunday. Do they know anything about fighting?\" \"With commando, martial arts, and karate moves?\" Aggie guessed as she grinned, remembering her favourite friends. \"Of course they do! They were the ones who trained me to fight, like Hand-to-hand combat.\" \"Will they help?\" He asked. \"I taught them about friendship. Of course, they'll help.\" \"Will you call them to come here and help?\" \"Your wish in my command, boss.\" Aggie smirked as she pulled out her phone, and called her chosen friends. \"Skipper, Skenda, I need your help. You guys come here to Stork Mountain, and wait for us.\" When they arrived at Stork Mountain, Tulip safely landed her aircraft near the building, just as soon as a green portal opened in front of the aircraft, and Skipper, Skenda, Kowalski, Kelda, Rico, Renda, Private, Prenda, and their children stepped out of the portal. \"We came here as quick as we could.\" Private said to their leader. \"Glad you guys made it in time.\" Aggie smiled. \"We just arrived.\" \"Ha! I can't wait to fight those evil penguins like mad!\" Renda smirked, punching the air as her husband, Rico, did the same thing. \"Even though we can't fight our own kind, but they, hurting our friends, were unacceptable!\" Skipper stated. \"Then, we must go before they'll find us.\" Junior said as he, Tulip, her family, Aggie, and her penguin friends ran for the door; the way inside the building. Aggie used her ID to open the door, but when it was open, they gasped when they saw an army of penguins in front of them, ready to fight. Those bad penguins knew our heroes are coming, so they prepared. \"Don't worry, guys.\" Aggie said as Junior, Tulip, and her family took a little step back, and the I team penguin family took a step forward, and stood beside Aggie at both sides. \"We'll handle them.\" The two groups of penguins glared at each other first, as Skenda broke the silence. \"Out of the way, you fiends!\" She yelled. One of the villain penguins shushed her as it pointed Tulip's family. The penguin was referring to Hilda and Paolo's baby, who was sleeping on her mother's arms. Aggie and her penguin friends nodded that they will fight silently. The villain penguins charged at them as Aggie and her friends charged as well. Skipper was the first one to fight his kind, and it was a really hard punch. Skinda, Kowalda, Rida, and Prida unleashed their bows, and turned them into ribbons. They do the ribbon fight as the ribbons wrapped some of the villain penguins around their bodies, tripped them down on the ground. Kelda threw a ball of flame to a villain penguin as its butt was burning. That penguin ran around screaming silently in pain that his tail feathers burned. Kowalski did the black flip when another villain penguin was suppose to punch him, and he threw the penguin to the other villain penguins. Rico was about to punch too for fun, but one of the villain penguins hit him in the eye. Renda punched that penguin's eye for hitting her husband. Aggie tried to kick a villain penguin out of her way, but it grabbed her foot, and bit it, causing Aggie to scream quietly in pain, and accidentally stepped on Prida's foot, which she also screamed silently. That was until the fight stopped when the penguins and Aggie noticed Tulip's baby niece wiggled on her mother's arms, about to wake, but she later proceeded to sleep. When the baby finally stopped wiggling, it was Aggie's chance to kick the villain penguin off of her leg, which it flew in the air. One of its fellow penguin quickly grabbed a box of styrofoam, the penguin that was been kicked landed in the box, and the two shushed at each other. Another villain penguin threw a fork on Private's wing, which he silently yelped. Prevate pulled the fork from his father's wing, and threw it back to the penguin who hit Private. The fork hit the penguin's chest. It grabbed a pillow, and buried his face in it, making a muffled scream. But the game is not over. The army of villainous penguins piled on the heroic penguin family and Aggie. Luckily, with the power of wind, Prenda unleashed small silent yet strong tornado to push the penguin army off of her and her family. The villain penguins landed on their feet, and marched towards the heroes as they won't give up on this fight. Suddenly, Rico had a plan. He regurgitated his long blue bazooka cannon. The villain penguins realized that bazooka cannons release loud and explosive missiles, which will wake up the baby. One villain penguin whispered with a strange language. \"You wouldn't dare.\" \"I don't know what you were saying.\" Aggie said. \"What a strange world this is.\" \"Uh, I think he meant to say is 'You wouldn't dare.'.\" Junior whispered. \"Oh, then we would dare.\" She smirked, then turned to Rico. \"Hit it, Rico.\" Rico laughed as he pulled the trigger, launching a large missile. The villain penguins ran for it, and grabbed it before it hit the ground and explode. When the caught missile, they turned around, and found Junior, Tulip, her family, Aggie, and her friends were no longer on their spot. Then, they heard a beeping sound from the elevator, where the heroes were now in the closing elevator. They all waved them goodbye, and the heroic penguin family smiled and waved at their fellow penguins for a good fight. They finally reached the top floor of Stork Mountain, and quickly and silently rushed out of the elevator. \"Great job back there, guys.\" Aggie said to her penguin friends. \"I guess not all penguins are bad.\" Teo realized that when he watched Aggie and her friends fighting off those bad penguins. Suddenly, they all saw Jasper running towards them and panting for air. \"Jasper!\" Tulip exclaimed in worry as she rushed towards her deliverer. \"Tulip!\" Jasper caught Tulip with his wings, and hugged her. \"What happened?\" Tulip asked. \"Hunter held the Gardner family in captive in the baby factory.\" The fat stork explained the others gasped. \"I escaped when I rescued some of the babies that were already made.\" When he explained that, some babies revealed from hiding behind his back. \"Are there still more babies in there?\" Junior asked. \"No. We've stopped the baby-making machine, so no babies will be harm.\" Jasper said. Junior realized that Hunter has gone way too far for getting his revenge. He kidnapped the Gardners, who were innocent and they don't know anything what happened last year's fiasco, and the babies were in danger, even the babies who were yet to be made from the baby-making machine. Junior realized it was all his fault. It was him who Hunter wants for revenge, not those innocent humans who have nothing to with this. Then, he turned to Tulip and Aggie. \"Tulip, I want you to take your family to your workshop, and you too, Aggie with your friends. You'll all be safe there.\" \"What, no! We can't leave you like this.\" Tulip argued. \"We need to save the Gardners, and the baby-making machine.\" \"Yeah, you might get hurt even more!\" Aggie added. \"Girls, I'll be fine.\" Junior calmed the two girls down. \"You all get to safety. \"I'll take care of Hunter myself. Maybe I'll make a deal with him.\" \"No, Junior! We won't let you do this!\" Aggie yelled angrily. \"You're our friend, and I will never left a friend behind!\" \"I'm doing this to protect you. I will not let you guys get hurt. You guys were everything to me.\" \"And you're everything to me too, Junior.\" Tulip almost sobbed. \"Who will protect you? We can help you!\" \"No! Tulip, it's me who he wants!\" \"So, you'll just surrender to him, and you'll never going to see us again?\" Aggie asked. \"This isn't fair!\" \"Of course this isn't fair, Aggie.\" Tulip interrupted. \"Because I started it all! That was last year when I received a letter, and sent it to the baby factory. That was the time Diamond Destiny was made. It's supposed to me who Hunter wants to mess with.\" Then, she turned to Junior. \"And besides, Junior, we both delivered the baby together, and we started delivering babies again. We're in this together.\" Junior had a chance to grab her hands. \"I know, my love, but it's just me this time.\" Tulip stared at the stork she loved. He called her 'love, which it was so emotional, she nearly cried, and wanted to embrace him tightly. \"Since you two caused this mess, then I'll come with you guys.\" Aggie said proudly. \"What?!\" Junior was startled of what Aggie said. \"But Aggie, you weren't here that time. I don't you to get involve.\" \"Junior, you're my boss, and as your assistant, it's my job to be by your side to protect you any harm.\" But that conversation interrupted when they heard a sudden explosion from the baby factory. They rushed in the factory to see what's going on. When they arrived, a yellow machine, the same machine that nearly attack Junior and Tulip, and almost destroy the baby-making machine a year ago. \"Oh hi.\" Hunter had arrived. Junior, Tulip, and Aggie gasped in horror. All of the storks flew in all directions as they panic while saving the babies who were already made before shutting down the machine. \"Tulip, take your family to safety, now!\" Junior commanded. Tulip nodded as she guided her family out of the factory. Then, Aggie turned to her penguin friends. \"Skips, Skends, I need you guys to find the Gardner family. They're in trouble. Can you manage that?\" \"We got this, Aggie.\" Skipper and Skenda saluted as the rest of the penguins family saluted also, and they headed out of the factory to find the Gardner family. \"Tulip, wait!\" Vanna halted. \"We want to help you.\" \"No, it's to dangerous for you guys.\" Tulip said. \"I know this place and people here than you did.\" \"But, you'll be in danger too.\" Callie said back. \"We just wan t to help.\" \"If you want to help, take some of the babies out of here, and find a place where you'll stay safe.\" \"But what about you?\" Rusty asked. \"Junior and I defeated him once. We can do it again! Besides, Junior saved me when we got attacked, even his wing was dislocated. Then, I'll do the same thing.\" Her family tried to argue with her, but Tulip left her family in worry, and they agree to help the storks saving the babies. Tulip returned to Junior and Aggie, who were ready to face Hunter. \"Now it's time to do what I should've done so long ago... since last year. Destroy the Baby Factory!\" Hunter chuckled evilly. \"No, you can't!\" Junior shouted defensively. \"Yes, I can!\" Hunter yelled. \"No, you can't!\" \"Yes, I can!\" \"No, you can't\" \"We can't take this all day, you know!\" Aggie looked at her watch, and corrected the former boss . \"Actually, it's 3pm. You only have 9 hours 'till the end of the day.\" \"SILENCE!\" Hunter raised his voice at the little human girl, then turned to the controls of the machine as pushed one of the levers. \"I'm just gonna go on and destroy the Baby Factory.\" \"I don't think so, birdbrain!\" Aggie smirked as she grabbed the remote of the machine, and pushed up and down buttons to make the machine go up and down. Hunter can't take that white human's prank anymore as he angrily pushed one of the levers to grab Aggie with the claw of the machine. \"Hey, let me go!\" Aggie struggled from the claw, but she was held tightly. \"Aggie!\" Junior ran for his assistant to retrieve her, as so as Tulip, but they both got carried too, and Hunter threw the three to the air, and fell directly into a pile of baby blankets. Meanwhile, the heroic penguin family found the Gardner family, inside a large bird cage that fit the whole family, which they were hanged, just outside the building. They manage to come towards the cage, which the Gardners fear of them. \"Don't worry, we're not one of those bad guys.\" Kelski whispered. \"We're here to rescue you.\" \"Wait, aren't you the penguins at the party last Sunday?\" Henry asked. \"That's us.\" Rida answered. \"Oh well, it's just them. No harm done.\" Henry sighed in relief. Taking it from her father, Rida regurgitated a paper clip, and folded it into a shape of a key. \"That's a paper clip.\" Nate pointed. \"That's what we use to unlock doors, kid.\" Renda smirked as Rida turned the key to open the latch, and helped the Gardners out of the cage. \"I don't get it.\" Sarah was confused. \"Why that stork guy kidnapped us? What did we do?\" \"Junior told us everything.\" Kowalski started explaining. \"You sent the letter to Stork Mountain for ordering a baby. Now, Hunter wanted vengeance against Junior and Tulip for ruining his company and delivering the baby you ordered, which makes the storks delivering babies again.\" \"But, don't think about that now.\" Private said. \"What matters now is to save you guys.\" Back to our heroes, Junior gasped for air when he popped out of the pile of blankets, and he stood up. \"Tulip! Aggie! Where are you, guys?!\" He yelled as he searched for his girlfriend and his assistant in the blankets. \"I'm okay.\" Tulip yelled back as she popped out of the blankets. \"Me too!\" Aggie stretched out her arm, and giving a thumb up. A giant claw suddenly grabbed the three of them, and trapped them in its grasp, which Hunter controlled it.\"It's over, Junior. The company is mine, and there's nothing you can do about it. And as for Orphan Tulip here, I have some business with you—\" \"You make know your own son and Tulip, but you never heard of me.\" Aggie pulled out her lightsaber from her pocket, and sliced the claw that grabbed them, and they fell on the floor. \"Sorry, guys.\" \"It's okay, Aggie.\" Junior and Tulip said in unison. When Hunter was about to attack them again, spitballs suddenly stick on the window. \"What the—these are disgusting!\" Hunter disgusted when he saw the spitballs on the window. \"Hey, leave them alone!\" Teo shouted. Tulip's whole family flew in the air, wearing Tulip's jetpacks. When she saw her family flying with her inventions, Tulip face-palmed realizing her family disobeyed her. \"This is for hurting our family! Eat this!\" Carlo spitted a ball with a straw at the window as the other children did the same. \"What are you guys doing?! I told you to stay out of here.\" Tulip yelled at her flying family. While the family were distracted of Tulip's call, it was Hunter's chance to grab the controls, and swatted the family away. Luckily they didn't hit the wall nor hard objects, but their jetpacks are out of control as they landed safely before anything bad will happen. \"That's it! I have enough of this!\" Rage took over him as Hunter directed the machine towards Junior, Tulip, and Aggie. \"THIS IS MY MOMEEEENT!\" Pigeon Toady yelled with pride, riding his drone, but he was pushed away. \"Oh, that is it!\" Junior, seeing the imminent danger and can't watch his friends getting hurt, he pushed Tulip and Aggie away, and ran towards the machine. \"Junior, don't!\" Tulip and Aggie called. Junior avoided one of the claws and manage to climb and get inside. Hunter glared at him, as so as Junior. \"It's just you and me, father. Leave Tulip, her family, and little Aggie out of this!\" \"All I want is my company back and I'll take down anything that stands in my way!\" Hunter growled. \"Unless, I can spare your friends if you join me.\" \"I will never join you! You already did that, but I refused!\" \"Then, I will not let you and your friends keep this baby company.\" \"They're innocent! Don't hurt them, father!\" Junior yelled loudly and mercifully. \"I can't believe my mother married you!\" \"Fine, have it your way!\" Hunter knew that was a low blow. He took the controls and swung the machine's arms around. Junior saw its target: Tulip. He glared as he grabbed away the controls from Hunter. They fought over them as Junior directed the machine towards a concrete pillar. \"What is he doing?\" Tulip whispered to herself. Then, the machine crushed against the pillar. The pillar crumbled and slowly came down on the machine. Both Hunter and Junior managed to get out of the machine. \"Junior!\" Tulip cried for her beloved stork. \"Tulip, look out!\" Hilda warned her as she pointed above. Some medium concrete pieces were about to fell on her as Tulip shielded her with her own arms, but she didn't feel any objects falling on her. She saw Aggie raising both of her hands at the falling concrete pieces, which she immobilized to avoid the concrete fell on Tulip. When Aggie swung the concrete pieces away from Tulip, the two girls saw the machine destroyed, where Junior was there inside. Hunter coughed and looked around. His eyes widened at the disaster he had caused. Then he stood up, looking around, concrete pieces laid around the destroyed machine. His eyes spotted on a small figure covered in dust. It was Junior. He gasped in horror, frowned, and then, felt sad. He was so angry and confused. He hesitantly approached the younger stork. \"Junior?\" He whispered. He gently shook the stork's shoulder, but the younger stork didn't respond. Hunter realized Junior was unconscious or he looked so... dead. He remembered years ago the last time he saw his wife. She was about to make food for her family, that was until she left a little chick, Junior, to her husband. Hunter denied this as he focused on his work. The same day, Hunter's wife had an accident as she was accidentally burned by the stove while cooking food for Junior. Hunter gently took Junior's head on his wings. Just like he did with his wife when he saw her lying on the floor, and her feathers were burned. \"Junior? Son? Can you hear me?\" He realized he put his work before his own family. Now, he was paying the prize. He was consumed on trying to wake Junior up that he didn't noticed Tulip running towards him with a death glare and burning tears. She kicked him in the face and pushed him away from Junior. \"STAY AWAY FROM HIM!\" Tulip kneeled beside Junior with a pained gasp. When he felt something lifting his head, Junior gave a tiny moan. He tried to open his eyes, but he was too weak. Hunter stood up again and tried to approach them. \"Please, let me help—\" \"NO!\" Tulip yelled. \"Why do you want to help now after all you have done?.\" She tried to cover Junior. \"I... I'm sorry.\" \"Sorry doesn't cut it!\" \"Please, let me help—\" Hunter tried to step forward. \"ONE MORE STEP, AND I'LL STRIKE YOU WITH THIS!\" Aggie pointed her white lightsaber in front of Hunter's face, ready to strike him as she was mad. \"You tried to kill your own son! What kind of father are you?!\" A few storks, the heroic penguin family, and the Gardners finally showed up gasped as they emerged from the sideways. Glares were being thrown his way. \"N-no!\" Hunter tried to explain. \"I just wanted you three out of the way, not kill you!\" \"It's already done!\" Aggie glared as she took a step forward and Hunter stepped back, avoiding the lightsaber in front of him. Two storks came be and tackled Hunter to the floor. They placed handcuffs around his wrists as he struggled. Hunter look up just in time to see Junior coughing blood and Tulip embraced him tightly. \"What have I done?\" He thought as he was dragged away. Suddenly, a crack form between Aggie, and Tulip and Junior. They gasped when they saw the crack was heading for the edge. Aggie turned around and saw her bosses/friends trapped in was-about-a-broken-floor. When the crack reached the end, Junior and Tulip fell down off the building. Since junior was still unconscious, there's no way he can fly out of the fall. \"TULIP!\" Her family cried when they saw her and Junior fell and disappeared from the clouds. Aggie screamed in horror as she dived down to save them. \"Aggie!\" Her penguin friends tried to stop her, but Aggie already jumped down. Few seconds of staring in horror, everyone though Junior, Tulip, and Aggie are dead, until they saw somebody pulled them up. It was Aggie, revealing her large insect/fairy-like wings, flapping while carrying Junior and Tulip with her hand. She quickly lifted the two up, and landed far from the edge. When Junior and Tulip are now safe, Tulip stared at Aggie while looking at her wings. Her mouth gaped. \"Aggie...?\" \"I don't have time to explain, but right now Junior needs urgent attention!\" Paramedics came to his aid. Two storks grabbed him and gently took him away as Tulip held Junior's wing. Junior managed to open his eyes to see a fading image of Tulip before he fell unconscious again. Wow... I can't believe I made this, and this is the longest chapter I ever made, and I almost cried *sniff* Oh well, 4 days of making it, it was all worth it[Chapter 13] The nurses pilled Junior inside the Operation room and Tulip felt his wing slip away from her hand. \"Wait! Junior! I need to be there!\" She cried. \"Just stay here.\" The nurse said. \"We'll try our best to save him.\" With their worried looks, Tulip, Aggie, and the others transfer to the window, where they can see the doctors and nurses cleaned up his wounds, and checked his heartbeat. The next thing they saw was the nurses took out a medical monitor and gave a pair of defibrillator to the doctor. They feared the worst when they saw the medical monitor that Junior's heart rate became lower and straight line. The doctor tried to revive him many times as Tulip and Aggie cried for him. \"Junior, NO! Don't leave me!\" Tulip shouted. \"Come on, friend. Be strong for us!\" Aggie added as she hammered the window and cried. Tulip's family, Aggie's penguin friends, and the other stork, including Pigeon toady, can't bear to look as covered their eyes, didn't want to see or hear Junior's upcoming death. The two girls kept hammering the window and crying as Aggie slipped her body down, and buried her face on the wall. Tulip has the most cry as many tears rolled down her cheeks. \" Junior please, don't leave me!\" Junior's eyes snapped open. He checked himself. He was standing on clouds. His wings were fine as so as his body. He has no bruise, nothing hurt and his feathers were almost glowed. His surroundings were all clouds. \"Am I dead?\" He asked himself as he spotted a golden gate near him. \"Hi Junior.\" Someone with female voice answered. \"Who's there?\" He asked. \"It's me.\" He turned and saw the most beautiful stork he had seen. He had seen her before... in his dreams. \"Mom?\" He guessed. \"I guess you did recognize me.\" Junior smiled happily as he ran to his mother and hugged her. \"I missed you so much.\" \"Oh, I missed you so much too.\" She pulled away from the hug and asked her son. \"So, are you ready.\" \"For what?\" \"Too choose.\" She pointed her wing to the gate. The gate of heaven. \"If you come with me, we have so much time together that haven't back in our home. Like what you and I always wanted.\" \"Oh Mom, that's exactly what I wanted when it's my time.\" Junior cried in happiness with a tear rolled down his cheek, but he remembered about his family and friends back home, also tulip, who loved him and he really loved all his heart, and Aggie, who was good friend to him and always there for him when she needed her. \"Nut, I can't leave my friends back home. They needed me. I was the boss in stork Mountain now. And Tulip, she needs me the most. She's a wonderful person, Mom. As so was Aggie. She was still young to know this world. She just needs a guide.\" \"I know. I'm very proud of you for being in-charge of Stork Mountain, and run it your way. I wish I could've met Tulip and Aggie in person.\" She smiled and nodded. \"Tulip was a wonderful girl. She really loves and cares for you, even though, you two are different species. And Aggie, she was a pretty good friend of yours. Always helping you out. She deserves to have good friends like you. \"I think so too.\" \"I think for you to choose.\" \"I wish I could stay, but my friends back at home needs me.\" \"And I understand that. And remember, son, I'll always be here for you, watching you, and I love you, okay?\" She lifted his son's chin as Junior sobbed, nodded, and hug his mother one more time. \"Now go, before it's too late.\" Junior nodded and flew away to the opposite direction of the gate and his mother. Beep! Beep! Beep! The doctors and nurses stopped the process as they saw the medical monitor that Junior's heart rate increased. Everyone outside the window noticed what's going on as they stopped crying, and watch the doctors and nurses talked to each other about Junior's case as they all nodded. One of the doctors was about to walk outside the room. Tulip and Aggie noticed as they ran back towards the door, where they approached the doctor. \"So, doc, how was Junior?\" Tulip asked. The doctor gave her a tired smile. \"He's out of mortal danger.\" Everyone sighed in relief. \"But his condition is very delicate. He just out of operation.\" \"What happened?\" Aggie asked in worry. \"He has internal bleeding. We had stop it, or else, I believe it was due to a sudden decrease in the fall or when concrete fell on top of him.\" The doctor explained. \"We healed him immediately. He lost a few feathers,but nothing to worry about. They'll grow back. His whole body is in pain and has a lot of bruises, but still, he's fine. But I am worried for his emotional state. He has just been through a traumatic experience. He almost lost both of you, his own father almost got him killed, and I'm still trying to process that they are related. If he is emotionally unstable, it could lead to a depression. That alone will put him out of work for some time, so he'll need the company of good friends. And finally, he's asking for you, ladies.\" The doctor motioned Tulip and Aggie to follow him. He lead him to a room. What tulip saw made her eyes water, and made Aggie cried in happiness and relief. Junior was laying on the bed, alive. When they entered the room, and the doctor left them alone, Tulip sobbed. \"Junior?\" Junior carefully looked up with all the strength he could manage. \"Tulip...\" his voice sounded raspy. Tulip was immediately at his side. \"Sshhh... don't talk just rest.\" He cough a bit. \"Are you okay?\" \"Yes, I'm fine. We're fine.\" Junior slowly nodded and rested his head back on the pillow. His face was bruised and his eye had small shades of purple around them. His chest and stomach was patched up and surrounded by gauzes. His casted wing rested over his chest and various cuts looked like they had ointment placed over them. Suddenly, Tulip started to cry. \"I don't know what I would have done if you were gone, Junior!\" \"And I would have died on the inside if something happened to you.\" He touched her cheek with his good wing tried off her tears. \"I'm sorry that you have been involved.\" \"It's okay, Junior.\" Tulip kissed his forehead. \"I was the one that started all this anyway.\" When they stopped their conversation, Junior noticed Aggie in front of his bed. He was about to ask her to join in with them, until he noticed a pair of large insect/fairy wings behind her. \"Um, Aggie, why do you have wings?\" Aggie startled as she stared at her wings and sighed. \"I guess this is the time I have tell you guys something that I never told anyone in this world... I have wings, ever since. I know this weird but, I actually born with wings, and all of my friends knew that. You guys are the only ones who haven't known this yet. I kept my wings a secret because I don't want everyone to tease me, or bullied me, or find me weird, and I don't want everyone, including you guys, to treat me differently than the others.\" \"But, Aggie, we're also your friends, and bosses. Why didn't you just tell us, only both of us?\" Tulip questioned. \"I was too embarrassed. Maybe you'll find me weird or a nerd or a weirdo.\" She bowed her head. \"I have to tell me that after all this time I assigned you to do listing and to be our assistant, you have no chance to tell us that YOU HAVE WING?!\" Junior yelled angrily, but he felt a sudden pain in her stomach. \"Junior, calm down!\" Tulip shouted as she calmed the stork down. \"You're still in condition.\" \"Junior, I'm so sorry.\" Aggie cried. \"I wanted to tell you, honest, but I'm not ready yet. You guys had been so nice to me, and you thought me everything of this world. I don't want you to lose your trust on me!\" Junior's glared faded as he saw Aggie crying in guilt. He understood that Aggie was trying to fit in, and doesn't want to be bullied. He motioned her to come to his side as she followed. He placed his good wing around his back. \"Oh, I can't stay mad at you. It wasn't your fault. It was I to say sorry to you. Because of me, you were involved too, even though you weren't here before.\" \"Aww, it's okay Junior. I meant of wanting to involve because I just wanted to defend you, and to protect you guys.\" \"You mean that?\" Tulip smiled. \"That's what friends are for, not meant to be involve, but to protect friends from danger.\" Aggie said. The three friends chuckled as they shared a group hug. Man, I've been making this for 3 hours. I hope this is good enough. Two more chapters, and it's done[Chapter 14] On his bed, junior tired to move his body, but it was no use. It was too painful for him to move, and he didn't want to risk another internal bleed. Tulip slept peaceful, rested her head on the side of the bed, while Aggie slept soundly on a floating pink cotton candy cloud as she snored loudly. Since his two girls were sleeping, he decided to sleep as well. He didn't take much energy inside him anyway. Just that, he didn't want to think something about, but it was already on his mind. Ever since he was a little hatchling, Junior was a tiny stork entered the office. His little wings were not ready for flying yet, and he has big cute eyes (like young Dory's [from Finding Dory] eyes.) He looked around and saw his father, sticking his phone on his ear. Junior ran towards him, and tugged at his suit. \"Daddy?\" The older stork seemed to be a bit annoyed. He turned off his phone, and looked down at the little stork. \"Junior, how many times do I have to tell you? Don't interrupt me while I'm at work! What do you want?\" Little Junior took out a picture from his back, and showed it to his dad. \"I made a picture for you.\" He handed Hunter the paper with a colorful and kiddie drawing. A bigger stork with a suit held down a baby stork. Hunter cleared his throat and smiled awkwardly. \"Thank you, I guess. It's a good drawing.\" He hid the paper in his suit. Few years later, things had not change much. Hunter had become a bit more forgetful for Junior as he grew. Junior's wings are ready to fly as he can fly all the way to his school without his father by his side. He didn't even make his son's breakfast. As Junior flew, he almost hit by an airplane as he flew down, and accidentally crashed on a tree. \"Ow! My wing!\" He cried as he lowered himself slowly to the ground, and grasped his wing tightly. Suddenly, a girl, who looked like a 8-year-old with short black hair, wore white clothes, and large translucent fairy-like wings, strolled around until she found Junior. \"Oh no.\" The girl gasped, knowing that the little stork was injured, and quickly approached him. \"Are you okay, little guy?\" \"My wing! It hurts!\" Junior sobbed as he looked at his injured wing. \"Don't worry, I'll take care of you.\" The girl said as she took out a first-aid kit from her bag, took out bandage from the kit, and wrapped it around Junior's wing. \"Here you go. It was a small injury, so you'll be flying anytime soon.\" \"But I better go to school.\" He said. \"I'll take you there. Come on.\" The girl held little Junior in her arms, and find his school. Just a few blocks away, they found his school. Junior thanked the girl, and went inside. When Junior reached adolescence, Hunter became strict to him, and trained him to call him his name, not 'dad' anymore as Junior got use to it. Hunter let his son work in his company, but he still hasn't spent time with his son. Maturity started when innocence goes away, and by the time Junior realized that there was very little love for him, 'dad', 'daddy', became 'Hunter', even thought in his mind, he still wanted to bond with him. All he wanted to hear a compliment or an invitation to hang out. But no, all the invitations he got from his father were for Chairmen reunions. That was the time Junior stopped chasing after his father and started to study hard so he could earn his father's compliment. The dreams of finally being a worthy son to an arrogant father were gone the moment Hunter tried to kill him, Diamond Destiny, Tulip... and now, with Aggie. Junior's eyes opened and let out a small sob. He had to let go of the past. But there was only one way for him to do so. When he woke up, Tulip and Aggie woke up too. \"Junior, are you okay?\" Tulip asked. \"I'm fine, really.\" Junior sighed, then turned to Tulip and Aggie. \"Can you guys help me for just once?\" Junior quietly walked to the elevator in painful gasp while Tulip and Aggie accompanied him. Junior didn't want to go alone, so he wanted his friends to come with him. His wing still hurt like a pain in the neck or rather wing, and his stomach are was still pretty patched up from the operation. The only one he had to worry about was the doctor and how he was going to explain that his most important patient was gone to who knows where. When they entered the elevator, Aggie pushed the down button, and the elevator closed. \"Are you sure you have to do this? He almost killed us! He almost killed you!\" \"For just a moment, Aggie.\" Junior held a wing on her. \"I promise.\" \"It better be. I was only trying to protect you.\" She added. When they reached the level, they walked out of the elevator, and passed by the guards. \"Just five minutes.\" The guards nodded, and let the trio through. The temporary prison has just one cell, since no one committed crimes in Stork Mountain..., until now. He held close a picture of his childhood, one where his father gave him a piggy-back ride when he was a young hatchling. He took a deep breath and slowly opened the door. It was not hard to forget Hunter, with him being a big stork and all. The penguins were not here as Aggie's penguin friends, Skipper, Skenda, and the rest of the penguin family, boxed them, and sent them to Madagascar. Hunter had his head hanging low, looking at an old piece of paper. He looked up when he heard Junior's panting. He placed the paper back on his suit, and looked at the younger stork through the cage bars. \"Junior... oh.\" Then, he saw Tulip and Aggie beside him. Tulip just stared at him with no emotion, but on the inside, she was angry, sad, and afraid, while Aggie sharply glared at him as she punched her palm, wanting to punch him on the face. \"Hunter.\" Junior greeted with no emotion at all. \"I take it.\" Hunter sighed. \"I will be taken to jail tomorrow.\" \"Yes, you will.\" Junior glared at him. \"What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be resting?\" \"Oh, so now you're concern of him?!\" Tulip interrupted, placing her hands on her hips. \"Since when do you care about his well-being?\" Aggie scoffed. \"Maybe you want to feel my fist!\" \"Aggie.\" Junior blocked Aggie with his good wing. \"I always cared, Junior.\" Hunter looked concerned. \"It never seemed like it!\" Junior snapped. Hunter looked at Junior's appearance and instantly regretted what he had done to him, even if he didn't show it. Bruises covered him from head to toe, some feathers were missing, a large patch had been placed around his stomach, some feathers had some dried blood and his broken wing was casted and his legs wouldn't stop trembling. Luckily, he has his girlfriend and assistant to help him. Hunter had always seen him as a clean young stork and full of energy, but now he saw a tired and sad one. It had never been his intention for Junior to be hurt. He still couldn't shake the image of Junior coughing blood in the middle of the crowd, then simply falling unconscious, and he and tulip fell of the building, until Aggie saved them. It was very disturbing. \"Does it hurt?\" Hunter asked a dumb question that he knew Junior's wing does hurt. Either way, junior answered, \"You have no idea...\" \"'Does it hurt?'? 'DOES IT HURT?'?!\" Aggie chuckled sarcastically like crazy, then shouted. \"You stepped on his wing, stupid! ON PURPOSE!\" \"Agatha.\" The young stork calmed her down. \"It's just me and Hunter now. You and Tulip should go outside and wait for me.\" \"And leave you here with him? Please.\" \"Aggie, as your boss and my assistant, I ordered you to take Tulip with you, go outside, and wait for me.\" Honestly, as his assistant, Aggie never wanted to leave junior with his evil father, but it's also her job to obey him. \"Fine.\" She rolled her eyes, and guided Tulip outside. \"But I'll warn you, I have spying magic. I can see through walls. I'm watching you.\" She said before she and Tulip went outside, and slammed the door close. Both storks stayed silent until Hunter broke it up. \"I gotta hand it to you. Your assistant is very aggressive.\" Junior ignored that statement. \"Why did you do all this?\" Hunter couldn't bear to look at his son in the eyes. \"Look at me, dad! Why?\" Junior yelled, but hunter remained silent. \"Why did you do all of this?! Why would you try and restore a life you yourself destroyed?! Why did you kidnap an innocent family and hurt another one?! Why did you want to kill Tulip?! Why did you want to hurt Aggie? She was very innocent. She wasn't here those times. You almost destroyed lives in one day!\" His anger changed into sob. \"Most of all, why weren't you there when I needed you the most?!\" That question was the only one that Junior wanted to spill it out. \"All I want was my father by my side, that's the real reason why I wanted to be boss! To make you proud, but it didn't work! Just why? Why would you want to kill me?\" Hunter noticed the tears from his son's eyes when he closed them and let them rolled down his cheeks. He looked away, and answered. \"I admit it! I was so consumed by work and my desire to keep up my company that I was blinded. But the point is... I'm sorry. I'm sorry I tried to kill the babies, Orphan tulip, your little assistant, and most of all, I'm sorry I tried to kill you above anyone else. I'm so sorry that I was never there for you when you needed me the most. I'm sorry that I put my work before you and our family, that I never realized the kind of stork you had become. I'm sorry I didn't appreciate you enough to allow you to call me 'father'. Honestly, I didn't realize that until now. I'm sorry that I never gave you the love you deserved or the father you always wanted... I'm very proud of what you have become without my help. And your mother would be proud of you.\" That was the last explanation that Hunter confessed as he quietly sobbed. At this point, Junior couldn't contain silent tears as he sobbed so hard it made his chest hurt. Tulip and Aggie watched and heard the father-and-son conversation with Aggie's spying magic, which she was not suppose to cast, so she'll permanently remove that magic from her body later, and they secretly cried too with tears formed in their eyes. They also noticed that the two stork guards beside them sniffed of crying as well. \"Why are you crying at?!\" Aggie shouted as the guards startled in fear. \"Nothing!\" One of the guards said as he stood up straight again, \"Just nothing.\" \"There's just something on my eye.\" The other guard lied. \"You better be.\" Aggie growled as she and Tulip continued to spy on the two storks inside. \"That's all I ever wanted to hear...\" Junior sobbed. \"All I ever wanted was to hear that you were proud of me.\" He cried as tears fell freely and hit the floor. \"I want to forgive... but, I just can't. At least, not yet...\" He looked at his father deadly in the eyes. \"You tried to kill the love of my life. That's is unforgettable and unforgivable. I don't let anyone to hurt Tulip.\" \"So, you and Tulip, huh?\" Hunter sighed. \"I should have seen it coming a mile away.\" \"It just sort of happened. Thanks to my new loyal friend and assistant, Aggie.\" Junior changed the topic. \"You tried to kill her too, even though she wasn't here before and never knew about what happened. Agatha was the only one who helped with my problems, and she was been a good friend to anyone and me. She was also there for me when I need help, unlike what you did to me before! When my wing got hurt, you didn't have a chance to heal me or comfort me! The only one who did it was the girl who...\" Junior stopped right there when he remembered the 8-year-old girl with black hair, white dress, and large fairy-like wings on her back. She was similar to Aggie's appearance. Which means... \"Aggie was that girl.\" He whispered to himself. Then, Hunter interrupted. \"You're very lucky to have a friend like her.\" \"Yes, yes I am.\" The young stork answered. His father looked down. \"I guess this is goodbye, then.\" Junior finally gathered up the courage to get closer to the cage. The picture he had before was slipped between the bars. \"Prison allows to keep photos.\" Hunter took the picture and carefully pulled it from his son's wing. \"Thanks.\" Junior nodded and quickly turned away. He walked away with a small limp, but still proudly held his head. Until he forgot something. \"Oh, and by the way, my assistant wanted to give you this.\" He revealed a plate, and he let it slipped towards Hunter, revealing a piece of ube cake (from the Philippines). After that, he walked away again, realizing he had just confronted his past so he could continue with his future. He didn't spare one last look at his father, ending once and for all whatever relationship he ever had with his father. While seeing watching through Aggie's spying magic, Tulip, Aggie, and the guards noticed Junior coming as they quickly fix themselves, and wiped the tears from their eyes before Junior came out, and shut the door. \"You have watched, didn't you?\" He asked, but no one answered. Junior knew Aggie used her magic to watch them. Instead of being angry at her, he patted Aggie's head with his good wing. \"Thanks for watching over me.\" Then, he turned to Tulip with a weak smile. \"Let's go I think we're done here.\" Back at the cell, Hunter sighed as he took a piece of cake, sliced it with his feathers, and ate a bit. It was good, but he didn't have the cravings to finish it. He took the old piece of paper from his pocket. It was an old child drawing Junior made for him when he was a hatchling, when he could still see the admiration in his son's eyes. He placed the picture inside it and covered it with the drawing. Without no one hear or see him, he finally broke down in tears. He looked up outside the window, and into the night, he thought of his wife. \"What have I done?\" He sobbed. \"So, what did he say?\" Tulip asked, helping him walk towards the elevator. Junior frowned and looked down. \"Nothing that would change anything.\" \"Oh, Junior.\" At least I know that I faced the questions I've been putting aside for too long. \"We should go back quickly before the doctor finds out you're gone.\" Aggie suggested as she pushed the 'up' button. \"Yeah, I'm pretty tired, and I'm sure you girls are too.\" Junior chuckled. \"Nah. I'm not really tired.\" Aggie said. \"Even though you hated Hunter, and you wanted to punch him like that, you still have a big heart, Agatha.\" Junior smiled proudly. \"You gave him a cake.\" \"That's what I am. I've done that sometimes.\" She shrugged. Junior's suspicions were correct. Aggie was that girl who healed him when his wing hurt years ago. He just smiled, but he won't tell Aggie yet. Of course, for an 8-year-old turned 22, she can't refresh her memory that far. \"I'm not really tired, Junior.\" Tulip yawned. \"You need rest.\" \"Maybe... we could share a bed?\" Junior suggested, but felt stupid about it. Aggie's mind dinged like a bell as she scolded, \"Oh no. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I know I'm not your parent, but you can't share a bed. No!\" \"Oh, come on, Aggie. Just once.\" Tulip begged. \"NO! I'm not letting you guys. Since when did you ever learn that?\" Aggie stamped her foot, and cried like a baby as the elevator opened and she ran towards the opened elevator. \"You guys are disgusting!\" Junior chuckled. \"She really wants to be a child again.\" \"Tell me about it.\" Tulip rolled her eyes. \"She's such a childish girl.\" Then, they entered the elevator. Wow, that's worth of writing. So what do you think? I'm almost finish with this story. One chapter left and it's all finish. By the way, I was inspired by cinderashes123 and his/her own Storks story from wattpad. That's why I made my own since he/she didn't finish his/hers. Anyway, review. Note: Ube is called purple yam. Ube cake is one of the most popular flavor of cake, especially in the Philippines. I hope you tried that flavor. One question: Do I have to make a wedding in the last chapter or not?[Chapter 15] This is my last chapter. Good luck reading this. I hope you'll won't cry while being excited about it. Many, many weeks later after that bad fiasco, everything is back to normal in Stork Mountain. The destroyed structures were fixed, and the storks got back to work, like normal days. Junior was fully healed, and went back to his job as boss. The Gardners were back at their home, safe and sound. Aggie thanked Skipper and the rest of the penguin family a lot as they headed back to their world, and Aggie said goodbye to them. Tulip's family went back home too as Tulip decided to stay in her workshop in Stork Mountain for a while to continue working. In other news, after Junior, Tulip, and everyone in Stork Mountain found out about Aggie's wings and ability of flight, Junior promoted her as a deliverer, three days a week, much to Aggie's dismay, but she accepted it anyway, and still kept her position as the checker and the assistant. Since many weeks had passed, Junior and Tulip dated each other for almost 100 times, including weekends and holidays (before Christmas and Halloween), and their love was like eternity, but it was not enough yet. It's time to take their relationship to the next and high level (I was supposed to say final level, but that's not the final level of a love couple relationship). At evening, like what Junior usually do when there was going to be a date, Junior went to Aggie's room for help and asking advice for his and Tulip's date tonight, and this time, he was more nervous that usual. \"Ugh, why am I the only one to give you advice about this?\" Aggie asked as she took out a black tuxedo from her closet. \"Because you're a helpful and supportive friend.\" Junior said. \"I'm always counting on you, and I trusted you.\" \"Fine. But you owe me... just something. Now hold still, I'm going to put this thing on you.\" Aggie lifted the suit above the stork's head. \"Wait, what are you...? Is that...\" Before Junior can familiarized the suit, Aggie helped him wear it. Junior felt that the suit won't fit on him. \"Aggie, I think the suit is tight.\" \"Don't be silly, I already measured you, and copy the style of your father's suit for your suit.\" Aggie explained. \"No wonder it looks so familiar, and where did you get my father's suit?\" He asked. \"Long story, short. I can't tell. So, just let me take this thing...\" Aggie grabbed a black tie of her boss's suit, and pulled it roughly and quickly, making Junior scream. \"Sorry.\" She apologized as she took out a small black bow from her drawer. \"And I'll put this little thing here.\" She put the bow on the tuxedo collar, and straightened it. Then, with her magic powers, she snapped her fingers, and a red rose appeared, floating next to her. \"And then, I'll put this here.\" She pinned the rose at the left side of the tuxedo, and then, she took a few steps back to examine her boss if he looked good for his date. Her pupils suddenly grew big like puppy eyes, and squealed excitingly. \"Wooooooow! Look... at... you!\" \"What?\" Aggie grabbed a large mirror to let Junior see his reflection. He was almost surprised that of his looks. Although he did clean himself, but the way Aggie made his suit and fixed his attire, it was perfect. She was right. His suit was a lot like his father's, only smaller and more gorgeous, according to Junior himself. \"do you think she'll like it?\" He asked his assistant/friend. \"Are you kidding? SHE'LL LOVE IT!\" aggie exclaimed excitingly. \"I think you're ready to go.\" \"I don't know, Aggie.\" Junior was very nervous, nervous than before. \"What if it would not work for us?\" \"Then, make it work. I dated a bird, and we're okay with it. Everyone was okay with me and my love, so it's your turn.\" Realizing she was right, Junior took a deep breath, then exhaled. \"You're right. I'll do it.\" Before Junior headed towards, Aggie whistled him to halt, \"Do you have the thing?\" The stork revealed a small black box on his wing. \"Got it.\" \"Good luck.\" Aggie gave him a thumb-up before Junior exited her room. When she heard footsteps faded, Aggie took out her phone, and pressed the green button to call all of her friends. \"Guys, it's going to happen. Bring the rest of the crew.\" At the park, Junior took Tulip there for a date. She wore a sky blue dress with sparkles all over them, and her hair is still ties in a bun. He covered her eyes with his wings so he would surprise her. \"Where are you taking me?\" Tulip asked. \"Oh, I won't tell you.\" Junior chuckled. \"It might ruin the surprise.\" She felt her boyfriend carefully dragged her forward as she followed him, until he stopped dragging her. \"Now, can I open them now?\" \"Alright, open them now.\" When Tulip her eyes, she gasped in awe at the sight before her. There was a line of candles on the park's grass, and all over the ground was a trail of red tulip petals. \"Oh Junior. It's... it's beautiful.\" The stork smiled, taking a hold of her hands once she was close enough. \"I thought you would like it.\" \"Did you do this all by yourself?\" \"I did have a little help with... you know who, but this is not over yet.\" \"It's not?\" \"No, not yet.\" Junior gave Tulip this tender look. \"I still have to do... this.\" He lowered himself down one knee, causing her eyes to widen. \"Junior, what are you doing?\" Tulip asked. Unbeknownst to the two, Aggie and her friends were hiding behind bushes and trees to watch the proposal scene. Even Tulip's family, Jasper, Pigeon Toady, the other storks, the wolf pack, and other bird employees of Stork Mountain were also hiding and watching. \"Isn't this exciting?\" Vanna asked excitingly, but many shushed her quietly as she nodded. When Junior was about to speak, Aggie quickly took out her phone, and recorded a video of this proposal scene. \"My beloved Tulip,\" Junior began softly. \"It's been a year and few months ago when we became friends, delivering Diamond Destiny to her family, and re-opened the baby business. Those things we've done, we've done that together. I never treated as a family before you found yours, and a regretted that. Then, after we became friends for one year, my feelings for you was so complicated, until I was so sure I have feelings for you when we danced at the anniversary party. Since we've dated for so long, I've come to realize... I want us to spend the rest of our lives together.\" Tulip's heart pounded loudly like mad in her chest. She just hope of what he was doing is what she thinks he was doing. Junior released her hands, reached out for his pocket to take out a small black box from it. \"So I ask you...\" He opened the lid with his wing to reveal a gold ring with a sky blue diamond that matched her dress. \"Will you marry me?\" When they heard that cue, Tulip's family was about to jump with excitement out of their hiding place, but Aggie gestured them that it's not the time. Then, the family obeyed her. In that moment, Tulip felt like the entire world had come to a halt. She couldn't move. She couldn't breathe. She just covered her mouth with one hand as she let out a small, choked sob, feeling the pinpricks of tears stinging her eyes. \"Come on, Tulip. Answer.\" Teo whispered in his hiding place. When Junior saw her reaction, he panicked as he was about to ask her what was wrong, but he suddenly heard one single word from her. \"Yes!\" Tulip nodded as she launched herself at Junior, practically knocking over in the process. \"Oh, yes! Yes, I will! But I'm a human, and you're a stork. It will never work.\" \"We'll make it work.\" Junior smiled as he leaned in and kiss her. Tulip returned the kiss, then they broke it, and hugged each other. \"Aaaaaannddd... NOW!\" Junior and tulip startled when they heard Aggie's voice from the bushes as they quickly released themselves. When Aggie jumped out of hiding, everyone jumped out of their hiding places and cheered for the engaged couple. While cheering and yelling excitingly, Aggie revealed her phone to her two bosses, stating that she was recording them when Junior proposed to Tulip. Junior face-palmed in embarrass that his assistant recorded his proposal speech. Aggie gave him a high-five, but she saw how disappointed her boss is, she just grinned sheepishly. But Junior grabbed her, and rubbed her head to tickle her for doing a great, yet crazy job. 3 weeks later. It's wedding day, and it was held at the park. There were chairs at both sides, with many tulip petals on the ground, and there was an arc in front, covered by tulips. On the left side of the aisle was tulip's family and flightless birds who were Tulip's friends in Stork Mountain, sitting on their chairs, while on the right side were all the stork employees. At the back were the wolf pack and the I teams since they are just guests of the wedding. In front of aisle, Junior had never felt so nervous in his entire life. Dressed in his attire, he was trying to not fidgeting, especially since there were so many people, even his fellow storks, probably watching and chatting about him. But he is still sweating for being nervous. \"Junior, you need to chill out.\" Jasper placed his wing on Junior's shoulder. Jasper was Junior's best man or bird so it's his job to calm the groom down. \"I can't chill out, Jasper.\" Junior whispered. \"How can you expect me to be calm at a time like this?\" \"You're just stress with nervous and excitement.\" Aggie said, holding a pillow on her hands with two rings on it. She was the ring bearer. She wore her same attire at the anniversary party months ago. \"That's what grooms feel when they were about to get married.? \"Well then, how do you know about marriage? You're not even married yet.\" Junior glared at her. \"Hey, I have lots of friends who are married, and I became their party planner.\" \"And you were our party planner too, at the same time, you were the ring bearer.\" \"I was proving myself to be the most trusted and supportive friend. There! Happy?\" \"Sshhh, stop it, you two.\" Jasper shushed the two arguing friends. \"It's time.\" Aggie secretly used her magic to play a song from a cassette, the same song that she sang at the anniversary party. Tulip wore a simple white wedding gown with a small veil on her head, slightly covering her face. She was lead by her father slowly making their way down the trail of tulip petals, which it was also an aisle. Junior's eyes widened when he saw his girl. The most beautiful girl he ever seen. He just smiled tenderly has he didn't feel nervous anymore, feeling like he was proud of himself. Jasper shed a little tear as he felt sad and proud that his 'baby' has already grown up. Aggie almost cried as she buried her face on the pillow, but she didn't mind the rings stuck on her face. She always cries in weddings, and she cried to some of her friends' weddings. When they finally reached him, Teo handed his daughter to Junior and shook hand-wing with him. \"Welcome to the family.\" He whispered as his future son-in-law nodded. Tulip handed her bouquet to someone off to the side, and Junior reached out to take a hold of her hands. They stay facing each other, but they were unaware that Pigeon Toady stood on top of the table with a book at hand or wing. \"Hey, bra!\" Everyone startled as they were surprised that Pigeon Toady was in front of them. \"Pigeon Toady, what are you doing here?\" Junior asked. \"I'm going to marry you two, so let's get this ceremony started,\" He opened the book, and cleared his throat as he announced. \"My friends, and odd guests, we are gathered today to celebrate the marriage of Junior and Tulip... And did you know they are my two best friends in the world?\" \"Uuhhh...\" Tulip doubted that. \"We're just work friends.\" Junior said. \"Nice joke, best friend.\" Pigeon Toady laughed. \"Get on with it, or else!\" Aggie shouted as she took out and activated her lightsaber. Pigeon Toady knew what will happen next as he quickly said to the wedded couple. \"You may exchange vows.\" \"I, Junior, take you, Tulip, to be my wife, my partner in life and my one true love. I will cherish our friendship and love you today, tomorrow, and forever. I will trust you and honor you. I will laugh with you and cry with you. I will love you faithfully through the best and the worst, through the difficult and the easy. Whatever may come I will always be there. As I have given you my wing to hold so I give you my life to keep.\" As he spoke, he gently squeezed her hands and intertwined his feathered fingers with her fingers, not wanting to let go of her gently ever again. Tulip was so moved by his words that she could feel tears of endearment gathering in her eyes, but now was not the moment to cry. Now it was her turn. \"I, Tulip, promise you, Junior, that whatever obstacles we face, whatever criticism we hear, no matter how hard and painful to accept, I shall stand by your side and we shall overcome the problems together. Despite of us being different species, I will love you in the good and the bad, for the rest of eternity. I shall never forget the stork who never got me fired, and who trusted me the most. From this day and on, I shall love you until the end of time.\" After their vows, Aggie stepped forward nervously and excitingly to give Junior the rings. \"Hurry, before I'm going to explode!\" Junior quickly took the rings, and winked at Aggie appreciatively. The couple exchanged rings as Junior slipped the ring through Tulip's ring finger while Tulip slipped the ring through Junior's feathered finger Once they were finished, Pigeon Toady turned to Junior. \"Do you, Junior, take Tulip to be your wife?\" The stork didn't hesitate to answer. \"I do.\" Then, the pigeon turned to Tulip. \"Do you, Tulip, take Junior as your husband?\" The female human didn't hesitate to answer. \"I do.\" \"I now pronounce you, husband and wife. You may kiss...\" Before Pigeon Toady could finish, Tulip pulled Junior down by his shoulders, and kissed him, much to his surprise, but Junior soon got carried away as he returned it, pulling Tulip closer. \"...the groom.\" The pigeon finished. Jasper chuckled, and Aggie cried in tears as she covered her face with a pillow. Cheers erupted from the audience, friends, and families. They all stood up from their seats, clapping whistling, howling by the wolves, and jumping happily by other bird employees. After the newly-weds broke their kiss and hugged each other, Aggie started to interrupt the sweet scene. \"I know it's pretty early to give wedding gifts, but I got you guys something.\" She showed them a small present that was wrapped in a white wrapper and tied on a purple bow. Junior opened the present, and he and Tulip looked at what's inside. They were confused at first that their present was two golden and bronze ID holders that are shaped of a small letter 'I', with each their pictures are behind ruby gem shards. \"Ever since we're friends, I was wondering that after your marriage, is it okay for you guys to become one of us?\" Aggie explained nervously. \"To become members of my team?\" With their assistant's permission, Junior and Tulip never planned to join Aggie's team, but they didn't want to reject the offer, and they want to be with their assistant... best friend all the time. \"You really mean it, Aggie?\" Tulip smiled. \"If you want to.\" Aggie replied. Junior and Tulip glanced at each other as they nodded. \"I think the Stork Mountain would be okay without us.\" Junior said. \"It would be great to be part of your team, Aggie.\" Tulip added. Aggie smiled excitingly as she took the two I team IDs, and recited. \"As the leader of the team, I assigned you, Junior and Tulip, to be part of the Honorary Imaginary teams, and the shards in your IDs are magical shards that represent your element; the element of Love.\" When Aggie wrapped the IDs around Junior and Tulip's necks, according to their pictures in their element shards, they pulled her closer to join in their hug. They thanked her for not only being a good friend, but also for everything that Aggie did for them. THE END It's like I've got nothing to do but think about you Everyday is a new day And I don't have to pretend All my friends think I'm crazy But I don't want this to end When I have the chance I wanna say to you Wishing I could take back what I put you through I'll never do it again We're like oil and water still we somehow mix And what used to be broken is somehow fixed It's hard to explain I know some people say That opposites attract If that's the truth then we We will be together forever It's like I got nothing to do but think about you I've got all the time in the world If you look in my heart, you'll know from the start That's its all I can do, not to think about you I gave you good reason To walk out that door Let me tell you I've learned a thing or two And I'm so amazed at the things you do Now don't let me go oh no I know some people say That opposites attract If that's the truth then we, We're meant to be together forever It's like I got nothing to do but think about you I've got all the time in the world If you look in my heart, you'll know from the start That's its all I can do, not to think about you I know some people say That opposites attract If that's the truth then we, We belong together forever It's like I got nothing to do but think about you I've got all the time in the world If you look in my heart, you'll know from the start That's its all I can do, not to think about you It's like I got nothing to do but think about you I've got all the time in the world If you look in my heart, you'll know from the start That's its all I can do, not to think about you Characters: Junior Tulip Agatha \"Aggie\" Mondejar Galido Jasper Pigeon Toady Main Imaginary teams Skipper Skenda Kowalski Kelda Rico Private Prenda Dr. Blowhole Dr. Blest King Julien XIII Jolie Maurice Mac Mort Mic Marlene Maltor Kitka Kira Doris Dona Ms. Perky Perkila Shauna Smantha Hunter(female leopard seal from Penguins of Madagascar series) Huntress Skepper Skinda Kelski Kowalda Reco Rida Prevate Prida Frantis Francista Jack Skellington Jet Skellington Sally F. Skellington Saltor F. Skellington Samuel Skellington Samon Skellington Joseline Skellington Josalan Skellington Sunday Skellington Samon Skellington Jason Skellington Josan Skellington Winnie the Pooh Pon Piglet Pigla Tigger Tiggro Rabbit Rabba Eeyore Eeyre Owl Owly Roo Raa Kessie Kessia Heffridge Trumpler Brompet Heffalump, IV/Lumpy Lumpra Cosmo Julius Cosma Cos Jului Cosmi Wanda Venus Fairywinkle-Cosma Wanda Vena Fainiwinkle-Cosmi Poof Fairywinkle Cosma Pof Fainiwinkle-Cosmi Timothy \"Timmy\" Tiberus Turner Timosy \"Tims\" Tibenous Turna Tootie Toots Sparky Sparkito Blossom Utonium Blos Utioniam Bubbles Utonium Bubs Utioniam Buttercup Utonium Butters Utioniam Red Chuck Bomb Matilda The Blues (Jake, Jim & Jay) Terence Bubbles(bird) Hal Stella Ruby Roy Rebecca Chyna Ann Parks Olive Daphne Doyle Fletcher Pumpernickel Quimby Tom Cat Ton GuardianCat Jerry Mouse Jenny GuardianMouse Cooper \"Coop\" Burtonburger Cotter \"Cot\" Butten Kat Kit Oggy Oggly Joey Joen Marky Markyless Dee Dee Den Den Phineas Flynn Phineaks Flynnto Ferb Fletcher Flerk Fletcha Perry the Platypus Pelry the GuardianPlatypus Aglet Ferb II Flerk II Dofelia Tinkerbell Tankerblush Periwinkle Perawankle Jake Jape Izzy Iztchy Cubby Cubry Skully Skulio Bugs Bunny Brags GuardianBunny Lola Bunny Lela GuardianBunny Daffy Duck Daffu GuardianDuck Tina Russo Tira Russa Tweety Bird Twaty GuardianBird Sylvesterr Sylvestre Tasmanian Devil/ Taz Tenz Petunia Pig Petina GuardianPig Baby Bugs Bunny Baby Brags GuardianBunny Baby Lola Bunny Baby Lela GuardianBunny Baby Daffy Duck Baby Daffu GuardianDuck Baby Melissa Duck Baby Marissa GuardianDuck Baby Tweety Bird Baby Twaty GuardianBird Baby Sylvester Baby Sylvestre Baby Taz Baby Tenz Baby Petunia Pig Baby Petina GuardianPig Miley Ray Stewart Lillian \"Lilly\" Truscott Oliver Oscar Oken Bagel Frederick \"Fred\" Figglehorn Serio Seno Azul Azal Paco Pico Pilar Pilair Yin Yi Yang Yan Luke Skywalker Han Solo Leia Organa Ben Solo Theo/Turbo Chet Whiplash Skidmark Smoove Move Burn White Shadow Twilight Sparkle Applejack Fluttershy Rarity Pinkie Pie Rainbow Dash Spike Discord Fancy Pants Soarin Screwball Lightning Dash Thunder Dash Prism Cinnamon Stick Cinnamon Roll Gemstone Tri-Pies(Raspberry, Blueberry & Cherry Pie) Honorary I teams: Ginger Rocky Babs Bunty Mac(chicken) Fowler Nigel Uno/Numbuh 1 Hoagie P. Gilligan Jr./Numbuh 2 Kuki Sanban/Numbuh 3 Wallabee Beetles/Numbuh 4 Abigail Lincoln/Numbuh 5 Shaun the Sheep Bitzer Timmy(Lamb) Timmy's mom(sheep) Shirley Nutz Hazel Lawson Jeff Tyler James Avery Jennings Chloe James Stan Dracula Vladimir Dracula Mavis Dracula-Loughran Jonathan \"Johnny\" Loughran Dennis \"Denisovich\" Dracula Loughran Lydia Dracula Judith Laverne \"Judy\" Hopps Nicholas Piberius \"Nick\" Wilde Basil of Baker Street Dr. David Q. Dawson Tulip's family: Teo Jane Rusty Paolo Hilda Vanna Julia Timothy Carlos Varner Callie Alpha Wolf Beta Wolf Wolf Pack Henry Gardner Sarah Gardner Nate Gardner Diamond Destiny Gardner Hunter (stork) Villainous Penguins Well, my work here is finish. I hope you like my story so far, even this chapter. Song: All I can do by Jump5 I hope I'll hear all of you soon. Bye :-) ","Summary":" Hi, everybody! This is my first Storks fanfic, and I hope you like it! Yes, there was going to be J"},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"Playing with the Big Boys","Author":"Mandy Kay Miller","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/834873","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I wanted to write a Motocrossed fanfic for awhile, but never thought of a plot idea. Then I saw Ultimate X at the Imax (it's very very very good, and highly recommended!) and I managed to get a little more than entertainment out of it. A plot idea! This takes place 1 ½ years after the movie. Have fun! And btw, Andrew = Andy, Andrea = Andie. Andy 1:35 PM I took in a deep breath as I stared at the place in front of me. Had I really made it? Or was this some kind of dream or hallucination? I must have looked like an idiot staring at that big red X for what seemed like hours, but that was OK. Because I, Andy Carson, was an official X-Games competitor. I was only 17. Still in high school. Suddenly, I knew that I wouldn't make it. I'd slip, I'd fall. I'd break a million bones at once. Freestyle moto, in my mind, was one of the most dangerous things a person could do. Why didn't I stick to racing? It was so much easier. And mom would die if I told her that most of the guys got 100 feet plus on the jumps. When she asked me how high I'd be I tried to dodge the question and replied, \"Not that high.\" \"Hey.\" I turned and saw another guy. He was a little taller than me, but I should have expected that. Most of these guys were probably older than me. \"Hey.\" He smiled. \"You're new, huh?\" \"How'd you know?\" He chuckled. \"You look like I did last year. The amazement at seeing this place, like it's the realm of the gods or something.\" \"Isn't it?\" He laughed. \"I guess you have a point. I'm Nick Jayland. Call me Jay.\" He stuck his hand out and I shook it. \"Andy Carson.\" \"Are you nervous?\" I smiled. \"Man, I can't count all the times I peed my pants and we haven't even started competing yet.\" He laughed again. \"Well, good luck. And by the way, Pull-Ups help.\" ~*~ 4:37 PM \"Talon speeds past the finish line for third!\" My head jerked back to the motocross racing track. I'd just been walking around and heard the announcer say that. Did he say Talon? As in Dean Talon? I started into the stadium. I flashed my card to the security guards to show that I was a competitor, then went to the finish line. There, dressed in blue with the number 47 on his back, was a racer with TALON above his number. But that wasn't Deans number, was it? \"And Dean Talon finishes in eighth.\" Eighth?! Then who was this other guy? Probably a brother or something, I guessed. I was impressed that Dean had made it to the X-Games himself… and didn't finish last, like I was going to do. I could be there, I thought as the racers started walking their bikes away. I could have just finished a race. I caught myself wondering why I'd chosen freestyle over racing. I hadn't seen Dean in a long time. He'd practiced with me a couple times after he signed with Carson Racing, but then he moved to Massachusetts before he even got a chance to actually race for us. Soon after that, I'd gotten interested in freestyle, and I found myself practicing it more and more. I'd actually made pretty good progress. 30 minutes later I was leaning against an empty hallway wall and saw Dean with a girl walking up to me. \"Carson?\" he demanded. \"Is that you?\" \"Yeah,\" I replied. \"Nice race.\" He laughed. \"I don't think so. That's the first time I've gotten lower than 4th in 5 years. But thanks anyway. Why didn't I see you out there?\" I smiled. \"I'm not such a racer anymore. I got into freestyle.\" \"Man, that stuff is so cool to watch. I'll be there to watch you.\" \"Thanks.\" The girl cleared her throat and looked at Dean expectantly. She was incredibly cute. She was Chinese, with long shiny hair. \"This is my cousin,\" Dean said. \"Kori.\" \"Your cousin?\" I demanded. \"You're…\" \"Yeah, I know. My aunt adopted her.\" \"And you're the Talon who finished 3rd?\" I asked her. \"Yeah. I hear you have quite a racing history yourself. And your sister.\" \"Is she here?\" Dean asked. I nodded. \"Of course. Do you really think that Andie would let me come here alone? She'd hide in my helmet if she had to!\" Dean smiled. \"Does she still, uh…\" \"Like you? Yeah, I think so. You should have seen her moping around when you left. Next time you should take her with you. Please.\"[Chapter 2] ANDIE That day, 5:00 pm I groaned and turned on the TV. \"I don't want to go anywhere,\" I wined to my parents. \"What's wrong with staying in the hotel?\" \"Nothing's wrong with it if you're sure you're not hungry,\" mom replied. \"I think I'll starve,\" I muttered. \"You aren't still bitter at Andy, are you?\" she asked. My parents were on the verge of making me to totally insane. Bitter at Andy? I had never even been bitter at him in the first place. A little jealous, though. Maybe. Jealous that he'd made it to the X-Games and I hadn't. But bitter? Not at all. Or, maybe a little. \"Mom, I'm not bitter,\" I said. \"I'm just not hungry, either. Is that a crime?\" She looked to my little brother. \"Jason, are you going to stay with Andie?\" \"Yeah, I think so.\" \"You won't get bored?\" \"We can always go in the pool,\" I said. I had no intention of going out of this hotel room anytime soon, but if telling them that would get them out the door, I'd gladly say it. \"All right. Have fun.\" They left. Finally. There was a bit of silence filled in by the TV, when Jason said, \"You're mad at Andy, aren't you?\" \"I am not!\" I said. \"I'm just as good as he is.\" \"You're mad. Admit it.\" I shook my head. \"Maybe… a little. But honestly, does everyone think I'm not able to be happy for him? Because I am. Really.\" \"Uh-huh.\" Knock, knock, knock![Chapter 3] ANDY Day 1, 10:40 am \"Carson, right?\" I turned and saw Jay standing there. \"Yeah.\" \"This is Jack Austin and Drew McEllen. Austin's new, too.\" \"You nervous?\" I asked Austin. \"Nah. I'll tear the place up.\" I wished I had his confidence. In 10 minutes I would go up there. In 10 minutes and 50 seconds I would get my score for the first round. Dean and Kori were sitting kind of in the middle, and my family was in the 3rd row. I could see them clearly, all gawking at the guy that was up now. I turned my attention to him. I didn't recognize most of the tricks he was doing. Maybe he made a few up. \"BJ Riggs,\" McEllen said, also watching the rider. \"Man, if you rookies know what's good for you, you won't mess with that guy.\" \"Dude,\" Jay said. \"Just because he pasted you doesn't mean-\" \"What did he do?\" Austin asked. \"Nothing interesting,\" Jay replied. \"He just threw a few punches is all.\" \"Jay, the guy cracked my rib.\" I raised my eyebrow. \"Must have on heck of a punch.\" \"Yeah, he does,\" McEllen said. Jay rolled his eyes. \"Please. I've broken 24 bones.\" \"I know a guy that broke over 50,\" McEllen replied. \"That's not the point. That's from falling. This is from a punch. \" I got a little nervous and started having second thoughts about jumping 100 feet up. I noticed that Austin looked a little uncomfortable, too. Jay laughed. \"It's OK, guys. Don't worry about falling. Just hang on to the bike and don't land on your crotch. You'll be fine.\" \"Have you done that?\" Austin demanded. Jay laughed. \"No way. If I had, I wouldn't be here. I'd be too embarrassed. But it's always been a paranoia of mine.\" \"Next up,\" the announcer said. \"Nick Jayland.\" McEllen patted him on the back. \"Break a leg.\" Jay slipped on his helmet, hopped on his bike, and rode off. But not without replying to McEllen, \"I'll start with yours.\" McEllen laughed as we watched Jay start off. How could these guys be so calm? McEllen and Jay joked around and Austin didn't seem nervous at all. Well, until we started talking about breaking bones. \"I need something,\" I said. \"I mean, I need water… or something.\" \"Dude, you're up soon,\" Austin said. \"I know.\" I looked down at my sweating hands. I was so tense and nervous I couldn't stand it! I rolled up my sleeves. I was hot. The stadium was packed with people creating body heat. People that were watching Jay. People that would soon be watching me. \"Carson!\" \"Wha… huh? What?\" I snapped back to attention. Austin laughed. \"You know what this is?\" he asked McEllen. \"This is stage fright at it's peak.\" \"I'm not scared,\" I said. \"Just alert, right? Really really awake?\" I smiled. I don't know if he was making fun of me or not, but I pretended like he wasn't. \"Yeah.\" He laughed again. \"You have 5 seconds. And counting.\" I put my helmet on and rolled down my sleeves for looks. I hopped on my bike and waited for the announcer to say my name. \"You'll rip,\" McEllen assured me. \"Really.\" I breathed deeply and heard him call my name. Get out there and rip it, I told myself. I rode out and heard everyone cheer. Would they be cheering in 45 seconds… or booing? I went over the first jump. The second. Again, again. Each time doing a new trick. The crowd was entertained. Definitely. They cheered loudly as I hopped off my bike. I was smiling like an idiot. I didn't even care about my score anymore. I didn't make any mistakes. And I'd had fun. And most importantly: didn't humiliate myself. I went back to where the other guys were, took my helmet off, and laughed. \"What a rush!\" I said. That was the most fun I'd ever had. Now I remembered why I'd chosen freestyle over racing. Racing was exciting, but freestyle was that same excitement times 7. \"Carson? Check out your score,\" Jay said. I turned. I'd gotten a 92.6. \"Ha-hah!\" I cheered. \"Is that good? It feels good!\" Jay laughed. \"It's good, man.\" McEllen laughed. I knew he was laughing at me and not with me, but I didn't mind. I did good, and that was all that mattered during that golden moment. \"How d'ya feel?\" he asked me. \"Totally stoked!\" \"Welcome to our world. Wipe your shoes before entering.\" I smiled, but a hiss from Austin turned my attention. \"Guys!\" he said. \"Pastrana's up!\" My head snapped back to looking at the rider. On the bike was Travis Pastrana, who'd never in his entire life gotten anything less than 1st place in a freestyle competition. He was amazing. Hypnotizing. I couldn't tear my eyes away. It seemed like a crime to blink, even. Because there he was… in person, in front of me. \"Man, I wish he'd leave,\" McEllen muttered. \"What?\" Jay demanded. \"Why?\" \"Because as long as he's here, the silver and bronze are the only medals up for grabs.\" \"But how often do you get to see him live?\" Austin asked. \"This is sweet.\" \"Sure. If that's what you want to call it.\" McEllen's dullness seemed to rub off onto us. I was actually a little bit mad at him, almost. I wanted so bad to be excited to see Pastrana live, but now… \"You make me sick,\" Jay said. \"Whatsa matter with you, Mic? 2 years ago you would've paid an arm and a leg to be in the same state as that guy.\" \"2 years ago I didn't know a can-can from a whole shot,\" McEllen replied. \"Pastrana ain't nothing but another show-off in it for the girls.\"[Chapter 4] A/N: I'm very sorry for lack of updates. I'll do better! =) Oh, and I don't do poetry, so please be kind with the free verse poems. (but I hear anyone can write free verse). ANDY Day 1, 7:45 pm I followed Kori to the coffee house near our hotel. I couldn't resist. I was so curious about where she went all the time and what she did. It crossed my mind that maybe she was on drugs. Maybe they helped her be more alert on her bike. She fit the type that would use them: loner, quiet, yet tough. I was ready for almost anything except the truth. She entered and I went in after her. Inside it was dim lit only by the light that was on the small stage-like platform on the far side of the building. There was a person sitting on a stool. The funny thing was, she was reciting a detailed, emotional poem. I kept my eye on Kori thinking, OK, where's the drug dealer? but she didn't meet anyone. In fact, she sat down on the couch and listened attentively. I couldn't make sense of it. A hard-core motocross racer listening to poetry. And actually liking it. It didn't work. Didn't fit. Yet, here she was. The girl ended her poem and the people clapped and cheered, but I was mostly only happy that it was over. To my further amazement, Kori then stood and went on stage. She sat down and took the mic. \"As most of you know,\" she began. \"I'm practically obsessed with motorcycles.\" A few people cheered and she smiled. \"I took 3rd today in the X Games!\" This time the cheers were louder, but not necessarily fuller. I'm guessing that most of these people didn't know what the X Games was. She gave a short, small laugh. \"Anyway, yesterday I wrote something for Miya.\" She cleared her throat and began dramatically. \"The great cry of my friend pierces my ears, So much we've been through. The pain, bitter tears. I can't bear to see you acting this way… It's tearing, scraping at my open, bleeding skin. The horrible roar grows louder. It thunders my heart. Distress, agony… eating me alive. It all started with only one cry. Now, as it reaches it's pinnacle of fright-\" She paused to build suspense. \"Now becomes a silenced cry.\" Her poem earned her cheers of delight, and my own confusion. How was that related to motocross? Why did she bother mention the X Games at all? Kori smiled and hopped down from the stage. She went over to the counter to order something. I went up there, too. \"Nice job,\" I said as I sat down next to her. She turned. \"Andy, right?\" She didn't sound too pleased to see me. \"Yeah.\" \"What are you doing here? This is the last place I'd expect to find a free rider.\" She said \"free rider\" like we had some kind of disease. \"I could say the same about a racer,\" I returned. \"And in answer to your question, I just kind of stumbled in. What about you?\" \"Are you trying to trick me or what?\" \"Of course I'm not trying to trick you,\" I replied. \"Why would I?\" \"You're surprised to see me here, you might as well admit it.\" I smiled. \"OK, I am. But what does that have to do with tricking you?\" \"You want me to admit I'm not some big, tough girl that plays with the big boys. You want me to admit that I have a soft spot.\" \"I never said that. Kori, you rip.\" \"I'm not buying your compliment. For your information, I'd choose to be at this place over a track any day. All that excitement and anticipation… this place helps me unwind. Chill out.\" \"Good for you. Now… who's Miya?\" Kori laughed. I was glad that she did… it showed she wasn't mad at me anymore. Judging by the tones and things she said before then, I thought she hated me, but now this laugh helped relax me a little. \"I'll give you a dollar if you can figure it out.\" \"No thanks, I'm just a stupid moron. I'd rather you tell me.\" \"Miya's my bike.\" I coughed, more than shocked. \"Really? You're kidding.\" \"No, really. If you tell anyone, you'll never be able to ride again, got it? We're talking permanent damage.\" \"OK! OK, I won't.\" She sipped her drink. I felt like I had to somehow make up for nearly laughing at her. \"It's cool, though. I mean, tons of people name stuff. Like, Lucielle that one guy's guitar, and… um,\" \"Andy?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Shut up.\" I laughed. \"OK. So… the cry. In your poem. What was it?\" Kori stared at me. She looked prettier in the dim light. More mysterious. \"You are a dumb moron! It isn't clear already? The cry was the engine. It stopped working because it burned out.\" I laughed again. \"All that sorrow over a bike?\" \"Hey! She isn't just a bike, she's my bike!\" \"She? What if it's a he?\" \"You know, for a dumb moron you've got a pretty smart mouth.\" \"Hah! You've just proved my theory.\" \"What theory?\" \"That girls always have to have the last laugh.\" \"That's not true.\" \"Yes it is!\" Kori stared at me for a minute, straight in my eyes. It kind of scared me, like maybe she was hoping for a kiss or something. So finally I decided to break the trance. I looked down. \"What?\" \"You're nothing like I expected you to be.\" \"Oh?\" I looked back up. \"How'd you expect me to be?\" \"Like the rest of those dumb riders. All of them, not just the free riders.\" \"And how are they? Or, we?\" \"Stuck-up show-offs. Most of them are crazy on top of it. Totally nuts.\" \"That's not true. I know tons of sane riders.\" Kori shook her head. Her voice was quiet when she spoke next, and almost sad somehow. \"They're all the same.\" She looked back in my eyes, and I could of sworn I saw tears. \"It was nice talking with you.\" She got up and left. I almost followed her, but she went into the bathroom. Fifteen minutes later she still hadn't come out, so I left.[Chapter 5] A/N: X Games are now over… boo hoo! I KNEW Tommy Clowers was gonna win Step Up! I was rooting for him the whole time. And Metz… backflip to backflip! VERY impressive!!!! (even though I don't like Metzger that much… or the Metal Mulisha, for that matter.) Anyway, I hope you all enjoyed X Games VIII as much as I did! DEAN Day 2, 9:28 AM \"I've always hated that,\" Kori said, her eyes on the TV. \"What?\" I asked, continuing to look at my car magazine. We were sitting in the hotel room having some downtime for once. She was laying on one of the beds on her stomach, her head at the foot of the bed, and I was laying the opposite way on the other bed. \"You're not even listening,\" she stated. I closed it and looked at her. \"What do you hate?\" Kori seemed to be in a different world as she spoke next. Her tone was even and gentle, her eyes staring ahead at nothing in particular. \"When you're meters away from the finish line, an inch ahead of the other guy, when you suddenly slip. Wipeout. The bike ends up on top of you and you're lucky if you can go home with less than 4 broken bones. Not to mention now you're probably gonna finish last.\" OK, that was weird, I thought. Not necessarily what she said, but how she said it. Kori was definitely on my list of strange, very freaky people. \"Yeah, that would suck,\" I said. \"It's like… victory is right there. Hang on for 5 more seconds and you're the very best. One slip, and it's all gone.\" \"Uh-huh.\" I opened back up my magazine, but when she continued talking I turned my attention back to her. \"I think that racers – any kind of racer – are the only people who really realize how fast everything can be taken away. Who really, truly realize the reality of the effects of one fire, one theft, one arrest, one car crash…\" \"Yeah.\" Kori turned to look at me. \"You're such an insensitive jerk, Dean.\" My eyes widened. \"What?\" I demanded. \"What was that? I didn't ask for that!\" \"All you care about are gears and parts! Did you ever stop to think that maybe people-\" \"Woah, there. Hold on. Before you start lecturing me, would you like to tell me how you decided that I'm such a jerk?\" \"I'm trying to have a deep, meaningful conversation with you and all you can say is \"Yeah, uh-huh, that sucks.\" When all the while I'm trying to make a point on a more…\" She paused, looking for the right word. \"On a more significant level.\" I really didn't want to get into this with her. Especially not right now. I was really sick of fighting with her about this \"meaningful, significant\" stuff, so I just let it roll. \"Fine, then. I guess I'm a jerk.\" \"Finally, you're right for once.\"[Chapter 6] ANDY Day 2, 10:30 AM \"So this is what Andy Carson looks like when he's not riding a bike.\" I didn't recognize the voice behind me. It was a surprisingly deep voice, even for a guy. I turned and saw a huge guy in front of me. \"Um… I don't know you, do I?\" \"Yeah, you do,\" he said. \"You probably just don't remember me. But I'll bet you remember the tricks that you beat me with yesterday.\" \"It was the first round,\" I said, a little defensively. I was starting to get a little nervous. Was this that guy that cracked McEllen's rib? \"The first round doesn't even matter.\" \"You're wrong, rookie. The way someone gets noticed and famous is by ripping the first round.\" \"Well, um-\" \"You'd better pray you fall today. For your own sake. If you're lucky, maybe you can break a few bones and have my pity.\" He slammed into my shoulder as he walked past me. ~*~ \"Hey, dude,\" I said to Jay when I walked into the stadium. \"Did you catch that one guy's score yesterday? The one that McEllen's freaked out about?\" Jay smiled. \"Briggs? I don't know. Why?\" I almost told him about my encounter, but then decided not to. I'd look like I was scared, then. And the last thing I wanted to do was look like a wimp in front of these guys. \"No reason.\" \"Uh-huh. Really, now.\" \"Really,\" I said. \"No big deal.\" I turned my attention to the rider that was up hoping he would do the same, but Jay wouldn't let it drop. \"He said something?\" he pressed. I shook my head. \"Threatened you, didn't he?\" I shook my head again, but stayed silent. \"Fine, keep it a secret. But a word of advice, Carson? This guy doesn't play games. He isn't all talk. If he says he'll kill you, he will kill you. Trust me. McEllen got nailed 'cause he didn't give Briggs' threats the attention they shoulda got.\" I kept my expression neutral, but I inwardly squirmed. Really? So… I had to fall today if I didn't wanna get into a big fight? Don't let Briggs push you around , I told myself. If you do good, he'll just have to deal with it.[Chapter 7] KORI Day 2, 10:59 AM I walked back to my seat wondering if Andy would have the guts to take my advice. Easier said than done, I knew. I was a little worried that if he did do his best this guy would pound him and I'd have to live with it on my conscience. \"What'd Andy want?\" Dean asked as I sat down. \"Nothin',\" I said, shrugging. \"C'mon, Kor. He's more my friend than yours.\" I remembered Andy mentioning how Andrea was mad at him. \"He just wanted my advice. His sister is mad at him and he just wanted a female's point of view. That's all.\" \"Why is she mad?\" I shrugged. \"I dunno.\" \"Maybe I should-\" \"Don't do anything ,\" I said firmly. Great. Now Dean was going to tell Andie that her brother told me she was mad and she would be even more angry. \"I handled it just fine. Talking to people takes tact, and you desperately need that.\" \"That's not true.\" \"You're right,\" I said sarcastically. \"I just love to falsely accuse people who I don't even care about.\" \"No wonder you don't have a boyfriend,\" he muttered. \"You scare all the guys away.\" \"I don't need a boyfriend,\" I said. \"Nor do I want one.\" \"That's part of the reason you're so insane.\" \"What's the other part?\" \"Your inability to-\" He stopped. \"Carson's up.\" My attention was quickly turned to the jumps and who was riding them. I watched Andy carefully as he rode. When he landed for the third time, he let me down. When he landed, the bike was tilted to the right, and the impact forced it to turn and go down. He wiped out, and the bike ended up on top of him. \"Andy!\" I cried. Did he do that on purpose? It had looked accidental to me, but that didn't mean he hadn't planned it. \"He'll be OK,\" Dean said, getting up. \"Where are you going?\" I demanded, also standing. \"To see him.\" I followed him through the crowd of people downstairs to where the riders were. Andy was limping back towards us, a person on each side of him with his arms slung around them. \"Andrew!\" a blond girl said. \"Are you OK?\" The people helping him led him to a bench and he sat down. \"I think so,\" he replied, taking off his helmet. \"Anything twisted?\" asked someone that I assume was his mother. \"Or broken?\" Andy shook his head. \"I'll be fine in a minute.\" \"Andy?\" I asked. I don't know if he noticed me before that, and I wanted him to know that Dean and I were there. \"Kori,\" he said, suddenly amazingly calm and a mixture of seriousness and sadness. \"What was that?\" I asked. What I really wanted to ask was \"Was that on purpose?\" but if I said that, then it would raise too many questions. He shook his head. \"I don't know.\" With a glance to a couple other people, he said, \"You guys don't know each other, do you? Guys, this is Kori, Dean's cousin. Kori, this is my sister Andrea, my brother Jason, and my parents.\" \"Hi,\" I said to them. \"It's nice to meet you, Kori,\" his mom said. \"And you,\" I replied. I looked to Andrea. \"I've heard a lot about you, mostly from Dean. I admire any girl who races moto.\" She smiled. \"Thanks. Do you ride?\" I nodded. \"Dean and I are both competing here.\" \"Andrew,\" his mom said. \"Are you sure you're all right?\" Andy rolled his eyes. \"It's not like I fell from the air, mom. I was already on the ground.\" \"But your bike crushed you.\" \"No it didn't. That back there was a 3 ½ foot fall. It's pitiful, really.\" \"You were doing good,\" Dean said. \"Thanks, man.\" \"You still have a chance to win if you don't do that again.\" Andy snorted. \"Win? No way. Not with Travis Pastrana in this. But maybe I can do well. 5th or something.\" \"Yesterday's score was pretty good, though.\" \"It wasn't bad. I just hope this doesn't pull me back too far.\" \"Well, if we aren't taking Andy to the emergency room, I'm going back out there to watch,\" Jason said. \"Jason!\" his mom exclaimed. \"What?\" he asked. \"he said he'd be fine in a minute.\" \"I will,\" Andy replied. \"No one's taking me to the emergency room. Go on.\" \"Well, if everything's fine, I'm gonna go, too,\" Andie agreed. Then quickly added, \"If Andy's OK.\" \"Go on,\" he said. \"Mom and dad, too. I'll be fine. Just let me sit here for a little bit.\" \"Andrew…\" his dad said, unsure. \"I've fallen before,\" Andy insisted. \"Really.\" His family left. Andy shook his head. \"Typical parents,\" he muttered. He looked at me and Dean. \"You guys don't have to stay here, either, you know.\" \"You sure?\" Dean asked. Andy nodded. \"Yeah, I'm just gonna sit here for a little while and chill out.\" \"OK,\" Dean said. \"Kori, you comin'?\" \"I-\" I hesitated. If I stayed, Dean would, too. But I had to talk to Andy alone. I had to find out what was going through his mind when he fell. \"I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'll be there in a sec.\" \"OK.\" I started away, but once Dean was gone I turned around and went back to Andy. \"Did you do that on purpose?\"[Chapter 8] ANDY Day 2, 11:05 AM I'd seen the question coming. I knew she was going to ask that, I just didn't know what to say to it. I, myself, didn't even know the answer. \"I'm not sure,\" I replied. \"Tell me!\" Kori ordered. \"I did! I don't know. I think… I don't know.\" \"What do you mean? Andy, c'mon. If you wimped out, just tell me.\" \"I think it was kind of a mixture. I mean, I wasn't going to at first, but then a thought of maybe, possibly doing it entered my mind, and before I knew it…\" I left it at that. \"But I didn't try to, I don't think.\" Kori shook her head. She was disappointed in me. I felt ashamed that I'd let her down. \"Just… do me a favor, Andy?\" \"What?\" \"Don't ever do what that creep tells you to again, OK? You're so much better than this.\" \"OK. I won't.\" \"You'd better not,\" she said firmly. \"Or I'll deck you. And I think you'd rather face him than a very angry me.\" I smiled. \"OK, I promise.\" ~*~ About 45 minutes later, people started leaving the course. Kori and Dean came up to me and asked me how I was, and I told them that I was fine. Because I was. I felt pretty good, as a matter of fact. I noticed Briggs coming out. I prayed that he'd just walk past me, but I had no such luck. He stopped to see me. \"Aw, Carson,\" he said mockingly. \"That was too bad, back there. You'll probably be out for, what? A week? My sympathy.\" I stood to face him. \"I'm in it tomorrow.\" \"Good idea. Then we can see a replay. Maybe after that one you'll wise up and back off.\" Kori hit him on the shoulder, but not hard. She was only trying to get his attention, not hurt him. \"Hey, what's your problem?\" \"Excuse me? Am I talking to you?\" \"No, I'm talking to you .\" Briggs chuckled. \"What are you? Some guy's hood ornament?\" \"I'm a rider, and I'm 3 times as good as you,\" she spat. He smirked. \"This is a joke! Too bad I won't have the honor of competing against you, doll face.\" \"Actually, I'll see you at Step Up.\" With her head held high, Kori stalked away at that. Dean tried to control his laughter. Briggs turned to him. \"You know that chick?\" \"She's my cousin,\" he replied. \"Well I hope you aren't too attached. Her mouth is gonna get her shot, and sooner than you think.\" Then he also left. Dean shook his head. \"The guy's right,\" he said. \"Kori's gonna get nailed one of these times.\" I began to worry about Kori. Was what Briggs said about her being shot a threat, or did he mean it as Dean took it… a joke? \"Yeah,\" I said. \"Is she as good as she pretends to be?\" Dean shrugged. \"Yeah, basically. I think she's gonna get silver this year in racing.\" \"I didn't know she did Step Up.\" \"Oh, yeah,\" he said. \"She's really into it. She can easily make 30 feet. She's gotten 34, but I'm not sure if she can do it in two tries. But she was getting really excited at the 2001 games when Pastrana and Clowers were duking it out. I don't even know how to pronounce some of the things she called Pastrana when he lost, though. She was going on and on saying stuff in Chinese.\" \"She doesn't like him?\" \"She did… till he lost. She was actually his biggest fan. But I think Kori could beat him in Step Up at least, and not many girls can say that. I hope she does well.\" I shook my head. Wow. Kori had reached 34 feet! That was over what Clowers had won with in 2001, and if she could make it, he had serious competition. \"Yeah,\" I agreed. \"Me, too.\" A/N: from now on, I'm gonna update every Saturday just for the simple reason that school is here. On a rare occasion, I MIGHT update during the week, but for the most part it'll be every Saturday. Reviews are appreciated![Chapter 9] A/N: ignore what I said before about updating every Saturday. I just finished writing this fic, so I'm gonna be updating a lot just so that I can get it done. I also started a new one, but I'm not posting that till this one is all up. And don't worry, what's up now is less than half of the story. You have a lot to read yet… MWAHAHA!!!! =) KORI Day 2, 10:30 pm I sat on the couch sipping on coffee while listening to a depressing poem. The author was a great writer, but I hated listening to it just the same. I didn't feel like being depressed or sad. I wanted to be happy. But I couldn't, because with each word that was said, another vision of her ran through my head. I don't know how I got into poetry. I don't know why it reminds me of her. And most importantly, I don't know why I'm so into it when it causes me so much pain. Poetry makes me cry, not because it's sentimental, but because of her. She didn't like poetry, though. Or, at least, she was neutral to it. So how come each time I write something I see her? Her face… looking at me, smiling. But not always smiling. No, sometimes I see her panicked face seconds before she hit… My eyes stung with tears. I go up and darted for the bathroom. I ran smack into someone. \"I'm sorry!\" I said quickly. \"Kori? Are you all right?\" I looked at his face to find, to my horror, Andy. \"I'm fine,\" I lied, trying to somehow suck in my tears. \"Are you hurt?\" Typical guy, I thought. To them, there's no such think as emotional pain. When you cry, your body is damaged. That was all they knew about pain. \"I told you, I'm fine.\" \"There's no use in lying,\" he said. He lifted up his hand and wiped away one of my tears. \"I know you're crying.\" \"I haven't cried in a long time,\" I answered, in my head searching for each and every excuse I could use. \"Sometimes I just… let it all go.\" Andy blinked. \"So you cry for no reason other than you never cry? That doesn't make any sense. Kori, I thought we were friends. You can tell me.\" I was getting frustrated. \"Look, you want me to be honest with you?\" I asked, my voice raising. \"Fine. I have a really rotten past, OK? Not a day goes by when I don't cry for her. But I don't want to talk about it. Maybe someday I'll tell you… maybe someday you'll understand. But not now. Not anytime soon.\" With that, I walked past him into the bathroom. And cried. ½ an hour later I figured he was gone, so I came back out. I went up to the counter, sat on a stool, and ordered a drink. Then Andy sat down beside me. \"Dean talked to me about Step Up,\" he said almost cheerfully, in effort to change the mood. I appreciated that, because I liked talking to him, just not about her.[Chapter 10] DEAN Day 3, 11:45 am \"Kori! Kori!\" I shook her by the shoulders. \"Get up!\" She groaned, still half-asleep. \"It doesn't start till noon,\" she mumbled. \"Yeah, and it's quarter to!\" Kori's eyes snapped open. \"You serious?\" she demanded. \"Yeah,\" I answered. \"Totally. It'll take us 5 minutes to get there, get up!\" She leapt out of bed, then hesitated. \"Um, I need to shower, but…\" \"Can you do it in 5 minutes?\" She paused, then nodded. \"I can try.\" She ran to her bag and whipped out some clothes. She ran into the bathroom. Through the door she yelled at me sarcastically. \"Oh, and thanks, by the way, for waking me up 10 minutes before we have to leave!\" she called. \"You're lucky I woke you up at all!\" I shot back. \"I just woke up, too, you know!\" \"Oh, well, then everything's pink and fluffy, isn't it, Dean?\" she said. Then I heard the water start to run. I sighed. This wasn't my fault, but yelling about it wouldn't help. I had to get ready. I found my toothbrush and paste and brushed my teeth. I realized that I had to do it without running water. Oh, well. 5 minutes later Kori shot out of the bathroom. She grabbed a brush and began brushing her wet hair while I got in the shower. But over the water and through the door, I could still hear her raging loudly. \"Great!\" she said. \"The first day of Step Up, and I'm gonna hafta forfeit cause my stupid cousin didn't wake me up in time! I've practiced, too! I can get 36 feet, for crying out loud! I could get the gold, but no! I forfeit cause I overslept!\" She continued yelling things in Chinese, which I was actually getting strangely used to. I was out of the shower in 3 minutes. We had 2 left till we'd have to leave. \"You ready?\" I asked her. \"Um… I need to put my hair up and do makeup.\" \"Makeup?\" I demanded as I watched her go into the bathroom with her toiletry bag. \"You're riding a motorcycle, you don't need makeup!\" \"Yes I do! Just a little something for shine… maybe a touch of mascara.\" I rolled my eyes. Kori may be a rider, but she's still female. \"Kor, we have to go. Now.\" \"OK, OK. Just let me brush my teeth.\" \"Why didn't you do that while I was showering?\" \"Are you kidding? Gross, Dean! And swallow the toothpaste? Use my spit as water? Really, sometimes you're totally disgusting.\" \"At least I'm ready!\" \"URGH!\" she yelled. Then she quickly brushed her teeth, put her hair in a low ponytail, and we were out the door.[Chapter 11] A/N: remember, Kori named her bike Miya. And she's kinda strange, so she refers to her bike as almost an actual person, and she says things like \"we\" instead of \"I,\" talking about both her and Miya. If you don't remember that, this chapter will confuse you. Oh, and I apologize to all Tommy Clowers fans simply because in this fic in general I make him seem like the bad guy. It's only because Kori really wants to beat him, nothing against him. I, personally, happen to be a Tom Cat fan. KORI Day 3, 12:30 pm Briggs' voice was still taunting me. I was getting so sick of it that I just wanted to deck him. Hard. \"Why don't you go back to Japan where you came from?\" I smirked. \"Because I came from China.\" \"Don't give me that, sweetheart. I have your best interests at heart. I just don't wanna see you get hurt.\" I glared at him. Dean once told me that if I glared at someone long enough I could kill them from fear. I was hoping he'd drop dead. \"It's too bad that little foreign girls have to come all the way to your pathetic country just to teach bratty boys a lesson,\" I countered. (A/N: I love America, don't get me wrong. Kori's just really mad right now and is looking for any and every way to offend Briggs, including his nationality.) \"Really? I got the impression you were doing something else with that rookie, Carson.\" The comment put my fist on automatic. I didn't even think before I realized my fist was in his gut. He grunted, maybe in surprise, but my punch didn't do much else. We were right in the middle of the Step Up competition, so he was wearing padding and such. \"You don't wanna play rough with me, baby,\" he said in a deep, threatening voice. For some reason he enjoyed giving me pet names. \"Don't tell me what I wanna do,\" I replied forcefully, trying to match his tone. Then I slit my helmet on, started up Miya, and rode to the jump. 29 feet. Normally we'd be able to make it, but right now I was nervous and upset, and I knew that they would affect us negatively. With a glance to Tommy Clowers, my nervousness turned into determination. I was no longer upset, but aggressive. We would make the jump and we would show these Americans what real Step Up was all about. I warmed up Miya by revving the engine and took off down the jump, then up into the air… I realized in a panic that Miya's back wheel was going to hit the bar. I turned so that Miya and I were nearly 100% horizontal, running parallel with the bar, and saw it pass below my face. With a sigh of relief, I turned us back to normal and landed a no-hander, my arms in the air to display our victory. I wheeled her back to where the Step Up competitors were hanging out. I flashed a smile to Briggs after my helmet was off. \"Be careful, darling,\" I mocked, using his own fashion of pet names. \"That's a long way up, and even longer coming down. Especially when you're falling.\" \"You'd know a lot about falling,\" he countered. \"Of course,\" I replied calmly. \"What's perfection without experience?\" He smirked. \"Y'know, we could go at it all day if no one stopped us, but eventually one of us has to back off. And girlie, it ain't gonna be me.\" He nodded to the crowd. \"See them? You should be thankful for each of them. They're your saviors.\" Then he added in an eerie whisper, \"Without all these witnesses, you'd be dead by now. Or worse.\" I forced myself to smile back, even though the hard note in his voice made me uneasy. \"You have no idea who you're dealing with.\" \"A small baby girl who's a long way from home.\" \"Not nearly. Kori Talon.\" \"Talon? What happened to Natorei? Oh, that's right… I forgot. Your mom's dead and you relied on another nation's pity.\" That was it. He was tearing at my last nerve, now. My mother was such a painful subject, I could barely stand to hear little kids shout \"Mommy!\" in the mall. And now here he was… telling me about how she was dead. My mother. Motocross champion. Great friend. Murdered. Not technically \"murdered,\" but that's how I thought of it. Someone had intentionally killed her, bike or no bike. My fist flew at his face, but he dodged it. In a flash, Nick Jayland and Tommy Clowers (both of which had been standing next to me) were holding me back from landing a real punch, and Michael Reed and Travis Pastrana were keeping Briggs from retaliating. \"Don't talk about my mother!\" I yelled, struggling against the 2 guys' holds on me. \"And I don't take pity!\" \"You wanna start something, China girl?!\" he roared back. \"Do you really wanna mess with me?!\" \"Bring it on!\" I screamed, infuriated. I yelled so loudly that my throat scratched itself and was suddenly deathly sore. (A/N: I've done that. It hurts like the Dickens.) \"Chill! Chill!\" Clowers' voice was paid no attention, by either me or Briggs. \"I'll kill you 10 times before you hit the ground!\" \"Try it!\" \"Don't be so eager, doll face!\" \"Man!\" Travis said. \"Chill out!\" \"Get off me, pretty boy!\" Briggs answered. That was the last clear sentence I heard. All of the Step Up competitors were gathered around now, yelling. Some cheering for either me or Briggs, some telling us to calm down, some telling each other to shut up. Before I knew it, a few men in uniforms – security guards – were standing in between Briggs and I and the guys holding us let go. \"What happened?\" one demanded. \"Talon threw the first punch!\" came a call. \"It's true! I saw it!\" \"Briggs was giving her crap!\" \"Shut up! I'll show you crap!\" More yelling, more chaos. Finally, the security guards regained control. One turned to me, the other to Briggs. \"You may be suspended from X Games for causing a fight,\" he told me. \"Go back to your hotel room and wait for someone to contact you. We'll ask questions around here to find out what happened.\" \"I'll tell you what happened,\" I said, still mad. \"He-\" \"Thank you, you can go.\" I wanted to punch that guy so hard that his head flew right off his shoulders, but I knew that wouldn't help my case. I bottled up my anger until I was outside, then I punched the wall until my hands were drenched in blood. Anger, frustration, madness, hatred, and maybe even a hint of fear were exploding out of my body in the form of violence, and I hated that even more. I gave the brick wall a final punch that hurt the most. The rest had hurt, certainly, but this one was so much harder that I thought my knuckles would break. The already open wounds that were covered in blood stung more than anything I'd ever felt. Physically or mentally. \"Kori.\" Dean was there, I knew it. It was his voice, his tired tone. I didn't have to turn to see who it was. I glared at the wall only a foot from my face. \"What?\" I grouched. \"What was that? You started quite a fight.\" Tears started to come to me just thinking about what Briggs had said. \"We were just talking,\" I answered, slightly horrified at my tone. It was sad, like someone on the brink of crying. But I didn't want to cry here. I only cried in bathrooms and places where no one was watching. But now I started telling him, so I had to finish. \"Talking trash to each other, but nothing more. Before I knew it, Clowers and Jayland were holding me back. But I wanted so bad to nail him. Really pound him into the ground, y'know?\" I turned and looked at Dean. He nodded. \"I know.\" Then he looked at my hands. He picked one up closer to his face and some of my blood tricked onto his hand. He said a word I shouldn't repeat. \"It's not bad,\" I said quietly. \"Kor, you've scared me before with your gothic stuff, but punching a brick wall is just insane.\" I pulled my hand back. \"I'm not gothic,\" I said. \"Well, not exactly, but your attitude-\" I knew what was coming next. His lecture about how I'm a freak. I didn't want to hear it. \"There are guys out there with attitudes 20 times worse than mine. Go bug them.\" He smiled. \"Geez, Kor, you really are one of a kind.\" \"Yeah? Well I like it that way.\" \"I understand he said something about your mother?\" All happiness I'd been feeling vanished in an instant. \"Yeah – something,\" I mumbled. \"I'll respect your privacy, cause I know that you have some kind of deep thing with er death, but you have to tell someone sometime.\" I held back tears. \"I don't,\" I replied. \"That's why you left China. Cause no one here knows anything about it. Right?\" \"Something like that,\" I said quietly. \"How did she die?\" I bit my lip. There was nothing I hated more than crying, and I desperately didn't want to do that in front of Dean, anyway. I'd already come dangerously close to it. \"It was a motorcycle accident,\" I admitted, my voice betraying me. \"She hit a barbed wire fence and lost too much blood. Everyone said I was crazy, but I just knew he cheated. I still do.\" \"Backup. You mom did moto?\" I nodded. \"She was all for the \"women can do anything men can\" thing, and she wanted to prove it by doing something girls didn't do. And… that guy she was racing, he rigged her bike. I know he did. I don't know exactly how, but it was enough to ram her into barbed wire.\" Then the tears fell. \"I could never prove it,\" I sobbed. Dean wrapped me in a hug. \"So you were close,\" he stated. \"Are you kidding? We did everything together. She was the coolest.\" \"I'm sorry, Kori.\" \"Don't be sorry. Be here.\"[Chapter 12] A/N: I should have clarified this before, and I'm sorry I didn't. In my story, moto has 4 categories: Step Up, Downhill, Freestyle, and Big Air. In real life they don't have Downhill, but it was the only way I could stick Dean in here and connect him to Kori. And without Dean and Kori, I have no plot! If it really bugs you that I totally butchered that, tell me and maybe I'll change it if I have enough time and if I get enough complaints. DEAN Day 4, 8:48 am The phone in the room rang. \"Kori!\" I called into the bathroom. \"Get that!\" I was a lot closer to the phone, but I was pretty sure it was the X Games people calling to tell her if she was in or not. She rushed out of the bathroom and dove for the phone. \"Yeah?\" she asked into the receiver. They said something I couldn't hear. \"This is,\" Kori replied. Pause. \"Uh-huh.\" Pause. \"Well, not exactly. I-\" Pause. \"Yeah.\" Pause. \"Oh, thank you. Thank you so much!\" Pause. \"Yeah. I understand.\" Pause. \"OK – thanks. Bye.\" She hung up and threw her arms around me. \"I'm in! I can compete!\" I smiled. Kori – being Kori – doesn't hug much. I knew this meant a lot to her. \"So… now you just have to beat Clowers and get 1st in downhill. Then everything's cool.\" \"I'm saving 1st for my favorite cousin,\" she replied. She gave me a kiss on the cheek. \"Man, Dean, I'm so happy!\" I gave her a weird look. \"I know, cause that's the first time you've kissed me.\" \"Just your luck, huh? Your first kiss and it's from your cousin. \" \"Hey!\" I laughed. \"Girls have kissed me before!\" \"I know, but I wasn't counting your mom.\" \"Aw, get ready for Step Up, you fruit.\" \"I love you, Dean.\" \"I know. Now hurry up, or I'll leave without you.\"[Chapter 13] KORI Day 4, 9:00 am \"I didn't know if you were gonna make it today,\" Clowers said to me during the competition. \"Wouldn't miss this for the world,\" I replied. \"What… you think I'd let them give my medal away to someone else?\" He smirked. \"It's debatable which medal is yours.\" \"Was that a challenge?\" I returned. \"Like, do you think you can actually beat me?\" \"We'll see.\" I looked over and watched Mike Metzger. He revved up the engine and shot up, up, and barely over the bar. I put on my helmet. \"Showtime.\" Miya brought me to a point, then I stopped her. Quickly, silently, I begged God to let me make it. To untie the knots in my stomach, help me block out the crowd, and soar over the bar. I'd made 31 before. Not on TV, though. I whispered to Miya in Chinese, \"Let's do this,\" and we shot forward. Then up the steep slope, and… And back down to the ground. Had we made it? I looked behind me and saw the bar. Lying on the ground. No! \"Oh!\" I heard the announcer say. \"Kori Talon knicked the bar! An inch higher and she would've had it.\" I brought Miya back in front of the bar, grateful that I got two tries. But if I messed this one up, I'd have to forget about beating Clowers. At least until next year, anyway. I zipped forward and up the slope, and clear over the bar! \"That was a good foot and a half!\" I landed and rode back to Metzger. Clowers was already preparing himself for his own jump. Metzger mumbled something that I didn't quite catch, but it sounded like \"You really think you can compete?\" \"What?\" I demanded, my tone showing my instant anger. \"Nothin'.\" \"You got something to say? Say it to my face, Mulisha boy.\" Metzger put on the classic you-don't-wanna-start-anything-with-me-because-I'm-one-bad-boy face that I'd seen a million times. (A/N: that face can make just about any guy look hot!) Then he glanced over my shoulder, at Clowers who was riding back to us. So instead of throwing something else at me, he smirked at me as he put his helmet on. In a snitty tone, he said \"May the best man win.\" I glared at him as he rode off. \"You're really on a roll, aren't you?\" Clowers asked me. I blinked. \"What?\" \"You're good at making enemies. Ever try and make a few friends?\" I didn't know exactly what to say to that. \"Sorry, dad,\" I decided. \"That's exactly what I'm talking about. You're hostile to me, Metzger sure hates you, don't even get me started on Briggs. How many friends have you made here?\" Did Andy count? \"Um… 1.\" \"I hate to say this, Talon, but every guy here except for that one hate you. We even have bumper stickers and everything. A friendly tip: shut up and smile. That makes you nice and takes care of your way with words.\" I hated to admit it, but he was right. \"And you're telling me this why?\" \"Cause there's gotta be someone in this world that likes you, and they're gonna be ticked when someone else kills you.\" Dean was the only person who'd ever warned me about my general attitude. I never paid his talks any attention, but hearing it from someone else made it more… meaningful. I treated Dean like a brother, so of course I tuned out his talks. But Clowers was a genuine public opinion. \"Um, thanks,\" I said. \"I mean, for being honest. I'll keep what you said in mind.\" \"Here's another bit of advice,\" he said. \"Get out there. Everyone's waiting for you.\" I suddenly felt embarrassed. How long had everyone been waiting? A few seconds, or a few minutes? I gave Clowers a sheepish smile, put on my helmet, and took off. This was it… 32. 3 minutes later it was at 35. Metzger dropped out at 34, so now it was me and the Tom Cat. A minute after that, he tanked his 2nd attempt and it was up to me. If I made it, I'd get gold. If I failed 2ce, then we'd go back to 34 an Metzger would also have a chance to redeem himself. I missed my first attempt, but then my moment of glory came. I defeated Tommy Clowers. \"There it is! Kori Talon over the bar, to take her first X Games medal!\" I, a woman, came out on top in a man's sport. I was stoked. I was grinning like an idiot when Clowers came up to me. \"Keep smiling,\" he instructed. \"It's good practice.\" \"You did your job, now leave me alone,\" I replied, still smiling. \"Talon, you're the newest X Games legend.\" \"No I'm not. I'm a girl with a dream.\" \"Woah, that was good. Say something like that to the camera.\" Just then one of the commentators came up to me. \"Kori,\" she said. \"How does it feel to win the gold?\" \"I'm so stoked,\" I answered. \"Step Up is the greatest.\" \"Do you think you'll be able to do this well in racing?\" \"I don't think I'll get gold unless tomorrow's a good day for me. But Dean Talon is gonna get a medal, mark my words.\" She smiled. \"Great job, that was amazing.\" \"Thanks.\"[Chapter 14] A/N: sorry that it took so long to update, but I lost my notebook for those of you who didn't read that much on my bio. So sorry. But I have it now, and I doubt that'll happen again, so the rest of the story should be up soon. Sorry again! DEAN Day 4, 4:45 pm \"But Dean Talon is gonna get a medal, mark my words.\" I smiled. I was back in the hotel room with Kori watching a replay of her performance. \"You didn't have to say that,\" I told her. \"I'll be lucky if I finish 8th.\" \"That's OK,\" she replied, cheerfulness in her voice. \"It's optimism.\" Since she won, I'd never yet seen her frown. She changed a lot in that instant, I think. In that golden moment that she soared over the bar, she changed for the better. \"Do you wanna go out with me and Andy tonight?\" she asked, going into the bathroom to put on some makeup. \"What's tonight?\" I asked. \"Nothing special. Just a date.\" \"And you want me there?\" \"No, but Andie does.\" \"Andy? Why the heck would he-\" \"No, no. Andrea.\" \"She's going, too?\" Kori walked back out to the main room where I was. \"No, but you could ask her.\" \"She wants me to?\" \"Quit playing dumb, Dean!\" She laughed. I expected her to hit me, but she didn't. Why was she laughing? I'd never seen her laugh before. \"Of course she does. She's a girl. Any girl would wanna go out with you.\" I'm pretty sure that's the first time she's ever given me a compliment. \"Excuse me?\" I demanded. \"Are you OK?\" She shrugged. \"Sure I'm OK. Now get up and ask her out. We can double.\" \"Why are you acting so fruity?\" \"Oh, it's just something Clowers told me. He said that all the guys here hate me because I'm such a witch. He told me to shut up and smile.\" \"I've told you that a million times.\" \"Yeah, but I don't listen to you.\" She laughed again. \"Now get up, c'mon.\" I sighed and stood. \"Fine. What do you want me to do?\" \"Change, then come with me to their hotel.\" \"Fine.\" ~*~ I knocked on the Carson's hotel room door and Jason opened it. \"Hey,\" he said. \"What's up?\" \"We're here for your brother and sister,\" I replied. \"They here?\" \"Andrew is, Andrea's not.\" \"Where is she?\" \"Down by the pool. I'll get Andy.\" Jason turned and walked over to get Andy, where his big brother ruffled his hair and gently pushed him away, then came up to Kori and me. \"Hey, guys,\" he said. \"Dean's coming with Andie,\" Kori informed him. \"Once he asks her.\" Andy smiled and left the room, shutting the door behind him. \"That's cool,\" he said as we started walking towards the elevators. \"I think she'd like that.\" \"Of course she would,\" Kori agreed. I shot her a look that said \"Give it a rest\" and she smiled smugly at me. Andy looked at us for a minute while the elevator doors closed, then said, \"OK… what's going on?\" \"Dean doesn't think Andie wants to go out with him,\" Kori answered. \"I never said that. I just want you to quit smiling is all. Andy, I hope you realize that you're going out with oddest cookie in the jar.\" Andy laughed. \"She's just intimidating.\" \"Not anymore, she ain't. Ever since Clowers talked to her she's been having this superblond valley-girl thing going.\" \"Clowers? What'd he say?\" Kori shrugged as she stepped out of the elevator. \"Told me to shut up.\" Andy laughed. \"I have a hard time believing that's the first time someone told you that.\" \"Hey! Bring it on!\" He laughed again as we entered the pool area. I saw Andrea sitting in the spa, her head tipped back facing the ceiling but her eyes closed, relaxed. I found myself surprised at her hair once again. Maybe I'd never get used to her having it shoulder-length after all that time of it being so short. \"Hey, Andrea,\" I said. Her eyes opened and her head lifted. \"Oh- hi, Dean. What are you guys doing here?\" \"I was just wondering if you wanted to go to a movie or something.\" \"A movie?\" she asked. \"With my brother and your cousin?\" I glanced at them. I didn't know what they had planned. \"We're going to a coffee house,\" Kori said. \"You guys could go see a movie or whatever alone.\" I looked to Andie. \"Or we could go out to eat.\" She looked thoughtful as she got out and grabbed a towel. \"OK… sure.\" \"Cool.\"[Chapter 15] ANDIE Day 4, 5:05 pm Dean and I were walking on the sidewalk by a street to nowhere in particular. I found myself wondering what the point was in going out on this date anyway. After this, I'd probably never see him again, so why bother dating during the 1 more day we'd be here? Finally, I voiced my thoughts to fill the silence. \"What are you doing, Dean?\" He looked at me. \"What?\" \"Are you just messing with my head, or what? What did you hope to accomplish here?\" He paused. \"I… I'm not sure I follow you.\" \"Get real. We both know that once we leave Philly we'll never meet again.\" \"I like being with you. Do I need more of a reason than that? Why not hang out while we can? We never got much chance back when I was riding for you guys, if you can call it riding.\" \"If you like being with me, then why do you hang out with my brother instead?\" The words shot out of my mouth before I had time to think. Once they came out, I regretted them. \"You think I prefer him over you? Is that it?\" \"No,\" I said quickly. \"I just meant that our relationship-\" \"This has nothing to do with us ,\" he replied. \"This is about you and Andy.\" I hung my head. I didn't like how this conversation was steering. \"Can we just forget it?\" \"No, because then it'll still be there.\" \"I'll settle things with Andy, I promise.\" \"Are you jealous of him, or overprotective of me? That's what I wanna know. Is this just another excuse to hate him?\" I continued my steady stare downwards. I didn't like talking to Dean like this. \"Jealous, I guess. I mean, he got to the X Games and I didn't. Do you know how hard that was on me? Maybe he'll always be better, though. Maybe girls weren't meant to be better than guys. I just beat the crappy ones.\" \"Hey, hey. Hold up. Who are you and what did you do with Andrea Carson? My Andrea Carson. The one that got 1st last year racing with the pros. Let me tell you something, they weren't the \"crappy ones.\" Those were real pros that you kicked butt.\" \"You don't understand. Maybe I'll be able to beat some guys, but when push comes to shove, the guys will always win, eventually.\" \"What about Kori? She got gold today. She beat Clowers. Doesn't that count for anything?\" \"That doesn't count for anything in my life,\" I replied bitterly. \"You know what? It does. She proved that girls can beat guys. If my cousin can beat a legend, you, Andrea Carson, can beat your twin brother. Besides… you have to keep in mind that he does freestyle and you do downhill. Maybe more people tried out for downhill. Maybe all the freeriders suck.\" I gave him a faint smile. It was a cute attempt at an excuse. \"Maybe. Thanks.\" \"Anytime. So… maybe when I go back to Massachusetts, we can still be friends? E-mail and stuff?\" \"I'd like that.\"[Chapter 16] A/N: WARNING: This is a fairly violent and very emotional chapter. There is no swearing or anything, but it has a lot of hate and blood in it. KORI Day 4, 11:06 pm Andy and I were just walking out of the coffee house when I spotted Briggs walking on the sidewalk. I grabbed Andy's arm and started walking faster. \"What?\" he asked. \"Did I miss something?\" \"It's Briggs,\" I told him. \"You're not afraid of him.\" \"No, but the X Games officials are only letting me compete if I quit fighting, and no one can trigger my temper like he can. We're best off avoiding him.\" \"Talon!\" Briggs called. \"Crap,\" I muttered. Maybe someone with more sense would have run away at that point, but I'm not like that. I couldn't run. Some sort of sick egotistic policy of mine wouldn't let me. \"I have a bone to pick with you,\" he said. Suddenly, without warning, his fist swung and hit my forehead. It hit and I stumbled back. My head pounded. \"Hey!\" Andy snapped. \"Watch it!\" \"You watch it, rookie,\" Briggs responded. \"You're on my list, too.\" \"Kori, you OK?\" Andy asked me, his voice significantly softer. \"I'm good,\" I replied, sucking in he pain from my throbbing head. Then I looked to Briggs. \"You aren't much of a people person, are you?\" He smirked. \"Look at yourself, honey. It's no secret that you need to go back to your therapist. Take your boyfriend with you.\" I smelled beer on his breath. I gave out a yell as I charged and tackled him to the ground. Then, suddenly, I was thrown into a punching, kicking rage. And I was horrified when I looked at his face, dimly lit by the lightposts, to see my mother's killer. Seeing the transformation, I yelled again and punched harder. My knee came up and went back down right in between his legs so hard that my knee then hurt from hitting the sidewalk underneath what I'd originally connected with. But I didn't stop there. I did every single kind of damage I could, punching, scratching, and thrashing wishing I had something to stab him with again and again, over and over. I hated him. I hated him. I hated him! Die, I silently willed. Die, die, DIE![Chapter 17] DEAN Day 5, 12:10 pm Kori sighed and hung up the phone in our hotel room. \"I'm out,\" she said. \"of the X Games.\" Andy and Andrea were in our room with us. The four of us were eating pizza when the phone had rang minutes before. \"Now what?\" I asked. \"Today's the 250 competition. You could get gold.\" Kori shook her head. \"Not anymore. I guess I forfeit.\" Andy stood. \"Let me race,\" he requested. \"I can do it, I promise. I raced before I got into freestyle and I wasn't half-bad. I won't let you down.\" Kori shook her head. \"No, Andy.\" \"But I can do it!\" \"No!\" Kori said sharply. I was a little surprised that she spoke to him in that tone. \"No,\" she said more quietly. \"I want a girl on the bike.\" \"A girl? But where are you going to find a girl that races in 15 minutes? And-\" Andy stopped and looked to where Kori was. I turned my gaze there, too, and saw Andie smiling. \"Me?\" she asked. Kori nodded. \"Yeah, girl. You.\" Andie laughed and got up to hug Kori. \"Thank you so much,\" she said. \"This is all I've ever wanted.\" \"Just don't disappoint me, OK?\" \"OK.\" ~*~ \"Andrea Carson is on bike 47 taking Kori Talon's place,\" the commentator said. \"We're not sure what to expect from her since she doesn't have much of a record, but her brother Andy is here doing freestyle and impressing a few of us.\" I looked over to Andie and gave her a wink. We were both getting set up at the starting line. We had less than one minute. I hopped on my bike and started it up. I looked down the line at all the guys I could see. Some I recognized from the past few days' competitions, others were new faces. But I didn't have much time to look. Before I knew it, we were off. Almost immediately we were separated into a front and back section. Andie and I were both in back. Once the race progressed a little more, I started passing a few people. I'd lost sight of Andie, but I was pretty sure she was behind me somewhere. The race seemed so short. It ended in what seemed like seconds later. Before I knew it, the places were being announced. \"Out of 10 racers,\" the announcer began. \"Andrea Carson – 10th, Andrew Prince- 9th, Paul Jordan – 8th, Joe Craft – 7th, Dean Talon – 6th, Drew McEllen – 5th, Matt Anderson – 4th, Guy Bentley – 3rd, Kyle Davis – 2nd, and Michael Reed got 1st.\" I looked around, searching for Andie. I found her and Kori talking to a guy from ESPN. I realized that it was being broadcasted live on a large TV screen like what they have at most sports games. I turned my attention to that, since it was easiest to see. \"So, Kori, you had your chance at a second gold medal, and you ended up with a final standing at 6th. How does that feel… are you disappointed? A lot of money was on you to win.\" \"I'm not disappointed at all,\" she replied. \"I accomplished what I wanted to. I began with a girl on the bike and that's how I finished. I couldn't ask for more… except maybe a Step Up gold medal.\" \"Well, congratulations on that.\" Then it switched to another person talking to Michael Reed, the gold medallist. I got off my bike and went to find Kori to tell her how proud I was of her to take the loss so well. \"Words of a champion, from X Games rookie Kori Talon.\" Maybe if this were a movie Andie and I would date again, Andy and Kori would date, and us 2 couples would marry, have children, and live happily ever after. Then we'd find Kori's mother's killer and put him behind bars and everything would be pink and fluffy. But that didn't happen, and until it does… well, this was certainly enough for me. THE END!!!! A/N: please check out my other Motocrossed fanfic that isn't up yet but will be in maybe a week or so. It takes place right after the movie (btw, it has nothing to do with this fic) and the Carsons get a DIFFERENT 250 rider other than Dean (yeah, imagine how mad Andie gets about that!) and Andy has a suspicion that she wants to commit suicide. Things get bad, sparks will fly… trust me… =) ","Summary":" A/N: I wanted to write a Motocrossed fanfic for awhile, but never thought of a plot idea. Then I sa"},{"Movie":"I, Frankenstein","Title":"Her Champion","Author":"Lillianpeace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11605862","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello, another new fic for you guys. I own my characters and ideas and all that jazz. Outfits and character pictures on my Polyvore (Noellamonster) I did a review trade and got a good amount of reviews from the lady. Well I have decided t keep the story posted but still redo as best I CAN. This is a fantasy story, not everything will be logical. It is the year 1795. I am not human in the least. My race of Gargoyle's were created by the Archangel Michael to battle demons on Earth protecting humanity at all cost, I do how ever take on a human form. I am Princess Shaylee daughter of Lenore Queen of the Gargoyle's, I was raised in this holy palace. I walked the stone halls, the candles lit showing me the fallen sashes of Gargoyles who we have lost in battle. The halls cold during the evening time as the smell of Magnolias and the ocean wafted from the open alcove windows. I am alone as my feet take me to my room, I have aged to 18 now but now I will age no more as we all stop ageing until we ascend back to Heaven. We don't age like normal humans, what is 18 years to them is many passing years to us. Some age further some don't we have no real clue as of why. I will one day rule after my mother ascends, unless I go before her. Demons have been waging war while the humans can't fathom the chaos that happens around them, looking to science, to god to anything but the truth. My hair is long hanging down my back, blondish, with amethyst colored eyes, I looked younger than some of our kind, and my face was heart shaped like my mother's. \"My child,\" I heard mothers voice, my silk dress cascaded around me as I turn to her. \"Mother,\" she looked young also but as if she was a human of 30 years of age, her light shimmering brown hair pinned back. I wore the circlet around my head as did she, she held her hand to me palm up. I placed my small hand into hers \"I know times are harsh, but one day this war will be won.\" I smile at her. My only problem was I was not to leave this place, I wanted to see what was out there. I trained with Keziah and Ophir, I was battle trained but chained to this building, and after father died at the hands of the Dark Prince Naberius she dreaded any threat to me. \"I know mother, all is well,\" but it wasn't. \"Queen Lenore, come. Ophir has brought some creature,\" the cold voice of Commander Gideon as he took my mother away. I stood alone watching her and the Commander of our army Gideon enter the chamber, I moved walking with haste to join them. \"We found demons attacking him, we aren't sure why Majesty,\" Keziah said in a low bow as mother circled the thing, they chained him down. Gideon walked with her \"We should destroy it, Queen Lenore,\" I heard as I slipped into the room. \"Why did they want you?\" mother asked but he just pulled at the chains \"I don't know.\" He growled at her. \"I am Queen Lenore, we are the Gargoyle's; protectors of humanity, the Archangel Michael created us. We all have a higher purpose, some have just yet to find theirs. Your creator never gave you a name, I shall call you Adam.\" Her voice soft as she was close to him, her hands braced against his dirty face looking into his eyes, his eyes held promise, he was no creature. Keziah looked at me, my presence has gone unnoticed until now she gave a bow of her head. Commander said, \"My Queen, it is made from the corpses of humans. He is a creature and it is in our duty to Michael, your people and humans to destroy him,\" Gideon was tall, he had a very muscular frame he was smart but very close minded. I spoke up, \"He is no creature Commander Gideon, he is not an animal. But yet you treat him like one, chained like a beast to the floor. He has a higher purpose, we are no one to stand in the way of his own fate.\" They all turned towards me Keziah smiled as did Ophir, but Gideon didn't look pleased. He answered, \"Princess Shaylee,\" Gideon bowed. I walked into the room further looking at Adam, he gazed at me in fascination, I smiled, \"I am Princess Shaylee of the Gargoyles, Adam son of Frankenstein. Let him go mother, we don't treat others this way,\" Mother answered, \"Let Adam go, give him weapons to protect himself. My child you're wise beyond your years, a true Queen you will become,\" my mother walked from the chamber. Commander Gideon stopped, looking down upon me his dark eyes menacing but I held my head high, keeping eye contact \"Commander you are dismissed,\" I said my voice even and pleasant. He gave me one last look before he vanished with Levi and Barachel in his wake \"Princess you are testing Gideon's patience,\" Ophir smiled as they unchained Adam, he stood tall and dirty. \"You will always be welcome here Adam son of Frankenstein.\" My voice like silk over rushing water. He just stared at me \"Follow me, we will give you weapons,\" Keziah said as we proceeded to the armory. It was a large chamber off to the right of the hall. \"Take what you will Adam, anything craved with the symbol of Michael will be able to kill demons,\" I spoke to him. He twirled the sticks before taking them, I waited off to the side he was going to change the tides of the war. He just needed to find himself, that would take time but we Gargoyle's and Demons have nothing but time. Ophir walked him from the holy palace, as I walked to my own chambers. \"Princess, why must you defy me,\" I knew his deep voice, it was one I have heard multiple times as I grew. \"How am I defying you Commander, I am ranked above yourself,\" I gave him a look my brow raised. \"He should have been destroyed Shaylee,\" I gave a sigh as we walked. \"I don't think so, I think when he finds himself he will be what we need to win this war for the time being. I have to make the best choice for our people this was it Commander, now if you will excuse me,\" I left him in my haste to be away from him. Keziah waited outside my chambers \"Princess, Adam has left. I hope you're right in this endeavor, my loyalty to you has not wavered, I just hope you know what you're doing. But Gideon is rather determined to have Adam destroyed,\" I answered, \"Yes, but the opportunity has passed. We will see Adam once again,\" I sat as we talked in length. After a few hours she escorted me to the dining hall, she was my bodyguard along with Ophir. We sat our goblets being filled \"We have made a wise decision tonight, one I know will be for the good of man,\" Mother's voice chimed out a hush fell over the hall. \"My daughter, has given me the hope Adam will be a turning point in the war against Demons.\" Gideon's eyes lingered on me. A cheer rang out as Keziah whispered \"Rumor has spread your mother is near agreement to have you wed to Naul of the western tribe.\" I sighed this was a problem, I wasn't in love with him, no one could love him. He was cruel but very loyal to my mother, all Gargoyles are. I whispered, \"I would flee before she could make it so,\" mother turned as if she heard me, our eyes meeting. I wanted to choose for myself, like her mother did for her. \"To our Queen, to our Princess,\" Gideon slammed his goblet down, the red wine spilling over, as cheers rang once again. \"Child what is troubling you?\" mother asked. \"I will not wed him, if I am to marry shouldn't it be by my choice? I think the time for arragned marriage is done,\" her face softened as she considered my words. \"If that is your choice child, I will agree you are now free to choose a husband. Once Naul comes in a fort night I will tell him, go sleep child,\" I was calmed at her agreeable nature, she wouldn't force me into marrying a man not of my choosing. I walked down the hall alone, but I wasn't alone, Gideon was walking behind me his room not far from mine \"Princess,\" I stopped turning. \"Yes Commander?\" I questioned him \"I as your mothers guard heard your conversation. Do you think it wise to not marry Naul?\" \"I will only marry a man I love, that is what marriage is. A union of two that love each other,\" I walked on as he came up to my side. \"I agree, I love someone more than my life, I would ascend to please her.\" I only hoped he wasn't speaking of the Queen, my mother, maybe Helena who also was a medium ranked guard, I had seen them talking before. \"Then Commander she is very lucky to have your love,\" his hand shot out, the palm of his hand flat against the oak carvings of my door opening it for me \"One day she will know of my love,\" I looked back at him as I entered my chambers. \"I bid you goodnight Gideon,\" my voice soft as we stared at each other. Helena was lucky, he was a brute but he was also something more so much more.[Chapter 2] Thank you for reading, this chapter has been redon on some parts. I got some really helpful reviews and want to make some corrections. Please review. Years may seem inconsequential but to an immortal they tick by like mere minutes have passed. The world hasn't changed much, well at least not much to what humans think but three years have brought slight changes, I watch with my clan, my mother's great clan watching and waiting. But today I have a rather pressing matter; Naul was due to arrive today, for a council meeting of leaders reporting to the Queen, I was to be seated next to her as I always have even at a tender age. I sit as my hand maiden pulled hair back from my face, giving the strands a small intercut braid, making way for the pure silver crown adorned with silver vegetal stampings, leaves, and carved flowers, butterfly wings made of silver and Opals. I understood arranged marriages have been well meaning tradition, to have your child suited with the best match to make a healthy child. \"Princess, it is time to dress,\" I always held such distaste for the way she bowed low moving back from me. I stepped closer in my undergarments, my blue velvet slippers making no sound as I moved, in her hands was a midnight blue velvet gown with black trim, silver runes carved into the trim. It secured around my neck, draping and leaving my bare shoulders shown, before flowing out and covering my arm's, the trim hitting the cold stone floor. I didn't look at my reflection, a loud knock rattled the oak doors to my chamber. My hand maiden hurried \"Princess Shaylee it is Lady Keziah with Sir Ophir,\" her voice bashful, she was still aging once she stopped her training to be a warrior would start. \"It is time Princess, rather not have your mother upset with us for your untimely arrival\" Keziah smiled her voice always warm and loving she was in every memory I have, always. I only give a simple nod of my head walking from my chambers, the stone walls with the coldness they normally held are now warm with the bright rays of sun shining down from Michael himself. \"Have all the other clans arrived?\" I questioned my eyes moving to each in turn, I was a Princess I was to hold myself as such. \"Yes, Naul was the last to arrive, he is already testing Gideon's patience. But we know you will do what is right for our race\" Ophir smiled his long dark hair tied back his face was nice, but held no real appeal for me. \"Well, I shall not keep them waiting as longer. Commander Gideon is very easily annoyed so seeing as Naul was to do so is no great feat,\" the door was only feet away voices could be heard, echoed, I took a deep breath closing my eyes as Keziah and Ophir opened the thick, large doors letting me enter first. \"My child, please come sit,\" my mother said her voice loving, her smile could bring sunshine into the darkest place. I moved forward as Naul stood from his high-backed chair his cold eyes on me. \"My princess, let me help you,\" he made a gesture towards my chair. \"I will do the honor of helping our Princess,\" Keziah snarled moved in-between Naul and I, Ophir pulled my chair out as I tucked the soft fabric under me taking my set. \"Thank you to all, I am sorry to be a hindrance in this council meeting,\" I smiled looking at each in turn, until my eyes fell on Gideon his eyes so cold but so warm held me, they always did. \"Now that Princess Shaylee is in attendance, we have little to report the forest on the banks of the Pollacapall Lough, we have seen Demon activity but something has killed them before we arrived.\" Small whispers broke out after Fin was silent. My mother looked deep in thought \"Thank you Fin, send three out to scout the area. Only advance to kill if it is a demon, anything other leave alone and report at the next meeting,\" I spoke, which I rarely did but all eyes looked at me. \"A wise plan, do as my daughter said. Now, Naul, what have you to say?\" but Naul looked at me before he spoke. \"My Queen, it has been silent. We have made sure no demon leaves us alive. The Holy fortress has also been built back to its former glory, for when Princess Shaylee comes,\" my eyes opened until I looked like I might go into shock \"Naul, enough we have spoken about this,\" mother said in a firm tone, he bowed looking away. I was grateful none questioned her, in honesty Gideon did but knew when to hold his tongue. \"But My Queen, who will she marry?\" another questioned \"Why is it important whom I marry? I am free to choose my husband, if I ever choose to marry,\" I snapped standing, my throne chair never hit the floor as Ophir held it in place. I didn't want to me like my grandmother and her's before her, my mother was free to choose and so will I. \"Our Queen must have a husband, it is said. Someone strong to protect her at all cost. She can only stay unmarried if he falls in battle,\" Fin said, I did forget that part. \"Be that as it may be, I will choose for myself. I write my own destiny, follow my own path to make our nation of Gargoyles the once great race that protected Earth from the Demon that have taken home here,\" my voice was soft, firm but raised enough to be heard. \"A wise new Queen we will have,\" Fin smiled slamming his glass down red wine spilled over as all but Naul copied him cheering for the Queen I want to be, but will never be able to live up to. I \"I am firm in my belief I should be the one at your side,\" Naul was up, I held back a retort that would land me in the way of my mother's rath. \"I will never marry you, you are the lowest among us. A cruel and sadistic Gargoyle, I am far beyond you,\" I stood now looking down on him as he snarled out \"I challenge for your hand, any of your choosing,\" loud roars filled the hall \"Ye should be killed, you have shamed your clan Naul. Speaking to our Princess in a manner,\" \"Naul, if this is what you choose on your head it be. Shaylee chose your champion if you accept,\" I closed my eyes, flashes filled the darkness the smell of cinnamon and chocolate came to mind. My eyes fluttered open seeing him his dark green eyes locked on mine, Naul was ready for battle, as I spoke. \"I accept Naul. My champion is, Commander Gideon of the Queens Guard,\" low rumbles rushed in my ears, I knew I heard Keziah try and hide her soft giggles before it was heard. He was the best and I could only have the very best, he was cruel but he had this other side some never see. \"I accept this honor.\" I turned considering a smirk but his eyes are the same ones that flash when I close mine. Ophir and Keziah move me back as Gideon moves, he kneels in front of me \"I Gideon Commander of the Queens guard, accept your wise choice, I will protect you always My Princess,\" \"I thank you Commander,\" even as he stood towering over me, I placed a light kiss to his cheek, something in his eyes changed but he turned away walking towards the large hall that has filled with many. My words expected. \"Mother, why must this take place?\" I questioned as we walked to the three thrones, mine smaller befitting me. \"He used a challenge as leverage, I believe he was under the impression you would forfeit rather than place any at risk.\" I sat my mind whirling, was I wrong to have accepted? \"Mother, was I wrong to been callus accepting Naul's challenge?\" I looked into her eyes \"No Shaylee, you are so much more than him,\" her finger tips were like silk over my face. Now we sit and watch this travesty… Naul is taller with more body mass, but Gideon is muscled, lean with years more on Naul. Gideon was armed with his axe carved with the symbol of Michael, as Naul had a long blade. \"I think Naul leader of the eastern clan should have ascended with the ill manner he had spoken to our Princess Shaylee, but she is all her wisdom chose a champion. Now we all bare witness,\" Jai said it echoed around the hall's, all eyes on the two men in the center. Naul was the first to attack with a swift but ineffective maneuver, Gideon moved with ease bringing his axe down, but it never touched Naul. Gideon, his fist slammed into Naul's thick jaw causing him to stumble back before falling to the floor. He wasn't down long as his body made a hard contact with Gideon's toned stomach. Not that I noticed when he trained or anything, but something about his fierce devotion was alluring. But he and I, never. Gideon slammed with great force into the wall, Naul jammed his knee into Gideon's ribs, I took a step forward but Ophir held me in place \"It will be a forfeit and Naul will be victor, use your head Princess\" Gideon watched this exchange, because my eyes fell into his as he looked at us. It happened so fast Gideon made a wide arch his axe made a gashing hole in Naul's throat, as pure blue light poured out as he ascended.[Chapter 3] Here is a Thanksgiving update, I am staring into my kitchen making sure none try and venture into it. So I own nothing but just get a kick out of writing, my beta try's her best her name is Monster panda check her out here on . So on to it, leave a review!Edited chapter. I wanted to explain, they are in human form much more than their Gargoyle form unless in battle or guarding. A piano playing in the earliest hours of the morning woke me from my dreams, I wasn't sure if I should be thankful or not. My bare feet touch the cold stone floor but it doesn't hinder me as I move from the warmth of my bed, only wrapping a silk flowing robe to cover my bed silks. Opening my door as silently as I could manage I moved through the candle lit corridors, the stain glass windows reflecting the glow from the lit candles. The stone corridor is stuffy and the air has an aroma of magnolia and are scraped in places from the hundreds of fallen Gargoyle sashes that have hung into the stone wall. The pictures on the walls are battle prints of uplifting scenes and above the double doors are large blades from our ancestors. I follow the music, it was as if the music was tied into my soul pulling me closer, an unseen force played from the ivory keys. It was still faint as I moved along seeing through the alcove, Gargoyles in their true form watching like glories' statues. Most are in slumber, but I see a faint glow under the grand hall; the melody was still soft but could be heard as clear as a summers day, it changes to hope, despair, back to hope; it came from the soul. I felt as if I was intruding hearing such emotions. But against my own judgement I pressed my hand against the cracked door, it made it easy to open as I peered inside. With its minstrel's gallery, winding staircase and stone-carved fireplace, the high arched ceiling the tapestries of our time and that of the ones that have come before us. The grand piano was to the very left of the massive staircase leading to the second floor, the piano had candles lit a top it, I think I was more shocked by the man playing than the music now, this was an intrusion. I was grasping the wooden door with great force, I was ready to back away when his head snapped up his dark eyes meeting mine, dark green to amethyst eyes. I have seen him kill, I have seen him in a rage as I was stuck by fear, he shoved the white and silver marble bench from under him, but the sound snapped me from my shock induced stupor as I turned on my heel. I run for my room, my long hair trailing like a veil behind me as I turned right, the hall is cold my fingers running over the smooth cold stones. I chanced a look over my shoulder, he was faster by far his strides long, by the look on his face he wasn't happy with me, a face I have seen often. It only pushed me to go faster, I ran through my chamber door only feeling safe knowing he wouldn't dare enter. But now sleep wasn't in my grasp, restlessly I sit in my alcove, the rain pouring down in sheets, a book resting in my lap. I wanted to leave this place just for a day, so I stood heading to the wardrobe for attire. I stop in front of the large vanity mirror, brushing through my hair, braiding strands back before placing my amethyst moonstone circlet upon my head, dark silvery grey slippers on my feet as now I choose myself something to adorn my body. I wore a two toned silver form fitting gown, a nice dark silvery grey adorned with another more shimmering silver color, it draped down my arms, cascading around my feet. \"I approve daughter,\" my mother stood behind me a smile graced her face \"Mother, I want to go in your stead. I can't learn how to be a good Queen if you keep me sheltered in this Holy place. I ask of you let me go, it is only a meeting on the banks of Dangarnon.\" I looked into her crystal blue eyes, she was thinking about it. \"I would of course take my guard, never alone.\" I pleaded with her, if she truly wanted me to rule our nation one day, she would heed this and allow me experience something new. \"I grant it this once, I am curious how you will do,\" I hugged her tightly, emotions coursed through me \"Thank you mother,\" She left me to get Ophir and Keziah, this would be an adventure. Swiftly I pulled on my most favorite cloak, black with silver velvet on the inside, my hood falling down my back until we started our journey. My seraph blade resting at my side, a gift from Gideon when I stopped ageing. \"Come Princess, we leave now,\" Lady Keziah smiled \"I am very thrilled,\" I chatted as we walked to the tower where my mother was waiting. But angry voices hit us as Ophir came from the single door \"Gideon is in a foul mood,\" he ushered us, but my mind played the melody with his angry face, the sound of my door shutting. \"For any particular reason?\" Keziah asked her tone serous, no one liked Gideon when he was in a foul mood. \"Aye, in his words. Our Princess shall not be going, we never know what will befall her in Dangarnon, it has a very dense demon population.\" I hurried up the spiraling staircase marching through the door seeing Gideon, Luka, Harlow, and my mother in the mists of an intense conversation. \"I am ready to leave mother,\" my soft amethyst eyes pleading with her. \"Then be off, but be safe. Demons are everywhere, may Michael guide you on this journey my daughter,\" her words are full of pain, maybe my father was also in her thoughts. \"Queen Lenore, her father died there and you send her!\" \"Commander, you have no say in matters like this. I am going, I will attend the meeting and do what is right, you shall try to do what is right as well,\" I jumped off the tower rather than hear his retort, I transformed as flew through the sky; my form was made of pure amethyst, the same color as my eyes. My mother's form was white marble; it was a glorious sight to behold. It was splendid flying until the sun reached high noon, Dangarnon was a little scary. The castle was magnificent but it is as if the deadliest of us kill demons on this land. My feet hit the ground, I was human again a brilliant smile rested upon my face. \"Princess, now understand don't move from us. Demons are trying to take over here. We are here with their plea for help, this was your fathers castle before he wed Queen Lenore.\" Sir Ophir told me as I felt a jolt, this was his home. We started walking up the stone steps. \"Where is Queen Lenore?\" a very intimidating voice chimed, his voice matched his physical appearance. \"I am Princess Shaylee; I am here on behalf of my mother Queen Lenore. I suggest you usher us indoors; we have urgent matters to discuss.\" I mimicked my mother's tone of voice. \"Yes, it is our pleasure Princess. We have food and drink ready after your long journey,\" I could imagine father as a youngling here playing, learning the ways of our kind. \"We called for help, the Dark Prince wants this land, we have lost so many to his forces. We ask for more man power to fight off his forces,\" Mikyle, he was lean but you could see his battle scars and his eyes held wisdom that should be beyond him. I watched him closely, judging his body language and how he worded his needs and situation. \"Your father used to do the very same thing, the way you look lost in thought isn't true. You're seeing if I am worth more,\" he smiled, my face stayed firm but I wanted to smile. \"Aye, Ophir and Keziah send word back to Queen Lenore we need more forces here. We can't let him take this holy land, the history here alone is worth saving,\" I ordered as they both stood. \"Thank you Princess,\" I, with four others, walked my companions to the gates, I would stay until forces arrived. \"No later than night fall Princess, we will bring 100 strong ones with us,\" Ophir bowed low. \"Thank you, fly with haste,\" A loud sound hit the west wall \"Go now, hurry friends. If I leave they will know I am here, go with haste to my mother, bring more back,\" I was scared but they couldn't disobey me, they flew off, it didn't seem as if they were being followed. \"Hide the Princess,\" Mikyle yelled but it was too late \"I will fight, push them back into the forest, don't let them enter this castle, have your clan split up come at them from every angle,\" I commanded taking flight, the color of my form would give notice of who I really was, I landed on the ledge of the wall. \"You have one chance to leave this Holy place,\" I called down as all stopped their red eyes on me, this was the very first time I have seen a demon, the horns, snarling with sharp teeth bared. \"A rare sight Princess Shaylee, take her she will be a nice prize,\" a burly thing roared, this wasn't what I wanted to learn, I just wanted to see the world. \"You will have to kill all Gargoyle's before Princess Shaylee will be taken you filth, with the Arch Angel Michael as our witness,\" Mikyle gave aloud war like cry, as we started herding the demons into the thinning forest to the Northwest, pushing them against the banks of the river, the white water roaring as battle's are everywhere, no matter where I turn it is there. There was now no way out for me, I had to fight there was no choice none shall perish while I hide, I remove my black cape as it hit the floor four Gargoyles took defense around me, I removed my Seraph blade it glowed a faint blue around demons. \"Leave none alive,\" I yelled my voice carried like another melody as my blade slashed into the dark flesh of the demon who had a fellow Gargoyle. \"Aye, thank you Princess, but we shall protect you,\" she smiled \"Aye, but I shall protect our people,\" I retorted we are outnumbered but we fight. I prayed to Michael. My blade killed many, but a horrific burning sensation ran down my left arm, faint blue light oozed from the wound, but I forged on the blade cutting deep into his neck until his head rolled into the rushing river. I stumbled never having felt pain such as this \"Is their little Princess hurt, oh no,\" he cackled a long axe in hand, my blade ready. Many have ascended but we fought with all the straight Michael granted us \"Come demon, if you think you can take me,\" I taunted something Ophir had gave me lessons on while mother was away. His axe came down with more force than my blade could take, it was made for a child which I wasn't anymore. I never asked for another when I aged, now my gift was broken and I defenseless. \"I will make this very easy little one, come with us and the slaughter of Gargoyles here will stop,\" he transformed into his human self, trying to charm me. But with three others surrounding me, I had no choice. I held the broken blade as my arm oozed dripping to the floor, more than ever surrounded me. \"I rather die,\" \"Your wish is our command Princess,\" but no sooner had the words he spoke came from his mouth a stick was protruding from his chest, his lifeless body dropped to the floor. Behind him was Adam. \"Take this,\" another small dagger flew, reaching out catching the hilt as he started taking on demons, all who crossed him. I slashed hard into one before clawing his chest seeing him fall before moving on, but I was always out numbered. \"Princess, run to safety,\" Adam said he was deeper into the forest \"I will not leave my people Adam, I wouldn't leave you to die for me,\" I called out as he killed another, Gargoyles fighting alongside him. My arm was making everything dim, as I fell edge of the river a demon trying with her all to stick her blade in me. She was lifted by the hair than flung back through the air \"KILL THEM ALL, LET NONE ESCAPE OUR RAGE,\" I knew that voice. \"Princess, stay awake,'' now it was Keziah, her and Ophir made a defense position around me as I struggled to my feet taking the extra blade Keziah carried on her person. Fin, Gideon so many entered the battle \"You did well Princess, you held the castle,\" Ophir whispered in his hands are what seems like silver double sided axe blades, that slide into a staff like Gideon's. \"You should have fled to the castle,\" Keziah snapped \"Nye, Keziah. I will not abandon our people to hide,\" I slashed only able to use one hand. Gideon was fighting when a smaller female came from the shadows a silver fighting stick in her hand, the end was like a blade, without thought I launched myself at her, her eyes wide as my blade was sticking from her stomach. Her body went up in flames \"Never put your life before mine, I can't lose—\" his voice faltered he snatched me up cradling my small body. \"You're hurt,\" I could hear him whispering. The fight was done, the demons retreated with ¾ of their numbers decimated \"Fin, make sure they have enough men. I must get our Princess to safety, she wouldn't leave her people, she fought bravely,\" Gideon called as Ophir and Keziah stood at his side. The cold air sent pins and needles across my pale skin \"She is shivering,\" Keziah snapped I knew her fiery attitude when I heard it, I smelled Gideon all around me as he wrapped his cloak around me, I was still in his arms as we flew home. I closed my eyes for a while. I woke in my bed with my wound healed; just a faint scar running the length of my arm, I was in my night gown, I moved my sore and aching muscles slowly to minimize the pain. I strode from my chamber's back to the grand room, I looked around seeing none so I moved further into the room sitting on the bench. At first I just looked at the piano, then I tried, with failure, to play. I could play the Harp and violin, but this wasn't music it was something dying. I tried again, I covered my own ears at this new sound. My head snapped up seeing dark green eyes watching me from the stairs, he had been here the whole time hearing this horrid music. \"Commander Gideon, why are you in here at this late hour?\" I tried as he stood crossing to the piano in four long strides. \"I could ask the same of you Princess. Or I could ask why you were wondering around the Castle, then ran from me,\" I stood as if to leave when his hands wrapped around my upper arms, his eye looking into mine, as if they would give him answers. \"Commander, I wasn't wondering around. The music woke me; it was so beautiful I felt like it was coming from my own heart. Then you saw me, you looked to be in an ill mood, I thought it best I leave,\" I justified my actions his hands loosened but didn't let go. \"I am sorry for my temper Princess; no one has ever heard me play other than Queen Lenore. When you rested in her womb, I would play for her at all hours to calm you, so she could slumber.\" I felt the heat of my own blush as he told me this story. He let my arms go only to grasp my slender hand in his, it was hard but the way he held my hand was gentle, he guided me to the bench \"Please sit,\" I complied he took the available space next to me. His fingers moved swiftly over the keys of ivory, making the most soothing music \"Teach me,\" I spoke on impulse as I looked up at him \"For you, anything,\" he placed his fingers over mine, they were so large, when he pressed so did I. \"I will teach you more, but for now this is enough,\" his breath hot on my neck his body so close, something made me stop when we are touching I felt it, like warmth but it moved up my arms, we didn't maintain contact when we weren't, I didn't feel it but when his fingers pushed mine it was there, a warm life of its own. \"I feel cold now,\" I told myself \"Here take my cloak,\" as soon as his hands touched me wrapping his cloak around me the warmth was back, his smell filling me. \"I find this most peculiar, I shall have words with Keziah she shall know,\" I said out loud when it was a mere thought. Gideon was watching me. His head was shaved just faint brown hair visible to me. \"Princess are you well?\" he looked perplexed at me \"Sorry Commander, a thought turned into words,\" I smiled at him. \"I see, what do you need to discuss with Lady Keziah? I am here, I am here for you,\" his voice soft, this wasn't a side I saw; was this where the music came from? I stood backing away a little, it was colder. \"An odd feeling, I am still cold its bearable but noticeable. But when I felt your touch it was like warmth was spreading up my arms, then we moved apart then it was gone,\" his eyes wide, but no anger, but what would he be angry about? \"I am going to retire, thank you for teaching me Commander Gideon. I look forward to another lesson,\" I smiled one last time before walking from the hall to my chambers. But the flash of his face before the doors closed his face was set in triumph, as if he was able to acquire a rare gem. Thanks for reading please leave a review, this isn't a huge fandom but I like it. On Polyvore under Noellamonster you will find any of fanfictions outfit's Shaylee's as well. Please go check it out, it also has her name and chapter number.[Chapter 4] I own nothing concerning I'Frankenstein, only Shaylee and a certain plot. No money is being made from this story . Thank you for reading and please review… Edited edition. Time flows like a river, time has no true essence, years feel like days to us. Even as we watch, our lives continue no younglings have been born in some time. We walk this Earth as humans when our true forms are that of massive Gargoyle's, each one of us different, as some look older and one's like myself look very young. Ophir was getting ready for the guest due to arrive; I was sitting in the Garden reading a newspaper. I was always rather impressed with this invention, and candies I really liked those. A tragic day in 1912, the Titanic has sunk. Dead so many dead, this was no mere accident. \"You become so sad after reading that infernal thing, why do you continue?\" Keziah smiled taking a seat next to me. The air swirled around us making the air sweeter with Jasmine, moonlace, rose, and Lavender, it was soothing to just relax here. I give her a look \"I like to read, like to hear about the humans. Was this truly an accident?\" I handed her the front page, the Sinking of the unsinkable Titanic \"Nye, it was demons. Fin tried to reach the boat before but they live far, they dove into the ice chilled water's trying to save as many as they could. If it wasn't for Fin and his clan more human lives would have been lost. Queen Lenore is in distress with the news it has sunk, the Dark Prince was there. I hear you rather not make an appearance tonight Shaylee, your mother is having this Ball for you, every male Gargoyle leader who's not tied to another will be there to see you,\" but her voice even didn't sound very happy with this idea. The ball was tonight, I knew it was planned so I would look for a mate, I was supposed to be wed soon. My mother was placed in this very same spot when her own parents gave her the right to choose, she had a ball and found my father. As a Princess I was very grateful this choice was left to me, I wouldn't be forced to wed one I did not love. As he day's passed Commander Gideon seemed in a right foul mood's, as the ball became closer his temper was shorter. \"I don't know how a ball will help me choose a husband. What if someone already has my heart?\" my eyes boring into hers, they are warm brown, she is my best friend, right hand, she was in every memory I held. I didn't feel my mother would fully understand that in fact I liked another, she was so thrilled about this ball it would cause her pain if I was to refuse it. \"Princess Shaylee, does some man hold your heart? Is it Ophir?\" I took note her voice broke on his name, her eyes turned sad at the thought \"Nye not Ophir, but yes someone does, I will keep his name secret for the time being,\" I smiled a little. \"Oh thank Michael, I was worried it was Ophir,\" I had saw them snogging in an alcove three days prior. I turned my head at her, her long hair tied back from her face \"Isn't Ophir the one who carries your heart, Keziah\" I say with a smirk on my face as she grumbles. \"Yes, he always has Princess. Come on we will train for a little,\" she smiled pulling me up from the grass. My long pale pink gown hitting the floor, it showed my arms and shoulders, it was a bright sunny day. The weather was all we could ask for, bringing the smell's from the garden closer to our nose's. I held my blade at the ready, she was a mere four feet away \"I suggest if you are going to train our Princess, do it right.\" Gideon's deep voice chimed it was full of tenseness, as if his body was just a tense wire ready to snap. The smell of Chocolate and spices filled my sense's as he came closer, Keziah held her ground against his anger. A bitter tasted filled the air as his anger grew, I felt the need to move away from him, his body radiated the aura of fear \"I believe her mother, our Queen, saw fit to put her care in our hands, Commander Gideon. You have the job of being the leader of all our forces along with being the head guard of Queen Lenore.\" Ophir said as he walked into the Garden joining the fray. \"With that being said Ophir, you are not doing your job with Princess Shaylee. Her training is decent but she deserves more. After your music lesson, I will also commence a small but efficient defense lesson Princess,\" he never waited for a retort his back was all we saw, I hated seeing him in such a mood. He was sweet and caring when we were alone during our lessons, I watch him stalking away \"A right foul mood, today has been the worse. We have many coming for him to be in such a mood, none rank higher than Gideon but still Keziah this won't do, maybe I shall go converse with Queen Lenore,\" I turned at this Keziah and Ophir stand close as he speaks. Her body leaned more into his but keeping her distance but not too much. \"No Ophir, I will have words with Gideon mother has so much on her mind.\" My blade was sheathed before I walked away \"Not long Shaylee, we must get you dressed,\" but I heard her tone it was amused. \"I will arrive back in my chambers soon Keziah, if you're not present I shall look for you and Ophir in a lone alcove perhaps.\" Ophir's laugh was full of mirth, Keziah just looked at me in horror that I knew this detail. I left my friends and protectors in search of Gideon, I must know why he was in such an ill temper as of late. The halls are filled with Gargoyles getting ready for the Ball, I looked everywhere for him but he alluded me. So I make my way back to my own chambers, this Ball was not something I was anticipating. \"Lady Helena if you see Commander Gideon, please alert him I was seeking his consul on a pressing matter,\" she was stunning, her plump lips with grey stormy eyes, she was tall and slender; a warrior. \"Yes, Princess Shaylee, I was heading to his chambers in this very moment. I will give him your words,\" she bowed a flare of rage overtook me, but I just smiled but I wanted to hurt her. \"Thank you,\" even as I walked with all the grace I possessed, I was angry, angry because I knew he had my heart as he gave her his. I calmed once I entered my chambers seeing Keziah and Kylie waiting for me my gown hanging, it was a vibrant purple. \"Come girl you aren't going to be ready if we don't start,' \"I care not, I don't even wish to attend this Ball.\" But still I sit looking into the oval mirror. My eyes are my best feature; I am plain; the only reason a Male would want me is the fact I am Princess Shaylee. But I let them help with my hair pulling it by strands before placing it in a stunning cascade some held up before cascading in curls down my back, a circlet was placed on my head it has matching purple jewels and flowers. I wore the same amethyst ring and crystal stone, it hung listlessly and settled against my chest between my collarbones. They slipped my slippers onto my feet, I still was not allowed to dress myself. \"I am going to get ready my lady,\" Keziah bowed before walking out \"Kylie please ready yourself, you will attend with me.\" \"Are you sure Princess?\" she looked shocked her eyes boring into mine \"Yes please hurry, if need be take one of my gowns. She rushed off all I could do was sit and wait, Keziah, and Kylie would walk me to the ball. This ball was a blatant attempt to marry me to an official, not that I would mind the companionship, it's just I only wanted it from him. \"Am I befitting to walk alongside you Princess?\" her voice was timid. \"You look like a star in the night sky, Kylie,\" she looked faint hearing me give her a compliment, it was true she was stunning in the silver gown. \"Thank you, it is an honor,\" \"It is time for us to start to the grand hall, you will be the very last to arrive,\" Keziah chimed in her gown was a dark blue color it suited her; she escorted me from my chambers with Kylie walking next to me. \"Be on your best behavior Shaylee,\" Keziah says in a lone tone as we are at the doors Ophir was waiting a smile graced his face \"I always am,\" I snapped out. \"Kylie and Keziah please enter, I am to introduce Princess Shaylee,\" Ophir announced as we reached the large Oak doors of the grand hall. It was grand with the silver and marron tapestries hung against the walls, guest filled the grand hall. I watched them enter, the doors held open as all eyes turned to us. My mother was in mid conversation with Fin, Hagar, and Gideon as Ophir spoke in a loud tone of voice \"May I introduce Princess Shaylee,\" I disliked this very much; all eyes turned to me before a loud thunderous applause over took the room. The room was filled with the smell of foreign spices, chicken, musk, the hints of vanilla and chocolate filled the hair as I moved closer. \"Thank you all for coming to the ball, I know you've all come from all ends of the globe to attend,\" I was as polite as I could be. I stood with a drink in hand with Kylie also with drink; her eyes moving with the dancers. \"You look radiant Princess Shaylee; I am Draco from the north lands. I am new to the position, but thank Michael I am still young enough to attend this glamorous ball and seek your hand,\" he was forthcoming he was young looking, dark red hair and green eyes, a good build as well. \"Thank you Draco, it seems many here came solely for my hand in marriage.\" Smiling the whole time \"Of course, you are a rare treasure. I would care to know you better, your likes and dislikes. How I could woo you,\" \"Ahh therein lies the problem, I shouldn't have to tell you how. If a man wants to marry me he better find out on his own.\" I mustered all my will power not to hit him. There are many things I have yet to know about the one who holds my heart, too timid to ask as I grew. \"Aye, lass,\" he smiled before walking away but later in the night I watched him talking to Keziah and Ophir, gaining information. \"You seem in an ill mood, shall I get Queen Lenore she is talking with Carlos and Hager at the moment,\" Kylie whispered. \"No, but thank you. All this upsets me pushing them upon me, none of them would love me, maybe they could grow to love me or the very idea of marrying me,\" I say my voice sounded far off. \"Any Gargoyle would be lucky to have you, you're smart, brave, you always do what is right for humans and our race of Gargoyles. You're so beautiful,\" she touched my shoulder as she spoke. I smiled at her \"May I have this dance Princess Shaylee?\" it was Gideon \"Of course Commander,\" handing Kylie my flute glass we strode off my hand in his. His body was welcoming, when it was us together in this little bubble his body was caring the way held me was gentle. I adored the cinnamon, chocolate musk like scent he had, it was….home. The warmth was spreading over me as his hand was braced on my hip, his other was tangled with mine as we swayed to the melody coming from the piano and harp as the music they made intertwined together. \"You look like an angel my Princess. I have watched you turn many a man away tonight. Have none caught your attention?\" his voice deep but low so not to be heard. \"Thank you Commander, you look very dashing tonight. They only care about my title not me, but mother have seen this factor.\" I answered him keeping my tone light. \"I am glad you approve of my appearance, Helena alerted me you were looking for my company earlier in the day. How may I help you?\" was this the place to speak of this? \"Yes Helena alerted me she was heading to your chambers; I was seeking your counsel. I wanted to know why you have been in such an ill temperament as of late?\" I asked him in the same light tone, when I knew I was jealous of the older more pleasant to look at Gargoyle. \"I have just been in a foul mood, this ball pushed me over the edge. I am sorry to have caused you any distress Princess.\" He didn't look at me when he spoke, his eyes far off. \"My child please come, I need to have words with you,\" she smiled taking my hand, it took a little but I let go of Gideon a small smile graced my face as I gave him a bow of my head. \"Yes Mother?\" \"Are you enjoying the ball, have you found a suitable partner?\" I knew she cared she thought this was the best choice for me. \"I have,\" it was the truth her smile was radiant she turned facing the large crowed \"My daughter Princess Shaylee has found a life partner, Michael has blessed us. I will correspond with the man soon, you all may stay and enjoy the rest of the ball,\" I winced when Gideon smashed his glass against the far wall, he left the ball. Every male looked pleased thinking it was themselves I had chosen \"I am retiring for the evening, mother,\" I hurried from the hall, Keziah had to hold off a few but I was now walking the stone halls. \"Oh, this is very displeasing. I rather go live amongst the humans,\" I vented as my feet hit the floor, I wasn't watching as I knew the way to my chambers by heart. \"So you have found someone?\" his deep voice made me stop \"No, but for now it was enough to hold my mother at bay. I am unsure of how to proceed from here, but I must do what's right and marry. I just don't know who,\" I looked at him in the dim candle light. \"After everyone leaves and everyone is in slumber come to me in the grand hall,\" he vanished out the alcove window, I watched as he soared in the night sky. I had to change before my lesson so I continued to my chambers a small smile on my face.[Chapter 5] Sorry, this is just an edited chapter. I own nothing about I' Frankenstein, so no money has been made from these stories. Please review! Edited. I was tired now, but I waited for Keziah to leave my chambers to slumber. The ball was finally over and most are in slumber some walk the halls in their true form. I was now worried I was to announce my future husband at the next council meeting in five days' time, I was wrong mother wasn't going to give me time to come up with a suitor. But for now I waited in my chambers, soon I would leave for the grand hall for my music lesson with Commander Gideon. My pale periwinkle blue gown flowed in waves as I walked to the large oak doors, with a single glace I knew it was safe to leave. The halls are silent, the night air washes over me as I walk to the grand hall, to him. Even as I walked in the only light coming from the lit candles, some sitting on the pure white grand piano where Gideon was sitting waiting for me. His features dark but a slight softness overcame his handsome face when his eyes fell on my slight figure. Even as I walked forward towards his tall muscular frame, his eyes didn't leave me for a second. I smile as he stands from the bench \"My Princess, please sit. Let us start we only have a short amount of time; I would also like to teach you some fighting skills. Your wellbeing is always a high priority,\" his voice was hypnotic so deep and lethal not to even mention alluring in ways I wasn't familiar with as of yet. I move my gown under me as I sit, crossing my ankles under the piano as he takes his normal seat next to me, my fingers touched the ivory keys letting out a beautiful melody. I have worked so very hard in every lesson, I rather Commander Gideon not think I was incapable of playing. His smile only encouraged me to keep going to the next sheet, this time a song was bursting from the piano, my fingers moving swiftly over the keys as he closed his eyes just listening. \"I have no more to teach you about music, my Princess. You have exceeded in these lessons. Please stand,\" I knew maybe an hour had passed, with no hesitation I stood in front of him. \"I know Keziah and Ophir have done an excellent job with their teachings, but I would also like to help. I want you to take this very seriously as you have done with your music lessons, is this what you wear while you train?\" his voice was calculating as he circled me his eyes narrowed. \"Yes, Commander Gideon this is my attire while I train. You must battle in what you would normally be accustom to wearing, I always wear royal gowns as my mother does, we don't dress as the warriors do, but we train like them. I will of course take this with the same demeanor as I take any one of my many lessons.\" My gentle voice filled the empty room. \"You're correct my Princess; this will be suitable for you to wear. I have a gift for you,\" he presented me with a light purple box, I smiled as I grasped it opening it rather fast. Inside was a new sword a most stunning one at that, I gazed up at him. \"I had it made for you, Shaylee. It will suit you better than the one I had gotten you, I should have given it sooner but I rather not have my Princess in battle. But I see it is bound to happen with or without me wanting it, use it well,\" a faint redness colored his cheeks as I ran at him. My arms flung around his thick waist, I tried to put so many of my raw emotions into that single hug, hoping he understood how much this gift has meant to me. \"I love it, thank you so very much Commander. I will treasure it, as I had my other,\" I moved away, feeling warm. \"Now let us begin,\" his blades are out, I was thankful he hasn't turned them into his feared Axe, it caused so much death to the demons, we even feared it. We began, it was light at first than it turned serious as he was trying to make sure I was able to defend myself against a demon hoard. But he with realization hit me too hard, my smaller body flew into the marble pillar, I saw blackness. My eyes started to flutter open seeing Commander Gideon his head was resting in his hands, as I made to sit up when I took stock of my surroundings. I wasn't in the grand hall nor was I in my chambers, this was a smaller room. The blue and silver drapes, the same surrounded the four poster bed are closed, all but enough for me to see Commander Gideon a desk behind him, weapons as well. I knew I was now resting in his chambers, his smell covered everything as I felt so warm, and, well I couldn't place the emotion I was feeling. Why Was I even in his chambers, wasn't my own, or he infirmary much more accommodating? \"Where am I?\" even though I knew, it was polite to ask him as well. His dark green eyes found mine, his face was one of worry, and pain. \"I took you to my chambers Princess, I shouldn't have pressed you so hard on your first lesson. I am so sorry Shaylee, I would never hurt you, never, you must understand. When you fell unconscious my heart stopped beating, you looked like death had taken you, only after I felt your heart still beating did I take you first to Maidan Rosa where she healed your wound, I brought you here to make sure you healed well,\" I could read his emotions, fear, worry, sadness but there was happiness and hope in there as well. \"Thank you Gideon, I don't blame you at all, I was going to get hurt while training. It is just a part of the learning process,\" I set my hand on his feeling heat pouring into me as our eyes locked. He gave me a withering look, \"You are far too forgiving, I don't deserve it,\" but I knew he did as I moved from his bed, my mind racing with thoughts of him in this very bed, how he would look as he was in a deep slumber, his face soft, relaxed as he dreamed. What were his dreams? I stumbled but his arms wrapped around me, our bodies so very close, his face was leaning closer as was mine, it seemed as if we are about to kiss, my heart skipping a beat. But as we are about to a loud knock on his oak door made us turn and look, but we didn't move away from each other. \"I will need to answer that,\" he sighed picking me up \"Stay silent,\" he set me in his bed pulling the curtains closed, concealing me. All I could hear was his heavy footsteps, then the slight noise his door made as he opened it \"Commander Gideon, Queen Lenore needs you as soon as possible,' it was Gale. \"I am on my way,\" he shut the door a minute later, a second later the curtains opened as he helped me stand \"We need to get you to your chambers without anyone seeing you, it is four in the morning. I don't want anyone thinking I have tarnished you before you wed,\" his voice was now serious, made sure I wasn't seen, he saw me safely to my own chambers. \"Thank you Commander,\" I smiled up at him \"It was my pleasure my Princess, I must go your mother needs me. Sleep well,\" his fingertips brushing my cheek as he leaned down placing a small kiss to my forehead before he turned on his heel and walked away, his pace told me he was in a rush. I turn and enter my chambers, I fall asleep thinking about Gideon. It has been days since Gideon and I nearly kissed, I was dressing I was to attend the council meeting my mother was conducting. A sheer sleeved gown with a sheer overlay wrap style bust with sequins, bead and fabric detail. Shoulders are gathered and fall into pointed edges the gown also has ruched empire waist it is a steel blue with matching flat shoes. My silver moonstone crown in place as I walk from my chambers steeling my nerves. The halls seemed colder \"Princess, I am to escort you,\" Keziah says as we walk together \"Ophir is waiting for us, are you ready to give a name to your mother?\" she questioned me. \"I am not, but I will give it to her none the less. I must marry, it is my duty, so I will but on my terms. Come,\" the door was right in front of us she gave one single knock, Ophir and Gale opened it with small smiles. \"Thank you for coming my child,\" mother kissed my cheek as she helped me into my seat, I look over all the faces, so many are in attendance, Commander Gideon is also here. \"It is my pleasure, mother. Thank you all for having me, let us get to the heart of the matter for my presence being requested,\" I smile but I am shaking, my hands are shaking like small fragile leafs under the stone table. \"You are always welcome here, you normally come and give wise advice,\" Draco smiled at me. All agreed, but I knew today was the day, I was to choose my future husband. \"Shaylee my child, tell us the name of your future husband.\" My mother, Queen Lenore said her voice was gentle, full of love as her blue eyes bored into mine, I gazed back before closing my eyes facing the large table, I was on my feet. \"I was waiting to make this decision. But I know Michael has put him in my path for a reason, it was fate. I Princess Shaylee have chosen a strong man; I could list all that I see in him but we don't have time. I chose,\" I took a breath as I look at Keziah who gives me a nod, Ophir was waiting his brow turned down in worry, my mother was on pins and needles waiting for my answer, the other leaders all smiling thinking it was them or their kin. \"I chose Commander Gideon of the Queens Guard,\" the room falls silent, so I turn before anyone comes to their senses, I vanish to the alcove in the northwest tower, no one comes here.[Chapter 6] Here is another chapter for my I 'Frankenstein fic, I really love it and hope you do as well. I am posting a Twilight story after this, go give it a look through. So I own nothing, no money is being made so can you drop a review? Thank you for reading…Edited. Night has fallen, stars lighting up the dark skies. I was making my way to my personal chambers, many Gargoyles smiled at me bowing low, some gave me congratulations. \"I think you have made a marvelous choice, may the Archangel Michael bless you,\" Gale bowed before making his exit. I must hurry, it will be supper time and I must be there as I always am, Kylie waits for me in my chambers with Keziah. \"You have kept us waiting Princess Shaylee. Here we sit, wanting to hear your surprise announcement of your future husband, we are shocked you handpicked Commander Gideon of all the men.\" Keziah was on her feet looking at me in a curious way, her eyes boring into mine, but she smirked her eyes bright. Kylie was smiling \"He is the best fighter, he will be a loyal husband and friend. He is brilliant, well versed in all areas such as the arts, history, he speaks multiple languages, and music. He can be very gentle, a very caring man Keziah. He has been giving me piano lessons every night, he tried to teach me some defensive moves, I was knocked unconscious. But he was so worried for me,\" I didn't say more on the subject Keziah understood it was him who carried my heart, Kylie understood the way she watched us dance at the Ball gave me the inclination she understood it very well. \"Then I wish you happiness, Shaylee. You deserve it, but Ophir and I will be having words with the dear Commander,\" Keziah smiled as Kylie helped me dress for dinner, a flowing satin cream and pale green dress with matching cream shoes a simple change of clothes and we exited my chambers for the grand hall. Where all eyes would be on me, I held my head high as if the stares didn't unnerve me. \"Ready yourself,\" Keziah whispered to my right as they opened the heavy wooden doors, my eyes fell on the filled room, my mother's radiant smile was the single thing I noticed, she approved. I avoid Commander Gideon, his stare was burning a hole into me, I smile taking my seat with Kylie down seven seats from me as Keziah and Ophir are together next to me, Mother and Gideon to my right. The food was most excellent tonight, the chicken was seasoned to perfection \"Our dear Commander has hardly taken his eyes from you Princess,\" Keziah whispered as Ophir coughed it wasn't a natural one at that. \"Aye, I have noticed and tried with haste to avoid eye contact. Maybe he is unhappy with my choice, he could have Helena,\" my voice turned sad my eyes down cast as she gripped my chin \"No, you don't get to think in such a way. I figured he fancied you for some time, the mere way he watched you, never wanted you in harm's way. The brutal way he killed demons when we rescued you, years back. So Helena is stunning, but you are radiant like the stars, you can't think such negative thought Princess,\" her voice low as we talked. My mother was in a small discussion with Gideon and two others, I was filled and tired \"Mother, we can have words in the morning, I am very tired it has been an eventful day,\" I stand causing them all to stand in turn as mother stands last. \"It has, you have made such a wise choice, one I know will bring the blessing of Michael down on us. I am so very proud of you Shaylee, as is your father as he looks down upon us. Sleep my child, we have time another day for words,\" her gentle hands on my face, the love rolled off her in waves, they crashed into me. \"Thank you, Mother,\" but I didn't do it for the reasons most thought, I was in love, that was the emotion, I was in love with Gideon. I felt better when the doors closed behind me, my feet carrying me to my chambers, I was indeed tired but I stop to gaze out the window, the stars shine so bright the night seems to stand still as the town slumbers, some men walk the streets having had too much to drink. \"You chose me?\" his deep voice washed over me, I do not turn to him, can't bear to look into his eyes, I was forcing him into this. \"Yes, I chose you Commander Gideon,\" my voice low as my eyes rake over the small details of the stone streets, the harbor in the distant view the large Ocean beyond that. He says \"A wise choice,' his smell filling me, warm chocolate and cinnamon. \"I have heard this, many times. But I did not make this choice because it is wise, or that you are entitled to guard the new Queen. I had my own reasons,\" I stride off towards my chambers with him right behind me. His hand is braced on my door refusing me the safe shelter of my private chambers \"Why then Princess, why was I chosen?\" his breath was like a fire hitting my neck, he was too close. I didn't answer, I could hear his low growl escape at my sheer refusal to answer him, he spun me, the heat in his eyes came out of his skin making his hands feel as if they were run under boiling water as he held my arms \"Do you care for me? Tell me my Princess, I am yours now,\" \"I feel distressed to have forced you into a marriage you didn't want, when there are so many other female Gargoyles that strive for your attention, I robbed you of your future.\" Avoiding his burning question as best I could, but my words caught him off guard as he stumbled back looking at me as if I had grown a second hideous head. \"I can decline your offer; I don't want another; Princess. I want you, you're my sun and moon, my northern star the one that shines the brightest.\" His words are cut off by Gale \"You are needed Commander Gideon, Queen Lenore needs you at once an urgent matter in Ireland sir,\" he looked and sounded nervous. \"I am coming, please leave us for a moment,\" Commander Gideon's voice was calm now \"Yes, Sir,\" he vanished the candles going out in his wake making the lighting dim further. \"I must be going, be safe while I am gone my Princess. We will continue this conversation upon my return, sleep well,\" before I understood his intentions his hands cupped my small face, making me look into his cold dark green eyes as his lips pressed to mine, warm to the touch. It was lingering, it was something I never felt before, the passion in a single kiss from him. He pulled away with a smile, then he was gone, I stood watching him with my hand gently touching my lower lip, I wanted another. I changed and lay down, thinking about the small kiss over and over until the blackness washed over me. Please review….[Chapter 7] Hello, thank you for reading and for any reviews I have gotten. I don't own I Frankenstein so no money has been made. \"Your mother, Queen Lenore, requests your company Princess. Ophir and I are going on a mission to help our Commander in the far lands.\" Her voice like a well-played melody, I stand in my shimmering silver gown. \"Be safe, Keziah,\" I say embracing her, my eyes conveyed my worry for it had been two months' time since we have seen Commander Gideon and the legion, his best most skilled fighters. I have seen the reports it was a massive battle, they secured the fortress days ago. He took killing demons as skill, one which he was the very best at. Once Ophir explained in one of my lessons, that each clan of Gargoyles acted different, some more \"Any words for your future husband?\" her brow raised \"No,\" it was simple as we strode from my chambers the last rays of sunlight hitting the stained-glass windows. The halls having the same effect, the shimmering sunlight hitting the shrouds of the fallen Gargoyles, brave and fearless they were. \"Come Keziah, we must depart,\" Ophir was still a fierce warrior, but around Keziah and I he was softer somehow. \"Be safe,\" \"We will Princess, you be safe as well,\" placing a small kiss to my forehead my eyes followed them as they departed. I make my way to her private council room, it was not but three doors down from the vast library where I loved to spend my days emerged in different worlds. I knocked on the wooden door once \"Come in my child,\" her voice came through the door, my hand braced against the door as I entered her private room it was warm, a painting of my father, her and myself hung behind her. Scattered in front of her are fabrics, parchment and such. I internally screamed but a smile graced my face as I sat opposite her. \"I am here as you requested mother,\" \"Yes, thank you my dear. I need your choice of fabrics for your wedding dress, we will also need to discuss flowers, linens. There is much to plan,\" I was watching her as she spoke, she was thrilled, beyond thrilled at my union with Commander Gideon. \"You knew, you knew I would choose him,\" I intervened on her happiness for a small moment her stunning gray eyes look into mine, she was smiling at what she saw. \"Of course, I knew. I watched how you looked at him, how you interacted with him. But his eyes, when he looked at you, to him you weren't the little girl he would comfort when she fell, you were the woman he wanted to marry. I noticed as you reached age, when you stopped aging his temperament towards you leaving the castle made it firm he was falling for you. Then I started to hear the old melody he played for me when I held you in my womb, it changed to hope and love. I watched you both one night; he was teaching you to play. He will love you, protect you with his dyeing breath, and you will love and care for him, as a man, as your husband. You will see a side none will ever see Shaylee. I always wanted one thing for you, and I see it every time Gideon looks at you. I wanted you to have a man look at you the way your father looked at me, not seeing your title but you the sweet angel I was blessed with,\" tears slipped down my face hearing her words. \"I can't live up to you. To what you think I will be mother,\" choking back a sob. Gale walked in his face pulled into frown \"Queen Lenore, we have a small problem. Commander Gideon said you are needed in the far lands as well; we have twenty strong to guard you until you reach the lands. You must sign the treaty with the Halo coven of the farlands, we need the grand witches on our side in this battle my Queen. Also I was to make sure our Princess is well, I see she is planning her wedding,\" Gale bowed low, his voice was harsh with his urgency but he gave a brilliant smile at the fabrics covering the table. \"Gather my guard, I will depart at once.\" Mother stood \"Shaylee you will be in charge of this Holy place in my stead. We will finish all these plans upon my return,\" her kiss grazed my cheek. Seeing her at the very top of the north tower in her white marble glory it was a sight that always amazed me. Her wings massive as she took to the air, I watched until she was gone. I sit in her chair looking over her plans for my wedding, she was drawing the wedding landscape. My hand going over the fabric, each one a different texture. But I hold up the white satin and silver silk placing them on her parchment setting the spare fabrics in her desk, I leave her private room. Now three days have passed, Gale was back saying mother would be home by sunlight. I sit as Kylie does my hair in a thick braid it goes down my back as stray hair frames my face. I place the silver moonstone circlet onto my head as she gathered the gown that she with great skill hand made for me it was an olive-green silk that gently fades to sage Green toward the center of the gown. Beaded lace frames the chest, the separate silk chiffon cape attaches to a lace beaded collar that elegantly drapes over the arms and back. It clasps at the neck with a gem encrusted clasp. \"This is most exquisite Kylie, thank you. I will treasure it always,\" her face took on a red hue from her blush. \"It is nothing Princess, I like to make dress's,\" she was very modest \"Then you shall make my wedding dress,\" her eyes became wide and very glossy. \"It is an honor, I will work with Queen Lenore and yourself to ensure you are nothing but thrilled with the outcome,\" she started to ramble but in a good way as she was detailing all she would need. \"I must go,\" I smile at her but she pays me no mind as I leave my chambers, it is bright and by this time tomorrow mother will be home. \"Good afternoon Princess Shaylee, I shall escort you to the meeting hall,\" Helena smiled leading me with her hand braced against my back, she was my personal guard until Ophir and Keziah arrived. It was very odd sitting in mother's throne during the meeting, but here I sit. Overlooking five of the older leaders three are from Europe one from Asia the last from Maine. \"Good afternoon Princess Shaylee, I am Yun. It is a pleasure to be graced with your presence. We report a demon attack; the Dark Prince wasn't to be seen they could be rogue demons looking for trouble. We were able to kill at least half of their hoard before they vanished,\" he was sitting ridged his eyes serious, but his words soft spoken. \"Thank you Yun, it is an honor to be here conducting this meeting with all of you. Did there seem to be a pattern to their attack, even rouge demons report to the dark Prince. I suggest having as few as ten scouts do a very detailed surveillance of the area for anything they could have been looking for. Your country is rich with magical history,\" I say, his eyes look lost in thought. \"I am a fool to have never have realized that, there lies an old tome not but miles to west of where they attacked. I must go Princess, if you grant me that,\" his voice was now harsh with urgency. \"You may leave, have safe travels. Please report as soon as you are able Yun,\" I nod, he bowed low before his five guards escorted him to the tower. Troubling very troubling, they must have been looking for something. Draco, a little sour I had not chosen him was next to speak \"We have had no demon activity within the last 21 days' time. We sent aid to the far lands, they returned as I was leaving, most had battle wounds but still they returned to fight again,\" he was proud as he should be. \"Aye that is very good news, you must have trained them very well Draco.\" A small smile was given, his chest puffed up. The meeting was dragging on, we had lunch served to us as we discussed the making of more weapons, we would have to send words to the makers, old gargoyles blessed by Michael, they forged weapons of strength and death folded many times into the steel of the blades. \"I will consult the makers with in one days' time, to get more weapons produced, even we are in need of more. Has any female become with child?\" I ask my brow furrowed in worry, worry that our great race would die out. \"Not as of late, we have six young ones.\" \"We have four, but none has of the last four years. We have two that have aged, as recent as two days prior,\" Draco also looked worried. 'Don't fear, our great race will not die out. Michael has blessed us, I trust in his judgement,\" \"A wise new Queen we will be blessed with. I pray to Michael nothing shall happen to the great Queen, but she has raised her daughter well,\" Ragnok slammed his ham size fist on the black marble table, causing his drink to splash over his goblet. It was near one in the early morning, I was sealing the letter to the Makers; the wax was just settling when the door burst open. \"Come Princess,\" Helena her face red. I was moving across the room in a flurry \"What has happened?\" I ask her, her face grim. \"Demons, are attacking. They must have known our numbers to attack while most of the clan is in the far lands.\" \"Gale take Fi, secure our young ones and any who have not come of age in the lost chamber, go with haste they are our future,\" I snap my eyes glowing an amethyst color. \"They shall perish for daring attack this Holy place,\" I spat out. I stand with Helena and Marco to my sides, demons below some on the roof tops of buildings. \"We want them in the courtyard, keep them from entering,\" I leave the open window heading to the massive double doors, they will not taint this place. Gargoyles flock to the sky's, some are already in form, lined up for battle. I placed some on various towers, entrances. None shall pass into this Holy place. \"Princess, you need to be inside, safe.\" Marco protested \"Nye, I shall fight. I will guard this place, I will fight with you, if I must die then it will be for a good cause,\" \"A truly brave and selfless wife Gideon has received,\" I hear when I step forward, a massive man was at the front, even demons have leaders, higher ranked scum. \"Why have you come to this Holy Place Demon?\" I call out as my forces gather into place, I was only talking so that Gale could secure our future. \"We have come for you Princess Shaylee of the Gargoyles. It seems the Dark Prince is in need of a wife, must be of royal blood, he has chosen you. Come with us now, we will leave this place, don't come and you will see it burned to the ground,\" he was big, his voice very deep, deeper than I have ever heard. \"Then we fight Princess, his blood will taint you into something dark, something to be feared.\" Helena whispered as I looked around seeing them agree to fight, I could hand myself over and in truth they wouldn't leave this place untouched. \"I refuse this offer demon, for you would not leave this place untouched by your evil. If we must fight, then come,\" my voice clear and calm, but I was screaming inside. \"Kill them all, bring Princess Shaylee to the Dark Prince,\" he bellowed as demons scattered raining down from roof tops, from the alleys they came ready for battle. My sword cut the first one I came in contact with, his body was a pillar of flames then nothing. I remember Gideon he used not only his axe and blades but his body as well, but I didn't have the muscle for that. I kicked the female, her body skidding back into another as my blade was a bright blue sticking from her neck, I moved on quickly never watching the flames. Three came from the sides, all massive in size compared to me. I held my sword at the ready my feet plated apart as Keziah showed me when Gale swooped from the heavens his talons digging into the demon flesh, taking him to the sky's before I noticed the demon ash falling all around us, I see three Gargoyles dead as the bright blue light of their ascension takes place. \"I will deal with this insolent little Princess,\" the leader growled but neither two demons at his side moved just kept at a safer distance. \"You can't hope to defeat me child. So young, word has spread of your engagement to the fierce and great Commander Gideon, shame he will not get that honor,\" he swung his long shaft grazing my exposed upper chest a long gash oozed blue, I was ready for his next hit my blade was strong, I was able to slice down the left side of his face when the two guards crashed forward, my blade connected with the first, the smaller of the two his blade would hit my shoulder by the loud metal against metal made me turn it was Helena her face covered in dirt and blood I was sure mine was the same. I killed the demon, but I had no chance to take the leader, but I was going to try. Our blades coming together in battle my chest heaving, pain flared as he knocked me into the marble pillar, I gasped getting to my feet as Helena was fighting the leader, my eyes wide as his weapon protruded from her chest. Bright blue light came from her, as she ascended to heaven. I with renewed vigor went into battle, I was only making a small head way when I noticed the sun was rising. \"You can't take much more Princess,\" his voice eerie \"Step away from the Princess, Demon,\" his voice washed over me, my feet stumbling as the pain flared in my chest. \"The almighty Commander Gideon has come to save his Princess. We won't stop until we have her,\" \"Then I shall have to kill every demon before I kill your so called Dark Prince. Keziah take Princess Shaylee to her chambers,\" his voice was harsh his tone torn with anger. \"We will meet again Commander, retreat,\" his voice was clear, with our forces renewed and strong they would be obliterated. \"My Princess,\" was the last thing I heard, I wasn't as strong as mother wanted, needed me to be.[Chapter 8] Thank you for reading, here is another edited chapter. Again I own nothing only the original creators do, I just own Shaylee and little points in the plot. Please review! My head felt heavy, I try to open my eyes but they too felt like the world was weighing them down, all I can see is the darkness behind my eyes for some time. But I am warm, I am comfortable more so than I have ever been. It also feels as if something very warm and heavy lays across my side, I take notice I am on my left side as something drapes over me. This time I am able to open my eyes but night has fallen, a thick blanket of pure black darkness, even the curtains around my bed are pulled. The events flooded my mind, the battle, demons, the Dark Princes offer, everything floods back. My body aches, every inch is sore as try to move, but I would rather lay back down to feel so warm again. \"You need rest my Princess, lie back,\" I knew Commander Gideon's deep voice just as well as I knew my mothers. I scanned the darkness but nothing, the object I mistook as a thick cover moved pulling me back, back onto the soft bed I was once laying on. It was Commander Gideon's arm that was firmly draped over me. \"Where am I? Why am I back in your chambers? Wouldn't the Infirmary be a more suitable place,\" my voice soft \"In my chambers, it was best so I could watch you heal. You have been sleeping for three days, the Queen is very worried she stays by your bedside most of the day unless she is needed, I am here all night to watch over you. You of course were first in the infirmary but your mother trust me to watch over you much better, a place others could not see you,\" his voice was deep his warm breath hitting the back of my neck. \"Three days. I am very sorry to have worried anyone. I should go,\" \"No, you will rest. I will get you nourishment, but I advise I don't find you out of my bed,\" now his voice took on an emotion I have never heard displayed from him. He could be so vulgar and crude at times than sweet and caring. I felt colder once he moved from the bed, a flicker of light before he pulled on side of the curtain back. My eyes widened, my heart raced seeing him in his sleep pants only his muscled bare chest proudly on display. \"I will be back my Princess,\" with that he left, not bothering to cover himself. This should not be happening he was half naked, our purity should not be trifled with. I lay contemplating on leaving to my own personal chambers, but something deep in me told me he would walk straight into my chambers and remove me from them, I do however relieve my bladder before he arrives back, and by mere moments. I watch as he brings a platter with fruit, cheese, crackers, and chicken, a goblet of water in hand. The tray is set beside me as he moves around the bed taking the candle light with him, his body moves onto the bed making it dip down under his weight \"You should eat before we retire.\" \"it is hardly proper for us to be in the same bed before marriage,\" I murmur taking another bite of chicken, tasting the rich flavor. \"I could care less Princess Shaylee; another note is they all think you are in your personal chambers. Your mother our Queen had Keziah and Ophir bring you in the dead of night where I could watch you. Much to the displeasure of your guard Keziah, being in bed, naked together will not taint you nor I before our Purity ritual,\" a hint of humor came from his voice. I stay silent, my body sore, tired, I was very tired even after sleeping for days. I take the tray it was cold to the touch, setting it on the wooden desk before taking my place in his bed. I wasn't sure I had a place in it still… He doesn't hesitate to help me lay down, not that I needed it. His dark eyes locked on mine \"Why does the Dark Prince want me as his bride, I am positive there are much more suitable creatures to mate with,\" as soon as I spoke I wished that I held my tongue. Gideon's features turned dark as he spoke \"To taint you, to turn you into a dark creature. To have the Gargoyles take a blow we could never recover from, last to hurt me. I killed his kin before you were born Shaylee, this would be his pay back to take what I, well to hurt me as I hurt him so long ago. But for now you need to rest, your mother was so proud of you as am I. You held this Holy place, they weren't able to gain entrance they were being slaughtered,\" now his normal tone shone through, so caring as his bed even smelled of his sweet scent, the spice's stronger here then the chocolate. \"I couldn't defeat that demon; he was much stronger than I.\" maybe it was my sad defeated tone but his fingers grasped my chin turning it up to him \"I will teach you how to. It will take time,\" I did take faith and comfort in his words as the covers are pulled not only over me but him as well. The darkness drifted over me, I knew nothing as I slipped back into blissful sleep. My dreams swirled into colorful patches, the sound of laughter, children's laughter. My eyes open, I am still warm but it is brighter my face is nestled against his chest his arms wrapped firmly around me giving me no leeway to move from him. His smell filled my nose, making warmth pool between my legs. \"Commander,\" I give a little shake, but my thoughts are jumbled. Waking up pressed lovingly into him was like heaven, I could stay this way for as long as time allowed. But I persist to shake him from his slumber I watched in fascination as his eyes creeped open a broad smile came over his face. \"Good morning my Princess,\" I felt the heat rush to my cheeks. \"I am feeling much better, I am heading to my own chambers now,\" my voice firm. \"Can you not wait to get away from me Shaylee?\" his tone made me rethink \"It has nothing to do with thee Commander, I would like to bathe and clothe myself in fresh silks,\" but he was right I did want to be away from him. He was up blocking my path to the door \"You shouldn't lie to me Shaylee; I am to be married to you. You're mine as I am yours, you have chosen this. So tell me why you fight it?\" he was angry now. \"I made this choice, I made this choice because I care for you more than I should!\" my eyes flashing as I screamed it he was feet taller than I, but he recoiled to look down at me, but I used his shock to aim a very effective hit to his jugular he fell to his knees, his hands wrapped around his throat. I hurry the halls not yet filled so I walk the stone hall filled with the morning chill, my feet taking me to my chambers as the smell of baked goods fills the halls, my stomach making noise. Kylie was waiting her eyes bright as I walked in \"Can you please run my bath, I am frantic,\" she was up hurrying into the large marble bath chamber adjourning my room. The large white marble pillars with the matching large round tub filling with water and rose and jasmine petals, I disrobed stepping into the very warm water making a soft sigh at the feeling. \"I will get you some fresh clothes Princess, you just relax,\" her soft voice drifted as she walked out. I closed my eyes enjoying the warmth \"I am very glad to see the color in your face once again,\" mother voice made me jump the water spilling over the edge to the floor. \"Mother, I am very sorry to have worried you so,\" I take the robe from Kylie covering myself. \"You did well my child, you are going to be a grand Queen. The witches ask for you to be in attendance at the council meeting, will you be alright to join,\" her face was searching mine for a sign I wasn't fit to come. I answered, \"I will dress and leave for the hall immediately,\" I squared my shoulders \"Brave child,\" she whispered as his fingertips brushed my cheek. I did as asked; slipping on a silver and gray gown my hair flowing down my back with my circlet tiara on. \"I must go,\" I wave a hurried goodbye to Kylie as I leave my chambers seeing Keziah rushing down the long hall, a smile on her face \"I am so very happy to see you, your mother and Gideon have been most terrible to deal with while you were injured. I am to escort you to the meeting. I am a little angered by our dear Commander, it was not right you rested in his chambers, he might be pure of body but not mind,\" she scoffed, she was right. \"I am sorry, I didn't mean to worry everyone,\" but she waved it away as we made our way to the council room. She alerted me, \"He is in there, waiting. A right foul mood, something about you punching him,\" I answered, \"He was most disagreeable, I had to resort to force to exit his chambers,\" my tone as if this wasn't an ordeal but it was, he was angry now. \"Good serves Commander Gideon right,\" Keziah laughed her long dark hair down for a change. Ophir held the door open as we walked through \"My daughter the great future Queen,\" I walked thru the door my head high as Gideon stepped up his hand out \"Place yours in his, a united front,\" Ophir whispered so I did, placing my small hand into his. His soft lips pressing into the back of my hand. \"Commander Gideon the future King, he will rule under our Queen with the fierceness he has always possessed. \"Luna it as we foresaw, the great union of the forces. Sides have been drawn now all must choose sides,\" an elder grand witch said never rising from her seat. \"Excuse me, you foresaw my marriage?\" I interrupted, her gray eyes locked onto mine \"We have watched you since your birth, you were destined to be with Commander Gideon. He is your other half child,\" she smiled as Gideon smiled helping me into my seat but never leaving my side. I interjected again, \"Yes, but why would you be watching over me?\" I wasn't ready for the words that would come from her next. \"Why would I not? You're my only grandchild. Queen Lenore, my son may he rest in peace, loved you, loved you more than anyone. We side with the Gargoyles, she is coming into her powers and in good time too. We tied your magic down until two day's from now, we will teach you all you need to know. Your powers are based on your emotions,\" \"Powers?\" \"I am sorry my dearest Shaylee; you have powers since your fathers' mother is the grand high witch. Half Gargoyle half witch, I am so sorry I never told you. The darkness of the Prince will turn you against us, because you're not fully a Gargoyle,\" tears slipped from mother's eyes as the woman I was told was my grandmother rushed to her side her arms around her. \"This doesn't leave the room, about Shaylee,\" I hear but I am on my feet running from the room hearing yelling, calling for me. But I don't hesitate to rush past fellow Gargoyles I need a place to hide, I feel the warmth of tears falling. My feet carried me to his chambers. I close his hangings laying in his bed, sobbing letting it go. Darkness falls, I hear frantic voices outside his door as I wake \"FIND HER NOW,\" was bellowed as the door opened then it shut with such force I backed into the wood behind me cowering. \"Gideon please find my angel, please. Please my old friend, find her for me, I have wronged her, if she is hurt it will be my fault. I love her so, it feels as if my heart will burst with love,\" my mother was crying, pleading. \"Go to your chambers and relax, I will find Shaylee. You shouldn't have kept this from her, she should be proud but right now she is angry and scared. Go, I will find her, I couldn't live without her either my Queen,\" I hear the door creak open but it slams shut again as I sigh. I moved from his bed when I stop dead \"I could smell you Shaylee,\" I turn seeing the red and very angry face of my future husband. Please review…And as for Gargoyle children, they age different, I may say 18 years but it was a hundred for them. So no young ones have been born in a hundred years.[Chapter 9] Thank you for reading, I own nothing and in turn no money has been made from my writings. Please review…edited. I turned seeing Gideon, he was angry but you could see the tension leave his face as he moved closer. \"Why Commander, why has she kept all this from me?\" I moved into his arms, feeling the tension leave me as well. The way his arms wrapped around me the moment I came close enough, it was warm and safe. \"Princess, enough with the Commander, you're my love, my future wife, call me Gideon, please. She did what was best for you, keeping this from you wasn't right. But it doesn't change you Shaylee, it doesn't change how I feel about you.\" His voice was low yet still managed to hold so much emotion. A side only I would see. My head was resting on his chest, feeling it rise and fall as he breathed \"What will other's think of me?\" I whisper \"Most already know, those who don't have no need to know. You are a blessing, the very first Gargoyle-witch born, there have been many tries but all failed ending in the infant's death. But you, Shaylee, were meant to be here, meant for me,\" his hands cupped my face, I looked into his dark green eyes, seeing his soul, it was magnificent. He leaned closer our eyes fluttered shut when his lips touched mine but soon enough his door rattled \"I swear to Michael,\" he fumed picking me right up, with his long strides he deposited me onto his bed he didn't waste any time shutting his bed hangings. I peeked from his bed hangings seeing it was Gale and Levi \"The queen requests you at once, she is in much distress,\" Levi alerted Commander Gideon from here I could hear his deep sigh. He answered, \"I am on my way,\" was said, I watched as Levi and Gale left in their haste \"Don't leave, I will return, we will walk to dinner together. Change clothes and return to my chamber's,\" then he too was gone, he was a man who thrived on control, I could play the game but no man will ever control me. I left his chambers to dress for dinner it wasn't time yet, but I do this so we can talk, I don't know him like others. I had questions I wanted answered, that when I was too young to ask him such personal things. My chambers are empty as I slip into a dark blue velvet dress, it rested below my shoulders, matching blue slippers and I was ready. My hair was fine not a need to redo it, that would take much more time than I currently had. I exited my personal chambers \"I see you're not in need of assistance this evening,\" it was Kylie. I answered with a smile, \"I am sorry Kylie; I was in a hurry. I will see you at dinner,\" waving before taking my leave, she was eyeing me with a small pulled smile, it tugged at the corner of her lip. The halls are filled with gargoyles walking to their positions or dinner, maybe some to bathe, the smell was mixed with spices, rose, jasmine, and musk as many arrived. But I must be careful as I slipped back into his personal chambers hearing water being run \"Commander Gideon,\" I called out moving closer to the sound, I shouldn't creep closer, further away was much better. I peeked in seeing him resting with his eyes closed while he bathed, I blushed moving back into the safety of his bed chambers. \"Come back in Princess, I am yours now. I will be your husband, there will be no need to hesitate around me,\" his voice deep, but it was the purr behind his tone that had me with the need to hide. Only the fact he would find me had me stay. \"You're in a state of undress Commander Gideon, your own purity,\" my voice low as I stood at the arch leading into his bath chambers \"It is Gideon, or my husband. You soon will see all of me as I will see all of you. Not now but very soon, I was in need of a hot bath. Your mother would care for words after dinner my Princess,\" his dark eyes on me, as I sit in a chair, I felt faint at the thought of us together as husband and wife, as man and woman. \"I will make sure to talk with mother. Calling you Commander is such an ingrained trait it will take time to adjust to this,\" I watched him bathing \"I am going to stand now; I must also dress for dinner. You may stay or you may rest in my chambers,\" he gave a half smile. With those words I stumbled to my feet leaving him to dress hearing a deep chuckle at my exit. I did rest upon his lounge chair, his chambers are very small, no reading alcove or bookcase. Once we are married these will no longer be his chambers, mine will be redone to fit us both. I can smell his cologne, but it is his natural order that I like. I turn seeing him bare chested in his pants, he pulls a darker gray top on then his armor, ready to battle always. He smirked, \"Come my Princess,\" his hand outstretched to mine, without reason nor thought, I placed mine into his letting him help me up, we exited his chambers together walking the halls. Gargoyles smiled, some stared but they didn't matter; his hand in mine mattered to me right now. Please review.[Chapter 10] I own nothing but thank you for reading anyway. Please review! Edited. The way his hand felt in mine was as if it was made by, the Archangel Michael himself, to fit into my own. We walked hand in hand to supper, many heads turned to us as we strode by them, untied. But my thoughts are running wild, our wedding was soon. Soon there would be no boundaries between us. He would see me the way few females have, he would be able to touch me the way a man touches his wife. My heart was racing with fear, worry, happiness. I was scared, this was new to me, I am also sure some of it would be new to him as well. I could maybe ask Keziah or mother both would have such knowledge. \"My Princess, you seem to be over thinking something. You're biting your lower lip, you have always done that when you tend to over thinking little matters,\" his voice was deep, I always wondered why he sounds Australian, no other here has the accent he has. I smile \"I was thinking, but it was no little matter. Soon things will be changing, I was thinking if I was ready, if I would be enough. Do you not have similar thoughts Commander?\" my eyes moved to his as his head is bowed down to properly look at me. \"Of course. I await the changes; they mean very much to me. I don't feel as if I am worth you, you're young, stunning beyond all, even our Queen, smart, and caring there are so many things about you, enough to stay here with you until dawn telling you them all. I am old, brave and I am yours Shaylee,\" my eyes burned with the unshed tears that needed release. We continued walking the grand hall doors stand open as Gargoyles entered for supper \"Commander Gideon. Why do you have an accent, I have always wondered. But when I was young it would have been wrong to ask such personal questions to you,\" His deep booming laugh filled the halls, many turned seeing him in a state none have seen, he is so tense most times. I knew I was looking at him with a dream like look, smiling \"I am from Perth, Australia, Princess.\" He gave me a look \"Dinner than I will tell you how I came to be here, there is much you don't know my Princess.\" his voice hit the back of my hand before I felt his lips touch the softness of my skin. Mother had a brilliant smile, when we continued our entrance her face was all I could see. He helps me to sit next to her before taking his seat on her left as the hall was filled with laughter, talking, and love. \"Mother, you look beautiful,\" my voice low. Her stunning blue eyes misted over \"My darling Shaylee, I am so very sorry. I have wronged you, I just wanted to you grow up to be happy. Please forgive me,\" my chest hurt seeing mother so hurt. I answered, \"I love you mother, there is nothing to forgive. You are wise, you did it all to protect me,\" placing my hand over hers as my voice was barely above a whisper. She smiled with tears, \"You're an angel. You are my light Shaylee, I love you so much it feels like my chest will explode,\" our hands stayed together as we finished supper. Keziah and Ophir smiled before leaving together, Mother was up as I soon followed Commander \"I am very tired this evening,\" mother said. \"Gale escort our Queen to her chambers,\" Commander Gideon ordered as he came closer to me he took my hand, the warmth was welcomed. \"Thank you Commander my dear friend,\" mother smiled at the both of us, soon enough we left them, leaving the hall together. I simply followed his lead my feet carrying me faster his strides much longer, we headed towards the west torrent. It was a nice it had a place for us to sit alone and converse. He was ever the gentlemen helping me sit, his body next to mine \"I was friends with your father, our parent's friends before us. We visited each other often, even as we grew and aging stopped. He saw your mother when we traveled here for a Ball, I never sought Lenore's heart, she was never for me. But she had your father smitten from first sight. One look from him she announced their wedding that night, he asked me to stay with him, it was a hard choice at the time. I was the ruler of my clan of Gargoyles, but I knew deep down I was where I needed to be, my brother Brice now rules, they are better for it. I became the Commander for both your parents, but that changed one night when I was protecting the Queen one night while your father left to an urgent meeting with three others. You were a mere five years of age, your mother refused to leave your side since you had fallen ill. He died that night, my best friend, my brother in arms. The Queen was destroyed, her morning, her grief lasted years you were her light in her never-ending darkness. But she healed, I stayed here for her, but I think I knew there was something about you. You were such a resilient little devil, into such mischief, I would find you trying to fly before your time. I held you close when you cried, knees bloody so many bumps and bruises. I have loved you for some time Shaylee, I never thought you could return my feelings but now we are to be married,\" his voice was soft and deep, it held such emotion always surprising coming from this brute of a man. The room fell silent it was peaceful just sitting here leaning against his warm skin, his arm draped on me as we looked at the night sky. \"My love, you need your rest soon your powers will take effect. They will drain you for the first few months, so you'll need much rest,\" the way he said my love made my heart race for unknown reasons. I asked, \"I still am unsure of my feelings towards this. What kind of powers will I be graced with,\" I mumbled as he helped me to my feet \"I have not a clue my love, but I know that I will be here by your side through it all,\" Please review..[Chapter 11] I own nothing and no money has been made from these stories! So thanks for reading and PLEASE review. Edited Year 1926… I walk alone though the long winding halls, they lead to various rooms and chambers, I couldn't sleep for a third night, I would wake up each night hovering feet above my bed. It was very alarming the first night; I haven't spoken to Commander Gideon about these worries. I could make things move, vanish, whatever seemed to form inside my head with enough concentration it happened. Few Gargoyles roamed the halls, guarding us while we slept. My feet carrying me to the alcove where we sat talking a week prior. It was silent and deserted, I have been rather temperamental and withdrawn as my sleep has been so disturbed, and Commander Gideon has been gone two days and two nights. This factor only aided in my foul mood, he could get hurt but I knew he was our Commander and this was his job, one he was the very best at, a feat I took great pride in. I move hours later; before the sun could rise, to close my eyes for a few hours if possible, I was in dire need of rest. \"Princess Shaylee, let me escort you to your chambers before I take my leave to aid Commander Gideon,\" Gage bowed low before walking behind me the heat from his hand as it hovered near the small of my back. \"Please Princess, don't fret about Keziah. I talked with Ophir personally, she is up and wanting to see you at first sunlight, she understands and loves you,\" cold dread washed over me, seeing Keziah on the cold stone floor her skin ash grey, after another outburst of magic, all I did was slam my hand on the table sending purple bolts of lightning in all directions. One bolt striking Keziah, my best friend, my sister, that was only this morning, I was a coward I couldn't bring myself to go see her in the infirmary. I answered, \"Thank you, I shall wait for her arrival,\" my words short my tone even, my body feeling more and more drained as each day passed. I start my training in two days' time, a fact mother was most happy about. Once I learned to master them, they wouldn't drain me, they wouldn't cause me to walk the halls at all hours of the night. I wouldn't hurt the ones I cared for anymore, I just wanted this to end. With a bow, \"I live to serve you my Princess, I bid you goodnight,\" my silk sleep gown and slipper clad feet made no noise as I moved about my room, eyeing my bed with dislike. How much nerve does it have to be so befitting of me and I lay there unable to sleep? But I must try knowing that dawn was fast approaching and with my duties, little rest rather than none made it all tolerable. At last I laid down for some time even though sleep as evaded me another night as Kylie and Keziah enter my personal chambers \"Princess, I take it you have not slept well for a fortnight,\" Kylie said while she glided off towards my wardrobe. Keziah chimed in, \"Shaylee, enough with all this. I don't blame you, you have no control of them, they link to your emotions. You're a wreck, you always have been when you didn't sleep well, a little demon at times,\" her smile made everything seem better. I answered her, \"Thank you for your kind words and most of all your forgiveness, I would never hurt the ones I love,\" my voice low as I slide into a mild shade of gray slippers, Kylie returned with a dress she had just finished. It was sheer in most places allowing free movement, it had a silver and gray corset with a high neck. It was stunning, as Keziah placed a silver and moon stone circlet over my hair, it curled with intricate braids. But I saw their worried eyes as we left my chambers heading towards the grand hall for our morning meal. This Holy place in all its magnificent glory was alive as only the night guards are ready for slumber. The halls brimming with laughter and joy, soft enchanting music played as we entered. Mother was next two her two of three guards, her blue eyes locking with mine when I arrived \"My darling child, another night has been harsh on you,\" she gave me a sad look before rushing to my side, her soft hands bracing the sides of my face. \"I will be fine mother,\" I sit in my place, devouring food, but I did it in a ladylike way, not shoving food in my mouth. All too soon Kylie and Keziah walked me to mother's private sitting area, always see her behind the massive desk but now she has rolls of parchment, fabrics and flowers covering it. Her smile was like a beacon of light, \"Come in, come in. Much to do darling and so little time,\" \"Mother we have all the time in the world,\" I retorted sitting next to her \"We will be tasting cakes tomorrow, there are a few strange kinds now, the worlds is moving for advancing in all areas. That was something I was honestly looking forward to, cake was sinful with the sweet icing the bread so moist. For flowers, I liked Lilies the best they seemed very regal and yet so simple, we chose fabrics, settings everyone was coming this was to be a grand event, witches, fairies, trolls, gargoyles all side by side. Food was served long ago for lunch, I was hungry again it was getting very dark now \"Mother, I am very hungry. Let us go to dinner,\" I smiled we have much planned already, Keziah and Kylie left hours ago, leaving us to do more work for this wedding. She looked stricken, \"Oh darling, I am very sorry. Let us take our leave now,\" we shared many traits. Height among other facial features. My mother's cold fingers traced my face, \"My darling, I am most worried, you look ill,\" I was dizzy as the corridor spun \"I don't feel well at this time,\" I felt the cold, smooth stone wall under my hand, but an anguished cry was the last sound I heard, my mother's cry was like someone had ripped her heart out. Thank you for reading, please review…[Chapter 12] Hello, here is another chapter of my story. I only own new characters and ideas, no money is being made from my writing and all rights go to the rightful owners. Please review! (Also, outfits and character pictures are on my polyvore Noellamonster) Edited. I still woke in the early hours before the sun would even rise, I move from the warmth of my bed still feeling ill. But I forged on, moving with small steps to my alcove just to relax by looking at the stars. \"You should be resting,\" a female voice chimed from the darkness. A long sigh escapes my lips \"Keziah, you should still be resting, not here watching me,\" I take my seat my eyes seeing her clearly now, she looked a little worse for the wear but better than the last I saw of her. \"Princess, it has been my duty and honor watching over you. You surprised me, it was only an accident, you're new to your powers. But as I have been told by Ophir you have nearly mastered them.\" She was far too forgiving. I answered in a frustrated tone, \"Yes as you see, I have nearly mastered them by nearly killing you, since I let my anger overwhelm me. It was weak,\" it goes silent as she walks over taking a seat next to me, her face soft as she looks at me. \"I love you, as if you were my own Shaylee. I don't watch over you because the Queen asks, I have kept watching over you because of my love. My desire to see you be a greater Queen then your mother and her mother before her. You're meant for great things if you let them happen, you have a pure heart. I am going to go to my chambers to clean up, it is passed dawn and Kylie will be here shortly,\" she gave another smile before she left me to ponder, well, ponder everything. But I had to meet my grandmother in a mere few hours so I move to my bathing chambers starting to fill the excessively large round bath. I poured lavender and rose petals needing to relax or I might have another fainting spell. I undressed leaving my clothes on the floor as I walk into the tub, the hot water mixed with the petals start to sooth me. Kylie point of view… She looks peaceful, but pale and sickly. I can't take seeing our Princess in such an ill state. I hurry to her writing desk; may she forgive me for alerting her future husband; our future king. \"Commander Gideon, Our Princess has not been faring well these last few days, she sleeps so little, if at all. She trains all day, works with her mother until the feast, she has been having fainting spells from lack of sleep, she hardly eats. I worry for her; she looks so ill. I hope this letter finds you well. -Kylie.\" I knew my heart was leaving again to aid our Commander as I rush from the room seeing him with three others. I must wait, but I also have little time as they converse. He must sense me as his eyes start to move, looking until they fall into mine. I wait a little longer until he leaves them heading to me. \"My love, I am leaving now,\" his voice was husky but so warm. I answered, \"Give this to Commander Gideon, its urgent.\" I handed him the seal letter his brow drawn into a frown. \"I will because you ask,\" was all he said before placing a small but lingering kiss to my lips. \"I shall see you soon,\" I bid him goodbye turning back to her door, she was still bathing, thankfully. I called, \"I have arrived Princess and have brought you a gift, it is laying on your bed,\" I smiled seeing her sit up the water cascading in waves \"Well please hand me my robe,\" she still had a childlike wonder about her. Shaylee's point of view… I loved gifts… But knowing Kylie it was some form of clothes; she was a skilled dress maker. I was right a glorious dress was laid out on my bed, it was made of a beautiful royal sea blue satin, velvet material. It draped at the sleeves and flowed gorgeously with a small train. Along the ends of the sleeves, waist, chest and train was embroidered in a silvery golden pattern. It fit like a dream as she placed my long hair into braids pinning them to my head before I placed red slippers on my feet. \"Kylie, this is the best yet.\" It truly was she was gifted. She blushed crimson but said nothing. It even had a place for my sword, she was amazing. We walked together for our morning meal when Keziah and Ophir came upon us \"A stunning vision you're, Princess,\" Ophir smiled bowing low. \"Good morning,\" I gave a small head nod to him as we four continued to walk together the halls full of life as many are headed to eat. I felt faint but pushed it away, it was getting hotter as I took my seat next to mother. \"You look paler this morning, my child,\" her voice worried \"I feel better. Do you not see this gown I wear mother; Kylie has out done herself, yes? I can barely hold my excitement in on my wedding dress,\" this turned the conversation from my health to the wedding. Grandmother just smiled. I knew she was leaving today, that she somehow thought I had finished my training. So I ate, not much but enough seeing every Gargoyle rejoicing. I stood \"I have matters that need to be taken care of, mother. I will meet you in your study very soon for the menu,\" I smiled feeling sick. My grandmother walked out next to me \"You're cunning little one. Your mother isn't one for distraction but you manage to get her,\" she during training would tell me everything about my father. It was nice to hear about him; not just how brave he was. But today is just for saying goodbye. We sat in the open courtyard for some time. \"I at a certain point in time thought it be Commander Gideon with your mother, when I was young and not so willing to let my son leave us. So when he left to attended the ball for your mother, I had no fears. Gideon was much better looking, stronger, to your father's lean build. But we received word he was in love and to be wed to Princess Lenore. I was angry at first because that meant he wasn't to return home, but I adore your mother, I see now it was always you meant for Commander Gideon you will be able to handle his rather brass nature. He needs love but so much more, he will love you, he will be all that you need and more.\" The sun was high; my head was spinning. \"I best be off love. I will be back to see how far you have come, you will get the notion of your powers. It's a hands-on learning,\" I stood regaining my footing a look of concern flashed across her face before I vanished as if it had never happened. She answered, \"With this too, you will figure it out my love,\" she left me standing there until sense hit me, we had been in conversation much longer than intended, lunch had passed it was getting dark now. I hurried down the halls, my dress flying behind me seeing mother and Gage in mid conversation \"Shaylee, your grandmother alerted me she had taken all your time. Now you must freshen up for supper, my darling girl,\" my mother was smiling from ear to ear. \"Yes of course, mother,\" I felt dreadful, I moved down the corridor towards my chambers \"My love, you look pale,\" I turned in front of me was Commander Gideon in his battle armor, he was dirty as well. I answered in a low voice, \"I have not been well,\" was all I was able to mutter as he engulfed me in a massive embrace \"I know, word came to me from a little bird you have been very ill, not eating, fainting. Come to my chambers, I must bathe before supper and you already look more beautiful then the sun and stars.\" I never had a choice he just grasped my hand pulling me towards his private chambers. Many looked but we are to be married these things are normal for us now. His room is cool his bed unmade as we entered, he moved away heading to his bathing chamber, I could hear the water before he reentered the room. His hands bracing my face \"I missed you Princess,\" his lips came upon mine a sweet kiss before he rested his forehead on mine, we had our eyes closed. \"I missed you very much, Gideon,\" I admitted a faint chuckle escaped his mouth. I stood rooted to the spot as he undressed he had no real shame. His clothes discarded on the stone floors as he entered the bath, his very toned body submerged in the steaming water, I cleaned what little I could before walking in. \"How was your travels?\" I asked. He answered, \"They were well; we ran into some infested spots before we made it to Perth. My family is ready for their journey to meet the Princess and my future wife. My brother was a rather unpleasant one, during my time there.\" That was horrible of his brother, family matters. \"Was there cause for his ill mood?\" He smirked, \"As he sees it, it should have been him leader of our clans to have had the honor of your hand, not me, I just am a Commander and Queens guard,\" he chuckled his dark green eyes looking into mine. \"I see,\" but I really didn't. The scent of his skin filled the air as he bathed. He asked, \"Why did you choose me?\" now it was I who gave a smirk \"That is for me to know,\" he leaped from the filled tub the water hitting the floor, I screamed covering my eyes for the sake of my own purity as he laughed. \"You barbarian,\" I laughed \"Let me dress so we might eat, or we can just stay in and have dinner in bed,\" his voice wasn't of humor as I gave him a look, however will he pass the ritual? \"Nye, you may dress so we may head to the hall, good sir,\" I gave a few single glances to his naked backside before moving my eyes to the door \"I am ready,\" his arm out to me. We left his room together… Please review…[Chapter 13] Hello my fellow readers, here is another chapter of my story. I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. Remember to check polyvore for outfits and character pictures Noellamonster and leave a review! Year 1931… Commander Gideon says, \"Something has been killing demons in the region of Perth. But as the Gargoyles arrive it is gone, not that I object to whatever is killing demons, I am concerned. We have no inkling of what it is,\" as he speaks to our Queen. I listened, this has happened over the centuries, before any could venture out to kill the advancing hoard, they are killed. Pillars of flame are all that is left. Commander Gideon is vengeful, his mind so very closed. I asked him, \"Have they sent scouts, aimed not to kill whomever it is helping us with this issue?\" many turn to me with a smile, some worried. He answered, \"Why would we do such a thing, we don't know if this creature means us harm,\" Gideon scoffed, it was very disrespectful as I saw the purple current run over my hand, I controlled it gaining my composer. \"Well, since you have such a closed mind Commander, I will issue the order. I want three Gargoyles sent out to scout the area, I want it known this is only talking, whatever that is aiding us is not to be harmed in any way. If it meant us harm, do you not think it has had ample time to attack the Gargoyles as it has the demons? But I will also keep in mind your disrespect towards myself, the Princess,\" my voice was firm and steady but I was internally shaking. Everyone looked at me with placid faces, as if they thought I was right but seeing my anger flashing they said nothing. A new voice chimed, \"Thank you Princess Shaylee, I wanted the very same but Commander Gideon was very set against it. I will send word back to my own Commander, we will try and locate and have words with our allies,\" I turned seeing a handsome man, his accent was the same as my future husbands. Commander Gideon stood beside my mother as she looked at the burly man \"Hello, Brice. It has been many years,\" oh this was Gideon's little brother. I stood which made Commander Gideon be hesitant to stand beside my mother, so I resumed my seat next to Keziah \"Tension is so thick a knife could cut through it,\" Keziah smiled as Ophir gave a small chuckle. I smiled, Brice looked very similar to Gideon, but the looks they gave each other were far from brotherly. Brice bowed low, \"I am sorry my Queen; I will be at every meeting instead of my Commander. I was in battle at the time of the ball, I now wish I had been here as I see a true vision sitting in front of me. Hello, Commander Gideon, our parents will be here at first light,\" he gave a low bow to my mother. Mother spoke, \"This is my daughter Princess Shaylee,\" I stood moving closer to mother \"It is a pleasure to meet you Brice.\" I smiled as he took my hand into his placing a small kiss to my hand, his eyes more bright than his brothers. \"No my Princess the pleasure is all mine. You are as stunning as the heavens,\" he smiled, I felt uncomfortable. I smiled moving back as Commander Gideon wasted no time taking my hand in his own, I looked up into his dark green eyes, he smiled down at me. Mother intervened, \"Commander if you could please walk me to my chambers, Brice we will have a meeting when the sun rises. My daughter sleep well,\" she placed a kiss to my head. \"Sleep well, mother,\" I watched as Commander walked with her two other guards leaving the room. I turned to Brice, \"I would like a report given to myself if contact is made, I will go in haste to meet them personally. Alert our aid, Princess Shaylee of the Gargoyles would like to talk,\" I knew it was Adam, son of Frankenstein. He answered with a smile, \"My pleasure, may I escort you to your chambers, Princess.\" He smiled it would be in bad taste as he is a guest here, if I declined his offer as my escort. I gave a look to Keziah and Ophir \"This once because you're a guest, Princess. I will come check on you very soon,\" Keziah stood her face like stone, as her eyes glared at Brice. \"Then lucky I am a guest,\" Brice smiled as I walked from the room heading towards Commanders chambers, not my own. Brice had this creepy vibe about him as we walked the lone halls as most are feasting. Brice smelled of Spices and vanilla, unlike his brother, \"It is a shame you have chosen a husband; I blame myself for not being at the ball. But I put our people first, I can't regret such a thing. I hope to know you better while I am here,\" he smiled, I was unsure if he was trying to get me to leave his brother. He took my hand placing another kiss, smirking at me \"My brother, isn't all good unlike what most think. He has a bloody past, and he will bring death in his wake,\" Brice said his tone serious. With a smile, \"I bid you goodnight, Brice. Thank you for your company,\" I smiled seeing Commander Gideon looking rather demented this evening as he stalked down the halls. His loud voice boomed, \"Brice, I suggest you remove yourself from Shaylee's side.\" he growled his eyes flashing with malice. \"That is no way to address our Princess, my dear brother. I bid you goodnight Princess Shaylee,\" his hand was removed from mine. \"Leave now, before I forget we are brothers,\" Gideon was acting rude, this was very uncalled for. Brice answered, \"I thought you already had, Commander Gideon,\" Brice smiled walking from us, heading back towards Ophir and Keziah who would show him to guest accommodations. \"Commander, you can't act in such a manner, you have been very disrespectful. At this point he is a guest in this holy place,\" I say as he scoffs again \"Enough of that as well. You will not act in such a manor towards myself,\" I say my eyes narrowing as he says \"I am dead tired and so are you my love. Please change and come back, I need to hold you,\" he pleaded, he didn't need me. I answered, \"I will be come back,\" I place my hand over his before walking to my own chambers, I changed into my silk sleeping gown, with little more thought I took clothes for tomorrow as well. I walked from my chambers in a hurry before any saw me slipping into Commanders room with clothes. I hung my clothes as he walked from his bath chambers, I brushed my teeth before I arrived so I was ready to have a lay in, if at all. \"Come Princess,\" he smiled his bed was warm as I lay there, his body curled around mine his head resting atop mine. \"I think your brother rather I leave you,\" I say to him \"No doubt for himself,\" he retorted as my eyes felt heavy. It was him, the way he held me, his soft humming that lulled me under. \"Sleep my Princess, I am here,\" was the very last thing I heard. Please review…[Chapter 14] Hello fellow fanfiction readers and writers, here is another new chapter for my story. I still own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. Check polyvore for character pictures and outfits Noellamonster. Thank you for reading, please review! Edited. I wake, my eyes fluttering open, feeling his vast warmth covering me. He slept still his face so peaceful. I slipped from the warmth of his arms and his bed. I walk with feather light steps towards his bathing chambers, it is smaller than mine, but it fills as I add rose and lavender petals watching them float around for a brief few moments before I stand stripping off my bed silks. The water was warm as I rest in the soothing scented water, I closed my eyes just relaxing. I was worried about Commander Gideon's brother, I prayed he caused us no trouble while he stayed here \"Only days away, then we will be married. A day I am looking forward to my love,\" my eyes opened seeing Commander Gideon leaning against the stone entrance, his eyes on mine, I answered, \"Yes, I will be busy with the final wedding plan's and welcoming your family.\" I wasn't as nervous now, even though I was very naked under the bath water. He gave me a nod, holding up my robe so I could dress for the day ahead of us. \"Are you excited for your family to be here?\" I asked, trying to steel my nerves as I stood from the bath my long hair draping over my breast, covering them as I stepped from the bath. He wraps the robe around me careful not to touch my bare skin. \"If I am honest, my love. No I am not; my brother is not the boy I left in Perth. He has grown into someone I don't care for, as for my parents, I only hope they act accordingly. They come from a small rural place, where they are loud and unrulier. I was raised to try and marry your mum, but I never felt anything for her. It has been you, it will always be you,\" I hoped this visit was what he wanted, I couldn't have anyone ruin my wedding, it was considered bad luck. He sat but his body was relaxed his eyes on me as I sit brushing my hair \"Would you mind if we moved room's after we marry? This room is very small,\" I asked of him \"I was under the impression we would be moving into a bigger room,\" he smiled, this was good. \"Yes, we will.\" He left me to dress as he went to bathe himself, I braided my hair placing the golden leaf circlet, it had a draped chain. I put on my undergarments before I dressed in a marron gown, it has long fluted sleeves with a V neckline and waistline. The front of the A line skirt is split and the delicate embroidery featuring ivy leaves runs down both sides. I always think Kylie out does herself, she gives me detail's on what the dress is made of, the neck line and such. I wait now for him, but he doesn't keep me waiting long before he walks in fully dressed, his armor shinning, his hand out to me. \"You look radiant, my love.\" He smiled, his eyes so dark but so welcoming. \"Thank you, Gideon,\" I could only smile, he pressed his warm lip's to my head in a small gesture of affection. \"I can't come back in here after we leave, the wedding is two days' time. It will be disrespectful to all,\" I whisper feeling his body tense up. He answered, \"I know; I wish it could be different but it is how we live. But in two days' you will be my wife, I will be your husband, we can be together as much as we desire,\" the way he said it was implying more, I just wanted his warmth. We leave hand in hand, heading to the large dining hall, our fellow Gargoyles smiled wishing us well as he stopped leaving me with Ophir and Keziah as he had to go to mother's chambers. \"Now you must not talk, or be close to Commander Gideon until your wedding, he will only see you once you are married,\" Ophir lectured as I gave him a firm nod. \"I will of course do as all before me have done,\" I say as we enter the grand dining hall, I see Brice chatting with two new comers, a man with Gideon's build, he looks so very similar, the woman wasn't very tall but her eyes are bright like Brice's, but the very same color of Commander Gideon. Brice smiles, \"And there she is, a glorious sight to behold,\" Brice said walking over to us. \"I hope Queen Lenore comes in a haste, Brice is becoming an issue,\" I hear Keziah before she exit's the room leaving me with Ophir. \"I hope you have slept well, Brice.\" I let him kiss my hand, he gives me a rather dashing smile. He answered, \"I did, thank you for having us here in this holy place. This is my father, Jai, he was ruler before me. This is my mother Willa,\" he introduced his and Commander Gideon's parents. \"It is an honor to be in your presence Princess Shaylee,\" Jai bowed as did Willa \"The pleasure is all mine, please sit and eat,\" I smiled as we moved to the long table, Gargoyles watching in case they wished me harm. We all stood seeing mother walk in, a little color in her cheeks, with her guard and Keziah in tow, Keziah, broke from the group heading towards me. Commander Gideon, his marron cloak buckled to his armor, it moves with him. Commander Gideon looks ready to come to me, but now we can't be close. \"Jai and Willa, it has been many years, we have much to talk about. After we feast, we will be having a council meeting to which you will be joining.\" Mother said her voice firm, something was wrong. They agreed, now we eat. Brice is seated next to Ophir who is on my left, he looks at me every so often. My stomach was turning with the unwanted attention \"I am finished,\" I announced pushing my plate away nearly full as Keziah gave me a wary look. Commander Gideon was watching me, his eyes moving from my plate to myself. I just shook my head, causing him to look angry, he looked away. \"Then let us go to the council room,\" mother smiled standing as did her guard, Ophir and Keziah walked at my sides as Brice, Jai, and Willa walked together, we headed to the grand council room, but there were no others when we arrived. I took my seat at the smaller throne, as the guard took their seats, the rest sat across from us. \"We seem to have some issues in Perth, not just a new ally. But the fact Brice has not come to a single meeting since you were given leadership of the Perth Gargoyles. Under your rule, Jai, this was unheard of, but you allow this travesty to happen with your own child, I understand at times he was in battle but the others he was in Perth, able to come, but still he sends another in his place. Now he alerts us he will come, but it seems more to watch the Princess who is marrying his brother in two days' time.\" Her voice was firm but soft, stern but leant at the same time. Jai looked at his son, his eyes cold like Commander Gideon \"Explain yourself son, I was under the impression you have come each time. That you were seeking the Princess's hand,\" I could only watch as my mother raised her brow. \"Your son never came to the ball, all asked of your clan's absence. The disrespect it showed towards myself and the Princess. I am taking his right to rule away until he learns how to be a better ruler,\" this angered Brice, he stood his nostrils flaring. \"I am the best ruler Perth has seen, better than my father before me. Better than my so called brother, you were raised to wed Queen Lenore while I was molded to marry her daughter, Princess Shaylee. Now you have what I want,\" he yelled as his parents look shocked. Jai answered, \"I will take over, until I train another more competent ruler. I must go back to Perth and alert the clan of all this. I will be back for your wedding Gideon,\" his father left us without another word, his blue cloak billowing in the wind. Willa looked close to tears now seeing her son's at each other. Commander Gideon rose from his seat, his face was dead, but the anger rolled off him making the air bitter around us. \"Princess Shaylee belongs to no one; she will be my wife. I will be at her side as she rules after her mother, I will watch her become all she was meant to be, all the while just giving her love, comfort, advice, guidance, I will never rule. With this I am happy, happy being Commander and her husband, something you wouldn't ever have been satisfied with Brice.\" I gazed at Keziah who was watching them go at each other with words. Brice was just as angry, \"We all know your wedding can't take place if any stand up and say object. I will be there; I will be the one to object. She deserves more than a cold-blooded killer, you killed for fun, for sport, not just demons brother. You bring into your marriage lies, and blood,\" I gasped my eyes moving between them, this was now all too much. Ophir stood \"You will ascend before you could utter a word Brice of Perth, I will not stand for any to ruin Princess Shaylee's wedding day. Commander Gideon's past is just that his past, his future lays with our Princess,\" he growled out moving forward. \"My son, if you feel you must continue to hold such hate for your brother, my son. You should go home, I will not allow you to be this cold to him, he left us, but you have held a grudge for too long.\" Willa stood now, her words seemed to be a physical blow to Brice. \"He left, he was to rule, I was supposed to marry her. I was left to deal with being ruler, a job I never wanted, I wanted to be a warrior. Of course, mother, I should have known you would take his side, your precious Gideon,\" he scoffed at his own mother, who let tears fall. Commander Gideon growled \"You dare speak to our mother in such a manner,\" he bellowed as I stood leaving without any noticing, I walked away, away from all the loud fighting. I make my way to the Chapel, I bend down on the pillows, lighting a single candle before I pray. \"Michael, please guild me in my endeavors. Let there be peace soon, show me I am on your path still,\" I say in my head, just feeling lost. Soon I move from the room walking to mother's study, Kylie was waiting outside the door \"Good morning Princess,\" she smiled \"Good morning Kylie,\" I smiled back seeing mother and her Guard coming our way. \"Shaylee love, Brice has left. He rather not be at the wedding,\" she said with a tad of sorrow in her voice, her job was never easy. Gideon was still angry \"I swear child must you sneak off,\" Keziah came to my side making sure Commander Gideon was a very god distance away. \"Let us finish the details, come Willa,\" mother smiled as we are ushered into her study by Keziah and Ophir, I give one last look to Gideon, a small smile is on his face. I wouldn't see him for two days, he would be going through a purity ritual, if he failed our wedding was not to take place, I was already deemed as pure as fresh snow.[Chapter 15] Hello fellow fanfiction readers and writers, here is another chapter of my story that I hope yall will enjoy! I still don't own anything except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. Check my polyvore if you'd like to see outfits and character pictures Noellamonster. Please leave a review! Edited. I sit in the alcove reading but my mind is barely able to grasp the words printed on these pages. It only has been hours since I have seen Commander Gideon, but I couldn't get my mind off his past, what it really entailed. It seems Ophir knew, knew of it all. Brice made very intriguing points, something my future husband and I will be discussing in great length once we marry. I was pulled from my thought's by a soft knock to my door \"Enter,\" my voice carrying, Keziah and Jai walk in \"Princess we have made contact with the newest ally, he will only speak with you. He lives in a cabin on the very edge of Perth. Bring your guard, but we must leave to be back before your wedding,\" he smiled he was trying to undo all his son's wrongs. \"I will ready myself, Keziah alert only my mother and Ophir,\" I say standing as she bowed closing the door behind her, this was my chance to meet him, too see if we are now on the same side. I hurried now, my hair was already up in a braid as I took a dark green gown from my wardrobe with a Scottish widow hood handmade by Kylie, it has fabulous sleeves that almost reach the floor, they are trimmed in wine red braiding the neckline and hood of the gown are trimmed in the wine red braiding and it has a corset style closure back with lacing the hood is lined in green satin. To finish off the gown is a medieval styled hip belt for my sword in wine red with a fabulous leaf design in gold. I took my mother's crown she wore at my age when she married father, it was gold with leaf's, last was my sword, I had to be ready for anything. I was ready as I exited my chambers seeing my guard, Willa and Jai with my mother who looks worried. \"Shaylee my child, I am not sure you should be the one to go,\" she said before she reached me. I stood tall, answering her, \"Mother, I am going. Our ally has asked to speak to me, it is my duty to Michael and our great race to meet with this man. I will have my guard, I have been trained, I will be back in this holy place before my wedding,\" I say giving her no room to argue, my words chosen with care as she gazed at me. \"You will be a better Queen than I,\" she placed a small kiss to my forehead \"Be safe,\" she whispered. \"My Queen, we will do all in our power to ensure she stays safe,\" Ophir bowed when Willa spoke \"Shouldn't my son be alerted of his brides leaving?\" she questioned. \"Willa, enough. Gideon might be your baby, but our Princess nor our Queen answer to him, a thought you must remove from your head.\" Jai snapped at his wife. I answered, \"No he will not be told, he will never rule, I will. He will be at my side guiding me but that is all Willa. Is this an issue?\" I asked her my purple eyes boring into hers as the magic rushed over my skin, it was like a living things moving with me as she bowed, it touched her, I needed her to tell the truth. \"No my Princess, I only wanted your marriage to begin with no secrets,\" she only could tell the truth. \"Start with your son, he has been keeping them not I,\" I walked away leaving my mother and Willa behind in my haste to leave. The night air was cool, with a very slight breeze we stand together on the west tower I knew Gideon was close in the right tower, I glance over seeing Gage at the top of the tower watching, shaking his head. \"Follow me Princess, it shall only be three hours before we reach Perth,\" Jai says as we take to the air, my Amethyst Gargoyle form taking over as my wings span is greater than theirs. Day break in Perth… I have roamed this Holy palace, seeing Commander Gideon's old room, I sit at the head of the table while they have their morning meal, conversation was going so fast. Brice was at the end of the table watching me with narrowed eyes. \"I will be leaving in the next few minutes Keziah, yourself and Ophir will go with until I reach his cabin. I will have you wait, after we will leave, we have a wedding to make it too.\" I say as they bowed their heads, the food was different here, I wasn't very fond of it. I pushed my plate away. I move from the table \"Princess, we will also like to send a guard, just until you reach ten miles from him. After I will escort you home for your glorious wedding to my eldest son,\" he boasted as all Gargoyles pounded the tables, yelling in their glee as I flinched at the sheer noise they made. Gideon was right very unruly. \"They are a rough bunch but they are very skilled,\" Ophir smiled his hand on my back \"Your guard is welcome,\" Keziah said as I gave her a nod. We exited the grand hall, Jai showed us a stunning tower over looking lush land, most took to the sky as I followed, my amethyst hard skin shimmered in the sunlight, most look in awe. The tree's pass us by as we fly, the air hitting my face when dead ahead is two Gargoyles \"I will find their reason, Ophir took off faster, as we slowed. Every Gargoyle surrounded me, I watched for a few moments until I see them flying over.\" Once closer I see it was Barachel and Levi, Gideon's minions, they worshipped his skill. \"I am sorry Princess Shaylee, Commander Gideon sent us.\" Barachel said as I raised my hand in frustration, a deep purple bolt struck a tall willow tree causing it to shatter and fall as I sighed. My powers are tied to me, tied to my emotions. I retorted, \"You don't answer to Commander Gideon; you have shamed our Princess. You answer only to our Queen and Princess Shaylee,\" Keziah was protective of me, I looked at them. \"Go, I don't need aid. I thank you for your effort, but I have many already.\" I say my voice cracked like a whip as they looked pained. \"We meant no disrespect, we live to serve, Michael, our Queen and now Princess Shaylee.\" With that they fled back to our Palace. Only when my feet touched the barren ground did I return to my human form \"Stay,\" I said in a firm tone seeing on the horizon his cabin. I walked on until I reached the door, I needed not knock as it opened and in the door frame stood Adam son of Frankenstein. \"Come in,\" was all he said his voice gruff. I find myself sitting \"You're a welcomed sight Adam,\" I smile. \"You're not alone,\" he said back his eyes on my guard far off in the distance. I answered, \"No, that is unwise for me to be so. They are ten miles away, but you don't wish me harm. How have you been?\" I asked his eyes warm and welcomed even though his up front personally suggested otherwise. \"I have been trying to stay out of the battle, but it comes to me.\" he handed me a steaming cup, I sipped tasting lemon tea. \"I will alert the Gargoyles to leave you be, as for the Demons I have no control of them,\" he gave me a look, he was worried. \"I heard them, they are looking for you, for their Prince. I kill all that cross my path,\" I look around many weapons all engraved with the symbol of Michael himself. \"Yes, I have been attacked at my palace. I will never go willingly,\" I smile but he looks angry. He spoke, \"I don't trust your mother to do right by me, the first sign I am not on your side, that I am on mine she would have had Commander Gideon kill me. But you, I trust, shall you ever need my aid I am here, I travel but I am at your side,\" this warmed me like no other. \"I thank you Adam, I welcome you. You have my protection around any Gargoyle, they will not try to harm you. I will also stand at your side,\" I say as we talked for a some time before I rose \"I must take my leave, I am in constant danger, be well Adam son of Frankenstein,\" I placed a kiss to his head before I walked from his home towards the clan waiting for me on the very edge of the forest. I spoke, \"He is to be left to his own devices. He is a good man, if he needs aid then you will aid him. Send word to your clan, this is my order any who disobey will be killed on spot,\" I say my voice taking on a new tone, that of a ruler; of their future Queen. Jai sent many back as we took the long flight home, I enjoyed flying seeing the Ocean below me as it was getting dark, when something entangled around my leg pulling me down at a rapid pace. I flew down not letting them pull me further, as I took my sword cutting the rope, on the ground I landed turning human seeing Demons, but what held me was Brice standing with them. \"Come with me Princess, I have control of this hoard, deny me they will attack,\" he smiled it wasn't pleasant anymore; it was diabolical at best. The other Gargoyles landed beside me. \"My son…what have you done?\" Jai looked destroyed his son turned on his race but I couldn't take the time to stand any longer. \"I will never come with you,\" I said standing tall, my blade out as I readied to defend myself. As my anger grew my hands shook, I focused thinking of fire before seeing it erupt around demons their own blood red fire mixing with the bright purple. Brice attacked as did the remaining demons as my power lashed out. Brice came at me his blade making a loud sound against mine, I turned placing a kick to his chest before raising my hand sending fire at him. The battle was all around us, pillrs of fire erupting. I spoke loud, \"We have killed enough; we must flee we can't count on aid.\" We took to the skies; we are very close. My arm burned as blood dripped blue. We landed half an hour later. Gargoyles rushed over, Ophir picked my form up running to the Ward. \"I must alert the Queen,\" Keziah left as well, I heard Jai \"I must alert my son and wife,\" Commander Gideon's point of view… I sit here with my returned guard, she sent them home with a very firm warning not to cross her again, I was proud but so angry. I would see her in 24 hours, but I sit here worried why was she gone, I should have been with her. It is my job to protect her. Her grandmother sits here chanting with others, I was pure, not pure of mind but pure as in never have I been with another woman. There is no knock just the door bursting open, my father was standing there, blood on his armor as I stood. \"Where is Princess Shaylee?\" his face broke as mother stood fear in her eyes. \"Brice has turned on us all, he joined the Dark Prince in his anger. He attacked Princess Shaylee, she was able to kill many, she fought him but we had to flee with our numbers low. She was hurt, but she will be fine my son. I am sorry, sorry I didn't protect our Princess, my daughter,\" he went on one knee. \"Stand, we need a guard back to Perth, make sure none have turned with him. Even if that means you will not be here at my wedding,\" I say \"We will go as well, our magic can protect him and gain truth from your clan,\" All I could do was watch them leave.[Chapter 16] Hello fellow fanfiction readers and writers, here is another chapter that I hope yall will enjoy! I still don't own anything except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. For outfits and character pictures go check out my polyvore Noellamonster. Thanks for reading and please leave a review! I have started to feel ill after the first 38 hours away from Gideon, so now with another 23 hours until it is okay to see each other and we shall add another four hours until we will be able to see each other at our ceremony. I have yet to see the gown that Kylie has made for this day, it is in the room where I will ready myself with my mother, Keziah, and Kylie, Willow would be with her son. My body has broken out in a cold clammy sweat, I lay in bed. \"You look ill my Princess,\" I barely moved hearing Keziah as she enters my chambers. I answered, \"It happens,\" I say staring off, my room was empty. Ophir and Gage moved my belonging into my new room, bigger, Keziah and Kylie gave me their word it would be to my personal liking. She sits watching me a shirt in her hands \"Here I went and made Gideon give me his personal idem in hope it will help you,\" I smiled the dark top smelled of him, I held it but felt no better, if honest I felt worse. \"Take it, it makes it worse. It's misleading, it smells of him but he is not here,\" \"Your grandmother said once you have bonded this will not happen,\" she said when I scoffed \"That does me no good now, the witch in me wants to see him, be close. Now I will feel even worse by my wedding day,\" I became very frustrated now. \"Aye,\" was all she says, there was not much she could say. Another two hours passed when mother walked in a smile graced her face as she takes a seat on my bed \"My little angel, I wish for only your happiness, you are ill.\" She stroked my wet hair. \"Mother, it's just the un-gargoyle half craves for him, but our rules say we can't,\" I moan moving to my side \"It wasn't always this way,\" she smiled taking her leave as the sun was set. Kylie and Gage brought food since I wasn't to leave this room. Gage looked upon me his eyes worried \"Kylie, how is my gown?\" I asked eating some grapes \"It is finished, it waits for you; it is a medium cream colored,\" she smiled but couldn't tell me anymore. But soon I am alone with hours until my wedding, a day my mother has been planning for years. I open my window letting the cool air enter my room making my way to the arm chair, it wouldn't hurt to rest and try to relax; my hair falling all over the place. It is near one in the morning when my door makes a very small sound, a very tall figure sneaks in, but I knew his smell, my body relaxing finally. He moves closer \"My Princess,\" his voice drifted, he dropped to his knees his hands grip my waist pulling me nearly off the chair. It felt so good when his body was pressed to mine \"The rules don't matter, I needed to see you,\" his voice harsh, he never liked to break our rules but still in times he knew it had to happen. I am just content to let him hold me, but with ease he lifts me carrying me to the bed. I can already feel sleep coming in waves. His body pressed against mine as his fingers moved over my bare arms, trailing up my arm to my neck than through my hair \"Sleep my love, my Princess. Tomorrow you will be my wife, and I your husband,\" I smiled closing my eyes.[Chapter 17] Hello fellow fanfiction readers and writers, here is another chapter of my story for you all to enjoy. As yall know I don't own anything except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. To see character pictures and outfits lease go check and follow my polyvore Noellamonster. Thank you for reading and please leave a review! I wake alone in my bed but his smell is still fresh in the air. Soon, so very soon, the halls will be packed. We will wed where my father wed my mother in the grand chapel, not all will fit, many will cascade into the courtyard until we make our first grand appearance as man and wife atop the grand hall balcony. I move from the warmth of the bed, but not five feet do I make it when the door burst open, my mother smiling as she walked in with Keziah and Kylie rushing behind her. \"Good you have woken; you must have some food while we ready you. Many have returned to this Holy place to bear witness to your grand union. Come now, we make our way to your dressing room,\" my mother has lost all her sense's. I cover myself with my robe as I am rushed from my room, a room one day my own child will sleep in. the halls are decorated with white gloss mere, flowers, and ribbons. All bow to us as we in our haste rush to the dressing room. I am not fit to be roaming halls in my bed clothes, my long blonde hair a mess, not a right fit state for their Princess to be seen in. but for now we walk into the dressing room, the door shut behind us \"Her hair shall be first, so we may fit her dress over it,\" Kylie cut in this was her area. I ate apples, grapes, and cheese while Kylie worked her fingers through the mass amounts of my full hair. I couldn't eat much; the feast tonight would be one to remember. It was already looking stunning, a braid crown with curls and a fish tail braid framed my face as my mother stood in front of me, a dark blue box in her hands. \"I wore this the day I married your father, now you my daughter will wear it when you marry,\" her voice broke, tears filled her eyes. Nestled inside was a Sterling Silver with Blue Zircon gems, she placed the circlet on my head, it rested against my forehead. \"We have thirty minutes until it is time for her walk,\" Ophir and Keziah say together as they watched us. I sit letting Kylie place a minimal amount of makeup on, I was growing more scared by the second. Keziah and Kylie walked over with the gown covered in a silk bag. I stood and turned letting them pull the fabric over me, it was huge. The gown was cream colored with pink, blue flowers adoring it. As my veil was placed, it was time, the sleeve's to my slender wrist. \"Come now, it is time for your last walk as an un-married woman. It gives you time to reflect on the choice you have made, to leave the choice behind and make another.\" This was a silly tradition, but Ophir and Keziah held the doors open as my mother was the first to walk through them in her silver gown, everyone ready for the wedding. I walked next as Kylie made sure my dress didn't bunch up, the train was in place as I walked from the room all eyes on me as I walked to where I would marry Commander Gideon, I need not think if this was the right choice, because I loved him. The halls filled as I walked \"Are you ready?\" mother asked me her face full of love \"I am,\" it would be Ophir who would walk me into Commander Gideon's arms. \"Good, now I will take my place at the altar.\" With another swift kiss she was gone with Keziah. I stood with Ophir until the doors reopened \"My Princess, you have grown into an amazing young Princess. I have been so proud to have watched you grow, your father would also have been proud of the lady you have become.\" I wanted to cry, in fact it was already building up as he gave a hardy laugh. \"Don't fret my young Princess,\" his voice was calm. I wait hearing the harp playing alongside the piano, my arm intertwined with Ophir's when the double doors opened the grand hall was filled wo the brim, white, pink, and blue filled the room. \"It's time,\" he said as Gage and Nat held the doors open wide, both in a bow as we started the wedding march. Left foot, right foot together, something so simple was so bothersome. Through the veil I could finally see him; Gideon was waiting. His armor was shimmering in the noon day sun coming from the stain glass window. His smile was the one I couldn't wait to wake up to. It seemed like an eternity before I stood in front of him. \"Do you Queen Lenore, the humble, the Just, give your Daughter Princess Shaylee of the Gargoyles to Commander Gideon of Perth, Commander of the Queens guard your only daughters hand in marriage,\" High Gargoyle Lukia said his voice old yet it held so much power and demanded respect. \"I don't,\" the room went silent, my heart dropped as Gideon looked beyond devastated at her words. \"I, Queen Lenore, give Commander Gideon the gift of her, she belongs to no man.\" Now she placed my small hands into the much larger ones of my future husbands, I was home. \"I will love her, I will protect her, I will cherish her always as long as we live and even after we ascend to the heavens,\" Commander Gideon took my hands as mother gave him a smile before taking her seat at her throne. \"We have all gathered in the Holy Place to be witness to this great and powerful union. Princess Shaylee of the Gargoyles to Commander Gideon of the Queens Guard,\" was spoken but my eyes stayed locked with the dark green eyes of Gideon.[Chapter 18] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of my story that I hope yall will enjoy. As always I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. To see character pictures and outfits then head on over to my polyvore Noellamonster. Thank you for reading and please leave a review! Edited. \"May your days be blessed,\" was heard, it rang through the air as hand in hand Gideon and I walked to the largest balcony \"May I, Queen Lenore, introduce your future Queen, Princess Shaylee and her new husband Commander Gideon. Let the celebration begin,\" mothers voice was loud and clear as cheers rang loud echoing off the pillars. We stood our hands joined for all to see before the feast began. It felt right to have his hand in mine, we would be joined forever; even after we ascend. I looked up to him, his dark green eyes moved down to me it was as if time had stopped; his lips pressed to mine, I could feel my magic as we kissed for all to see. The cheers became deafening bright purple light surround my husband and I what, looked like silver sparks wet off as we pulled away, his smile was brilliant as he led me from the balcony. \"Now we feast,\" we hear mother, she turned walking behind us with her Guard, but for today Commander Gideon walked at my side. I was happy, my body feeling as if I was floating as he guided me to the massive grand hall where food was laid out as many are entering after us. His hand gentle as he sat me on my smaller throne, he took a normal seat to my left as my mother our great Queen sat on her throne to my right. The celebration was grand as my clan and many others rejoiced, they drink praising my wedding and the divine grace of Michael as Willa danced with her son, my eyes moved with them as he looked at his mother with love as she laughed. \"May I have the pleasure, Queen Lenore?\" Jai bowed low his hand out as my mother smiled placing her hand in his. My mother moved with such grace as they danced, I drank cider not much for wine \"We will be preforming ancient magic tonight, one to help ensure you wake tomorrow with a child resting in your womb,\" my grandmother says as I stand looking at her. I stood tall \"I am grateful that you would do such draining magic for me, but I must decline and ask for your word you will not. Michael will bless us all once again with young ones, we are no one to stand in vein against him,\" she looked torn but she recessed. She touched my face \"Your father would be proud, you have my word,\" she smiled a few tears spilled from her eyes \"Thank you,\" I knew this was a harsh world where we might not have another young one run the halls, but my faith was strong Michael wouldn't abandon us as we continue to do his will and purge this world of the evil here. I danced with Draco next, he was happy that our Princess has found one worthy of her grace. Gage dances with Kylie, she would never be a warrior but a maker of clothes, a skill we couldn't put to waste, her mother very grateful her daughter would be spared that life. My mother tapped her flute glass as all stopped, she had their full attention \"Please all sit, Commander Gideon has a gift for his bride,\" I was helped by Kylie and Keziah as Ophir stood behind as a guard. I watched Gideon take his seat on the polished marble seat of the grand piano, marron cloak pushed behind him as he gave another smile before a new melody played, one I have never heard. It was so entrancing, it was filled with hope, love, happiness, and so many more positive emotions as the hall fell silent as he played, his family looked on in pure awe at him, a skill they must not have known he possessed. I felt the tears welling up as he played \"May I have this dance? I stand in place of your father as he watches from the heavens. It was him who thought me worthy of your protection,\" Ophir held his hand to me, as I set mine in his thunder boomed, the rain was now falling in heavy sheets as my mother smiled tears falling as I stood taking to the dance floor. We dance to the piano my husband played \"It is said when the rain comes on days we celebrate it is a loved one shedding tears,\" Ophir smiled as I cried thinking my father was here in some way, he was here to see me marry his best friend. Once the music stopped Ophir handed me over to my husband for the very last dance, it was near midnight, it was our first dance. He held me close now, as music played, I didn't care we are watched by so very many this was our time, all I could see was him in this time. I was lost in his eyes as he gazed at me, as if he saw me, my soul, my aura and he loved what he saw. \"I love you Shaylee, more than anything or anyone. For me it has always been you,\" his breath hit me, the smell of chocolate, and vanilla from our grand cake. \"For me it has been you, it will always be you, when I close my eyes it is you I see. When I feel lost it is you that leads me back,\" his eyes became glossy as the song ended, I had an idea as I stood away from him. \"I want all female Gargoyles to stand in this circle, not any who have been married.\" They all rushed to do it all smiling as I turned my back to them facing Gideon \"Whomever catches my bouquet will be married next,\" I smiled as they laughed, I tossed it over my body hearing very female screams and laughter. When I turned, Keziah held it firmly in hand, my mother gave her a look. \"I have no issue with marrying my heart and soul,\" Ophir smiled as Keziah launched herself into his waiting arms as cheers and pounding was heard, that was when Gideon and I made our escape. I received a review, a tad angry nothing happened at the wedding. The was never the point, the story isn't over.[Chapter 19] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of my story that I hope yall will enjoy. As always, I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. To see character pictures and outfits then head on over to my polyvore Noellamonster. Thank you for reading and please leave a review! Gideon lead's me through the stone covered halls, his warm hand in mine as he leads me to our room, the one we would share from this day forward. My dress was becoming heavy and hard to move around in as we walked together, our hands joined. \"I love you Shaylee,\" was whispered as I gazed up to my husband \"I love you as well, Gideon,\" I say my voice low and sweet as he let my hand go, his own braced on the double oak doors pushing them open it was magnificent a mixture of both rooms, with silver and midnight blue. \"I will run us a bath,\" he said after closing the doors, a single click was heard telling me he locked them, my stomach was filling with flying creatures, this was my fear. But I squared my shoulders moving into the room, a joined room filled with books, an alcove, my reading chair and his desk, on the other side was another small room filled with his own weapons, on the wall mounted for me to take at my leisure was my blade. \"Come,\" was said from behind me, my dressed nearly knocked the table over as it swept across the floor. \"After we remove the dress Kylie is waiting to take it, it will be cleaned and held with your mothers.\" He smiled coming closer, a very predator like look in his eyes. His fingers moved over the lacing of the back, until the dress was slipping off and I was nearly unclothed next to him, he wasted no time in bending down helping me from the dress, taking it into his arms towards the door as I escaped to the bath chamber where I un-dressed setting them in the large wicker basket. The shoes placed close to it. I was in the hot water filled with Jasmine, Rose and Lavender, the talk mother gave me echoing in my head, we are now husband and wife. We would see each other like no other, be with each other like no other, this was going to happen as I dipped my head under the water as if it could wash the fears from my head. Once above water the door was heard closing soon he stand's in the door way to our personal bathing chamber. He wasted no time in removing his own clothes, they were about to be tossed to the floor \"No, Gideon, please place them in the wicker. Our room shouldn't be like filth,\" I am still un-sure of myself as I talk to my husband who chuckled dropping his personal things into the wicker. I turned away before he removed the last garment a minute later I felt his body sliding in behind my own, dear Michael his very toned naked body was pressed against mine. My head was on his chest as we relaxed but how could I relax? \"This is perfect,\" came from Gideon, his eyes closed, his head back on the cushion \"It is very nice,\" I answered and it was, it was soothing. His hands moved into my hair \"You sound un-sure,\" now his voice was worried \"It is not as such, Gideon. You're a bold man, I don't hold that much boldness, this is very new for me, bathing with another, a man, my husband,\" he chuckled as I frowned at him. \"You think too much over this, you're my wife, I am your husband. This first night will be different but we will cherish each other every night,\" he spoke with such confidence before placing his lips to mine in a searing kiss his hands moving over my bare thighs \"We should wash,\" I pulled away as his eyes held a glint of humor. I washed my legs feeling the soft motions of my husband moving the brush over my back, soon we are finished and ready to leave the tub as it drained. He was the first to move from the tub, I tried not to turn seeing his very male backside, my face flushed as I did turn \"Come love,\" my eyes turned seeing him with my robe in his hands. I gathered all the strength I could as I with grace stood from the tub my hair falling over my breast, Gideon held his palm to me giving me assistance from the large deep tub before wrapping me in the warmth my robe provided. I sat combing through my hair as he lay naked in our bed, I wore pale pink silks when I joined my husband. \"Please don't fear this,\" his voice was so deep, warm but filled with love as his hand touched my face \"Will it hurt?\" a look crossed his face. \"I have heard the first time yes,\" at least he was honest no matter what I would remember this night as his body moved nearly atop mine, as we kissed. My tongue fluttered against his, and his hands were deep in the softness of my hair, and it was like time unspooled around us. His lips so warm and soft moved down until me was kissing my neck, running his tongue over the skin before placing a soft nibble soothing it again with his lips. My body lays naked before him, his eyes moving over every inch before he explores more with his lips, making my body ache with need under him. Once Gideon's motions moved to my bare breast, I was over the edge. His hands slide down my body. His entire form is moving down my figure, disappearing as he shifts downward and suddenly his chest is hovering above my hips; suddenly I can't see him anymore. I can only make out the top of his head, the curve of his shoulders, the unsteady rise and fall of his back as he inhales, exhales. He's running his hands down and around my bare thighs up and up again, up past my ribs, around my lower back and down again, just past my hip bone. His fingers hook around the waist of my underwear and I gasp. His lips touch my bare stomach. It's just a whisper of a kiss but something collapses in my skull. It's a feather-light brush of his mouth against my skin in a place I can't quite see. It's my mind speaking in a thousand different languages I don't understand. And I realize he's working his way up my body. He's leaving a trail of fire along my torso, one kiss after another, and I really don't think I can take much more of this; I really don't think I'll be able to survive this. There's a whimper building in my throat, begging to break free and I'm locking my fingers in his hair and I'm pulling him up, onto me, on top of me. I barely recognized her own voice, low and strained. Every muscle trembled, as much with tension as with bliss, a heavy anticipation that tangled her in knots. He tried to not move as I wiggled under him, the ache, the pain there as he was inside me. \"Shh love,\" his fingers swept the tears as he tried calming me. \"Tell me you love me,\" Gideon groaned moving a little at a time. \"I love you, and only you,\" He rewarded my confession with a long thrust that drove a cry from my throat.[Chapter 20] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of my story that I hope yall will enjoy. As always, I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. To see character pictures and outfits then head on over to my polyvore Noellamonster. Thank you for reading and please leave a review! Before I even can feel my eyes try to flutter open, I feel the soreness aching from varies parts of my still unclothed body. The room was still dark, morning hours away. I just rest with my head placed on his chest. Gideon was still in slumber my finger tracing through the mess of hair on his chest, he had a decent amount but not too much. I breathed in deep trying to relax myself, the aroma of spices, chocolate, Jasmine, and honeysuckle. I move from the warmth of the bed needing to relieve myself, my body ached in places I have never thought it possible to ache, my movements are stiff and uncoordinated. I slipped on my robe, our suite was a little chilled by the coming Winter, it was not logical to lite the fire knowing I was heading back to our shared bed. Soon I walk from our bathing chambers, my body chilled as I slipped in between the covers feeling warmth spread through me. His deep voice made me jump nearly falling from the bed \"Where did you go?\" he asked. \"To the restroom, I don't fully understand your desire to know. You already know I didn't leave the room,\" I say making myself comfortable hearing his grumble from beside me. He answered, \"You're right,\" he relented pulling me closer, my head once again on his chest as his fingers traced invisible shapes into my bare skin. My eyes heavy, the feeling of impending sleep gripped me, this was bliss. Being happy made the days go by, they ticked by like hands of a clock, days turned into years, we have had more peace in this small brief moments. Year 1998… \"My wife, my love. Please,\" I stood in my forest green and cream colored flared sleeved gown, it skirted out as it hit the floor. I paced around our room in my anger, his brother has caused issues in Perth and I was to send Gideon to deal with it, but I was more hesitant with the Dark Prince working alongside him in his endeavors, I turn \"Gideon, times have changed, the world has changed. Your brother has been working beside the dark Prince, we have advanced, yes. But that doesn't ease any of my worries, I am with child, we have been blessed again with the births of young ones. Keziah just days ago gave birth to Julian, a fine little boy, I know it is my duty to send you, but as your wife, the mother of your future child, I don't like this, don't like the situation.\" I snapped. A small round bump protruded from my body, hard to the touch. I have hidden it, my dresses more flowing around the waist but this was about to come to an end. I was growing rounder now, Kylie knew of this child growing inside me. Gideon stood, his dark green eyes boring into mine, \"Shaylee, you're my wife but also my Princess and you will as you have always done, by doing right by our race, and to Michael himself. I will return, I will come home to you and our un-born child,\" he promised, his lips pressed to my forehead as I let out a sigh. He was right. \"Go then, but take the very best with you.\" I ordered and with a simple bow he turned placing his armor on, it glimmered in the morning sun. I knew Terra would be coming to give me a update and it was best if my husband was away while I met with her. I had a few human spy's all rather well connected, it was easier to gather information and use our recourses well. I have made strong advancement in the clan leaders eyes, with every raid, every hoard taken out. I walk from our room with my arms entangled in Commander Gideon's, he would soon leave to collect my mother as I sit for breakfast. He spoke, \"I will meet you in a few my love,\" as he placed a gentle kiss to my lips his hand rested on the womb our child rested in, his fingers moving ever so softly. I watched him walk from me for a moment before turning, smelling the lingering aroma of bacon being cooked, fruit and links. I hurried a little, I was famished. The dining hall was filled as I took my seat next to Ophir and Keziah who held Julien in her arms as I held mine out for her child. \"Of course, you may,\" Keziah set her son into my arms, he had her dark brown swirling eyes, but his father's hair, with little ringlets, he looked even days old to have an even mixture of his parents. Keziah and Ophir eat while I care for their little one, the doors re-open as all stand but myself. My mother in her periwinkle blue silk gown walked into the room, the room filled with the scent of respect, admiration. I sit giving her a smile, her eyes held so much wisdom and love, love for me, love for her people. The smell of citrus and honeysuckle surround me as she sits in her throne next to me, her arms out for her turn. Julian was the first young one to this clan. \"No,\" I say as my mother looked taken back, I backtracked, I was shamed. I smiled, \"I just need another moment,\" my voice pleading, she smiled sipping from her goblet as my husband chuckled, my eyes narrowed. \"Gideon, come please,\" now he couldn't refuse as his body moved walking over. He gave me a look, \"Yes my Princess,\" \"Here hold Julian,\" now he looked shocked, but as an order he couldn't refuse, he could but it wouldn't bode well for him. He held his arms as I stood placing Julian into his arms, as every Gargoyle watched this. He held the baby with so much care but so awkward at the same time, but he gazed at this tiny little Gargoyle. My mother took pity on her lead guard and took the infant into her arms, cradling his head in the crook of her arms. I watched this, she gave small little bounces as she glided along the floor, I tried watching mother and Keziah at every turn to gain knowledge. \"I have to go now, my love. Be safe while I am gone.\" It was a warning not to do anything foolish in his absence, but I mostly would. But in very bad timing I vomited, it covered my husband, his eyes traveled down but he didn't look upset. As a few laughed before turning them into coughs. \"Now we must tell them,\" he whispered placing a kiss to my head before turning to the full hall. \"Please everyone, I have news.\" the room was silent as my mother sat looking pale and worried over my illness. Gideon's voice boomed, \"Princess Shaylee is with child,\" his voice so proud as his hands rested on the round bump where our child rested. The hall erupted in an ear splitting sound as Gideon moved in front of me as if he needed to protect me. My mother was the first to me \"My child,\" her eyes filled with tears, as her hands found the round bump \"Your father would be so happy,\" she looked beyond happy at having a grandchild. Gideon, that man boiled my blood, he used the distraction of alerting my pregnancy to change and depart to Perth.[Chapter 21] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of my story that I hope yall will enjoy. My beta has been at her boyfriend's house and geeking out. As usual I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. To see outfits and character pictures head on over to Polyvore Noellamonster. Thanks for reading and please review! Now that my beloved husband has alerted our clan, my mother the Queen of my delicate condition, never was I alone. A guard was with me as I walked but they can't come any further, this meeting was between Terra and I. \"Stay, this does not concern any but myself.\" My voice firm and full of my birth right. Terra was already here the smell of chamomile and grass filled the air in the small chamber on the ground floor. They looked ready to go against me in this but thought better of themselves. I could walk into the chamber alone seeing Terra lighting a candle \"Thank you for coming,\" my voice low as Terra turned her blonde hair shorter, her face paler the stresses she faces are a struggle. But she smiled still \"No thank you, Princess Shaylee. Naberius plans to attack this place in days' time, he wants a book and yourself, he needs me to create host for his lost demons,\" I sit my hands braced on my round belly, this was very upsetting as I pounder how to alert mother. I knew the book he was in search of one that by one days passing would be burned and no longer able to cause havoc in its wake. \"Thank you, Terra. We will be ready and the book I will destroy myself, it should have never been kept. You look frazzled, please sit,\" she was so brilliant and a benefit to our cause and her own. \"I was attacked last night, I am well. But I was lucky to be saved by a man, his name was Adam. He sends his regards,\" she smiled as I gave a small laugh. If he was here, the time was now \"Adam has returned, that means the war is here and now. You will play a role as will I, but will we be strong enough for our duty.\" I mused as she held her palm over her larger swollen belly. Terra retorted, \"You must take care, must think of the young one that grows in you.\" And she was right. Time passed as we talked, and when the door flew open and Gideon stood looking rather demented himself, his nostrils flaring with his rich scent of chocolate and spices mixing with the chamomile of Terra was very relaxing. \"Hello, my husband. Did you feel the need to enter in such a manor while I am in consul?\" Commander Gideon was this force, a force to recon with but he would not cross me on this day. He answered, \"I am sorry, my love. I was worried over your prolonged absence,\" but I knew he was very, as Terra said, 'On the fence' about her. Gideon had no real love for humans, and his past had us a part for nearly a year. \"Of course, you were. But as you see I am well, Terra shall you need me, use the orb and I will come,\" Ophir escorted her out sensing no demons are near. I stand as my husband walks closer and my temper snapped. \"Gideon, if you so much as act in such a manor again, that lost year will look like a cake walk,\" \"Shaylee, you should not put so much trust into this human,\" his voice carried, his tone was condescending as it normally was concerning Terra. We walked together but his own pride was getting in the way of this war. Gage was making his way towards us, his face set in a frown \"Adam, son of Frankstein has returned and is with the Queen,\" I smiled. \"Good, I will meet him.\" My voice firm but yet again Commander Gideon opened his mouth. \"You will do no such thing,\" within a second he was against the wall, held by invisible ropes his face turning purple very fast, Gage held back from us, his eyes worried. \"You will never tell me what I shall do. I am the Princess, not you Commander Gideon, you're my husband, sadly not a job you want to keep,\" my words echoing as I leave him panting on the floor. Ophir soon joined me as we walked to my mother's counsel room, the room I was under the impression she would be in. Ophir opened the door and inside was Adam and my mother, and two of her guards all eyes on me when I entered. Mother smiled \"Adam, it has been long. But you look very dashing,\" giving him a hug, placing a kiss to his forehead. \"Princess, I was just leaving, your mother has not grown wise in all this time. The war is here and a friend needs protection,\" \"Terra is under my protection, Adam.\" He looked shocked but not too much my scent was all over her. But my mother eyed the door, where I could smell my husband \"As you're under it as well. Michael help the one who crosses me…\"[Chapter 22] Hello readers, if my chapters seem messed up I am sorry, I am going through something and hope it doesn't affect my writing. I own nothing about Sky High, other than new character's I made. Thank you for reading. Please review…. I loved this woman, she was my life her and our unborn child, I was told to take out Adam but now her mother was having second thoughts as her daughter made her allegiance known. But Adam was a creature not fit to walk this earth, I was willing to do as my Queen asked of me by killing him. Shaylee would forgive me in time, but this was not a fact I was certain of, she was protective and fierce her pregnancy only made it worse. She moves across the room her mixed blue and green gown moving across the floor as she made her way to me as I sit, her eyes so deep and a hint of a challenge lingering. \"Are you well?\" my voice deep and husky as she moves closer still. A small smile tugs at her lips, \"I am well,\" her simple words not calming me, her tone was withdrawn and short, I prayed she would forgive me in time for doing what we must. She was near her term, our child coming soon she should be resting but she rather be stubborn going against her mother, on some mission to protect that creature and his girlfriend. I stand her scent filling me, the sweet smells of honeysuckle and cinnamon, her hand felt perfect in mine as I lead her to the dining hall for her to have nourishment, her mother would be waiting along with Princess Shaylee's guard. Her soft voice pulls me from my thoughts, as it always does \"I have forgotten something, Please, go to the hall. I will meet you in minutes,\" her face gave no room to make an argument, I disliked this very much she was plotting against her people, in her eyes she was under the impression her knowledge of things made her actions correct. But she still must obey her mother our great Queen. But with a bow of my head she braced her hand on my face, placing a small kiss before walking back to our chambers as I only moved a little further down the hall, waiting for her return. I couldn't live without her, she was my world she filled each day with laughter and love, now she was giving me a child, a rare and blessed child would come soon. Even as I wait she does not return, as I hurry to our chambers she is not there. \"Damn you, Shaylee,\" I curse, my strides long as I enter the great hall seeing her next to her mother, even as her eyes turn to me, a smirk in place her eyes bright, she has done something, something we would not approve of. \"You shall not follow me, Husband,\" now her eyes turned cold as her mother looked more worried of her coming betrayal to her angel, her daughter. I answered her, \"Princess, you're crossing lines. You should know your place,\" the tone was all wrong, I never meant it to come across in such a manor. Her eyes flashed as she glared at me Keziah was the first to her aid, her friend and protector with her husband behind her. Keziah was a formattable woman in combat \"You shall never talk to our Princess in such a manor. You have brought nothing but shame to your role as her husband and our future Queen. You don't own her,\" I stood. I moved \"I meant no disrespect to our Princess, and my wife, Keziah. I just wish she was more like her mother, with only the thought of her people at hand,\" Shaylee stood so fast for being so round, \"And I do not? I just have more information, and less judgmental issues factoring in. You both rather kill and be done when the war is at our own door step, Adam and Terra are key players and you plot.\" she was very angry as she stormed out leaving us all silent. She was very logical, very blunt, she was so much more than her mother. I only wished she saw things like her mother and me. The problem was she vanished from this Holy place, her scent was gone as well in her anger she left un-protected as I endured the wrath of her guard, Keziah and Ophir both knew I and her mother are to blame for her sudden exit, I fumed sending few out to try and locate her she would no doubt be wondering the city, a thing she liked to do occasionally. She has also become fascinated with the human's favorite dish, Pizza. Hours and with darkness falling she had not come home, her mother and I frantic. But it was well noted she was thick headed and temperamental in her last days of carrying our child. Gage comes to me, his face red \"Come, demons are advancing on the palace,\" damn, it. Shaylee was gone and now this… Shaylee's point of view… I stood watching street performers, so fascinating and silly at times. Tossing a pure gold coin into the hat before walking away, having eaten some Pizza. Seeing the vast city and all the advances it has made is reassuring all that we fight for is worth it all. My husband and Mother will soon find out the book written from the hand of Frankstein, detailing his experiment and the creation of Adam was burned on the table it rested, it will now never fall into the Dark Princes hand. I of course would be in trouble for it, but in the end, it was what was right a book like that should have been destroyed centuries ago. It is dark now, I should have returned long ago, I carried my sword always but never have I been attacked. I looked like some freak walking in such a gown, my round pregnant belly showing proudly. I would go see Adam before heading back to my home, knowing all would be worried about my abrupt departure. The clouds were rolling in, I once wished to be the Queen my mother was, now all I wish is to be a better Queen one who isn't held back by her fears, indecisions. The sound of glass shattering filled my eyes, the sound of men fighting as I see a sight that stops my heart, my husband ready to jump from an open bay window as Adam lays on the roof of a now crushed automobile. I fly with greater speed than any Gargoyle alive as Gideon land's ready to kill Adam, but the sliver in his hand could mean the death of my husband, a man I was devoted to, loved beyond all reason. The father to our child. But I couldn't let either man die at the hand of the other as I land with a groaning metal sound Gideon's blade clashed against mine. Adam moved behind me \"Damn you Shaylee,\" but with little effort I launched a counter attack, kicking him from me, his body flying ten feet back. As I gaze up mother is watching from the roof of a building. \"Go now Adam,\" it was seethed between clenched teeth, he needed to get to Terra and I and my husband would be having a very verbal fight.[Chapter 23] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of my story that I hope yall will enjoy. As usual I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. To see outfits and character pictures head on over to Polyvore Noellamonster. Thanks for reading and please review! I was not one to trifle with, and in this state my husband should have backed off. But his sword clashes against mine \"Shaylee, how could you interfere in this, it was an order handed down by our Queen?!\" this only enraged me further. He made no move to end this battle, I was his wife and he betrayed me. I kicked him dead in his chest sending him skidding back, our clan coming as mother looked on in fear. Fear, her own daughter going against her, going against her husband. \"I don't answer to her, I don't answer to you. How dare you both try and kill Adam, he was under my protection!\" I made a small move, my body going under his left side my blade going across his back. He fell to his knees, with a grunt and narrowed eyes, I watched the guards land and move towards me. Kylie, Keziah, and Ophir landed in front of me taking a protective stance. My head turned to my mother, who looked on in fear at the battle raging below her. Her great clan at odd's with each other, over her orders challenged her daughter. I call to her, \"You as my Queen, as my mother should have not crossed me. Adam and Terra are under my protection. You as Queen are to value that not turn against me,\" with that I was gone heading towards Adam and Terra. The smell lingered leading the way to them, it mixed with the foul odor of demons. I should have known where Terra was being held, where Adam was off to but the pain of the contractions and my own hurt from being betrayed by those I loved. The demon-prince Naberius, who was disguised as a human billionaire businessman Charles Wessex, and his right-hand man, Dakar. Wessex has employed scientists Terra Wade, to conduct experiments with reanimated corpses, and sends a group of demons led by his most formidable warrior, Zuriel, to attack us, the gargoyles' cathedral to have me as his bride. Terra alerted me many times of his plans, but not even she knew of it all. I tried many times to convince mother of the deeds going on here and now the war ends here, she was a fool. Adam must have then followed Zuriel to the Wessex Institute, the scent is over whelming; I must be careful, we must sneak in but when I glance down the place looks to be filled with a large hoard of demons ready to fight. Keziah looked down at the hoard shaking her head \"Does not look to bad,\" Kylie looked faint as she peered over, Ophir cracked his knuckles before grabbing his blade. His voice like rough rocks flowing down a rushing river \"We fight,\" he was right we had no choice. But before our eyes Gargoyles rained down in vast numbers, at the lead is my mother and husband, my eyes meet the dark ones of my husband before my feet hit the cobbled stone ground inside the institute. I yelled to my own guard \"Help them fight, I have other issues to deal with,\" with that and the smell of burnt flesh as many demons descend back to hell where they belonged. The institute was a warm building with good cultural design but what was really lurking below was filled with horror. This is where I learn that Naberius plans to recreate Frankenstein's experiment and use thousands of reanimated corpses as hosts for souls of the descended demons. The demons will be able to return from Hell if they have soulless bodies to possess. The cavern is deep, it descended thousands of feet underground, these poor soulless humans, used as puppets by the dark one. I can't waste time this must end, this must end for the sake of my child and the humans, dead and alive. I walk hearing the cries of Terra, my feet moving faster until I see Adam trying with his all to protect her from Zuriel and the Dark Prince himself, in human form. I move not being able to be hidden for much longer, there look to be two other guards, lower ranked demons helping hold down Terra and Adam. My voice rings clear \"You have crossed lines none shall ever do again, Dark one,\" my body moving on its own, I was scared but this was what I and every gargoyle are born for. Naberius smiled, sick and twisted as it was, my blood curdling at the sight. His eyes perked up seeing me walking willingly into the fray \"My Princess, come to join me?\" his voice was bitter sweet, it made my stomach churn as the pain became so much worse, my child was coming and here I stand. I wanted to screamed but made no move to \"You're a fool, Naberius. You are a dark and un-holy creature, you killed my father and now you will pay,\" I was skilled but he was older with centuries more on this Earth than me. I would die to try and get revenge on the creature who killed my father, the man who made sure my mother was alone. Adam was going to have to take on the three and protect Terra while doing so, I had a single goal in mind. \"Adam, my friend. You are left to deal with Zuriel and the others while protecting Terra. I will deal with this so called Dark Prince,\" I acted strong but was feeling weak as my time came closer to bare this child. Moving forward towards danger, but this was what was needed my mind kept the chant up a world without the dark prince was needed. I moved my heart racing, \"Grant me the strength Michael, may I always carry your favor inside me,\" I say advancing on the Dark Prince, my sword ready as he chuckled moving back. He taunted me thinking me weak and un-able to take him. Naberius takes his true demonic form and activates the machine. Time has now been cut very short as I will the power that is now in me, sending bright purple flames down burning the bodies each lighting up, no screaming, but demons will take control of the ones my fire has yet to reach, I send more but it drains me, and nearly cost me. I am knocked down, and he is on me as I use the hilt of my blade smashing it into his nose, moving to my feet, his sword is made of something evil as mine glows bright blue, it looks to have a heart beat as the light beats to it. I advance as the battle goes on around us, now I hear the screaming \"They die,\" I laughed as Naberius looked down before he brings his sword close to my round belly, the pain was more than I could bare now falling to my knees. He looks to be smirking \"Oh, is it time to bare his child, my dear? Now you will watch as I kill his child as he killed my wife and unborn. But you my dear will be mine,\" I jumped up my sword in his chest, when I saw it all around me are blue glowing symbols, the gargoyle symbol the one of Michael. I pulled the blade down making the first of three marks as he chuckled, knocking me into the wall. My body making a sick sound before I slide down, my world is turned upside down with pain and dizziness. The symbols pulsed as I crawled hearing the wailing of the damned screaming as the purple fire reached them, the machine need to be shut down, now. \"Terra kill the machine,\" I cried pulling myself up once more, Adam was out numbered again, the yelling of Gargoyles rang in my ears as they try and advance. I rushed Naberius as his attention was sorely focused on Terra while she did all in her power to disable his machine, another slash was made, his blade burned as it made harsh and brute contact with my side, I moved away gaining my balance. I raised my hand sending him back his arms pinned to the far wall by purple ropes. My breath could not come, the pain flared again, no time leaving before another pain flared. Terra rushed to my side as my water broke, my knees buckling as Terra took a dagger trying to protect me, but she was not yet a match for them. I screamed my powers lashing out at demons turning them into pillars of flame, descending them. This was to much the pain was like nothing I have ever felt. \"Terra my child, \" there was no time my scream's mixed with Naberius's as he tried to free himself from my magic. \"Adam, hurry. Push Shaylee, come on I can see hair, a light brown head of hair. \" Terra was smiling her head bobbing down between my legs as I cried and pushed this miracle into the world, to protect and find her own to love. It felt like an eternity but a mere few minutes passed. The pain flared before the one even ended, now I lost control of the hold I had on the Dark prince, he stalked forward snarling at us while he advanced. \"Again,\" I pushed feeling this being wiggled from my womb, hearing a loud shrill scream, my child was here. I could smell the blood as Terra's voice was filled with pride, \"A girl, Shaylee. A little Princess,\" I glanced at her eyes, tiny but round amethyst eyes look back at me, her cries stop. I cry now, \"Take her, take her to her father. He will protect her,\" Terra looked torn but ran from the battle my angel in her arms, my angel covered in my own blood would be safe with her father. Naberius overpowers me soon after, one more mark and he dies but he tries to have one of the demon spirits possess me while I am weak, I can feel the demon trying to invade me as I pray to Michael, not for me but for my child to grow and love, learn our ways. A rage filled cry and then nothing, my body glowed blue, I could be tainted even with my soul, I could not let his Queen who was far worse than he come back, with my final breath, I pulled my blade from my chest sending it flying across his abdomen, his breathing became fire as he was descending. My voice was low as my body was racked with pain, it would fade soon, \"Go back to hell, may my father rest in heaven knowing I sent you back there for him.\" I covered my eyes as he turned to a ragging inferno as he descended back to his home. I could hear Adam in the distance, but he would never make it to me, I was ascending I raised my hand sending him further from me, to a safer spot where he stood a chance of escape. I welcomed Michael to take me home as I closed my eyes as the building falling around me.[Chapter 24] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of my story that I hope yall will enjoy. As usual I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. To see outfits and character pictures head on over to Polyvore Noellamonster. Thanks for reading and please review! Gideon's point of view... My sword clashes with that of my Princess, my love, my life, my wife. Her eyes narrowed as I yelled \"Shaylee, how could you interfere in this, it was an order handed down by our Queen?!\" my voice broken but filled with my own rage. I was so focused, so angry I never saw her foot until the pain flared across my chest as I flew back into a car, that woman was mine. Her voice rang clear \"I don't answer to her, I don't answer to you. How dare you both try and kill Adam, he was under my protection!\" she was so angry as her smaller body dodged mine moving with such grace under me, it wasn't until the burn flared had I understood she used her small blade to gash open my back, she didn't want me dead just hurt as I fell to my knees, looking up at her, a stunning vision my wife was. More Gargoyles rained down, many more than understood stood with Princess Shaylee, than with their Queen Kylie, Keziah, and Ophir landed in front of my wife taking a protective stance. Shaylee's head turned to her mother, who looked on in fear at the battle raging below her. Her great clan at odds with each other, over her orders challenged her daughter's. I stood before going to her mother's side as much as it pained me to do so, she was my Queen. \"You as my Queen, as my mother should have not crossed me. Adam and Terra are under my protection. You as the Queen are to value that not turn against me,\" then Shaylee and her own army left, taking to the air as the rest came to us. Queen Lenore let the tears fall \"I have wronged her, we must follow and aid them. She is right the war is here, we should have taken the advice of the human Terra,\" then like her daughter she flew high into the night sky, a beckon of light in white marble. We follow and a mere few minutes later see Shaylee in all her glory on the roof top looking down, she would fight her way in, passed the infestation of demons if she must. I turned to our clan \"Kill them all,\" I didn't wait for our Queen to issue the order, she gave me a nod as I lead them into battle, our birth right. I watched her, her eyes boring into mine as we rained down, she walked into the building alone. I could not follow, the battle was raging now, even the Queen had joined making it harder as I guard her at all times. \"Gideon of Perth, future King of the Gargoyles. Have you come to die,\" I turn seeing an old foe, I have killed the Dark Princes, Wife and unborn demon, but this man I killed his entire clan leaving him a shell. Maybe demons loved something. My voice deep and filled with emotion \"It will not be I who dies tonight. It has been far too long, I shall send you to see your demon family,\" this had him in a hate filled rage. As his body rushed mine, but I was ready as I moved in the last second ducking my head under his arm, my right arm going up my hand latching on to his neck slamming him with enough force the earth cracked under us. I tossed his form into the wall, my blade protruding from another as I advanced on the one I hate. He was the demon, the same who killed my little sister before she had the chance to live, the chance to stop aging and learn to fight. I was at a Ball when this happened, I should have been there but I can't regret it I found Shaylee. He laughed \"Kill me, it does not matter for I will raise again. Your little sister, she cried before I killed her. She did not beg for mercy, she didn't beg for me not to kill her. She cried muttering she only wished to see you once more,\" my heart shattering, Halo please forgive me. I screamed in rage, many looked to me as I plunged my dagger in his neck watching darkness that was hidden in his eyes leave until he was engulfed in red flames. I wanted to fall bury my head in my hands, Halo was gone and now Shaylee was in that building alone. But this fueled me as I lunged to my feet fighting killing all that crossed my path, her mother, her guard and myself fought our way into the first floor of the building. The ground shook, as I covered Queen Lenore with my own body as part of the ceiling fell, it might have dislocated my shoulder, but we surged on when the human Terra rushed from a hall, covering something with her own body, a dagger in her hand as she lashed out at a demon who turned into flames. Crying was heard, a small cry that of something small. Terra looked at each of us before we all noticed the infant wrapped in a jacket nestled safe in her arms, Terra was covered in cuts and blood, the infant was covered in blood. I backed away from her, where was my wife? Terra staggered forward as Kylie and Keziah took her arms as she handed our Queen the bundle \"Shaylee, she had her daughter. She said for Gideon to protect his daughter. Shaylee ordered me to take her to him, she was fighting Neberus as Adam was taking on his demons, she killed the host for the newly raised demons. Gideon, please take your child,\" Terra managed to say before she fainted, Kylie took her. Kylie spoke in a fierce tone \"I am taking her to the healers at the holy place, she has earned our trust and help,\" with those words she flew with Terra curled in her strong arms to our home, to be healed. Queen Lenore spoke as the walls shook \"Gideon take your daughter, do as your wife asked, my daughter, our Princess. I will go forward, your job as my guard is to listen to me. Go with your daughter,\" I had no choice as this small thing was placed in my arms. \"NO,\" I yelled. I have never defied my Queen \"No, I have to get to Shaylee. Keziah and Ophir take our new Princess to be cleaned and dressed, she needs to be fed. I can't leave without my love,\" I left them there watching me as I rushed into the hall as it was already crumbling around us. Lenore spoke close to me \"Finally you go against me, we must save Adam as well. \" once we reached the glass hall Adam much faster than possible, the purple surrounding him smelled of Jasmine and honey that of my wife, I moved on my body knocking falling bricks from me as I see the blue light pouring from her chest I stumble now, flying back as a massive section of the falling roof cut me off from her. But still I surged on climbing over but Shaylee was gone the blue light gone, my life over. I screamed, in pain, hate, anger, fury, sadness every emotion poured into that bellow. I cried the tears like hot trails running down my face, I didn't want to live without her, how could I now. I was being hauled back by Gage and Neil, even as I stumbled to my feet the Queen was in Adams arms, not able to walk her wails of despair too much. We won the war for now, but at the coast of a few of our great race and our beloved Princess. My reason for existing, my love, was gone.[Chapter 25] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of my story that I hope yall will enjoy. As usual I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. To see outfits and character pictures head on over to Polyvore Noellamonster. Thanks for reading and please review! I sit in just my pants as Isadora slept in her cradle, it was only days after her death, I felt worse each day. There was no coming back to some half-life without her, I could never act as Queen Lenore, a shell. She has only come and seen Isadora dressed in black silks. We do not feel she will make a recovery this last death pushed her over the edge, she adored her granddaughter but she was a shell now moving from one task to another. Keziah and Ophir taking her death just as hard, but here I sit not able to sleep and she should wake soon, she will need food before a change and back to her slumber. She looked like an angel, so very similar to her own mother on the day of her birth, her eyes the very same as her mother, her hair a light brown an even mix of her mother's and mine, her body so small. My little angel, this love was so different it consumed me, but the void was like a blackhole sucking everything good from me. When I held her memories of holding her mother flashed, I struggle with my life now, but for now I rise and leave the room having to have a bottle of her milk ready and warm, she would scream if it was no so. My bare feet touch the cold floor on the kitchens seeing Keziah doing the same her son in her arms, her eyes bore into mine. A small smile lit her sons face, he would be wise to stay away from my Isadora. She must sense this her words low \"They are a tad young, Gideon. Don't fret so soon about my son sweeping Princess Isadora off her feet, give it many years,' she smiled leaving, but as I the now warm bottle she turned to me. Her eyes filled with tears \"It has always been you, Gideon. For her it was you, the way she would look at you, by Michael she was in love with you for years.\" Then she left leaving me there, my eyes burned with the unshed tears as I walked the halls, the warmth made nothing better. Shaylee should still be here with her family, she was so powerful but she used her all her everything to ensure our daughter had peace, it wouldn't last but for now we had peace. She avenged her father, saved the humans, made sure our daughter was safe before she died even if it was too soon. When I reach my chambers, small frantic whimpers are heard as I rush in the smell of her was contained in the room, her clothes still hung, her things still out and they would stay that way, her amethyst eyes brighter with her tears, they didn't ease with me holding her. I place her small body down for a nappy change. She could really move as I moved her with gentleness from her blankets, I made quick work of this because her wails of hunger woke Gargoyles in the dead of night. She was soothed as I placed the nipple of her bottle into her mouth, her little lips reached for it she knew it was there, I rock her like Queen Lenore showed me. She watched me the entire time, like she was judging me. My voice low but deep all the same \"Isadora, my little Princess. Your mother she was my everything, I messed up with her, did things she couldn't really forgive. But I loved her, I still do nothing will change that we were destined for one and another. She loved you, she saved you, she saved us all. I should have listened to her, I was wrong on so many accounts, now your mother is gone.\" My hand reaches out taking the picture of Shaylee and I, I had allowed Terra to capture this on her camera and Shaylee used her favorite frame, it was pure silver the design was of vines intertwining. I showed our daughter, her small hand actually moved touching her mother, then she was asleep, but for now it was enough as I burped her, placing her into her blankets before she was back in her cradle and I in my bed for a few hours of sleep. I tried to sit up, my body fatigued the sun was just rising bringing in the aroma of food from the kitchen \"I don't think I can do this much longer,' I mumble to myself when I jumped up. Queen Lenore was rocking Isadora, her voice made me jump up \"Cannot do what?\" her blue eyes dull, but the way she held her granddaughter was proof Shaylee was still with us in some form. \"Live, my Queen. Living is beyond what I am capable of, I miss her. She died a great death, but she should be here letting us plead for her forgiveness,\" her mother understood. The Queen's face was paler by the day, \"Shaylee was taken from me, she should be her nursing her daughter. I rather it be me gone than her, it is not fair, Gideon. She was supposed to go last, I have been ready and willing to go before her, it was my job not as her Queen but her mother. We are ready to go before our child, I failed her, we didn't protect her, we didn't listen to her. She was wise beyond her years, living, ruling is now a task not a passion,\" her voice was lacking it used to be so full of her passion for her people, but with this death there was no recovering. Isadora was dressed in a light pink gown, a bonnet on her head \"This was Shaylee's when she was new to this world,\" Queen Lenore smiled down at the happy little Princess, the white slippers being placed on her tiny feet. \"I remember it was so long ago, but I remember this dress on her. She refused the bonnet, her hair much more than Isadora's,\" I smiled taking my daughter into my arms, my other hand to my Queen, I was her guard always, I was still Commander. We leave my chambers as Isadora coo's, we walk down the long halls, Gage and Hale come to their station to help guard our Queen. The first week she was gone was hard, but the first few months proved to be more and more harsh, Isadora was growing at two months she was a sight to behold, her eyes always searching for something we couldn't see, her hands reaching out for something unseen, Queen Lenore only lived for her as was I, there was nothing left for us. She was less fussy at two months of age, I hated the fact she liked the in-human Adam and his future bride Terra, but I leave it. Adam showered her with gifts from around the world, I was a voided shell.[Chapter 26] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of my story that I hope yall will enjoy. As usual I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. To see outfits and character pictures head on over to Polyvore Noellamonster. Thanks for reading and please review! I was angry, I gave my life for this; to roam these forsaken halls for all eternity watching the ones I loved fall into despair, our great race feeling the effects of a simple death. We are far greater than that. My daughter, a true vision Isadora was, her eyes so like mine, she was beyond all this life and death, she ascended all the mundane things; at least in my eyes. At time's I would sit next to Gideon watching his stumble in her care, my hand on his shoulder as Isadora would coo reaching out to me, reaching but I could never grasp her, I tried multiple times. I laughed watching Gideon's anger at Isadora's adoration of Adam, Terra watching very close to me a smile graced her face, a long scar now covered her right cheek. My mother, her torment plagued me like another blade to the chest, she does not sleep, hardly eats but her love for Isadora at least keeps her going. But in her daily duty it lacks her passion and wisdom, it has all been my fault, I was never what they needed me to be. Months have gone by, Isadora is such a blessing to all who come near her, showered in small trinkets from around the world, suitors already coming, all small ones but Gideon makes sure all understand it will be her choice as it was my choice once, his daughter will marry whomever she loves. Why am I here? Time means nothing, I do not eat nor do I sleep, it is endless days all tied together, like my own form of torment seeing their lives in this void. I sit in my old room looking out at the ocean, no people mill around they are never shown to me, just when I leave this room do I see anyone, this room is something more. My voice tired \"Why am I here? What have I done to warrant this treatment, to see those I love living some form of destroyed life. My daughter reaches for me and I cannot hold her as I should. My husband with his own death written in his Green eyes, how long will his resolve hold? MY MOTHER IS IN PAIN, SHE HAS LOST SO MUCH!\" the anger rolled off in waves, like a purple tidal wave smashing everything left here, glass smashing into the stone walls. My old bottle of perfume smashed to the ground as I stood but my fingers drifted over the mess when the door finally opened and their stood Keziah a look of pain on her face. She moved into the room looking around with narrowed eyes, her face pale. \"This room was barred shut, none could have entered, this is new.\" I knew they locked this room, a very painful memory it was. I bent down she was my best friend why are they being tormented by my lingering presence, it would still happen but here I am baring witness to it all. She falls to her knees \"Shaylee, my friend, my little one. Not a day goes by, not a single day that we don't mourn you. Taken far too soon, you were wise beyond us all, so brave. You name is legend now, but it does not help the pain of you going home to our father Michael. But I am selfish you should be here with your daughter and your insufferable husband, your mother our Queen is fading.\" The pain washed over me as my anger mixed with pain, my hand touched her face, but this time she felt it her eyes watered as she jumped back \"Shaylee,\" she murmured. Soon enough she was gone. A new voice came, a voice I have never heard \"Finally you have made contact,\" when I turn, I see a man with long brown hair, eyes a dark shade of Gray a smile that seemed familiar graced his face. I asked, \"Who are you?\" He answered \"I am your father, Shaylee. I was waiting for you to make contact, you haven't moved on, you have so much unfinished business. You weren't supposed to die, my child,\" I keep my distance, I see me in him, the shape of my eyes, my bone structure he moves, \"I have watched over you from our heaven, a place I am not ready to take you. I was surprised to see you married to my best friend, a fool, but a good man. We have little time, my child you must go back. Michael has granted this, you have fulfilled his dreams, the war is over but another always lingers. You have united humans, our kind, and that of the puzzle man as Michael calls him, for all your deeds you are going back. Make use of this life, your daughter, my granddaughter is everything, tell your mother, I wait for her always,\" This was all too much to take in, I was being given another chance \"Thank you, Father and above all thank you Michael.\" I had no real words this immense feeling encased me as everything faded. It was such a light airy feeling as if I was flying the colored lights danced before my eyes. Then nothing…until screaming was heard.[Chapter 27] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of this story that I hope you guys will enjoy. As usual I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. Thanks for reading, please leave a review! Gideon's point of view… My dreams are in chaos when I finally close my eyes, it is always me who lands the killing blow to my wife, my little sister watches on in horror. I bring death, it lurks around me. Everyone I care for dies, disappears, leaves me. I should leave this place, take little Isadora with me, raise her safe and away from the heart ache that lingers here. But I knew this could never happen, I stay alive for her and my Queen who is in such despair no matter the amount of day's that pass us. Some days are better than others but all are only livable because of Isadora, my little angel. She was the center of my life, to think she chose me to be her father, the way she looks at me is like I hold all the answers to her questions. I was so tired… I bathe to help myself relax but it never comes but small whimpers do as dawn comes as well, she wakes for her morning meal. I dry and clothe myself ready to start another day. She is calmer now in the early morning, she lays still while I dress her, changing her nappie, the smell was worse day by day as she grew. I knew this was not fair to my daughter for us to be going through the motions, lacking the emotional backing to them, she was my world now. I walk from my chambers in full armor with my laughing Isadora. She was small and full of life, she was cooing and laughing as we stopped in front of the Queens door. Gail waits as well, I am the first to knock to gain entrance. She smiles the moment the door opens, her eyes land on the smiling face of her Granddaughter. Isadora, was now being held by the Queen as we walked them into the great hall, the chatter is cut by an invisible blade. All bowed when she gracefully walked into any room, she looks ill, her heart is sick. A mother is always ready to go before her offspring, Queen Lenore and our King were ready and able to go first. Now Queen Lenore is alone in her our mourning and grief, her King, her daughter taken. I help our Queen to sit as she coos to Isadora, I take my own seat to have my meal while Queen Lenore feeds the little beast. I watched Keziah and Ophir switch off holding Julian while they ate, Shaylee should be here but here I am taking Isadora from her grandmother, so our Queen may eat as well. Soon Julian and Isadora will be with an elder so we may go about our duty's. Shana was a fine watcher for the three younglings, Kylie escorted them as we had a council meeting. The day fly's by, I walk the Queen into the meeting hall where six men stand giving a bow of the head as we enter, once she is seated we all fall in line. Draco says, \"Your brother was seen with a horde on the out skirts, not but a day ago. We have sent a few scouts to track them.\" My anger burned he was also at fault for her death, he sided with the demons who killed our sister and my wife. Queen Lenore hissed in displeasure her views changed on this issue once her beloved daughter was killed \"Commander Gideon, take a legion and bring me your brothers head.\" That was all I needed to hear, I stand with a bow \"Your wish is my command, but I am not afraid to say this is my pleasure.\" I had to hurry and leave before he became untraceable. I whispered a blessing to Isadora as she slumbered, her mid-day nap. Ophir was joining this hunt, his wife cursing my refusal of her joining. I stand looking over my warriors, \"We were not meant for revenge, we were created to rid the world of the demons who try to take over. But we have been hunting all the higher ranked filth that helped to take our Princess away from us, my wife. We have received word from Draco that my own flesh and blood has been spotted, he is to be killed on sight with something to be taken back to our Queen. Demons will fight for him but we are far greater, we leave now.\" cheers rang clear at the sheer blood lust we held for some. The sky was bright and clear, the ocean below us calm as we flew high overhead taking cover in the clouds, scouting for airplanes; innovative technology we had to avoid. We would reach Rock of Cashel by nightfall, we would be met by three scouts who would lead us to their last location, then they join the hunt. I must go back to Isadora, she couldn't lose both of us no matter my desire to be reunited with her mother. Hours flew by as the air rushed passed us, the sun long gone. My body landed making a large dent into the holy ground. The gargoyles dropped to their knees a clear sign of respect. I growl, \"Where are they?\" Eden stood, \"Not but twenty miles from the castle.\" Gail says, \"We need rest and food before we make an attack. We have traveled far.\" he was right, we could wait a few hours but when the sun comes so does my brother's death. The food was unique, I leaned against the wall watching from the window, in the far distance a large manor house, that would be our first strike, we would follow their steps until we reached them. I could not sleep. Morning came bringing the smell of jasmine with it, we eat once more bidding goodbye to the clan as the three scouts lead us to the house I watched all night. I walked in, the fire was still warm as the smoke curled off the dead flames, they left but they were not far. My body taking to the sky, I scan the distance as the scouts join in looking to the East, West, and North but they are not heading South \"There they are, heading west they're picking up the pace, toward the old ruins of the druids.\" They are searching, so must we. I lead my legion heading west as fast as we could fly, they had no chance to escape once I landed. My brother was in the middle of a smaller horde, trying to decrease un-wanted attention by the smaller number. In his arms was an infant. I snarled, \"I have come to kill you, brother. You are the reason my wife was killed.\" I cared not for the child just the man holding it, Eden her eyes zeroed in on the struggling infant in his arms. Brice laughed, \"Kill me then, the Dark Prince will be summoned with the death of my son. You have failed every female who has loved you, brother.\" I launched at him ready to choke the life from his body, the child was safe now as Eden held him moving him from the battle. He was weak. He sailed into the massive tree, it groaned but held as I pinned him to it, his face slack with blood dripping from his forehead, a branch impaled him, the blue light poured from him until all I held was his sword, it was handed down from our grandfather. I received the favor of being handed down our fathers. I see Eden with the child who is silent now, content in her arms. \"Destroy the alter. Now I must think of a plan for this child, my nephew.\" I will have to send him home to my family to be raised. Eden and Isle are the first to me, \"Let us keep him, we will raise him with love, he will never know of this day.\" I sighed, \"So be it, his name is Shaun.\" this was agreed to, I would come often to visit him; he was not his father. But now we need to return home, to my Isadora. We reach home by midnight, the Holy place is in a up roar when we land.[Chapter 28] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of this story that I hope you guys will enjoy. As usual I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. Thanks for reading, please leave a review! Gargoyle's talked in loud voices when we arrive; as their eyes fall on me all noise stops, it becomes so silent you could hear their collective heart beats. The air around us is filled with an electric buzz, something has happened in our absence. It is apparent that their stares aren't due to the blood covering my form. Their eyes follow me and the Gargoyles flanking me, we must see the Queen and give report before I bathe and care for Isadora. Gage walks beside me \"Something is amiss here.\" He speaks truth, I could feel the chill in my bones. But I do my duty and walk on, heading towards the Queens chambers. Now many more Gargoyles take place here, it is harder to move. I shout, \"Move aside, I am the Queens Commander.\" they did part, Kylie was making her way to us, her face red. My heart dropped, did something happen to the Queen or Isadora? She gasps, \"Come now.\" her eyes boring into mine cutting off my own breathing, there was something lingering in her eyes that told me to hurry. I strode forward leaving her behind my body going faster and faster towards the large oak doors to her study, Gargoyles watching me advance. I opened the doors seeing the Queen behind her desk her face paler than I had seen in months, she was ill. I whisper, \"My Queen, what is ailing you?\" dropping to a single knee, the smell of jasmine and honeysuckle moved around me, her study was warm and happy but right now I felt no happiness only worry. She gave me a small smile before her hands touched my face slowly turning it to the left, I fall. My heart was racing like never before. I have seen battles and lost all I cared for but never before have I witnessed a dream so stunning as the one looking at me now. Shaylee with our daughter laughing in her arms, her gown was a pale green with jewels around her waist, her circlet tiara around her head as silver draped down, a pale green gem rests at the front. Her eyes such a vivid purple, the same eyes I looked into on our wedding day, now they watch me stumble around. A dream so real…. My Princess, my wife, stands handing Isadora to Kylie as she makes her way to me like so many times in so many other dreams. I only watched as her hand touched my face, the touch so real feeling. Her scent changed, it gave me a wild fire impression. I have not slept in days, I never sleep well since her death. Now this was the price I pay, a dream so real I never wanted to wake. She spoke, \"My love, you have done so well with our daughter. She is perfect, happy, and healthy; unlike what you have turned into. Gideon, my husband this is no dream, my father and Michael himself blessed me.\" Her words making sense but she was glowing, or had a faint glimmer about her; this had to be a dream. \"I never want to wake.\" was all I said when something much more important should have been said. She laughed, \"Fine then.\" her small fist went flying, nailing me in my lower right side, my jaw flaring in pain, pain? I jumped up seeing her standing now \"This is no dream.\" I touched my own jaw feeling it throbbing, she smiled taking back our daughter. Queen Lenore spoke, \"Her father and Michael himself sent her back to us, as she said she never left. She has great detail on you and myself from her absence.\" this means she saw us fall into our depression and anguish. I grab her holding her, she was real…[Chapter 29] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of this story that I hope you guys will enjoy. As usual I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. Thanks for reading, please leave a review! I am drained, my body needing rest soon. It felt as if I had been up for days, the journey back to the realm of the living was not an easy task. I stare over the sea of happy Gargoyles all enjoying our feast. Isadora has not slumbered once this day, her bright eyes wide awake. Gideon stayed close to my side, he smelled and was dirty but asking him to bathe at any point was more than he could handle. But soon we would be in our chambers and Isadora would be ready to slumber, then he and I could have words. For now, he eats beside me his eyes travel to mine every few seconds as if I will vanish once again. He and I needed to have words. I eat while Isadora has her bottle in hand, I was famished as I took another bite. Once I was ready to head to our chambers, I stood \"I am retiring to my chambers for the night, mother.\" we have talked and in turn I have forgiven her for her act before my death and resurrection, she smiled bowing her head. She stood with her guard coming behind her and this included my husband who looked ready to just stand by my side but he still had duties he could not ignore. Mother smiled, \"Sleep well we will have words when you wake, sleep well my Isadora.\" with this we left each other, I was taking my daughter to bathe as my husband had his nightly consul with the Queen. The halls filled with more fallen gargoyle sashes, but the same smells hit me, the warm corridors filled with Jasmine, citrus, and musk. I was home here. My feet carried me to my shared chambers, it was as I had left it except the crib for Isadora and a few other items for her. By 18 months of age she would have her own room, my old room with a Gargoyle watching her as she slumbers ready to fetch me at her slightest whimper. But for now, I fill the bath with rose and lavender for her bath, I moved with her smiling in my arms as I readied her night clothes getting her ready for her slumber. I bathed her she loved her bath time, after we rocked in the chair until she could no longer fight sleep, she lay in her crib as I un-clothed getting into the bath, it was a very warm but not too hot, relaxing even when I heard the chamber door shut with only a slight noise before he was standing above me. He un-clothed himself, it was like the first time I watched this but in truth I have seen this sight so many times, it was such a sight to behold. The chiseled structure of his body, the way his muscles moved when he removed his shirt, he slides in behind me letting my body press against his. I missed him so, missed his scent. I moved away from him so that I may gaze at him, \"I am not so sure I can forget your betrayal before my death, but knowing how much I love you and missed you, I have forgiven you. If you choose to go against me once more this marriage is over, it may not be what our clan does but I crave my own path. I want our daughter to see what a man should be to her not what she should have to live with, you're my partner, every choice I have made was for our clan. And in the end, I was right, if mother or yourself had not seen this at the last minutes our clan would have been gone, dust in the wind as we ascended to Michael.\" his eyes so dark but so warm held an understanding in them, he moved in the water, his arms wrapping around me holding me close. He answered, \"I have wronged you, Shaylee, for that I should not be forgiven. You had our great race at heart and your judgement was the correct one. You saw what I could not see, I have for too long let my own hate cloud my judgement. I always thought what Queen Lenore and I wanted was what was best for us, but I was wrong. It took your death for me to see how wrong I had been, I was failing at wanting to live many times wanting to walk into a rogue demon hoard just to end it. But then I would look into Isadora's eyes and see you looking back at me, she was my gift and my curse, her looks so like yours her eyes were like looking into yours. It killed me more to care for her, I adore my daughter; love her more than words but it hurt me to care for her she was a reminder of you, your death, and my own failure.\" I speak after a minute, \"I saw you before I ascended, I saw you fighting to reach me in time. I am sorry I hurt you, Gideon. I missed you so.\" His lips on mine caused a new sensation, no not new just fresh and renewed we let the night take hold of us as his hands moved over my naked body.[Chapter 30] Hello fellow fanfiction writers and readers, here is another chapter of this story that I hope you guys will enjoy. As usual I own nothing except new characters and ideas, I make no money from writing, and all rights go to the rightful owners. Thanks for reading, please leave a review! My father never let my mother go again, and she did the same with him. They together brought in a new wave of gargoyles, witches, humans, and vast other beings to aid in the protection of our world. I watch my parents, seeing the love in everything they did together, the way he looked at mother with such adoration and the way she touched his bare arm her fingers moving with grace over the muscles. Aunt Keziah and Uncle Ophir have a great love story as well, they live each day as if it was their last. I leave the Garden, my own feet carrying me to my mother, she has aged very little, while I have just stopped aging, I have long dirty blonde hair with amethyst eyes like her, most would tell you I looked like my mother with small hints of my father. I hear, \"My dearest angel.\" her voice was like heaven, it was silkily and loving, there was my mother a book resting in her hands as she waked the halls. I smiled, \"I enjoyed my outing, the hills of Denbroth are magnificent. The demons are growing in number but Draco thinks it is nothing his clan can't handle.\" \"I have noticed an increase, there will always be those who wish to take over Earth, we are the ones who stand watch and protect the humans.\" mother was right. \"So, no ball?\" \"No ball, mother.\" \"Take time in choosing, I am sorry but within the next fourteen nights we will need his name, or do I already know?\" her eyes understanding, her face relaxed she knew, she always knew. It was the year 2075, Earth, America, and Europe are at peace, wars have been gone for the last fifty years. We have peace, no homeless, crime happens but it has lowered by 45% in the last twenty-five years. My mother was a great Queen, I missed grandmother daily but now she is with Michael and my grandfather watching over all her great clan. My father was a great King, he supported mother in every way they had small disagreements but have learned to manage them and come to an agreement. I heard stories from Keziah about their love story, it was written in the great book, I loved it, I would go there and read it when my mind was troubled over my own issues. I knew it was better to give them a name, let them tell me I was not able, that it was wrong. But when I go to find mother once more after reading about how love between two is a force for good. She was in the chapel, the candles lit as she was on her knees her head bowed as she prayed. \"A moment and we can talk my dearest angel.\" There was never a time she didn't know I was waiting and watching her, I wanted to be like her, to one day in a very far way future lead and do great things like her. I don't think it is possible to outdo her like she has with Grandmother, but her training, fathers training along with Gage and Hail, I could do so much. When she stood her smile was radiant she looked sad though, \"Are you well, mother?\" \"I was talking to my mother and Tara, so many years passed, and I still seek their wisdom, my dearest angel. But Tara and Adam are still with us, their sons and daughters part of us now.\" We walk \"I need words with you and father.\" She says nothing just moves towards the Red room where father and the legion go over battle plans, new advancements. Of course, he is there in his armor his green eyes cold until they rest on us, then light and love replace the coldness. \"Isadora, she would like a few words with us, my love.\" Her words, her tone was all it took for everyone to file out leaving us alone, she takes the head seat with father to her right, her eyes so loving. I sighed, \"I have tried never to disappointment you, neither of you. I have the name of my future spouse.\" Mother looked on with a smile as father looked ready to split heads. \"Please, go on.\" her voice and tone so gentle. \"Mina, daughter of clan leader Draco of the Farlands.\" father, no he did not look happy with this. Mother stood, the way she moved towards me was like she never touched the floor, then I was in her arms.\" I approve my dearest angel,\" \"Shaylee, this is not how it is supposed to be.\" father was angry. I wanted to cry hearing him, \"Gideon, enough from you. She is our daughter, Michael makes no mistakes he gave her to us, now we mold her to be something more, don't you see she has already done that. Gargoyles have not had a same sex marriage or union, this is a first. Isadora, send for Mina to come I must make sure her feelings are for you as yours are for her, go now child.\" If I had her blessing, then soon I would have his too, I stayed to listen to them. Her voice tense, \"Love does not mean I will not kill you myself, she is our daughter. I suggest you fall in line, she can still have a child, it is possible to use Mina's bone marrow and Isadora's eggs, the only thing is her child will be a girl this way. She is happy, that is all that matters to me, fall in line, my love.\" she would not take his anger laying down and for her I would be forever grateful. My name is Isadora Helena Lenore, I am Princess of the Gargoyles, first born, first of her name. Daughter of the great Queen, the Prince killer. I am to be married to Mina, this is now my story. ","Summary":" Hello, another new fic for you guys. I own my characters and ideas and all that jazz. Outfits and c"},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"Getting Through It All","Author":"CCinderellaa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1860091","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N-Here is my Sequel to Is it True?. Which is my otherrnmotocrossedrnfic. If you haven't read it you might want to read it before you readrnthis fic so you will be cought up with everything. :) This sequel takesrnplace the day after \"Is It True?'. This story is mainly aboutrnAndrew, but Andrea is in it too. Its Andrea/Dean Andrew/Kelly(or OC).rnOh, and sometimes I may refer to Andrew as Andy, but not all the time.rnTo clear somethings up Andrew is Andy and Andrea is Andi. Disclaimer: I don't own any of the Motocrossed characters. Chapter 1 Beep beep beep. There goes the alarm clock. The 15 year old boy,rnsoon to be 16, rolled over and shut his alarm clock off. Andrew layed onrnhis back in his bed, staring at the ceiling remembering last nightsrnevents. It was only last night that he helped his best friend and hisrntwin sister get together. He was happy for them, but he was still sadrninside. Knock, knock . \"Who is it?\" Andrew yelled from his bed. \"It's mom! Good your up. I'm going to take you, your brother and sister school shopping!\" his mother told him. Andrew let out a groan. 'Thats right...school starts next week,' he thought to himself. Then Andrew, regretingly, sat up in his bed and looked at the time on his alarm clock. 9:00 AM. Andrew stood up and stretched. Then he walked toward his closet andrnpicked out the clothes he was going to wear. After picking out jeans,rnand a blue motocross t-shirt be walked out of his room and went over tornthe bathroom to take a shower. After about 20 minutesrnmore or less, Andrew emerged from the bathroom dressed and he thenrnwalked downstairs to the kitchen. When he got in the kitchen, he sawrnhis mom folding some clothes, and his brother eating breakfast. \"Good morning, Andrew,\" his mother greeted him. \"'Moring,\" he replied taking a bowl from the table and pouring himself some cereal. \"Where's dad?\" Andrew asked. \"He left already. He was meaning to talk to you before he left but yournweren't up yet,\" Jason told him,\"What did you do this time?\" \"Nothing,\" Andrew told him, honestly. A few minutes later, Andrea walked into the kitchen with a smilernplastered on her face. She wore khaki capris, and a yellow blouse. \"Good Morning, Andrea. You seem happy,\" Mrs. Carson said. \"Thats because I am happy. Oh so happy,\" Andrea said smiling. 'I wonder why, ' thought Andrew. He knew it was because she finally knew Dean liked her as much as she liked him. \"Well, we'll leave for school shopping around 10:15. Be ready,\" Mrs.rnCarson said picking up her laundry basket filled with clothes andrnwalked out of the room. \"Andrew! Thank you!\" Andrea told him, giving her tiwn a hug. \"No prob. I could tell you two really liked each other,\" Andrew told her. \"What? Come on! Tell me you guys!\" Jason asked. \"Well, Andrew here got Dean and I together,\" Andrea told Jason, sitting down across from him. \"Well, its about time. It was so obvious that you to liked each other,\" Jason told her. \"Anyway, I hope we are going to be back from school shopping by 4. Dean is taking me out,\" Andrea said. \"Oh, I'm sure we will... we better anyway...\" Andrew said. A/N-rnHope you guys like it! I know..I know...kinda boring...Just trust me!rnIt will get better! Next chapter you find out what Mr. Carson wanted torntalk to Andrew about! Before I forget, can anyone tell me how to makernthings bold, italic and underlined?Please? Review please? You knowrnyou want to. -)[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don't own the Motocrossed characters, nor do I own thernmovie! Nor do I own the lyrics to Miss You More. Chapter 2 Atrn3 o'clock that same day, Mrs. Carson, Andrea, Jason, and Andrew camernthrough the front door all carrying bags full of new clothes forrnschool, notebooks, pens, ect. Andrea ran upstairs saying,\"I gotta getrnready for when Dean comes at 4!\" Andrew was about to follow his sister up the stairs, but his father called him into the living room. \"Andrew! Can you come in the living room for a moment?\" 'I wonder what he wants.. ' Andrew thought. \"Coming,\"rnAndrew told him. He then walked into the living room to see his dadrnsitting on the couch with his elbows on his knees, and his chin sittingrnon his hands. \"Yes, dad? \"Andrew, come sit,\" his father replied. Andrew walked over to the couch and sat next to his father. \"Andrew, you do know now that Dean is racing on our team, and Andrea is competing, you have to work harder, right?\" Andrew nodded. 'What is he getting at?' Andrew thought. \"And I want you to be just as good as them...\" Mr. Carson continued. \"Ok, dad.\" Andrew just wanted to escape up to his room, and play his guitar. \"Irnreally want you to win first place next season. I want everyone to knowrnthat we have two great 125 riders...\" Mr. Carson continued further. \"Are we done here dad? Because I really want to practice my guitar.\" \"That's just it, Andrew. You need to focus a little bit more on motocross.\" \"I do, dad.\" \"Well, not as much as you should be.\" \"What do you mean? I should think about motocross 24/7 !\" Andrew asked getting angry. \"Well,rnnot that extreme... maybe just a little bit more than you havernbeen... lately you haven't been watching those motocross videos I gavernyou for tips,\" his father told him. \"Dad! School starts next week, I'm going to be turning 16 in a couple of months. I have other things on my mind!\" \"Andrew, what happened? Before you were so into motocross.\" \"I'm still into it, dad, but I want to see what else I'm good at.\" After saying this Andrew stood up and left the room. Andrewrnmade his way up to his bedroom. When he got there, he closed the doorrnand sat on his desk chair. He was about to pick up his guitar which wasrnon a guitar stand, but then he saw a small piece of paper on his desk. ' Kelly's number...' he thought. He sat there staring at the paper for a while. 'Oh man..I miss her...' Andrew put his hand on the phone about to pick it up, but something stopped him. \"She's Andrea's best friend! I can't call her!\" he said to himself. So here I am All by myself Thinkin' of you Nobody else There's a feeling inside And as hard as I try It just won't go away Are you findin' it hard All on your own? Having to face each night alone Knowing you are the one With the love that I need And I miss you more each day.. Ding Dong. The door bell. Andrea, who was sitting in the livingrnroom got up and ran to the door. She had changed into a jean skirt andrna light pink peasant top. She opened the front door to find Deanrnstanding there wearing khakis, and a light blue button down shirt. \"Hey,\" he said,\"You look pretty.\" \"Thanks,\" she replied,\"You don't look so bad yourself.\" They smiled at each other. \"Bye mom! Dean and I are off to see a movie!\" Andrea yelled to her mom. Her mom appeared in Andrea's view. \"Ok, honey. Just be home by 10:30,\" Mrs. Carson told her. \"Ok, bye.\" \"Bye, Mrs. Carson,\" Dean told her, and Dean and Andrea walked hand in hand out the door. \"Who was that?\" Mr. Carson asked as he walked next to his wife. \"Oh, just Dean. He and Andrea are going to see a movie.\" \"Oh..Isn't he a little old for her?\" he asked. \"No..He's only a couple years older. Anyway, Dean's a nice young man. We both like him.\" \"Yea I know, Geneva...\" A/N:There's chapter 2-) Thanks for the reviews! My first two of this story! Yay. -) Review please? You know you want too... -)[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I still don't own any Motocrossed characters, or the movie. Chapter 3 The rest of the evening wentrnby uneventful for Andrew. He sat in his room playing his guitar staringrnat Kelly's number. He was still mad at his dad. He couldn't belive whatrnhe told him. 'Fathers are suppose to be supportive of whatever you want to do,' he thought. He picked up Kelly's number one more time, and took a deep breath. \"Ok,rnI'm going to do it,\" Andrew said to himself. He then picked up thernreciever and dialed Kelly's number from the paper. He let it ran for 10rnrings. After 10 rings he hung up. \"She must be out with a better looking, smarter guy than me..\" Andrew said to himself. Then Andrew heard a knock at his door. \"Come in,\" he yelled putting his guitar on the guitar stand. The door opened and in came Jason. \"Hey, Andrew. Do you want to go work on your bike in the garage with me?\" Jason asked. Andrew thought about it. All he was going in here was thinking about Kelly, which was made him miserable. \"Ok, I'll be there in a minute,\" Andrew finally said. Jason left the room shutting the door behind him. Andrewrnlooked at the phone again. \"Maybe she'll call...\" Then he walked towardrnthe door saying to himself, \"Probably not though.\" He then opened therndoor and walked out. ..:Kelly's house:.. Kelly walked through herrnfront door behind her mom carrying groceries. Her house was fairly big,rnalthough not as big as the Carson's household. Kelly's house is aboutrnaverage size. She closed the door with her foot since her hands werernoccupied my a few grocery bags. When you walk through her front doorrnyou are already in the kitchen, so Kelly put the grocery bags on thernkitchen counter for her mother. \"Thank you, honey. Can you check the caller ID to see if anyone called?\" Kelly's mom asked. \"Ok,rnmom,\" Kelly said. She went over to the caller ID near the phone andrnsaw that they had 2 new calls. She then pressed the up arrow, and sawrnthe first call was from her grandmother. \"One is from grandma, mom,\" Kelly said. Then Kelly pressed the next button saw the Carson's number. ' huh...thats funny I thought Andrea was going out with Dean today.. ' she thought to herself. \"Ok, I'll call grandma later, who else called,\" her mom said. \"Um...it's Andrea's number...\" Kelly told her. Then Kelly's eyes opened wide. ' Andrew? Was he calling me?' she thought. She felt rather excited. \"Um,rnmom, I'm going to go to my room and see what um.. Andrea wanted...\"rnKelly told her mom and left the room leaving her mom to put away therngroceries. Kelly didn't want to tell her mom that she thought itrnwas Andrew who called because she knew her mom would make a big dealrnout of it. Kelly climbed the stairs to where her room was. Thernupstairs of her house only had three rooms. Her room, a bathroom andrnher parents room. Kelly walked into her room, which has a pink day bedrnagainst the wall in the middle of her small room and her desk acrossrnfrom it, with her vanity on the left of the room. She then picked uprnher phone which was on her night table next to her bed. She quicklyrndialed the Carson number and only had to wait a few seconds. \"Hello?\" said a voice that sounded like Mr. Carson. \"Hi, Mr. Carson? It's Kelly-\" \"Hi, Kelly. I'm sorry, but Andrea isn't home right now. I'll tell her you called, though.\" \"Oh,rnwell..um...ok.\" Kelly said. She wanted to say that she was calling forrnAndrew but thought that maybe Mr. Carson wouldn't approve. \"Bye.\" Kellyrnsaid bye and hung up. She sat on her bed and pulled her knees to herrnchest and she looked up. \"I was really hoping it was Andrew whorncalled!\" Kelly said feeling tears wellrnup in her eyes. ..:Back at the Carson house:.. Andrew walked through the sliding doors to get into the kitchen. He saw his dad hanging up the phone. \"Dad, who was on the phone?\" he asked. \"Kelly. I guess she wanted to talk to Andrea. Andrea will have to call her when she gets home.\" Andrew was a little disappointed. \"Oh, so thats the only reason she called?\" Andrew asked. Her dad just stared at him. \"I think so, Andrew.\" There was silence between the two of them. \"Well, I'm going to go to the garage, coming Andrew?\" \"Um,rnmaybe in a sec,\" Andrew said. His dad then walked by him and openedrnthe sliding doors, walked through and closed the doors. \"Guess I never should have called her... \" Andrew said to the empty kitchen. Please review...you know you want too... -)[Chapter 4] Dsiclaimer:Nope. I don't own the Motocrossed movie..or the characters.rnDisney does though!I don't own \"My Confession\" lyrics either...JoshrnGroban sings them... :) Chapter 4 Around 9:00 PM, Andrea was on her front porch with Dean. \"I had a great time tonight,\" Dean said. \"Sorndid I. It was a great first date,\" Andrea told him as they both smiled.rnAndrea took Dean's hand and walked him over to the bench sitting on thernporch. They both sat. \"I don't want this night to end,\" said Andrea leaning her head on his shoulder, with their hands still together. \"Yeah,rnit's been fun,\" Dean said,\"You know you better get inside though.rnYour father will have a cow if he see's us out here like this.\" \"I know, but I don't really care,\" Andrea said. Deanrntouched her chin and gently moved her head to face him where he touchedrnhis lips against hers. They sat there and kissed, until Andrea pulled away and placed her forehead on hisrnforehead. \"I better get inside,\" she said. \"Ok,\" Deanrnsaid as they both stood up and walked over to the door, but beforernAndrea could open the door, Dean took her arm and turned her around torngive her another goodnight kiss. When they broke the kiss, Deanrnsaid,\"Good night.\" \"'Night,\" said Andrea. She smiled and openedrnthe door, stepped inside with one last look at Dean, she smiled andrnclosed the door. When the door was closed, she leaned against it andrnlet out a sigh. \"Andrea? Did you have fun tonight?\" Mr. Carson asked walking down the stairs. \"Yes, so much fun,\" Andrea said smiling. \"Thats... uh... good, oh, and by the way Kelly called,\" he told her. \"Ok, I'll go and call her now,\" Andrea said walking up the stairs. When she got to her room, she sat on her bed and picked up the phone, and dialed Kelly's number. \"Hello, Kelly?\" Andrea asked after 4 rings. \"Yes?\" Kelly's voice said. \"It's Andrea. My dad said you called.\" \"Um, yeah. It was, uh, nothing important... so how was your, uh, first date with Dean?\" Andrea told her all about it not knowing that the real reason Kelly called before was to talk to Andrew. Downrnthe hall, Andrew was sitting on his bed writing something in arnnotebook. He glanced at the clock and saw that it was 9:15. He decidedrnto call Dean and find out how his date was. He did think of just askingrnAndrea, but he was thinking about asking Dean for his advice on what torndo about Kelly. He walked over to his desk and picked up his phone, but what he heard was no dail tone. 'Andrearnmust be on the phone,' thought Andrew. He was about to hang up and givernher some privacy, but a certain voice kept him on the line. Kelly. Hernmissed her so much. It took all the amount of strength he had not tornshout her name through the phone. When he found out what theyrnwere talking about (Andrea's date) he hung up the phone. I'll call Dean later on, he thought. Later on that night, Andrew had the chance to call Dean. Andrea and Kelly stayed on the phone talking for an hour. Andrew sat on his desk, picked up the phone and started to dial Dean's number. Whilernhe waited for someone to pick up he began to wonder if he shouldn'trntell Dean how he really feels toward Kelly. After 3 rings, someonernpicked up. \"Hello?\" It sounded like Dean. \"Hi, Dean?\" asked Andrew \"Yes?\" \"Hey man, it's Andrew. Whats up?\" \"Not much.. had my date with Andrea tonight...\" \"Yea, Andrea seemed happy.\" \"Really? Thats great, because I had a lot of fun,\" Dean told him. \"Yea..\" \"Dude, whats up with you?\" Dean asked. \"Nothin'\" \"Let me guess...does it have to do with a certain girl...that you have a thing for?\" \"Dean, I really miss her. What am I going to do?\" \"Well, Andy, what you should do is call her.\" \"Easier said than done...\" \"Listen, tomorrow just pick up the phone and talk to her. Just be like your talking to a friend.\" \"Alright Dean. I guess you're right..\" \"Of course I'm right,\" Dean told him. Thernnext day, Andrew woke up at 8:30 AM. He was anxious to call Kelly, andrnhe knew he wouldn't be able to fall back a sleep. So, he did what hernnormally does when he wakes up. He went to the bathoom and took arnshower. When hernwas all showered and dressed, Andrew walked downstairs to grab somethigrnquick for breakfast. He wasn't that hungry because he was so nervousrnabout calling Kelly, but he knew he had to eat something. He went tornthe cupboard and grabbed himself a couple of pop tarts. When he openedrnthe cupboard, Andrea walked in and said,\"Good morning Andrew.\" Andrew turned around and said,\"Good morning. Why are you up so early?\" Andrearnsat down at the table and said,\"Oh, I just wanted to have an early day.rnAnyway, I want to call Kelly. She has been kind of down lately..\" \"Um, can I use the phone first? I need to call someone...\" Andrew told her. \"Uh, sure, I wasn't planning on calling her for a while anyway.\" Andrewrnran out of the kitchen while eating his pop tarts. As soon as he got tornhis room, he closed the door, and he took a deep breath. He picked up the phone and dialed Kelly's number. After 5 rings someone picked up. \"Hello?\" \"Hi, is Kelly there? \"This is she.\" \"Oh! Hi, Kelly, it's Andrew.\" Silence. \"Kelly?\" \"Oh, sorry, Andrew? How are you?\" \"Im fine, how have you been?\" \"Not bad, um listen do you mind if I call you later... my mom wants to use the phone.\" \"Sure Kel. Bye.\" \"Bye Andrew.\" They both hung up. Andrew smiled. It was a short phone call but atleast he called her. Thernrest of the day, Andrew rode his dirtbike, which he kind of regretedrnsince his father was home and critizing everything he was doing. Atrnabout 4 o'clock that afternoon, Andrew finally got to finish and walkedrninto the house just in time to hear Andrea say something on the phonernwhich shocked him. \"Ok, Kelly. I'm glad you decided to do this. I really think it'll be good for you,\" is what Andrea said on the phone. 'What is she talking about?What will be good for Kelly?' thought Andrew. When Andrea hung up the phone, Andrew asked her,\"Who was that?\" \"Ohrnjust Kelly. I'm setting her up with someone. We are going on a doublerndate tonight. I was on the phone all day tring to convince her.\" Andrew stood there. Shocked. \"Oh,\" was all he said. \"Wernwill be leaving around 7, Dean, Kelly, and her date wil be here to pickrnme up,\" Andrea said. Then she left the room, leaving Andrew with hisrnemotions. 'No. This can't be happening...Kelly is suppose to be with me...' he thought. Hernspent the next few hours in his room, alone with his guitar, but atrn6:30 he was downstairs looking out the window for a car that might bernDean's. He wanted to know what kind of jerk was taking his Kelly out. Twenty-fivernminutes past, and Andrew was sitting on the couch waiting. Then therndoor bell rang and Andrew went sprinting to the door. When he openedrnthe door, he saw Dean, Kelly, and some guy he didn't know. 'Wow, she looks great,' he thought. \"Hey, man, is Andrea ready?\" asked Dean kind of giving him an I'm sorry look. \"Uh, I'll call for her,\" Andrew said. Andrewrnwent over to the stairs and yelled,\"ANDREA! Get your butt down hear!rnDean is here!\" Not knowing Kelly was giggling softly at the way herncalled his sister. Aw, he's so cute, Kelly thought. Then he said to everyone else at the door,\"Come in.\" They all came in. Andrew caught eyes with Kelly. \"Hi, Kelly,\" he said. \"Hi,\"rnshe said smiling. Andrew couldn't help but smile. He loved her smile. While they waited for Andrea, Andrew and Kelly smiled at each other, andrnDean pretended not to notice by facing up the stairs. Kelly's date wasrnglaring at Andrew. A few minutes later, Andrea came down wearing a light blue dress. \"Ok, I'm ready. Sorry about that,\" she said giving Dean a hug. \"Bye,\" Andrea told her brother. Andrewrnglanced one more time at Kelly, and waved. She gave him a smallrnsmile and walked out of the Carson house first with her date followingrnbehind. \"Come on Dean,\" Andrea said. \"I'll be there in a second,\" Dean told her, and Andrea left through the door too. \"I'm sorry, Andrew. I didn't know Andrea was setting Kelly up. I thought it was another one of her friends,\" Dean turned to him. \"It'srnok. I had my shot and I blew it...\" Andrew told him. Dean patted him onrnthe back and said,\"Bye, Drew.\" Dean walked out the door with everyonernelse. Andrew was left staring at the door hoping maybe Kelly would walkrnthrough the door. Then Andrew opened the door to see Dean's car drivernout of the parking lot. He thought he saw Kelly look out the window ofrnthe car, but knew it probably was just his imagination. \"I blew it..\" he said to himself. -I have been wrong about you -I thought I was strong without you -For so long -Nothing could move me -For so long -Nothing could change me -Now I feel myself surrender -Each time I see your face -I am captured by your beauty -Your unassuming grace -And I feel my heart is turning -Falling into place -I cant hide it -Hear my confession -You are the air that I breathe -Youre the ground beneath my feet -When did I stop believing Review please? You know you want to... -)[Chapter 5] Disclaimer:Nope. I don't own any Motocrossed characters or the movie. Chapter 5 Thernnext morning, which was the weekend, Andrew laid in his bed and hernstared up at the ceiling. He didn't want to go on with the day. He hadrnmissed his chance with Kelly, and he wouldn't be able to see herrnanymore. Then there was a knock on his bedroom door. \"Who is it?\" Andrew asked from his bed. \"It's Andrea. Can I come in?\" Andrew sighed. \"Sure.\" Andrea opened the door and stepped in. \"Hey,\" she said. Andrew didn't move his eyes from the ceiling. \"Arernyou ok? Last night before I left you seemed kindrnof... well.. different, and I wanted to talk to you when I got back, butrnmom said you went to bed,\" Andrea said to him. Andrew sat up inrnhis bed and said, \"Listen, I don't really want to talk right now. Irnhave to get ready. Dad wants me to ride my dirtbike more and practicernfor next season early.\" \"Um, well, ok,\" Andrea told him and she left the room. Andrew put his feet on the floor while sitting on the bed and put his elbows on his knees and his face in his hands. \"Comernon Carson. Be strong. There's plenty other fish in the sea,\" he toldrnhimself. He stood up and picked out his motocross things to wear. When Andrew, went down to the kitchen, he saw his mom, and dad both sitting at the table eating. \"Hi, Andrew. Going to join us?\" Mrs. Carson asked. \"Nornthanks, mom. I'm not very hungry right now. I'm going to go out andrnride my dirtbike.\" Andrew wanted to add that he wanted to get someonernoff his mind as well but decided against it. Andrew left thernkitchen through the back door and Mr. Carson turned to his wife andrnsaid,\"See Geneva? My talk worked. He really does want to excel atrnmotocross He really is determined to let everyone know who he is.\" Mrs. Carson just rolled her eyes. \"Edward. Can't you tell something is bothering him?\" Mr. Carson just looked at her confused. \"Um..yea, he wants to be-\" \"No, I mean something else...\" Mrs. Carson interrupted him. \"Nah, wouldn't he have said something?\" \"Honey, sometimes teenagers - specifically boys - don't like to tell their feelings.\" They, then, heard a motor starting outside. \"Well, I'm going to go and see how he is doing,\" Mr Carson said getting up. When he left, Mrs. Carson rolled her eyes again as she sipped her coffee. Outside when Mr. Carson arrived at the motocross track he saw his son riding his bike really well. \"Good job Andrew!\" he yelled. When Andrew caught sight of his father he stopped when he went close to him,\"Hey dad. Thanks.\" \"Nornproblem, Andrew! You did a great job! I really like what I'm seeing.rnI'm glad our little talk worked. So, I take it you are going to give uprnon your music?\" Andrew just stared at him at first. \"No dad. I'm not. I love playing the guitar and writing songs. It's great.\" \"Andrew, I told you that I think you should practice a little more a motocross and a little less on music,\" Mr. Carson said. Andrewrndidn't want to argue with his dad. He knew he would be here for awhile.rnSo, he started up his bike again and drove off. Mr. Carsonrnwatched for about 10 more minutes and then walked back into the house.rnAndrew was thankful for this. He wanted to be by himself... away fromrnthe house. Out on the motocross track, he thought he could get Kellyrnout of his kind, but he couldn't. She kept popping back in his mind.rnAndrew thought he saw a figure standing nearby. He drove his bike arnlittle closer to the figure. Once he was close enough he could see itrnwas a girl. He came to a stop right in front of her. Then he realizedrnit was Kelly. He took off his helmet to look at her better. \"Hi, Andrew,\" she said. \"Hi... uh, Andrea's inside,\" he said. \"Um, well, actually I wanted to speak to you,\" Kelly said looking at her pink sandels. Andrew perked up. \"You did? Why?\" \"Well, I-\" Kelly couldn't get the rest out because she was interrupted by someone. \"Andrew!\" The voice said. Andrew and Kelly turned around and saw Mr. Carson walking fast up to them. When he caught up to them, and said,\"Andrew! I have great news! \"What is it?\" Andrew asked. \"Well, I just got off the phone with the European Motocross Association...\" Mr. Carson started to say. \"Yea?\" \"And..Irnmay have convinced them to let you to go along with them! Nextrnsummer..for the whole summer! Isn't that great?\" Mr. Carson said. \"Wow, Europe? That is great,\" Andrew said. He really was excited. It would be a great oppurtunity. \"I'll let you think it over, and they want to have an answer if you'll be joining them by next week,\" Mr. Carson said. \"Ok, dad, I'll think it over,\" Andrew told him. \"Ok, well, I have to get inside. Keep practicing. You're doing great!\" Mr. Carson said as he turned to run inside. \"Wow, Andrew this is great!\" Kelly said. \"Yeah. I thought they would pick Andrea because of what happened this past season..\" Andrew said. \"But they picked you, Andrew,\" Kelly told him. \"Yeah... they did.\" \"Irnreally think you should go. It's a great opportunity to travel outsidernof the country. You could even put it on college applications.\" \"Kelly, I'm only a sophomore... I don't have to think about college applications until next year.\" \"Irnknow... but still. Next summer is the summer before our junior year..\" Theyrnwere quiet for a little bit, and then Andrew asked,\"Hey, weren't yourngoing to say something before? I mean before my dad interrupted you?\" \"Um, it can wait. I'll talk to you later maybe. I'll let you practice,\" Kelly told him. She was about to turn away when Andrew grabbed her by the arm gently and she turned to look at him. \"Thanks,\" he said. Kelly looked at him confused. \"For what?\" she asked. \"Just for having confidence in me. Telling me this is a great experience,\" Andrew said ending with a smile. Kelly smiled at him. \"No, problem,\" and she walked away from him. Both with smiles on there faces. A/N: Hmm..will Andrew go?rnWill Kelly and Andrew ever tell each other how theey feel? hehe...yournwill find out soon...maybe soon anyway... hehehe Review please?[Chapter 6] Disclaimer:Nope. I still don't own the Motocrossed movies..and no, I still don't own any of the characters either... Chapter 6 AfterrnAndrew finished riding his dirtbike, he put his bike back in therngarage. When he pulled his bike in there he saw Jason and his dadrnworking on another bike together. \"Finished for the day, Andrew?\" Mr. Carson said when he spotted his oldest son. \"Yeah,\" Andrew told him pushing his bike to the corner,\"I'm going to go take a shower.\" \"Ok, don't forget to think over what I told you before,\" Mr. Carson said. \"Yup,rnI will, dad.\" Then Andrew walked out of the garage. As he was makingrnhis way to the house, he kept wondering what it would be like if he didrngo to Europe. His thoughts kept going over to what Kelly was sayingrnabout it being a great experience. After a bit, his feet dragged him tornthe sliding doors that led to the kitchen. He slid the door open andrnwalked in. Stillrnthinking about Europe, he walked to his room, grabbed some clothes andrnwent to the bathroom to take a shower. In about, twenty minutes, Andrewrnleft the bathroom with his hair wet, and it looked all spiky, which isrnhow he styled it, and he wore jeans and a green t-shirt. Walking awayrnfrom the bathroom he wasn't really paying attention to where he wasrngoing and whack! He bang right into someone. \"Oh, I'm sorry...\" Andrew said, and then he looked at who he bumped into. It was Kelly. She was walking with Andrea. \"Oh, Kelly. This must be our little meeting place to bump into,\" Andrew said again and he smiled. \"Yeah,\" Kelly said,\"Still think about Europe?\" \"Yeah,\" Andrew said. \"Europe? Mind elaborating Andrew?\" asked Andrea. \"Oh, dad didn't tell you?\" Andrew asked her. \"Um, dad didn't tell me what?\" Andrea asked puzzled. \"Oh, its just I guess someone from the European Motocross Associationrncalled dad. They want me to join them in Europe next summer for thernnext motocross season,\" Andrew informed her. \"Oh, th-thats great, Andrew. Just great,\" Andrea told him. \"Yeah, but I don't know whether or not I'm going. I'm thinking it over. I have to decide by next week though,\" Andrew said. \"I think it is a great opportunity,\" Kelly said,\"Andrew I really think you should go.\" \"We'll see. Anyway, I have to go. Talk to you two later,\" Andrew said and walked past them to his bedroom. OncernAndrew had gone into his room and shut the door, Andrea turned to Kellyrnand asked,\"Kelly? How did you find out that Andrew got that offerrnbefore me?\" \"Well, when I came here I bumped into Andrew and your father told him then with me there,\" Kelly said. \"Ok...\" Andrea said. \"Andrea? Are you jealous?\" Kelly asked. \"Kelly! No, of course not. Why would I be jealous?\" \"I don't know. Just a thought. Let's go downstairs now and watch a movie,\" Kelly told her. Kelly walked down the stairs leaving Andrea. \"No, I'm not jealous. I am not,\" Andrea told herself before she walked downstairs. -- In Andrew's room,rnAndrew was sitting on his desk chair with his guitar in hand. Andrewrnsmiled. He thought about Kelly. He liked bumping into her on the way tornhis room, or out on the motocross track. Then Andrew started playingrnhis guitar. He had this tune in his head that he had to memorize. Thenrnwithin a few minutes he was writing in a notebook that was on his desk.rnHe was writing lyrics to the tune that he was playing. It was aboutrnsomeone special. -- Downstairs in thernliving room, Andrea and Kelly were sitting on the couch. They werernwatching \"The Princess Diaries.\" They both loved that movie. Its justrnso romantic. Throughout the movie, Kelly thought about Andrew.rnShe fell into a daydream toward the end of the movie, although her eyesrnstill on the tv. --In this daydream, she was dressed in thisrnbeautiful strapless ball gown that was a light shade of pink whichrnpoofed out a little, and her hair was pulled up with a crown on top.rnShe walked into an empty ballroom and looked around. She saw no one.rnThen, in her daydream, she heard music playing...it was a waltz. Shernwas still alone, and then she spotted someone. He was dressed in arntuxedo. He walked up to her and smiled. He said,'May I have thisrndance?' She said,'of course.' They waltzed to the music in this emptyrnballroom. It felt like they were floating on a cloud. She neverrnwanted to leave this guys arms.-- \"Kelly?? Hello??Kelly??\" a voice got her out of this daydream. \"What?\" Kelly looked toward the voice. It was Andrea. \"Are you ok? You had this glazed type of look upon your face...it was freaking me out...\" Andrea told her. \"Yea,rnI'm fine. I just love this part of the movie..\" Kelly told her. Kellyrndidn't really pay anymore attention to the movie. She realized that thernguy in her daydream looked just like Andrew. She wished it was real. 'Oh, snap out of it...you and Andrew will never waltz in a ballroom...'rnKelly thought to herself. Then, Kelly started to feel sad. She justrnwanted to be alone. She has realized that she and Andrew probably wouldrnnever get together. \"Um, Andrea, I have to go now....I'll call yournlater,\" Kelly told Andrea as she stood up. \"Um, ok, see ya later,\" Andrea told her. Kellyrnwalked quickly out of the room and raced out the door. When she got tornthe porch, she stopped and sat on the nearest seat. she knew shernshouldn't sit out here, but her mom wasn't here to pick her up yet, andrnshe just wanted to be alone. She sat there and before she knew it tearsrnstarted to come out of her eyes. She had her elbows on her knees andrnher face in her hands. She didn't even realize someone opened the doorrnand step out on to the porch with her. Thernperson who just walked on to the porch was just planning on sitting onrnthere to read a magazine, but something changed his mind. As soon asrnAndrew closed the door he saw someone crying. He then realized it wasrnKelly. \"Kelly? Are you alright?\" Andrew asked gently. Kellyrnwas surprised to hear his voice. She turned to see his face. She wasrnshocked. She didn't want him to know the reason why she was crying.rn\"Andrew? What are you doing here?\" She couldn't think of anything elsernto say. \"I live here..\" Andrew said. He walked toward her and bent down to look at her face to face,\"Whats wrong?\" he asked. \"Nothing..\" Kelly said turning her face the other way not looking at him. Andrew took his hand and turned her face to look at him. \"Kelly, if nothing is wrong then why are you out here crying?\" he asked. Kelly looked into his eyes. He had those eyes where you can just stare into forever. \"Kelly?\" Andrew asked. Kellyrnopened her mouth to say something, but then heard a car honk. They bothrnlooked toward a car stopped in front of the Carson house. It wasrnKelly's mother. \"I have to go, Andrew...bye...\" Kelly said getting up and running to her mothers car not looking back. Andrewrnstood up and watched her go. He ran down the front steps as Kellyrnhopped into the car and closed the car door not looking at him. \"Bye,\" Andrew whispered. Afterrnhe watched Kelly leave, he walked back up the stairs and sat in thernseat on the porch Kelly sat in. All Andrew wanted to know was why Kellyrnhad been crying. A/N: There we go! Chapter 6! Wahoo! It didn't take me too long to update! :-) Thanks for the reviews. Please review this chapter. It'll mean alot to me. :-)[Chapter 7] Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Motocrossed characters, or the movie. Chapter 7 Thernnext day Andrew woke up around 9 o'clock that morning feeling like thernweather outside. Grey, cloudy, and just plain, old miserable. He knewrnit was all because of what happened the day before. When he saw Kellyrncrying out on the porch and she wouldn't tell him what was wrong. Andrewrnsat at the edge of his bed with his elbows on his knees and his face inrnhis hands. He really hoped that Andrea and Kelly would hang out hererntoday. He really needed to see her. Afterrna few minutes, Andrew stood up and went over to his window. He lookedrnout it, and saw the rain falling hard on the windows. In the distancernhe saw some lightening flash. \"Nope. It's not going to be a day to practice motocross,\" he said to himself. Hernthen walked out his room and walked down the stairs to have somethingrnfor breakfast. When he got to the kitchen, he saw that only Andrea,rnJason, and Mrs. Carson were up and sitting at the table. \"Good morning, Andrew,\" Mrs. Carson said. \"Morning. Where's dad?\" Andrew asked. \"Hernhad to leave early this morning. He had some meeting to go to,\" Mrs.rnCarson said and turning to Jason she said,\"Jason, are you almost readyrnto go to Nick's house? \"Yea mom, I'm almost done,\" Jason told his mother. \"Mom,rnI'm going out with Dean today. He is picking me up around 10. He wasrngoing to take me to the park where there is a water view and we arerngoing to sit by the rocks and have a picnic, but since its raining Irnthink our plans are changing..\" Andrea said. \"Ok, honey. After Irndrop Jason off I am going to go grocery shopping. \" Mrs. Carson saidrnstanding up and walking over to the sink to wash some dishes. 'Awesomet, that means I am going to be home alone. I can't wait,' thought Andrew. -- Inrnabout 10 minutes, Jason and Mrs. Carson were leaving the house, andrnAndrew has just finishing his cereal when the phone rang. \"I'll get it,\" said Andrea,\" It's probably Dean. \"Ok,\"rnAndrew said as he stood up, went to the sink to put his bowl and spoonrnaway, and he left the room. He didn't really feel like listening to arnhappy couple talk. Andrew was walking up the stairs when he decided torntake his shower. He walked into the bathroom, and wanted to take a nicernlong shower. Aboutrn40 minutes later, Andrew turned off the shower and realized he didn'trnbring any clothes with him in the bathroom. Remembering no one wasrnprobably home, he wrapped a towel around his middle and stepped out ofrnthe bathroom. Whenrnhe was walked to his room, he passed the stairs and he looked down andrnsaw Kelly standing at the doorway talking to Andrea. Andrew stood therernin shock staring at her. He noticed that Kelly still seemed kind ofrndown. Then he saw her look up and her eyes landed on Andrew. Andrew sawrnher blush and turn to Andrea kind of fast. 'Why is shernblushing...' thought Andrew. Then he remembered he was just in a towel.rnHe then hurried into his room. When he closed the door, he went to hisrncloset and picked out his clothes he was going to wear. Afterwards,rnonce Andrew was all dressed, he wanted see Kelly. So, he left his roomrnand went to search the house to see if she was still there. He left hisrnroom, and went to look in Andrea's room first. He walked towardrnAndrea's room, and her door was left open and Andrew peaked his head inrnand saw no one. Then he left the room to look for them downstairs. Atrnthe bottom on the stairs, Andrew thought he heard voices coming fromrnthe living room. He walked over to the archway to get to the livingroomrnand looked in. He saw Andrea, and Dean sitting on the couch cuddled uprntogether. Then his eyes wandered over to the chair and saw Kellyrnsitting in it. \"Oh, hi Andrew,\" Andrea said as she looked up to see who had entered. \"Hey, what are you guys doing?\" Andrew asked. \"Well,rnsince it is raining, Dean and I can't go on our picnic so we thought wernwould just relax and maybe watch a movie. Then Kelly showed up and wasrnsorry she had to leave early yesterday. So we are all trying to decidernon a movie to watch, do you want to join us?\" Andrea asked. 'So, that was why Kelly came by,' Andrew thought. He glanced toward Kelly who was looking at her hands. \"Um,rnsure. Just as long as it is not The Princess Diaries. I am so sick ofrnthat chick flick,\" Andrew told her siting in the chair opposite Kelly. \"That is my favorite movie though!\" exclaimed Andrea. \"I agree with Andrew. There is know way we are watching that,\" Dean said. \"Well, then what do you guys want to see?\" Andrea asked. \"How about...Dumb and Dumber. I haven't seen that movie in a very long time,\" Dean said. \"No, no way,\" Andrea said as she shook her head. \"Ok, how about we flip for it, heads for Princess Diaries, tales for Dumb and Dumber,\" Andrew said,\"Anyone have a coin?\" \"Um,rnI do,\" Kelly finally spoke up, and she stood up and reached into herrnjean shorts pocket. Once she got a penny out she handed it to Andrew,rnand for one second when Andrew went to take it from her hand, theirrnhands brushed each other and they both felt chills when they touched. \"Um,rnthanks,\" Andrew said. Andrew cleared his throat and flipped the coin.rnWhen he caught it and removed his hand from the coin, it showed heads. Andrew and Dean let out a groan. \"Yes,rnPrincess Diaries it is,\" Andrea said, but when she saw Dean's face shernsaid,\"Aw, I'm sorry, next time we can watch Dumb and Dumber.\" \"Yea, yea, yea, just put the movie in,\" Dean said. \"Here's your coin, Kelly,\" Andrew said handing it to her. \"Its ok, you can keep it,\" Kelly said. \"You sure?\" Andrew asked. \"Andrew, its only a penny. You can have it,\" Kelly said with a smile. Andrew smiled back, and slid it into his pocket. \"Well, I'll put the DVD in the player,\" Andrew said. Throughoutrnthe movie, Andrea and Dean cuddled closer, and Andrew kept looking atrnKelly not really paying attention to the movie. During the ballroomrnscene at the end of the movie, Kelly's mind wandered to the daydreamrnshe had the other day. She stared at the television set feeling sadrnthat the one she really wanted to be with was just sitting across fromrnher, but there was no way she could tell him. Afterrnthe movie, Andrea fell asleep leaning on Dean, and Dean fell asleeprnwith his head laying on the back of the couch. Kelly looked at themrnwith jealousy in her eyes. Not because she liked Dean, Dean was reallyrnnice, but not her type. She wanted to find the guy that wasrnright for her. She looked in the direction of Andrews chair, but hernwasn't sitting in it. He was taking the DVD out of the player. Kelly stood up and said,\"Well, my mom should be picking me up soon, I'm going to go outside and wait for her. Bye Andrew.\" Andrewrnturned around,\"Bye.\" This was his chance. He could try again and askrnher why she was crying yesterday. So, he followed her out of the house,rnand out on the porch where he saw her looking out watching the rain. \"Hey,\" he said. \"Oh, Andrew, what are you doing out here?\" Kelly asked him. \"I wanted to ask you something,\" he said. Kelly stared at him. \"Kelly, why were you crying yesterday?\" He asked. Kelly looked at her feet. \"Well, I guess because well....\" she turned away. \"What? Because what?\" he askedagain. \"Andrew, I just....I just...I just wish my dreams would come true. Thats all,\" Kelly said looking back at him. \"Kelly,rnif you dream hard enough, and believe that anything can happen...yourrndreams will come true...sorry if that came out corny..\" Andrew saidrnwith a little laugh. Kelly smiled,\"No. Its true. Thanks Andrew.\" Arncar drove up to the front of the house and Andrew saw it was his mom.rnMrs. Carson opened herr car door and said,\"Andrew? Can you help me withrnthese groceries? \"Sure, mom,\" he replied. \"I'll help,\" Kelly said. Andrew smiled at him. \"Let's just hope my mom doesn't see Andrea with Dean on the couch looking pretty cozy..\" Andrew whispered to her. Kelly laughed. Kelly ran out into the rain, and Andrew ran out after her to help Mrs. Carson. -- AfterrnKelly and Andrew helped Mr. Carson with the groceries, Kelly's mom camernby to pick her up. Andrew was sad to see her go, because they werernhaving fun unloading the groceries together. they were tossing some ofrnthe groceries at each other and just having fun. When Mrs. Carson sawrnAndrea and Dean sleeping close to each other on the couch she thoughtrnshe should separate them before Mr. Carson got home. When she did, Deanrnsaid it was about time to go home, and Andrea walked him to the door,rnand they said goodbye for a long time... -- Upstairsrnin Andrew's room that night, Andrew sat on his bed thinking. He reachedrnin his pocket for the penny Kelly gave him to do the heads/tails with.rnHe smiled when he remembered how it felt to touch her hand. He feltrnhappy. He then put the penny up on his night stand. It may have beenrnrainy, and grey outside, but inside, he felt like it was a sunny day. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Review please? :-)[Chapter 8] Disclaimer:Nope. I still don't own any of the Motocrossed characters,rnnor do I own the Motocrossed movie. The Disney Channel does. Chapter 8 Thernrest of the weekend was uneventful for Andrew. Mr. and Mrs. Carsonrnwanted to spend time with their kids before they went to school. So,rnthey spent the weekend doing family avtivities such as cook outs, andrnmini golfing. They did these family activities during the day, and inrnthe evening to the night, Mr. Carson had Andrew practice motocross, andrnevery night when Andrew went to bed, he felt so tired and drained ofrnhis energy. I still likes motocross, but his father just pushes him toornmuch and now all he wants to do is sleep. OnrnTuesday, their first day of school, Andrew's alarm clock rang at 6:30rnAM. His eyes barely flickered open and he leaned over to shut his alarmrnclock off. Falling back on his bed, he rubbed his eyes with his handsrnand stared at the ceiling. \"I really don't want to go to school.rnI just want to sleep,\" he told himself, but Dean was going to pick uprnhim and Andrea to go to school since he was the only one old enough torndrive a car. Dean is 17, and a senior in high school. So, Andrewrnclimbed out of his bed, and went straight to his closet to findrnsomething to wear. He finally picked out a pair of jeans and a navyrnblue shirt. He then left his room to go to the bathroom and take arnshower. However, when he got to the bathroom, the door was locked. Hernknocked on the door, and Andrea yelled from the inside,\"I'm taking arnshower! Andrew groaned ad retreated to the dwnstairs bathroom.rnHe was in luck because when he got to the downstairs bathroom to thernright of the stairs, Jason was just leaving it,\"Andrea still in thernbathroom upstairs?\" \"Yeah, it's like this all the time duringrnschool. She hogs the bathroom for like an hour!\" Andrew said beforernwalking into the bathroom and closing the door. Afterwards,rnaround 7 am, Andrea, Andrew, Jason, and Mrs. Carson were sitting at therntable eating breakfast. \"When is Dean picking you guys up?\" Mrs. Carson asked sipping her coffee. \"Hernshould be here around 7:15. School starts at 7:30. Atleast homeroomrndoes,\" Andrea said pushing her hair back with her hand. Andrew still wasn't really awake. He hated the first day of school. He wished he was back in school. \"Andrew? Hello? Wake up!\" Jason yelled in his face when he saw that Andrew had fallen asleep holding his spoon over his bowl. \"Man, I wish I had my camera with me...\" Jason said. Then, Jason smacked Andrew over the back of his head to wake him up. \"Hey, what did you do that for?\" Andrew asked while he rubbed the back of his head. \"You fell asleep over your cereal,\" Jason said simply,\"Man, what time did you get to bed last night? \"Um, 11PM,\" Andrew said. \"Your dad had you out playing that late on a school night?\" Mrs. Carson asked. \"No, no, no. I ended outside around 9:30. I stayed up late practicing my guitar,\" Andrew reassured his mother. \"Well,rnI'm still going to have a talk with your father. He is pushing you toornhard,\" Mrs. Carson said. Andrew smiled at this. His mother would getrnhis father to go easy on him. Then the doorbell rang. Andrea jumped up. \"I bet thats Dean!\" Andrea said running to the door. Afterrnabout 10 minutes, Dean. Andrea, and Andrew were in Dean's car on thernway to school. --------------------------------- A/N: Irnam sorry this is so short! Next chapter they will be in school and itrnshould be longer! I promise! I haven't updated in a while because I'vernbeen working on my Harry Potter fanfic! :-) Thanks for the reviews! :-D[Chapter 9] Disclaimer: I don't own any of the Motocross characters. Disney does. Chapter 9 Andrew'srnfirst day back at school could have been better. He wasn't in any ofrnhis sisters classes. The school made sure brother and sister weren'trntogether in the same classes with the exception of homeroom. Well,rnhomeroom isn't really a class. When Andrew walked into his Englishrnclass 1st period, he found a surprise. \"Kelly. Hi,\" he said sitting down next to her at the back of the class. She was wearling jeans with a pink shirt, and she wore her hair down. \"Hi, Andrew. So, you have English with me?\" she asked smiling. \"Yeah,\" Andrew said. They would have talked tonger, but there English teacher, Mr. Simmons started to speak. \"Ok,rnclass. You are all sophomores in highschool right now. You will not berntreated like freshmen. Now, I am going to assign you all seats whichrnyou will sit in ALL year!\" the teacher told them. Mr. Simmons was arntall man, who was starting to go bald. After about twentyrnminutes, he assigned everyone seats. Andrew did not like his seatrnbecause he was in the front row and Kelly was on the opposite side ofrnthe classroom toward the back. As soon as the bell rang, Andrew jumped out of his seat. \"Everyone! For homework read the first story in your text book, and write a summery on it!\" Mr. Simmons yelled over the bell. Out in the corridor, Andrew went walking to his next class. Then someone came up and walked next to him. \"Hi,\" Kelly said. Andrew smiled. \"Isn't that english teacher lousy?\" Andrew asked making a face. \"Yeah, it will be an interesting year,\" Kelly told him. ---------- Andrewrnwent to the rest of his classes for the day, and those classes Kellyrnwas not in with him. Some of his friends from school were in thosernclasses, but he wanted Kelly to be there. At lunch, Andrew sat next tornDean, who sat next to Andrea, and Andrew sat next to his other friend,rnDave. Kelly joined them half way through the lunch period. She had saidrnshe was talking to one of her teachers. All lunch period,rnAndrew kept seeing Dave glancing at Kelly with a sly smile. Andrewrndidn't like this much. So, Andrew started up a conversation aboutrnmotocross to Dave so maybe he wouldn't stare so much at Kelly. \"Andrew,rnaren't you going to tell him that you got an offer to race in Europernfor next summer?\" Dean asked getting into the conversation. \"Dude, really? Thats awesome! Are you going to take it?\" Dave asked. \"I don't really know. I'm still thinking about it,\" Andrew said. \"Well, I think he should go,\" Kelly said smiling. Andrewrncouldn't help but smile. He liked her so much. The rest of the lunchrnperiod was pretty much about Andrew getting the offer to race in Europe. -------- Byrnthe end of the day, Andrew was at his locker getting all of his books.rnAndrew was planning on going to sign up for the jazz band in the bandrnroom. The school jazz band was looking for a guitar player. \"Hey, Andy. Whats up? Need a ride home?\" Dean asked walking up to him with his arm around Andrea. \"Um,rnsure, but I need to do something first...uh, I'll meet you at your carrnin a few minutes,\" Andrew said closing his locker and walking off. Inrnthe band room, where the signup sheet was posted, Andrew stood. Hernturned his head around and saw a bunch of people getting ready for arnband practice which must have been marching band. The room was huge,rnwith lockers for storing instruments in, and band and chorus trophiesrnfrom competions. Andrew then turned his head back to the signuprnsheet, took a pen out from him book bag, and signed his name underneathrnthe guitar list. So, far it was only him and another person. He signedrnup for an auditon tomorrow afterschool. He knew he was ready. He wantedrnto go home and practice a little more. Walking out of the bandrnroom, he started to make his way toward the doors to the studentrnparking lot. When he turned a cornor, he saw Kelly. She wasn't alonerneither. She was with Dave. It looked like Dave was flirting with her.rnAndrew felt as though his feet were planted right in the ground. Hernalso felt as though his heart was beating a mile a minute. Herndecided he couldn't watch anymore, so he turned back around and startedrnto walk the long way to the student parking lot. He couldn't believernthis. Dave and Kelly? He had known Dave since Elementry school, andrnKelly...his Kelly...he couldn't believe someone else liked Kelly. Hernfelt sad. He felt angry towards Dave. When he finally made it to Dean's car, he saw Dean and Andrea leaning on Dean's car talking. \"Hey, what took you so long?\" Andrea asked Andrew when she saw him. \"Lets just go home,\" Andrew said, getting into the car. --------- Whenrnthey got home, Andrew got out of the car, slammed the door shut, andrnwalked into the house leaving Dean and Andrea staring at him. Whenrnhe got into the house, he walked straight up to his room, and closedrnhis door. He should do his homework, but that could wait. Instead herntook out his guitar, and started practicing his favorite piece he wasrngoing to play at his audtion. Then he heard someone knock on his door. \"Come in,\" he said. Andrea opened the door, and she stood in the doorway. \"Are you ok?\" she asked. \"Yes, I'm fine,\" Andrew said. \"Are you sure? You seem pretty mad about something?\" Andrea asked. \"Andrea! I am fine! Just leave me alone,\" he told his twin. \"Ok,rnBut Andrew, you know you can tell me anything. We are twins. I can tellrnsomething is bothering you. Whenever you are ready can you please tellrnme?\" Andrea asked. \"Fine, whatever,\" Andrew said just to make his sister happy. Andrea walked out of his room, and shut the door. \"You wanna know....I am falling for your best friend, and she doesn't feel the same way...\" Andrew said to himself. ------------------------------------------------------------ A/N:rnThanks for the reviews! Sorry I haven't updated in a long time. I kindrnof had writers block with this story, and I had the idea for a HarryrnPotter fic. I'll try and update soon![Chapter 10] Chapter 10 The rest of the day, Andrew spent in his room playing his guitar, writing lyrics, and doing his homework. He just wasn't in the mood to be around people. He did, however, come down for dinner. He didn't say much, though. After dinner, when Andrew was walking up the stairs when the phone rang. After a couple of rings someone must have picked up. Then his mother yelled from downstairs,\"Andrew! Phone!\" After a sigh, Andrew walked the rest the the way to his room and picked up the phone. \"Ok, mom! I have it!\" he yelled downstairs away from the receiver. \"Hello?\" he said into the receiver. \"Hey, Andy,\" Dean said. \"Hey, man, whats up?\" Andrew asked walking to his window. \"Not much..Andy it seemed like something was bothering you afterschool...did something happen?\" Dean asked. \"Andrea already tried to talk to me about it and I just can't tell her,\" Andrew said into the phone. \"Ah, so it is about Kelly.\" \"How did you know?\" \"Because I can tell. Now tell me what happened,\" Dean said. \"Ok,rnwell, I was walking to the parking lot to meet you and Andrearnafterschool and, well, I saw Kelly...and Dave. They were flirting and it wasn't a great feeling that I got watching them,\" Andrew explained. \"Whoa, did Kelly look like she was liking him?\" \"I don't know. Maybe. Probably.\" \"Thats just weird, man. It seemed like she was liking you. It really did..\" Dean said. \"I just can't get my mind off of her.\" \"Well, maybe you just have to let it go.\" \"What?\" Andrew asked. \"You know..let it go. I mean, maybe you and Kelly, well, maybe you should just forget about her,\" Dean said carefully. \"Forget anout Kelly?\" \"Don't you want Kelly to be happy?\" Dean asked. \"Yeah,\" Andrew said simply. \"Yourrnmiserable now, I know, but maybe you should break away from her for arnwhile. Work on your music, or work on motocross. YOu have the opportunity to race in Europe! That is a once in a life time opportunity pretty much!\" Dean said. \"I don't know, Dean. I'll talk to you tomorrow.\" \"Ok, can you get ANdrea? I want to talk to her,\" Dean said. \"K, one second,\" Andrew said. Andrew walked over to his door and opened it. Then he yelled,\"ANDREA! DEAN IS ON THE PHONE!\" Afterrnhearing that Andrea had picked up the phone, Andrea hung his phone up,rnand sat in his chair. He didn't want to just sit down and watch Kelly be with another guy, but if that is what she wanted..then maybe he should just let her be with Dave. \"Whatever would make her happy, even if she would be dating one of my good friends..\" he said to himself. ---- Thernnext day, Andrew got up rather on the early side and showered. After hernwas dressed he got all of his stuff ready for the day. He brought his back pack, and guitar downstairs. Then he had breakfast and waited for Dean to arrive to bring him and Andrea to school. When he was sitting on the couch waiting, his father came in. \"Morning, Andrew, have you thought about Europe next summer?\" he asked standing in front of him. \"Um, yeah. I think I will go, dad,\" Andrew said. \"Great! I will tell them today!\" Mr. Carson said with a big smile. When Mr. Carson left, ANdrew was left with his thoughts. 'Yes,rnthis is the right choice. I love motocross. It is a greatrnopportunity...best of all..it should keep my mind off of Kelly,' hernthought. A/N: Next chapter will have ANdrew in school and his audition and a little surprise before that maybe.. :-) Review please?[Chapter 11] Disclaimer: I do not own any ofrnthe Motocrossed characters. It would be great if I did, but, alas, Irndon't. I also don't own \"A Thousand Miles\" Vanessa Carlton does. Authors note: I should mention that Andrew is sometimes called Andyrnbecause Andy is short for Andrew and Andrea is sometime called Andirn(notice the i at the end?). Just to let you guys know. Chapter 11 Forrnthe whole school day, Andrew tried really hard not to see Kelly. It wasrnhard in English class, but he ran in there right when the bell rang andrnleft right away. He felt kind of bad for ignoring Kelly, but he felt itrnis what he had to do. If Kelly wanted to be with Dave, he wouldn'trnstand in the way. Atrnlunch, he was sitting with different people. He sat with his otherrnfriends Alex, and Chris. He hadn't seen them in a while, so it was nicernto talk with them. Afterrna long day of classes, and trying to ignore Kelly, the last bellrnfinally rung. Andrew left his Science class quickly, and went to hisrnlocker. While he was doing the combination to his lock, he felt someonernnext to him. Andrew turned around and saw Dean. \"Hey, Dean,\" Andrew said. \"Hey, why weren't you sitting with us at lunch?\" Dean asked. \"Um,rnI just wnted to sit with some guys I haven't talked to in a while thatsrnall..\" Andrew told him finishing the combination to his locker andrnopening it. \"Ok, well, did you want a ride home today?\" Dean asked. \"Um,rnI'll be ok. I have some things to do after school,\" Andrew said puttingrnsome books into his locker and taking out a different book. Then Andrew closed his locker and saw Kelly walking down the corridor. \"Um, I have to go now..talk to ya later,\" Andrew said walking away. ThenrnAndrew made his way to the band room to get ready for his audition. Hernbrought his guitar in there and left it in the the audition room, wherernhe figured it would be ok, and it was. Since he wasn't the first one tornaudition, he sat in the band room for a bit practicing a little. Herndidn't realize that someone was sitting behind him watching him withrninterest. When he saw the sudition room door open in front ofrnhis, and the guy that was before him stepped out, Andrew started to getrnnervous. \"Andrew Carson?\" the jazz band director asked reading his name from the signup sheet. \"Thats me,\" Andrew said raising his hand slightly. \"Ok,rnyou can set up in here, and I'll be in there in a sec,\" he told himrnpointing to the audition room and walking into the band room officernwhich was right behind him. The audition didn't take too long.rnAndrew played a jazz piece, and he thought he did pretty well. The bandrndirector seemed pleased. Afterwards, Andrew walked out and went to putrnis guitar in its case. Then he heard a voice while he was doing that. \"So, how'd you do?\" the voice asked. Andrew looked up. He saw a girl that looked about his age with brown hair that was down to her shoulders. \"Um, I think I did pretty well,\" Andrew said,\"Whats your name?\" \"I'm Samantha, but everyone calls me Sam. Whats yours?\" Sam asked. \"Andrew. You can call me Andrew...or Andy, but I prefer Andrew because some people call my sister Andrea, Andi...\" Andrew said. \"You have a twin?\" Sam asked. \"Yeah, what grade are you in?\" Andrew asked while closing his guitar case. \"I'm in 11th, you?\" Sam asked him. \"10th, so are you in the band?\" \"No, I'm in the chorus...but I do sing with the Jazz band. I hope you make it, Andrew,\" Sam said with a smile. Andrew smiled back. \"Thanks, so do I,\" Andrew told her. \"Well, maybe I'll seee you around?\" Sam asked. \"Yeah, maybe,\" Andrew said. Sam smiled one last smile before turning and walking toward the exit, leaving Andrew staring after her. This was the first girl who got his mind off Kelly. He really hope he did make the Jazz band since Sam sang with them. ThenrnAndrew gathered his book bag and threw that over his shoulder and tookrnhis guitar and walked out of the band room. He decided to walk home. Itrnwasn't a very long walk. As he was walking, he couldn't stoprnthinging about Sam. She was so nice, pretty, and this was the firstrngirl who he liked more than Kelly. Atleast he thought so. Now,rnKelly was with Dave, and Andrew was thinking that would be ok. -Making my way downtown -Walking fast -Faces pass -And I'm home bound -Staring blankly ahead -Just making my way -Making a way -Through the crowd -And I need you -And I miss you -And now I wonder -If I could fall -Into the sky -Do you thinkrntime -Would pass me by -Cause you know I'drnwalk a thousand miles -If I could just see you... tonight -It's always times like these -When I think of you -And I wonder -If you ever think of me -Cause everything's so wrong -And I don't belong -Living in -Your precious memory -Cause I need you -And I miss you -And now I wonder -If I could fall -Intornthe sky -Do you think time -Would pass me by,oh -Cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles Now he knew, being with Sam was good. Just what he needed to try and get over Kelly. ------------------------------------------------------------------ Please review to tell me what you think. :-D Whoa..no Josh Groban lyrics in this?? :-O[Chapter 12] Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Motocrossed characters. Nor do Irnown the movie. Disney channel does. Although, it would be fun to workrnfor Disney. Chapter 12 That day, Andrew walked uprnthe front porch after school in a good mood. His mind was off of Kelly,rnand was now thinking about Sam. Andrew opened the front door,rnand was about to walk up stairs to start on his homework when he heardrnvoices from the living room. Being curious, Andrew walked into the living room and saw Andrea, Dean, and Kelly. \"Hey, Andrew. Why didn't you come home with us?\" Andrea asked. \"Oh, I had my audition today and I walked home,\" Andrew said still smiling. \"How'd you do?\" Andrea asked. \"Pretty good I think,\" Andrew said. \"So, you going to hang out with us?\" Kelly asked. \"Um, not right now. I want to get my homework finished,\" he said walking out of the room and up the stairs to his room. When he entered his room, Dean followed him up and knocked on his door. \"Hey,\" Andrew said. \"Um, whats up?\" Dean asked. \"Well, I met someone,\" Andrew said. \"What do you mean, you met someone?\" Dean asked him walking in. Andrew went to close the door. \"Well,rnyou see at my audition, well after my audtion, I met this girl whornsings in the Jazz band and she is..just great,\" Andrew said. \"What about Kelly?\" Dean asked. \"Kelly likes Dave. Dave likes Kelly, and I really like Sam,\" Andrew said. \"What grade is she in?\" Dean said. \"Shes in the 11th.,\" Andrew said. \"Oh, I see,\" Dean said walking to the door. \"Aren'trnyou happy for me? I'm finally happy. I was so depressed whenever I sawrnKelly with a guy. Now, I have someone who I actually know that shernlikes me,\" Andrew told Dean. \"Yeah, thats great. Your moving on,\" Dean said. Then Dean walked out of his room shutting the door behind him. \"I thought he would be a little more enthusiastic,\" Andrew said to himself. ------ WhenrnDean went back to the living room and sat down, he didnn't tell Kellyrnor Andrea about Andrew finding a girl other than Kelly. Although, Andrea could tell something was wrong. \"Whats wrong, hun?\" Andrea asked. \"Oh, nothing,\" Dean lied. \"Then why do you look like someone stole your dirt bike?\" Andrea asked. \"What? What are you talking about? My bikes fine. Right?\" Dean said starting to panic. \"Yes, its fine. Tell me whats wrong,\" Andrea said. Dean glanced at Kelly. \"I was talking to Andrew, thats all,\" Dean said. \"What did he say? He seemed really hapy when he got home,\" Andrea said. \"Well, I guess he met someone,\" Dean said glancing at Kelly. \"Really? Its about time he starts meeting girls. Who is it?\" Andrea asked. (a/n:remember andrea never knew about kelly and Andrews crush on each other before) \"Oh, an 11th grader. Sam I think is her name,\" Dean said. \"Oh, ok, well, what did you guys want to do?\" Andrea asked. \"Um, I need to go home now. I'll call you later Andrea,\" Kelly said standing up. \"Ok, \" Andrea said. Then Kelly walked out of the living room, went out onto the porch and decided to walk home since it was a nice day. Sherncouldn't believe that Andrew liked another girl. She thought he wasrnstarting to like her. Kelly felt like crying, but she didn't want torncry over a guy who was out of her reach. By the time she reached her front steps, she sat down on a chair outside her house, and sat there thinking. \"I'mrnnot going to worry about this. If Andrew wants to be with someone else,rnthen he obviously doesn't like me,\" she said to herself softly, but shernknew she still liked him. Review please???[Chapter 13] Disclaimer: I don't own any of the Motocrossed characters. Chapter 13 The next day, Andrew woke uprnvery nervous. He knew that he might find out if he made the guitar spotrnon the jazz band. If he made this spot then this would be one steprnforward to being a better guitar player with confidence. Afterrnshowering and dressing, Andrew walked downstairs carrying his backpackrnwearing loose fitting blue jeans, and a blue motocrossed t-shirt.rnDropping his back pack down on the couch, he walked into the kitchen tornfind his father and mother sitting at the kitchen table eatingrnbreakfast and drinking coffee. \"Morning,\" Andrew said grabbing a cereal box on the table and pouring some into his bowl and then the milk. \"Good morning, Andrew,\" Mrs. Carson said. \"Morning,rnAndrew. I called the Eurpean Moto Association. Everything is prettyrnmuch all set. They are going to send you some information through thernmail and by next summer you will be riding in Europe with some of thernbiggest names,\" Mr. Carson said excitedly. \"Yeah, I can't wait,\"rnAndrew said smiling. He was telling the truth. He really can't wait. Itrnwas actually a chance for him to go off to another country. \"Have you been practicing?\" Mr. Carson asked. \"Not as much as I have been because of school. I promise to practice today after school though,\" Andrew said. Justrnthen Andrea came in wearing a jean skirt that came just above her kneesrnand a 3/4 sleeve green shirt with a \"v\" shaped neck. \"Morning. Whatsrneveryone talking about?,\" she said sitting next to Andrew. \"Oh,rnjust about Andrew going off to Europe next summer,\" Mr. Carson said asrnJason walked in wearing loose fitting blue jeans and an orange t-shirt. \"Oh, thats, um, great,\" Andrea said. ----- Arnlittle while after breakfast, Dean came by to pick Andrea and Andrew uprnfor school. When they arrived in the school, Andrew walked to hisrnlocker with Dean and Andrea and put some of his books away and tookrnsome books out. Then Kelly walked up to them. \"Hey everyone,\" Kelly said doing the combination to her locker. \"Hi, Kelly,\" Andrea said. \"Well, I have to go. See you guys later,\" Andrew said shutting his locker door. Kelly looked after him and wanted to follow, but decided against it since he was not interested in her at all. - Andrewrnhurried over to the band room before homeroom was to start. When hernentered he turned right and went to the bulliton board. He felt sort ofrnout of place in the band room, but he liked playing his guitar and hernwas just going to have to get use to it. After looking around onrnthe board, he ran across the jazz band list members. He ran his fingerrndown until he reached the guitar list and saw two names. One he did notrnrecognize, and the other was his own name. Andrew smiled. He had made it. \"Yes,\" he said silently. \"Congratulations,\" a voice said behind him. Andrew turned around to see Sam smiling at him. She was wearing light blue jeans and a long-sleeved pink shirt. He smiled back. \"Thanks, I really wasn't sure if I would make it,\" Andrew said. \"I knew you would. I heard your audtion. You're pretty good,\" Samantha said. \"Well, I should get to homeroom,\" Andrew said. \"I'll walk with you,\" she said. \"So, when is the first rehearsal?\" Andrew asked as they walked into the corridor. \"Afterschool today,\" Sam said. \"Afterschool? Today?\" Andrew asked. He promised his father that he would practice motocross. \"Yes. Why? Is that a problem?\" Sam asked concerned. \"No,rnnot really. Its just that I was going to ride my dirt bike. I promisedrnmy dad I would practice because I'm going to Europe with the EMA in thernsummer,\" Andrew said. \"EMA?\" Same asked. \"European Motocross Association,\" Andrew told her. \"Oh, I see. So, your not going to the rehearsal?\" Sam asked sounding disappointed. They stopped walking infront of a stairway and faced each other. \"Of course I will. Can't miss my first rehearsal, now can I?\" Andrew said with a smile. Sam smiled. \"Well, I can't wait,\" Sam said. The first bell rang signaling that it was time to get to homeroom for the morning announcements. \"Well, I better go,\" she said. \"Bye, Sam,\" Andrew said smiling. Samrnsmiled and walked up the stairs, leaving Andrew watching her still withrna smile on his face. Then Andrew turned to the left and walked to hisrnhomeroom. Behind him, stood Kelly. Kelly watched them together. She nowrnknew that it was true. She thought she was going to be strong, but sherncouldn't. She had tears in her eyes that wanted to come out. She stillrnreally liked Andrew. She wanted to be with him. She saw with her ownrneyes that Andrew was into another girl. Kelly crossed her arms over herrnchest and walked to her homeroom very glad that her homeroom was notrnthe same as Andrew's, or Andrea's. --- Kelly was ok afterrnhomeroom. She had avoided Andrew all day until she arrived at English.rnShe sat down in her seat just knowing Andrew would be there any minuternand she was right. Just as she sat down, Andrew walked over to hisrnseat. She felt tears in her eyes again, but didn't let them fall. Atrnlunch, she sat with Andrea and Dean. After a bit, Dave came and joinedrnthem sitting next to Kelly. Kelly just smiled at him. She knew Davernliked her alot, and she thought he was a nice guy, but he was nornAndrew. During the whole lunch period, Kelly picked at her food, andrnoccasionally lglanced ver at where Andrew was sitting. He was sittingrnwith Sam, who had introduced him to other members of the jazz band. \"Kelly? Are you ok?\" Andrea asked as they were standing up from their circular table to leave the cafeteria. \"Yeah, I'm fine,\" she answered. \"Kelly, it sure doesn't look it. Tell me whats wrong,\" Andrea told her. \"Nothing.rnI'm fine. Really,\" Kelly said. She really didn't want to tell Andrearnabout Andrew yet. She knew she would have to sometime, but she justrndidn't want to talk about him right now. \"Um, ok. Oh, and Kelly,rnI wanted to ask you if you wanted to go with Dean, Dave and I to arnmovie and some place to eat either friday night, or saterday. I thinkrnyou should. It would do you good,\" Andrea told her. \"Um, Ok,rnsure. I might as well,\" Kelly said shrugging. What sense would it be tornsit at home and think about the one guy who was not interested in herrnwhen she could go somewhere with a guy who was. ----- Afterschool,rnAndrew hurried toward the bandroom. He hoped that he wasn't late. Whenrnhe entered the band room he saw alot of people talking and gettingrninstruments out. He didn't see Sam anywhere. Anyway, Andrew walked overrnto one end of the band room with his guitar which he stored in hisrnlocker. He didn't want to keep it in the band room yet because herndidn't know many of these kids yet. After waiting about 10rnminutes, the practice started. Andrew learned that the other guitarrnplayer was really good. Andrew seemed to make a good impression,rnthough. there was a song with a long guitar solo, and since Keith, thernother guitar player was a senior he got it. Andrew was a little bummed,rnbut he didn't mind. His time to shine would come. Practice ended at 4 pm, and Andrew was closing his guitar case when Sam came up to him. \"Good job, Andrew. You did great,\" she said. \"Thanks. So did you. I mean, you sing really well,\" Andrew said to her pulling his back pack over his shoulder. \"Thanks, um, did you want to hang out this weekend?\" Same asked. \"Sure, that would be great. Friday night, or Saterday is good for me,\" Andrew said. \"How about friday night?\" Same asked. \"Great, see you then,\" Andrew said.[Chapter 14] Disclaimer : I do not own any of the Motocrossed characters, or nor do I own the movie. Chapter 14 Thernrest of the week flew by fast for Andrew. He was anxious to go on hisrndate with Sam. Then Friday, after school came. He walked upstairs tornhis room and decided to practice a little bit on is bike. So, herndressed into his motocross clothes, and walked down outside to therngarage. After a few hours, Andrew walked through the sliding glass doors in the kitchen and heard the phone ring. He ran to answer it. \"Hello?\" he asked. \"Hi, Andrew? Its Sam,\" Sam said. \"Hi, Sam. So, what time did you want to go out tonight?\" Andrew asked. \"That's the reason why I called actually. Can I pick you up at 6? We can go see a movie, or something,\" Sam suggested. (A/N: Andrew doesn't have his license ye he's only a sophomore) \"Sure, I'll see you then. So you know where I live?\" Andrew asked. \"No,\"rnSam said. Then Andrew gave her directions and said goodbye. While hernhung up the phone, Andrea and Kelly walked into the kitchen. \"Hey, Andrew,\" Andrea said. \"Hey,\" Andrew said. \"Who was on the phone?\" Andrea asked. \"Oh,rnjust Sam. We're going out tonight,\" Andrew said with a smile. As hernsaid this Andrew couldn't help but see Kelly's expression. She seemedrnto be trying not to look at him. \"Oh, that's nice. Dean and I are going to the movies with Kelly and Dave tonight,\" Andrea said. ' Oh, great... Kelly and Dave.' Andrew couldn't help but think. 'Wait, I'm over Kelly.' \"Uh,rnthat's nice, I have to go get ready. She'll be hear in about an hourrnand a half,\" Andrew said leaving the room to go take a shower. Afterrnabout twenty minutes, Andrew stepped out of the shower, dried off andrnwrapped a towel around his waist. He stepped out of the bathroom andrninto the hall to walk back to his room to get dressed. When he was half way to his room he bumped into someone. \"Oh sorry,\" Andrew said. Then he realized whom he had bumped into. Kelly. \"Uh, um, its ok, Andrew,\" Kelly said blushing and walking away quickly. Andrew looked back at her . 'Why was she blushing? ' he thought. Then he walked to his room to pick something nice to wear. Byrn5:50, Andrew was sitting down in the living room dressed in khakis andrna light blue button down shirt. His hair was combed nicely and itrnspiked up just a little. He looked really handsome. As he sat there and waited, two people entered the room, \"Hey,rnAndrew. My, you look nice for your date,\" Andrea said sitting next tornhim. Kelly was standing behind her trying to stay out of view fromrnAndrew. \"Thanks,\" Andrew said glancing toward Kelly who was now sitting on the arm of the couch, looking at her hands. Ding Dong. \"I'll get that. It must be Sam,\" Andrew said getting up to answer the door. As Andrew walked by Kelly, she could smell the cologne he was wearing. ' He smells so good. Wait I can't think about him like that! He is into someone else!' Kelly thought. A/N: The next chapter will consist of both dates. Should be interesting I hope.[Chapter 15] Disclaimer:rnSame as the other disclaimers in this fanfic. I do not own any of therncharacters you recognize from the Disney Channel movie Motocrossed. Chapterrn15 Just after Andrew left, Dean and Dave arrived to pick Kelly and Andrea up forrntheir date. \"Hey, Andrea,\" Dean greeted her with a hug. \"Hi, Kelly,\" Dave said with a smile. \"Hi,\" Kelly saidrnsmiling a little. \"Well, we better getrnto the theater before the movie starts,\" Dean said. When Andrea, Kelly,rnDean, and Dave arrived at the theater they walked over to the boxrnoffice to by their tickets. Dean bought Andrea's and Dave offeredrnto buy Kelly's. They were going to see the horror movie that wasrnplaying. Kelly seemed to be in arndaze most of the time on the ride to the theater. She had someone onrnher mind, and it wasn't Dave. \"Ok, now that we havernthe tickets, we better get our seats since the movie starts in 5rnminutes,\" Andrea said holding Dean's hand. They walked a littlernfurther, handed their tickets to the usher collecting tickets, andrnthey were free to go in to the theater. \"Let's sit here,\"rnAndrea said as she ran up to a row a little higher than the middle.rnEveryone nodded, so Andrea walked between the rows and took a seat inrnthe center of that row, with Dean next to her. Then Dave sat next tornDean, and Kelly brought up the rear, but when Kelly was about to sitrndown, she realized she knew the person sitting directly behind her.rnIt was Andrew with Sam. ' Oh, no ,' shernthought sitting down next to Dave. \"Hey, you guys, herernto see the movie too?\" Andrew asked them. Dean, Andrea, and Davernall turned around. \"Hi, this is nice. Wernall came to the same movie,\" Andrea said with a smile. \"Hey, dude,\" Deanrnsaid to Andrew,\"Hi, Sam,\" he said to Sam. Sam smiled and waved tornthem. Andrew noticed thatrnKelly had stayed turning away from him. \"Hi, Kelly,\" hernsaid. Kelly closed her eyes,rnand then turned around. \"Hi,\" she saidrnquietly and turning around when the lights were getting dimmer. Dean put his arm aroundrnAndrea, and Dave put his arm around Kelly, which made Kelly feel sortrnof weird. Then the movie startedrnand Kelly tried to get into the movie, but she really couldn't. Notrnknowing that they guy she wanted to be with was sitting directlyrnbehind her with another girl. Not even halfwayrnthrough the movie, Kelly couldn't take it any longer, she stood uprnand started to leave, Dave whispered, \"Kelly? Where are you going?\" \"Um, restroom,\" shernwhispered, leaving. Once out in the lobby,rnKelly started crying. She knew better than to cry about a boy, butrnthis was about a boy she really liked, and cared for, a boy thatrnliked another girl. She leaned against the wall and cried with herrnhand covering her face. Just then, the theaterrndoor opened and Andrew stepped out and saw Kelly crying. He walkedrnover to her wondering what was wrong. \"Kelly? What wrong?rnDid Dave do something?\" he asked, worried. Kelly was surprised tornsee him. She didn't want him to see her like this. \"No, he didn't dornanything. Its not him…\" Kelly said, through sobs, not looking atrnhim. \"Then what is it? Yourncan tell me,\" Andrew asked. They were silent for arnwhile, then Kelly turned to face him. She had tear stains on herrncheeks. \"It's you,\" shernsaid in a whisper. \"Me? What do yournmean?\" Andrew asked. \"I-I… I didn'trnwant to come here with Dave… I wanted to come here with you,\"rnKelly said running away to the bathroom. Andrew turned,rnthoroughly surprised. He didn't think Kelly liked him thatrnway. He ruined his chance to be with Kelly. He leaned against thernwall, and banged his head back a couple of times when Same came outrnof the movie they were suppose to be watching. \"Andrew, what'srnwrong?\" she asked. \"Sam, I'm sorry,rnbut I don't feel much like watching the rest of the movie. I'mrnstarting to feel a bit sick…\" Andrew said. Which wasn't arncomplete lie. \"Oh, ok, I'll takernyou home then,\" Sam said disappointed. Then they walked out ofrnthe building, with Andrew thinking of nobody but Kelly, and how hernruined his chance with her.[Chapter 16] Disclaimer:rnI do not own any of the Motocrossed characters. Would be awesome if Irndid, but alas, I don't. Chapterrn16 When Sam drove intornAndrew's drive way that night. They were both silent, until Andrewrnbroke the silence. \"I'm sorry aboutrnthis,\" he said, quietly. \"Oh, it's okay,rnAndrew. You just feel better, okay?\" Sam told him. Andrew nodded. \"Thanks,\" he said.rnHe put his hand on the handle to open the door when Sam leaned overrnand kissed his cheek. \"Night, Andrew,\"rnshe said. Andrew looked over at her, looking her in the eye. \"Night,\" he said,rnopening the door and stepping out, giving her a small smile. AsrnAndrew stepped onto the porch, he didn't feel the need to turnrnaround, but he knew once he opened his front door, Sam left. Hernheard her car leave. Not even sayingrnanything to his parents, or brother, Andrew walked upstairs, took arnshower, and got ready for bed. There was no way he was going to waitrnup for Andrea tonight. One thing that bothered him was, hernwas on a date with a beautiful girl, but yet when he looked intornSam's eyes, he didn't go weak in the knees whenever he lookedrninto Kelly's eyes. Now, he had ruined the one chance to be withrnKelly, and he knew she wouldn't want to see him anymore. He alsornknew he could never see Sam again. He would feel to weird aroundrnher. The rest of thernweekend, Andrew spent mostly outside riding his dirt bike trying tornget his mind off of things. Kelly did not show up at all at thernCarson house, but Dean did. Mostly to be with Andrea since Andrewrndidn't want to talk to either one of them. When Monday morningrncame, Andrew really didn't want to school, but he knew what hernneeded to. He didn't bother bringing his guitar, which botheredrnhim, but he knew he had to go to the band director and tell him herncouldn't be in the jazz band any longer. He told him it wasrnbecause another activity was conflicting with it. He loved playingrnhis guitar, but he knew he much rather would play by himself. Thernonly reason why he was staying in the jazz band was because of Sam,rnand now he couldn't dare look her in the face. So,rnthe rest of thernday, he avoided Sam, while trying to look for Kelly, which was hard. Inrnhis English class that Kelly and him has together, Kelly camernwalking in right at the bell, talking to one of her friends, and at hernend of class, shernleft too quickly for Andrew to get a word in. At lunch time,rnAndrew sat with some other friends, Chris and James. He keptrnglancing over at Kelly though. This was exactly howrnthe rest of his week had gone. Everyday after school, since he wasn'trnin jazz band anymore, Andrew did play his guitar, and write songsrnstill, but he mostly concentrated on motocross. His father wasrnextremely happy about this. Although, Andrew wouldn't be happyrnuntil Kelly would talk to him. Andrew still wasrnplanning on going to Europe in the next summer. Frankly, he couldn'trnwait. He couldn't wait to get out of the country. He needn't tornclear his head, and next June wouldn't come fast enough. About one week after thernmovie disaster date, Sam cornered Andrew and asked him how he wasrnfeeling. \"I'm doingrnalright,\" Andrew told her. \"That's good, howrncome you haven't been to any rehearsals, Andrew?\" she asked. \"I'm not in itrnanymore. I told the band director that I had a conflict with it,\" he said, quietly. \"Oh, well, okay. I'mrnglad you're feeling better,\" Sam told him,\"I miss you, yournknow.\" Andrew nodded not saying anything, for Kelly had justrnwalked by. He always missed hisrnchance with Kelly. He walked away from Sam, excusing himselfrnpolitely and trying to catch up with Kelly, but he couldn't. Kellyrnhad already reached Dave. Andrew felt as though someone had punchedrnhim in the stomach. She gave Dave a hug. He couldn't stand itrnany longer. Why was he like this? Why was Kelly doing this? Soon October came, andrnAndrew and Andrea passed their drivers test. They each didn't getrna car, but they did get one car to share. Atleast they had a car,rnthough. Andrew drove aroundrnquite a bit, when Andrea was out with Dean. Through the rest ofrnOctober, he saw Sam walking through the hallway at school. She wavedrnto him, and Andrew did wave back, but she wasn't Kelly. Kelly hadrncontinued to ignore Andrew, and Andrew didn't know what to do. \"I thought she wantedrnto be with me,\" he murmured, one Saterday afternoon in November,rnwhere he was in his room trying to think of lyrics for a new song.rnHe would be riding his dirt bike, but it was getting colder out, andrnhis mother would get angry if she saw him riding in mid November Just then, the phonernrang, and even though he was right next to the phone, he didn'trnanswer it. He knew it wasn't Kelly, so what was the point? Little did he know, itrnwas Kelly, but only to talk to Andrea. Andrea was planning on havingrna sleepover the first Saterday in December, inviting a few friends.rnKelly wanted to go, but she knew that Andrew would be there. Shernjust couldn't be around him after what happened back a few monthsrnago. With much talking,rnAndrea convinced Kelly that she should go to the sleepover. Afterrnshe hung up the phone, Andrea walked out of her room, and knocked onrnher brothers' door. \"Its open,\" Andrewrnsaid. Andrea opened the door,rnand peaked her head inside. \"You don't needrnthe car, right?\" she asked. \"Nope,\" he said,rnnot picking up his head. \"Okay, great. I needrnto go to the store. In a couple of weeks, I'm inviting Kelly and arnfew friends for a sleepover and I should start getting things readyrnnow,\" she said, before closing his door. At the mention ofrnKelly's name, Andrew popped his head up. \"A second chance..\"rnhe murmured, and his mouth grew into a smile. One that hadn't beenrnon his face for a good, long time. A/N: I'm so sorryrnfor the lack of updates! I was suffering from writer's block, andrnthen school went in the way. I'm sorry if this chapter is a bitrnrushed. I just want to get to December. I won't be rushing forrnawhile now. Also, I'm sorry for the boringness in this chapter! Thernnext chapter will not be so boring. I hope! I won't take foreverrnwith it either! My semester is almost finished! YAY![Chapter 17] Disclaimer:rnNo, I do not own any of the Motocrossed characters, or the originalrnplot. I also do not own the lyrics too \"Incomplete\". I believernit is a song from the Backstreet Boys, but I used the way AnthonyrnFedorov sang them on American Idol. He was my favorite. ) Too hearrnhim sing it, just let me know, and I'll give you the link. Chapterrn17 Over the next couple ofrnweeks, Andrew was a bit happier. He didn't just sit in his room,rnfeeling sorry for himself. He was going to get his chance. Hisrnchance to let Kelly know the truth and he wasn't going to letrnanything get in the way this time. He spotted Kelly inrnschool and just smiled, happily. She was still avoiding him, butrnwhat kept him in a good mood was the fact that he would try and talkrnto her when she went to Andrea's sleepover. On the Friday beforernthe sleepover, Andrew was at his locker, putting several of his booksrninto his backpack. His teachers gave him quite a lot of homework. Hernzipped up his backpack when someone tapped him on the shoulder. Hernspun around with a smile and saw Sam there. She looked pretty. Shernhad her hair down and she wore a blue dress. \"Hey, Andrew. Irnhaven't seen you around very much. Everything okay?\" Sam asked. Andrew's smile fadedrnslightly. \"I, um, yeah, everything's fine. Just have been busy.rnThat's all,\" he said with a small chuckle. Sam smiled. \"For arnsecond, I thought you might have been avoiding me. I hope not. Irnreally do like you, Drew. Did you want to do something thisrnweekend?\" Andrew got slightly nervous. \"Oh, um, I can't.rn I have plans. Motocross plans. In about 6 months, I'll be inrnEurope and my dad wants me watching a lot more Motocross tapes to getrnsome pointers,\" he told her. It wasn't a bad lie. It wasrnsomething his dad might even do. Sam lookedrndisappointed. \"Oh, okay. Well, I'll call you, then. Bye.\"rnWithout another word, Samantha walked away. Andrew sighed, and gladrnthat was over. He didn't want to give her the wrong impression,rnbut he just wasn't interested in her anymore. He just didn'trnknow how to let Sam down gently. Later on that day,rnAndrew stepped into the kitchen, putting his school bag on the tablernand walking toward the fridge. Andrea had caught a ride with Dean. \"Andrew, so, anyrnplans tonight?\" Mrs. Carson asked, who was busy baking cookies,rn\"Andrea's sleepover is tonight,\" Andrew smiled, withrnhis head in the fridge. Soon, he popped his head out, grabbing arnsoda. \"Um, yeah, I'mrngoing to call Dean. Maybe we can hang out,\" he said, opening hisrnsoda can and grabbing his backpack from the table. \"Okay,\" Mrs. Carsonrntold him, putting another batch of cookies in the oven. Upstairs, Andrew threwrnhis backpack onto the floor and he grabbed his phone, sitting on hisrnbed. He picked up the receiver and quickly dialed Dean's number. After 2 rings Deanrnanswered. \"Hey.\" Hey,\"rnAndrew replied. \"Hey, What's up?\" \"Not much. Hang outrntonight? Andrea's sleepover is tonight and…\" Andrew started tornsay, but Dean interrupted. \"Sure, Kelly isrngoing, isn't she?\" Andrew smiled at the sound of her name.rn\"Yep, she is.\" \"Well, you going to talk to her?\" Deanrnasked. \"I'm planning onrnit...\" \"Andy, buddy, get herrnalone, and tell her how you feel. I mean it, dude.\" Andrewrnsighed. \"I will. That's what I'm planning on doing.\" \"Good,rnmaybe I'll be by later on for a bit. I have a few things I gotta dornhere.\" \"'Kay, Dean, See you.\" Andrew hung up thernphone, glancing out his window. He couldn't wait. He was finallyrngoing to tell Kelly how he felt about her. The rest of thernafternoon, Andrew stayed in his room. It was a nice day outside,rnalthough getting quite chilly, but he was working on a few things.rnHe wanted that night to be perfect. By 5 PM, some ofrnAndrea's friends started to arrive. Andrew looked out his windowrnand saw that it wasn't Kelly. He knew that only three, maybe fourrngirls were going to be coming. Andrea had told him. Andrew stayed, lookingrnout his window until 5:15, when he saw Kelly walk up to the porch.rnHe smiled, watching her. As nervous as he was, he was going to dornit. He ran downstairs, nearly knocking over Jason and appeared atrnthe door just as Kelly rang the doorbell. He opened the door, seeingrnKelly. She looked surprised to see Andrew standing there. Andrew hadrnmade sure that he looked his best. He wore a pair of khaki's and arnblack button down shirt. \"Hey, here forrnAndrea's party?\" he asked her, holding open the door. Kelly nodded, notrnsaying anything. She adjusted her backpack on her shoulder. \"Comernon in, they're upstairs in Andrea's room,\" he told her. Kellyrnwalked inside, and made her way upstairs without a glance at Andrew. \"This better be worthrnit...\" Andrew muttered too himself, watching her go upstairs. Around 6 PM,rnDean came by and peaked his head to see Andrea. They said hello forrna good long while, while Andrea's friends giggled nearby. \"I'm going to gornhang out with Andrew for a bit, have fun,\" Dean told Andrea with arnsmile, giving her one last kiss. Andrea smiled, runningrna hand through her shoulder length blonde hair. When Dean arrived atrnAndrews door, which was opened only a bit, he knocked once. \"Who is it?\" Andrewrnyelled from inside. \"Dean.\" \"Oh,rnokay, come in.\" Dean stepped in his room and saw Andrew atrnhis desk, with his guitar in hand. \"You haven't toldrnme what you are going to do yet. What are you going to do?\" Deanrnasked him, sitting down on his bed. Andrew smiled. \"Irnhave something in mind. I just hope she'll realize… You'll findrnout.\" He told him. Dean sighed. \"Okay,rnfine. But when will you do it?\" Andrew smiled. \"Ifrnyou stick around until 8, 8:30, you'll find out,\" he said with arnsmile. Mr. and Mrs.rnCarson went out to dinner around 7 PM to give the girls some peace,rnand Jason went over a friends house so that he wouldn't be all thatrnbored. They were all pretty surprised that Andrew was in factrnstaying, but they didn't think much of it. Around 7:45, Andrewrnstarted to get nervous. He wasn't sure how Kelly would react, orrneven Andrea for that matter, but he had to do this. It was his chancernto do it and he was going to. No chickening out this time. Until the time, Andrewrnstayed in his room running a hand through his hair quite a bit. Arnnervous habit of his, and then he would run into the bathroom and fixrnhis hair. He wanted everything to be perfect. A smiled at hisrnreflection, he looked pretty damn good. He opened his bathroom doorrnjust as Kelly was about to go in. \"Oh, sorry,\" Andrewrntold her, seeing Kelly's face turn red. She was wearing her pinkrnpajamas. Pink pajama pants and a matching top. \"It's okay,\" shernsaid, sneaking past him and into the bathroom. Andrew smiled,rnwatching her close the door. From that time, untilrn8:15, Andrew began to pace in his room, going over in his head whatrnhe was going to do. Dean left his room, andrnnonchalantly walked past Andrea's room and saw the door open. Allrnfour girls were in there. Grinning, Dean walked back to Andrew'srnroom and told him. \"It's time...\"rnAndrew said, growing more and more nervous. They both walkedrnoutside, and got everything ready. It took about ten minutes. Theyrnwere out on the patio in the backyard, underneath the window. Andrew plugged the wirernto his guitar into the amp and prayed that his neighbors wouldn'trncall the police. He glanced over atrnDean, who gave him a nod and he started to play a song on his guitar.rn A song that wasn't his favorite, but he knew it was Kelly'srnfavorite. Upstairs in Andrea'srnroom, Andrea and her friends looked around, toward the window. \"What's that?\"rnshe asked, looking out her window and smiled. \"Kelly, I think it'srnfor you...\" Kelly looked up from her spot on the ground, herrnblonde hair falling over her shoulders. \"What?\" Outside, Andrew startedrnto sing. \"Emptyrnspaces fill me up with holes Distantrnfaces with no place left to go,\" Kellyrnstood up, going over to the window. What she saw, she gasped as shernopened the window. Andrewrncontinued to sing, his heart skipping another beat as he saw her openrnthe window. \"I'verntried to go on like I never knew you I'mrnawake but my world is half asleep Irnpray for this heart to be unbroken Butrnwithout you all I'm going to be is incomplete.\" Soon,rnKelly's friends, including Andrea, were watching behind her. Arnsmall smile placed on Kelly's lips. \"I'verntried to go on like I never knew you I'mrnawake but my world is half asleep Irnpray for this heart to be unbroken Butrnwithout you all I'm going to be is incomplete.\" Whenrnhe finished singing, he played a couple more cords on his guitar,rnstill watching Kelly. He was so happy to see that smile on her face.rn He hoped he got his message across. He could only hope. A/N:Oh, I just love the corny hoepless romanticness. ) I'm very sorry to leave the end of this chapter here, but It'llrnmake me want to update faster. ) I hope you all enjoyed it! I amrnvery sorry it took me forever to reply. Thank you all for the reviewsrnas well. I will try and update faster! I really will![Chapter 18] Disclaimer;rnI do not own anything that has to do with Motocrossed. I only came uprnwith my imagination of what would happen after the movie. That isrnall. Chapterrn18 After playing the lastrnnote, Andrew smiled up at Kelly. He couldn't quite tell what shernthought about the song, but at least she didn't seem disgusted.rnShe did have a smile on her face. Though, a minute after he hadrnfinished, Kelly left the window, with her friends. He could no longerrnsee her face up there. \"Where'd she go?\"rnhe asked quietly. Dean walked over towardrnhim. \"Don't worry. You did a great job. Now, go and tell herrnhow you feel,\" he said, patted Andrew on the back. Andrew bent down andrnunplugged the wire out of the amp. \"What I felt was in the song.rnShe just listened to it. She would have gotten that,\" he said.rn\"Now, help me with this.\" Dean helped him pick uprnthe amp with a sigh. \"But aren't you going to talk to her?\" hernasked. Andrew moved his guitarrnstrap so that his guitar was on his back and picked up the other sidernof the amp. \"I... don't know... I actually thought that thisrnwould go differently…\" He admitted. They walked through thernopen sliding door, and into the kitchen. \"Dude, I saw herrnsmile, and don't tell me you didn't either. You got herrnattention, now you march into that room and go talk to her!\" Deanrnexclaimed, putting the amp down. Andrew sighed, lettingrngo of the amp as well, and running a hand through his hair. \"I don't know,rnDean,\" he murmured. \"Listen, dude, yournhelped me and Andrea get together, and I'll do the same to help yournand Kelly. I really think you should talk to her.\" Exactlyrnafter Dean had said this, Kelly walked into the kitchen making Andrewrnjump, and his heart give a big leap. Dean saw Andrew's expressionrnand turned around. \"Hey, Kelly. I'll leave you two,\" he saidrnand disappeared out of the kitchen. Andrew became ratherrninterested in the linoleum on the floor. \"Thank you,\" Kellyrnfinally said after a couple of minutes of silence. Andrew's head poppedrnup as she spoke. He opened his mouth to say something, but nothingrncame out. \"I understood it all.rnIt was very sweet, and I feel the same,\" Kelly continued. Andrew smiled. \"Really?rnEven though that you and Dave...\" He began to say, but wasrninterrupted. Kelly shook her head.rn\"No, Dave and I were never really 'together'. Yes, we went on arncouple of dates, but that's all. He wanted more, but I didn't. Irnnever thought of him as more than a friend.\" She paused, leavingrnAndrew just to nod. He was surprised, though. \"What about you andrnSamantha?\" Kelly asked. Andrew shook his head.rn\"I realized that she was the wrong girl for me,\" he told her withrna smile. Kelly smiled back,rnturning the same color as her pink pajamas. \"Really?\" Andrewrnnodded. Kelly looked as though she might cry, making Andrew wantingrnto give her a hug, but it was Kelly who had done it. She walked tornhim and gave him a hug. Andrew smiled,rnbreathing in her scent and wrapping his arms around her. \"I neverrnwanted to hurt you,\" he whispered in her ear. \"I just got jealousrnwhen I saw you with Dave.\" Kelly giggled arnlittle, fighting back tears. She pulled back slightly, looking him inrnthe face. \"I was actually jealous of Sam. So, I tried to make yournjealous by being with Dave.\" She admitted. Andrew grinned. \"Looksrnas though we have something in common,\" he said. \"Yes, it does,\"rnKelly said quietly. Soon, it was silent around then and their facesrngrew closer and closer together until they kissed, a sweet andrninnocent kiss. The rest of thatrnweekend, Andrew and Kelly were inseparable. They did almostrneverything together. They took a walk, watched movies, and had arnpicnic in the park on Sunday afternoon. On Monday morning,rnAndrew and Andrea left for school and Andrew met Kelly at her locker,rnnearby his. Their conversations with each other were not forced,rnthey flowed easily and they were comfortable being around each other. Throughout the rest ofrnthe week, Andrew and Kelly did spot Samantha and Dave. Sam watchedrnthem with jealousy in her eyes, but said nothing and continued on herrnway. You could see she was upset. Dave eyed Andrew with anger. Hernhad thought that Andrew and Kelly would never be together. Hernwouldn't let this happen for long though. Shrugging the look off,rnAndrew took Kelly's hand and made their way down the hall towardrntheir next class, which happened too me English. Andrew was starting to like that class again. At the end of the day,rnAndrew was walking toward his locker, when he passed the band room.rnPart of him did miss the jazz band rehearsals, but he wasn'trnexactly the band type. He preferred to play alone. Just as he turnedrnaway, Samantha, who had been in the band room, caught his eye.rnNeither one smiled, or really frowned. Their expressions seemed tornbe neutral. But Andrew didn't waste any time. He broke eye contactrnand continued walking toward his locker. As he neared his lockerrnhe smiled as he saw Kelly, leaning against it, chatting with Andrea.rnHe knew nothing worse could happen now. He really was happy. Author's note: :hands everyone freshly baken cookies for reading and reviewing: Thanks! Sorryrnabout not updating in such a long time. I actually had this chapterrnwritten out, I was just taking a break from fanfictions for a bit. Irnwanted to concentrate on what I really wanted to do with my life.rnI'm back though, and very sure of myself. Now, onto thisrnfanfiction. I want to atleast go until the summer when Andrew goesrnaway. I'm not sure how many chapters it will be... Though, I'm trying to come up with a bit of a twist. :) Send me a lovely review? Please? I'll give you a cookie. :)[Chapter 19] Disclaimer: I do notrnown any of the Motocrossed characers. I do not work for Disneyrnchannel, which it would be cool too work for Disney, but I don't. Oh well. Chapter 19 November flew by in arnflash, and Andrew and Kelly were still inseperable pretty much. Theyrnwere both happy being with each other and nothing would bring themrnapart. Nothing at all, or atleast they hoped. Soon the week beforernChristmas break was coming and Andrew was walking down the hallway inrnschool, still trying to decide on what to get Kelly for Christmas.rnChristmas was a week away and he had no clue what to get her. He came up to hisrnlocker, did the combination and banged his head -not too hard- on therntop of his locker. Kelly was in a study with Andrea, so he had somerntime to plan a present alone. \" What... Am... I…rnGoing… Too… Get… \" He murmured, just as he heard someone walkrnbeside him. \" 'Drew? What are you doing?\" The femalernvoice asked. Andrew stopped bangingrnhis head, knowing that voice, know one called him Drew, but onernperson, and frankly, Drew wasn't his favorite nickname. He turned and saw Sam. \"Oh, Sam. Um, hi,\"rnhe said, slightly on the nervous side. \"How are you doing?\"rnshe asked, friendly. He nodded. \"Not toornbad, yourself?\" he asked, glancing up and down the hallway. Sam shrugged. \"Beenrnbetter…\" She said. \"I've mi-..\" She started to say when Dean came uprnto them. \"Hey… Andrew, Yournhave lunch, now, right?\" He asked, glancing toward Sam. Andrew nodded, glad tornsee Dean since for some reason he found it hard to talk to Sam. \"Okay, lets get goingrnthen. The lunch line is already huge,\" Dean told him. \"Alright, hold on,\"rnAndrew said, turning back to his locker and putting a book in andrntaking one out. On their way toward therncafeteria, Sam had walked away after Dean came by, Dean turned tornAndrew. \"Hey, what did Sam want?\" he asked. Andrew shrugged. \"Justrntoo talk, I guess.\" \"Be careful, dude, okay?\" He toldrnhim, \"It seems like Sam is jealous.\" \"Jealous? Nah, Irndoubt it, man,\" Andrew told him, turning a corner. Dean shook his head.rn\"Sam's in my Trig. Class. She seems down lately, and well, I'vernseen her watching you and Kelly a lot.\" Andrew stoppedrnwalking and turned to him. \"I don't really believe you. Howrncould she be jealous of me. I'm just a sophomore. She's arnsenior!\" Dean shrugged. \"That doesn't matter. I'm arnsenior and I'm crazy about your sister, who is a sophomore.\" Andrew ran a handrnthrough his hair. \"I can't worry about Sam being jealous rightrnnow, anyway. I have to try and think of something to get Kelly forrnChristmas soon.\" \"You haven't gotten anything for her yet?\" Dean asked. \"No. I want to getrnher something perfect. Something she'll remember, and cherish, butrnI don't know what.\" Andrew said, running a hand through his hairrnagain, stupid nervous habit. \"You'll think ofrnsomething. Bring Andrea along with you. She's a chick, and Kelly'srnfriend.\" Dean told him. Andrew nodded. \"Irnjust might have to do that, but I was hoping too do it on my ownrnthough.\" With that, Andrew walked into the lunchroom,rnsince both Dean and him had first lunch that day. After school, Andrewrnwas sitting on his bed trying to think if he should ask his sisterrnfor help with his dilemma. \"Ugh... I'm goingrnto have too..\" He murmured, getting off his bed and walking outrninto the hallway. He walked down the hall and knocked on Andrea'srndoor. \"It's open.\" Shernyelled from inside. Andrew opened the doorrnand peaked his head inside, seeing his sister looking through arnmotocross magazine. \"Hey, can I ask yournsomething?\" he asked. Andrea looked up.rn\"Sure, Andrew. What is it?\" Andrew walked in, handsrnin his pockets now. \"Well. You see, I need help with something..\" Andrea gave him arnstrange look. \"Um.. maybe you should talk to a doctor? Or evenrndad..\" \"No! No. No. No. It'srnabout Kelly. I don't know what to get her for a Christmas gift, andrnI was wondering, since you're a chick-\" \"Girl,\" Andrearninterrupted. \"Girl.. Sorry. Sincernyou are a girl, you could maybe, possibly help me out?\" he asked. Andrea sat up on herrnbed. \"Sure thing. Lets go now.\" Andrea said excitedly. \"Okay. Thank you veryrnmuch, Andi!\" Andrew said with a grin. A half an hour later,rnAndrew and Andrea were walking down the mall, looking around at different stores. \"See? Where do I evenrnbegin? Half the things I see aren't nearly good enough for Kelly.\"rnHe said. \"Andrew, Kelly wouldrnlike anything you get her… Trust me.. Unless you get her something ugly..\" Andrea joked. Andrew groaned. \"Kidding..\" Andrea said with a chuckle. Andrewrnstopped at a Jewelry store window. \"Wow, that's nice…rn\" Andrea said, looking beside him. \"Yeah, but I have arnfeeling its expensive…\" Andrew said, glumly. Andrea bit her lip.rn\"I'll help you pay for it. You seem to really want to get thatrnfor her, and I know Kelly would love that. She loves pearls. I'llrnhelp you pay for it, don't worry.\" Andrewrnlooked at his sister. \"Andrea, you don't have too. What aboutrnDean?\" he asked. \"I already got Dean'srnpresent. I'll show you when we get home.\" Andrea said. \"Comernon. Lets go and get Kelly's present.\" A/N: Dun, dun dun….rnThis chapter is done. I actually updated the next day! Thank you forrnthe review! Meant so much! :gives homemaderncookies to purplemoon07: I shall give cookies to everyone whornreviews! I'm sorry if it seems a bit rushed in this chapter.rnGood stuff will happen before the holidays come. Expecially the lastrnday of school before their break. :grins: I've got plans for this story...[Chapter 20] Disclaimer:rnYou probably all know by now that I do not own anything pertaining tornthe Motocrossed movie. Chapterrn20 Andrewrnwas excited for the remainder of the week and the rest of the timernuntil the winter break. He couldn't wait to give Kelly herrnpresent, since he knew she would love it. He hoped she would,rnanyway. On the day rightrnbefore winter break was to begin, everyone was just having fun inrnthey're classes. Yes, they worked, but not nearly as hard. Therernwas no winter dance this early. That would come after the holidays,rnfor some reason. School systems always had strange ways at time. In English class,rnAndrew and Kelly talked with each other the whole class about arnvariety of things. They walked hand in hand through the hallways andrnlaughed together and talked mostly with Andrea and Dean. They day flew by forrnthe two of them. Soon they were saying goodbye at the entrance ofrnthe school. \"I'll call yournlater after my mother and I get back from the mall. Last minuternshopping is our tradition,\" Kelly told Andrew as they entertwinedrntheir fingers. Andrew glanced overrntoward her mothers van, and back to Kelly's eyes. \"Okay, I'llrnmiss you, though. \" He smiled, leaning down and kissing her lipsrnsoftly, but quickly. Kelly smiled, kissingrnhim back quickly, since her mother was waiting. \"But we see eachrnother every day, silly.\" Andrew smiled, \"But the timesrnwhen I'm not with you, I still miss you.\" Kelly blushed,rngiggling. \"Oh, stop. My mother's waiting. I'll call you laterrnon.\" She said darting off toward her mother, who had just beepedrnher horn. Andrew smiled, andrnwaved as they drove off just as Dean and Andrea walked up behind him. \"Ready to go?\"rnAndrea asked, grinning. Andrew snapped out ofrnhis trance and glanced at his sister,\"Oh, yeah, hold on. I have tornget something from my locker.\" He said. \"'Kay, dude, we'llrnwait for you,\" Dean said, taking Andrea by the hand and leading herrntoward a bench as Andrew darted off into the school. Andrewrnrushed over toward his lockers and did the combination ratherrnquickly. As he opened the locker and grabbed a book (yes, he did getrnsome homework for over the break) someone tapped his on the shoulder.rn He spun around and was face to face with Samantha. \"Oh... Um, hey, Sam,\"rnhe said, running his free hand through his hair. \"Hey, 'Drew . Justrnwanted to wish you a Merry Christmas before break,\" she told him,rnplaying with one of her curls. The hallway was pretty close to beingrndeserted now. She was dressed in a black skirt and a red sweater. \"Oh, um, same tornyou,\" he said, closing his locker quickly. \"You know, I havernbeen doing some thinking,\" Sam told him, looking him in the eye. \"Oh?\" Andrew asked. Sam nodded, taking arnstep closer. \"I really miss you, Andrew Carson.\" Andrew opened hisrnmouth, but then closed it, not really sure what to say. He wanted torngo, but he found it hard to leave some how. \"I know you're withrnKelly, but I just had to tell you, and do this,\" Sam said, andrnbefore he had the chance to say something she pressed her lips to hisrnlips and pulled away after a bit. Andrew stared at herrnblankly. \"I, um, have to go,\" he said quietly, turning andrnwalking quickly away, stunned at what just happened. Sam just stood there,rnwatching him leave. As soon as Andrew madernit outside, he walked right past his sister and Dean and went to hisrncar. Not wanting to say a word. He knew Dean and Andrea were goingrnto say goodbye for a good, long while, and that he had to wait forrnher. \"How could thisrnhappen...\" Andrew muttered as he sat in his car, waiting for hisrnsister. \"How could whatrnhappen?\" Andrea asked as she just opened the door and sat down. Andrew jumped,rnstartled. \"Oh, nothing. Just thinking about something I read in arnMotocrossed magazine.\" \"Was it what happenedrnin Mexico? I know, huh?\" She said as Andrew started up the car andrnmade their way home. Later that evening, asrnthe sun was getting close to setting, Andrew laid on his bed staringrnup at the ceiling, the sun shining through his window, illuminatingrnhis features just a bit. He couldn't stop thinking about what hadrnhappened. Why had Sam done that to him? Too Kelly? Why was hernthinking about Sam's kiss so much? Just then the phone rang,rnmaking him jump. Reaching over to answer it, he picked it up and putrnit to his ear. \"Hello.\" He saidrninto it. \"Hey, Andrew.\" Thernvoice of Kelly said. \"Oh, hey. H-how wasrnshopping with your mother?\" He asked, smiling, glad to hear her.rnShould he tell her what happened? \"Not too bad. Somernof the other shoppers were maniacs though. Sheesh,\" Kelly toldrnhim. Andrew laughedrnslightly. He wanted to tell her, but knew she would be angry. Herndidn't want her to be angry. \"Andrew? You okay?\"rnShe asked after a little bit of silence. \"Oh, yeah. Sorry, Irnjust don't feel very well.\" Andrew admitted, which wasn't arncomplete lie. \"Oh, I'm sorry.rnMaybe you should go lie down. Get some rest. Christmas eve isrntomorrow, after all,\" She told him. \"Yeah, maybe I will.\"rnHe said,\"Will I still see you tomorrow for dinner?\" \"Ofrncourse. I'll be there around 5. Get better Andrew.\" \"Don'trnworry, I will. See you tomorrow.\" \"Okay, bye.\" Kellyrnsaid wanting to say something else, but stopping in time. \"Bye, Kelly.\" Hernsaid softly before hearing the dial tone. He laid back on the bed,rnupset with Sam for what she did, and feeling like he was hurtingrnKelly. He didn't want to hurt Kelly. He knew what hernwould do. Talk to Dean. He agreed with himself that tomorrow whenrnDean came by, he would talk to him in private and tell him about Sam.rn Dean was practically his best friend now. Authors note: I am so sorry for thernlong wait! Too make it up, I added a bit of drama, and I will veryrnmuch try to get another chapter out TODAY! Tomorrow might be busyrnbecause the 4th Harry Potter movie comes out! Yay! I'mrnso excited! Who is going to watch it:D Purplemoon07: :givesrnyou more cookies: I heart Christmas too! Thanks for reviewing!rnGlad you like my fanfic:D[Chapter 21] Disclaimer: I do notrnown ANY of the Motocrossed characters! Only the ones I made up out ofrnmy own imagination. ) Chapter 21 The next day, Andrewrnwoke with a start. The Carson house the day before holidays werernalways hectic, what with getting all the decorations, and food allrnset. They were all having people over that night for Christmas Everndinner. Andrew jumped out ofrnbed and glanced at his alarm clock. It read 8:04 AM. He rubbed hisrneyes and through on something quick, since he was only helping aroundrnthe house in the morning. After throwing on jeansrnand a long-sleeved motocross tee, Andrew fixed his hair a bit andrnmade his way downstairs too see Mr. Carson just getting off thernphone. \"Ah! Andrew! Therernyou are. I'll be needing you and your brothers help to get thernChristmas tree pretty soon. We'll be leaving in about an hour.\"rnMr. Carson told him. \"All right, dad,\"rnAndrew said letting out a huge yawn as he made his way into thernkitchen to grab some breakfast. Mrs. Carson was alreadyrnfolding laundry, and Andrea was helping. \"Morning, Andrew.rnYou, Jason and your father will be getting the tree any minute,\"rnMrs. Carson told him. \"Yeah, I know. Dadrntold me a second ago,\" Andrew replied, pouring himself some cereal,rn\"Where's Jason?\" \"I'm right here,\"rnJason said, walking into the kitchen. \"Why do I have to go and getrnthe tree? Why can't Andrea go?\" \"Well, I'll be happyrnto go if you want too stay home and clean the house with mom,\"rnAndrea said with a grin. \"Oh, well, gettingrnthe tree sounds like... fun!\" Jason said, sounding a bit morernenthusiastic about getting the tree. About anrnhour later, Mr. Carson, Andrew, and Jason were all in the car, onrntheir way to get their Christmas tree. \"So, Andrew, sevenrnmore months until the summer. You know what that means, don't you?\"rnMr. Carson asked. Andrew nodded. \"Yep,rnEurope.\" He said, looking out the window. \"Yep, and a month ofrnknow older brother around,\" Jason piped up in the back, teasing ofrncourse. \"Not only that but arnchance for Andrew here to really prove what he is made of. A chancernto show that—\" He started too say. \"Dad, I know. Irnreally am excited, too. It'll be great,\" Andrew said, putting arnsmile on. 'Except I won't be able too see Kelly for one wholernmonth,' he thought silently. Mr. Carson smiled,rnpulling into the Christmas tree farm. \"I'm glad. Once thernholidays are over, I'm hoping that you'll be able too start orerntraining.\" Andrew just continuedrnto nod. Within a half an hour,rnthe three of them found the perfect tree, and it was strapped to therntop of the car and they made their way home. Once they arrived home,rnJason held the front door as Andrew and Mr. Carson brought the treerncarefully inside. Andrea and Mrs. Carson made room in the livingrnroom for it. \"Well, let therndecorating begin, then,\" Mrs. Carson said with a smile. The rest of the morningrnand into the afternoon, the whole Carson family cleaned, decorated,rnbaked, wrapped presents and decorated some more until around 3:30 pm.rn Then they all started too get ready for their company. Andrew was one of thernfirst too get ready. Only about a half an hour later was he deckedrnout in a pair of khaki's, and a red button down shirt and he spikedrnhis hair nicely. He checked the time andrnhoped Dean would be around soon because he needed to talk to himrnabout what happened with Sam. He couldn't tell Andrea because hernknew she would freak. Andrew hurriedrndownstairs around 4:30 and smelled delicious turkey in the oven andrnso much other delicious stuff. The house looked beautiful all deckedrnout in decorations and Christmas music was playing since noon.rnAndrew smiled, walking into the living room and seeing the litrnChristmas tree. Just then, the doorbellrnrang, and Andrew glanced at his watch. It was a little too early forrnKelly too arrive. He walked over toward the door and opened it. Deanrnwas standing at the door, holding a gift and dressed very sharply inrna pair of tan pants, and a green shirt. \"Hey, Andrew, MerryrnChristmas,\" he told. \"Merry Christmas, dude,\" Andrewrnreplied, as Dean stepped in. \"This place looksrngreat... And it smells wonderful in here,\" Dean said, lookingrnaround. \"Why thank you,rnDean,\" Mrs. Carson said, walking into the foyer, \"MerryrnChristmas.\" \"Merry Christmas, Mrs. Carson,\" Dean said. Then Mrs. Carsonrnmade her way upstairs. \"Andrea's stillrngetting ready. She should be finished in, maybe a year from now,\"rnAndrew said. \"You can put that present under the tree.\" Dean nodded, walkingrninto the living room, and doing so. Then Andrew rememberedrnhe wanted too talk to Dean about what had happened. \"Hey Dean, I need torntell you something,\" he said. Dean glanced at him.rn\"What about?\" he asked, nervously. \"Its not aboutrnAndrea. Don't worry,\" Andrew told him. He looked around too makernsure no one was around. \"The last day before break, yesterdayrnactually, Sam came up to me at my locker and well…\" \"She didn't...?\"rnDean asked, seeming to know what she had did. Andrew let out a sigh.rn\"She... kissed me.. but I didn't kiss back. Not one bit. Should Irntell Kelly? I mean, I really like her, and I don't want too hurtrnher.\" \"Then don't tell her.\" Dean told him. \"If yournreally care about Kelly, don't tell her what happened. She'llrnfreak.\" Just then someone came down the stairs, and they bothrnturned to see Andrea. \"Wow, you lookrngorgous,\" Dean told her with a smile on his face. Andrea wore a redrnblouse with a black skirt that fell too her knees, but it had arnpretty hem at the bottom and she wore a pair of black heals. Her hairrnwas growing out more, and she wore it down for today, and she curledrnit making it with loose curls. \"Yeah, you look nice,rnsis,\" Andrew told her, hoping she didn't hear anything about whatrnhe and Dean were talking about. Andrea smiled, lookingrnat Dean. \"Thanks, so, what were you guys talking about?\" shernasked. \"Oh, just motocross,\"rnAndrew replied quickly. Dean glanced at him, but just agreed. He tookrnAndrea by the hand and gave her a hello kiss. \"Merry Christmas.\"rnHe said. Andrew rolled his eyesrnand left the room. Within the half hour,rnmore people came, all of them being aunts, uncles and grandparents.rnWhen the clock hit 5 pm, Andrew hoped Kelly would get there soon, andrnjust as he was thinking this the doorbell rang and he jumped off ofrnthe chair and ran toward the door. He opened it and smiled. There was Kelly,rndressed in a dark green dress, her hair falling over her shoulders. \"Merry Christmas,rnAndrew,\" she said with a smile. Andrew smiled back,rntaking Kelly's hand and was about too kiss her when a figure behindrnKelly appeared too him. \"Hey, 'Drew,\" itrnsaid. Kelly turned around, arnbit shocked too see Sam standing there in a pair of black pants and arnred snowflake sweater. \"Um, hey. What arernyou doing here?\" Andrew said, unsure of what too say. \"Merry Christmas,rnSam,\" Kelly said quietly. Sam smiled softly. \"I need too speakrnwith out, Andrew,\" Samantha told him. \"Well, I'm arnbit busy, now. How-\" he started too say. \"Oh, I'll onlyrnbe a second. I promise,\" Sam persisted. Kelly glanced atrnAndrew. \"Its okay, Andrew, I'll be inside. Don't take too long,rnokay?\" She told him, kissing a cheek and walking inside, with thernpresent she had for him. Andrew watched Kelly gorninside, not at all happy that Sam had came by. \"Andrew, I'm sorryrnabout what I did yesterday. It was un called for,\" Sam told him,rnmaking sure the door was closed and no one was out on the porch. Andrew rolled his eyes.rn\"No kidding it was un called for! I have a girlfriend, now,rnSamantha! You can't go around doing things like that!\" Hernexclaimed. \"I really care for Kelly, and maybe even--\" Sam closed her eyes.rn\"I'm sorry. It was very wrong of me, but I… I really miss you.rnI miss having you around…\" She told him, now opening her eyes. \"But we won't berntogether anymore. I'm with Kelly. I'm sorry.\" He told her. Sam nodded. \"Okay,rnI'll have too except that,\" she said. \"Merry Christmas,rn'Drew.\" Then she walked down the steps toward her car. Andrew sighed, feelingrnsort of bad, and turned around and opened the door to see his sisterrnstanding there. \"Andrew? What wasrnthat about? Kelly told me you were out here talking to Samantha…\"rnAndrea said. \"Nothing. Justrnnothing,\" he said, walking past her and into the living room to gornsee his girlfriend. Andrea watched himrnleave. She had, of course, been listening at the door, so she heardrnsome of what they were talking about. Authors note:Irnfinally updated! Wahoo! I am sooo sorry for the lack of updates on myrnpart! I hope everyone still wants too read this. ( Don't hate merntoo much! I am on break from school for the next too weeks, so Irnshould update more quickly! -- gives everyone motocrossed characterrnplushies -- I know exactly where Irnam headed now with this fanfic! I hope anyway. ) I am hoping onrnmaking it too the summer, but then it'll be really long. We shallrnsee! ) Thankrnyou all for reviewing, and I did notice that Irngot quite a few page hits. Wahoo! The next chapter will be morernduring Christmas eve! Trust me, there wil be more! I wanted toornseperate Christmas eve into two chapters becaause I have a few thingsrnin mind. ;)[Chapter 22] Disclaimer:rnNope, even though it took me forever to update, I still don't ownrnany of the characters, or the main movie. Sadly, I know. Chapterrn22 Allrnthrough out Christmas time, Andrea kept to herself what she overrnheard Samantha and Andrew talking about. She didn't confront herrnbrother, or tell her bestfriend. Though, she wanted to. Oh, how shernwanted, too! The main thing was, her brother was with Kelly, and shernwas afraid that if she told one of them what she overheard, she wouldrnruin their relationship. She didn't want that because she knew howrnlong Kelly had liked her brother. Onernday when they were back at school, in mid January, Andrea was leaningrnagainst her locker, her back to it, and her tipped up slightly. \"Andi?\"rnDean asked, walking up to his girlfriend, curious as to what she wasrnthinking., but Andrea was still in her own little world. \"Andrea..?\"rnDean asked again. \"Andrea!\" ThenrnAndrea stood up straight. \"Oh, I'm sorry, Dean. I didn't seernyou there.\" She told him, turning around and doing the combinationrnon her locker. \"Andrea,rnyou've been out of it since the holidays, practically. What'srngoing on?\" Dean asked, nervously, hoping it wasn't anything to dornwith him. \"Nothing...\"rnAndrea told him, persistant with the fact that she wasn't lettingrnanything out. \"Andrea.rn You used to be able to tell me anything. I know something isrnbothering you, and you won't tell me. Why won't you? Are yournsick? Is it someone in your family? Do you love someone else?\" Hernasked, hoping it wasn't any of those. Andrearnopened her locker and turned to Dean. \"No.rnIt's none of those, and I definitly just love you...\" She toldrnhim. \"Thenrnwhat is it?!\" He asked, starting to get rather mad. Andrearnlooked around and then back at Dean. \"Well, I... During ourrnChristmas party I overheard something...\" She began, quietly. \"Overheardrnwhat?\" \"Andrewrnand that Samantha talking... About something that happened betweenrnthem,\" She said in an even quieter voice. Deanrnnodded slowly. \"I think I know where this is going...\" He toldrnher. Andrearnlooked at him suspicously. \"Why..? Do you know something?\" Shernasked. \"Maybe,rnbut you can't tell Kelly this,\" he told her as the bell rang,rntelling them they were now late for class. \"I'll tell yournafterschool.\" \"Screw class. Tell me now! I need to know.rnMy best friend deserves to know!\" Andrea told him, ignoring thatrnthe hallway was clearing. Deanrnsighed and told her everything. Andrea listened intentlyrnduring the whole thing, somewhat wide-eyed. \"ButrnAndrew doesn't like Sa--\" She started to say, but was interruptedrnby a teacher. \"Thernbell rang minutes ago. Go to class, or you'll find yourself inrndentention!\" Mrs. Garmould said, sternly. She was the most strict. Quickly,rnAndrea shut her door and they walked down the hallway, seperatingrnfrom Dean when she reached her class. Thernend of the day couldn't come quicklier from Andrea. She wanted tornconfront Andrew, and tell Kelly. Asrnsoon as the final bell rang, Andrea hurried over to the car shernshared with her brother and saw him with Kelly leaning outside of it. \"Hey, Andrea. What's up?\" Kelly asked, smiling whenrnshe saw her. \"What'srnup? I'll tell you what's up!\" Andrea told her. \"Whoa,rnAndi. Calm down... What's wrong?\" Andrew asked his sister,rnletting go of Kelly's hand and taking a step toward Andrea as Deanrncame over. \"Andrea...rnWhy don't you come with me,\" He told her to try and stop her fromrnspilling everything. \"No!\"rnShe has a right to know, Dean!\" Andrea told him. \"Who?rnA right to know what?\" Kelly asked, though Andrew just looked atrnhis sister, then to Dean and back to his sister, speechless. \"You,rnKelly.\" Andrea said, taking a deep breath,\"I need to tell yournsomething if Andrew doesn't tell you.\" Kellyrnlooked to Andrew, \"What?\" Andrewrnscratched his head. \"Um, Kelly how about we get in the car. I'drnrather talk to you alone.\" He told her after a few silent, andrnuncomfortable minutes. Kellyrnagreed and got into the car on the fron, passenger seat as Andrew gotrninto the drivers side, giving his sister a shake of the head. Deanrntook ahold of Andrea's hand and walked her to his car, his armrnwrapped around her waist, ignoring a few onlookers. WhenrnAndrew walked up the front porch to his home, his mind was full ofrnhis latest conversation. It was over. The only girl who he hadrnreally, truly loved was hurt. He knew it. If only he had the chancernto tell her that he really loved her.[Chapter 23] Disclaimer: Nope. Still don't own any characters you recognize from the movie . Chapter 23 As the month of January flew by, Andrew did all he can to avoid Sam, and Kelly did all she could to avoid Andrew. Which was hard, since Andrea made sure to insist Kelly come over to the house just about every other day. Kelly was hard to catch up to, but Sam was able to catch up to Andrew at the end of school, about 3 weeks after Kelly and Andrew broke it off. \"Drew!! Andrew!\" Sam called walking quickly over toward Andrew's locker. Andrew spun around quickly, other students walking past them quickly, eager to leave the school for the weekend. \"What Sam?!\" Andrew asked her, a bit impatiently. \"I just wanted to apologize...\" She told him. \"Yeah? Well, it's a little late for that!\" Andrew told her, still upset. \"I know! Sheesh, Drew! Don't make me feel more bad than I do now! I didn't mean to get you and Kelly to break up! I just want you to know that.\"Sam said, Andrew was about to say something else, but Sam continued,\"Don't say anything else. I realize you don't feel the same for me anymore, so I will leave you alone, but I just want you to know, you really hurt me.\" And with that, she spun around and walked down the hallway, disappearing through the crowds of students. Andrew signed, running a hand through his hair. \"Argh..\" He muttered, opening his locker and shoving a book in there, and slamming it shut, ignoring looks around him. Now he was upset he hurt Sam. Boy, he couldn't wait to go away to Europe. It was the only thing he has been looking forward to lately. Quickly, he walked toward the doors, making his way to the student parking lot. As soon as he was outside, he saw the parking lot and saw two people leaning on the side of his car. He let out a sigh as he walked closer to see it was Andrea and Dean. They were standing close to each other, talking and the occasional peck. As soon as Andrew came closer, Andrea looked up. \"Oh. Hey, Andrew,\" she said, greeting her brother. Dean turned around, as well. \"Hey, man.\" He said with a smile. Andrew smile quickly opened the driver side door,\"Andi, are you coming with me, or Dean?\" \"I'm going to be going with Dean, but he's coming over tonight,\" she said with a smile. Andrew rolled his eyes,\"Whatever.\" He got into the car and Dean and Andrea took a couple of steps back as Andrew closed the car door, started up the car and drove off. \"Poor, Andrew.\" Dean said,\"Are you sure you want to get in the middle of this?\" \"Dean, I have to,\"Andrea told him,\"He's my brother and Kelly's one of my closest friends. By Valentines day, they will be together.\" Dean sighed. \"I hope you're right, but sometimes it might be best to let them handle it.\" Andrea looked at her boyfriend. \"Dean, he helped you and I get together. I want to help Andrew and Kelly get together. If I don't step up and help, they probably will never do it.\" Dean nodded, knowing she was right. \"Ok,\" he said, kissing her forehead and taking her hand, \"Lets get going.\" They started toward Dean's car, to get started. ------- Andrew seemed to get home in no time at all. He tried and tried, but couldn't get Kelly off of his mind. Addicted, you can call it. Andrew drove into the Carson driveway and parked his car near the grass like always. He saw his dads truck was up ahead. His dad was home. As soon as he walked through the front door, he saw Jason walk upstairs. \"Hey, Andrew. Something came in the mail for you. From the Euro Moto people.\" He said. Andrew's eyes widened. \"What was it?\" Jason shrugged, continuing to walk up the stairs. \"I don't know, mom and dad wouldn't let me open it.\" Andrew put his keys in the key dish on the table to the side and hurried into the kitchen. \"Mom, dad! I got mail?\" He asked quickly, and excitedly. Mr. Carson smiled. \"Yes you did. \" He said handing him a fairly large packet that came in a white envelope. Andrew took the large envelope and sat down at the table, tearing it open. Inside was pamphlets, and a letter with the information for the trip he was to take in the summer. Finally. \"Finally,\" Andrew said with a smile,\"Took long enough.\" He said as he unfolded the letter. Mr. Carson sat next to him,\"They like to take there time, sometimes, but its still pretty early.\" Andrew read through the letter. \"Its the month of July? I have to bring my number nameplate from my bike, but the bike is included? SWEET! Well, just for the trip, but still! SWEET!\" He said totally excited. He hasn't felt this happy since... Yeah, Kelly. He didn't dare admit it out loud, though. Mrs. Carson looked over her oldest sons shoulder. \"Wow, that's great!\" She said. \"Also, the night before we leave, there is going to be a dinner/ball for friends and family,\" Andrew continued. He looked up,\"Seriously?\" He made a face, though. Mr. Carson nodded. \"The guy I had talked to on the phone mentioned something like that. A going away type of thing. That'll be nice. Get dressed up in something other than motocross clothes.\" He chuckled, \"But this is great,\" he said taking a look at a brochure.\"You'll start off in England. Wow.\" He read. Andrew grinned. \"I can't wait,\" he said. 'I wish it was the summer now. I could use a vacation..' he thought. Just then Jason entered the room. \"What came in the mail for you, Andrew?\" he asked. Andrew looked over to his brother,\"Oh, just the info for the greatest summer ever.\" He said with a huge grin. \"I still think I should go,\" Jason said walking toward the table and looking at the letter. \"No, you're not exactly old enough,\" Mrs. Carson said. \"I know, but Andrew needs a decent mechanic while up there,\" he said, skimming the letter. The three of them laughed as they heard the front door open, and then close. \"I'm home,\" Andrea yelled from the door. \"We're in the kitchen!\" Mrs. Carson called to her daughter. Andrea made her way to the kitchen,\" Dean said he'll be by for dinner around 5, okay? Oh, what's all this?\" She asked. \"You're brother received his information packet for his moto trip,\" Mr. Carson said getting up from the table. \"That's great!\" Andrea said, still feeling jealous, but she realized that she would rather be happy for her brother. Though, she was jealous. No doubt about that. \"What time is Kelly coming by?\"Mrs. Carson asked Andrea as she leaned against a chair. At the sound of Kelly's name, Andrew lifted his head slightly. \"I told her about 5, or 5:30. Now we have something extra to celebrate!\" Andrea exclaimed, picking up a pamphlet. \"Why are they eating over? I didn't know that,\" Andrew said, looking at his letter, still. \"Oh, I just wanted my friend and boyfriend to come over and eat with my family. What's wrong with that?\" Andrea asked, failing to tell him its because she knew with their parents there, Kelly and Andrew might have a chance of having somewhat of a conversation going. Even if it was just a simple one. Andrew looked up to his sister, but said nothing. - The rest of the afternoon, Andrew spent upstairs looking through all his information, but in the back of his mind he was screaming, 'Andrea! WHY!? ... How'd she get Kelly to come?!' Just before 5pm, Andrew came downstairs into the kitchen where his mother was making dinner. \"Hey, mom?\"He asked. \"Yes, honey?\"Mrs. Carson asked, looking up. \"I'm not feeling very well. I think I'm going to pass on dinner,\" he said, holding his stomach. \"Are you ok, Andrew?\" She asked, sounding worried. \"Yeah. Just a stomachache.\" He replied. \"Ok,\" his mom nodded,\"I'll make sure to save you some for later if you want any.\" Andrew nodded, walking back toward the stairs. There was no way he wanted to be in the same room as Kelly. He was feeling hurt because he knew she was hurt. It was just be awkward. As Andrew stepped on the first step, the doorbell rang. He stopped and turned, looking through the peephole. He sighed and opened the door, since it was Dean. \"Hey, Dean. Andrea will be right down,\" He said, letting him in. Dean nodded, \"You doing ok?\" \"Yeah, I'm fine. Just passing on dinner. I'm not feeling well. I'll get Andrea, though.\" He told his friend. Dean nodded, but before he could say something, Andrew was quick like a bunny up the stairs. He walked over toward Andrea's room and saw that the door was ajar just a bit and that she was on the phone. \"What do you mean you can't make it?\" Andrea asked into the phone. Then she said,\"What? You can't be. Are you sure?\" Pause. \"Ok. Feel better.\" She sighed. \"Bye.\" Andrew heard his sister hang up the phone before knocking. Andrea opened the door completely open. \"Yeah?\" \"Dean's here.\" He said,\"Who were you talking to?\" \"Kelly. She's not feeling, so she's staying home.\" Andrew's eyes widened slightly. \"Oh.\" Andrea nodded, looking disappointed, I better go see Dean. She past her brother and made her way downstairs. Andrew bit his lip, wondering if Kelly was really sick, or avoiding him like he was avoiding her. ---- Andrew spent the rest of his evening up in his room, at his desk looking through his Motocross packet. His guitar still sat in its case in the corner of his room, untouched since the holidays practically. Andrew decided to look up some stuff about Europe online (the packet had a website on it) so he put his computer on and signed on. He actually hadn't signed online in quite sometime. Before he had the chance to put in the web address, he noticed someone who was signed on his buddy list. Kelly. He stared at his screen name for a bit. Part of him felt like Instant Messaging her, but another part of him still wanted to avoid her. A minute later, it was too late. She signed off. Andrew sighed, typing in the website he wanted to check out. \"Just keep your mind on something else, Carson.\"He told himself. Which seemed to work, for the most part. That was what he did for the rest of the night. He couldn't help, but wonder, though, if she would sign back on. ---- For the next couple of weeks, it was the same thing. Kelly and Andrew avoided each other. In that English class they had with each other, they stayed in their corrects seats and did not look at each other. Sat with different people at lunch. There was that one time, though when Andrew went over to Andrea's locker, he saw Kelly talking to her, but as soon as he opened his mouth, Kelly disappeared. When Valentine's day came, Andrew was glad it was a Saturday. He made no plans. What was the point? There wasn't any girl he was interested in anymore. So, he stayed home. Even his younger brother had plans. Jason went bowling with a girl his age, but Mr. and Mrs. Carson actually went bowling that night, too. Separate lanes. On the opposite side of the bowling alley. Jason made sure of it. And of course, the two lovebirds, Andrea and Dean had plans to go out to dinner. Andrew just ordered himself a pizza, which came at about 7pm. He brought the pizza to his room and he decided to go online. As he waited to be signed in, he took a slice of his onion pizza and took a big bite. The first thing he noticed about his buddy list was that only one person was on. Kelly. He couldn't help, but smile. What were the odds that both and he and Kelly had no plans on Valentine's day. Of course, he had half expected Kelly to have a date. He still admitted she was gorgeous, even if it was too himself. This time, though, before she had the chance to sign off, he Instant Messaged her. MotoX12: Hey. He waited a good two minutes before hearing the message noise. So, he ate more pizza. KellKell24: Hey.. MotoX12: No date? He wasn't sure why he asked that. He sort of regretting hitting the send button. KellKell24: Obviously. Andrew sighed. He could feel the harshness through the screen. MotoX12: So, how have you been? She replied a little faster, this time. KellKell24: Not bad. You? MotoX12: Could be better. He quickly finished up his first piece of pizza. He was also feeling pretty gutsy. MotoX12: I just wanted to say I'm sorry again. You know I would never do anything to hurt you, right? He grabbed another slice of pizza, awaiting her response. He had no idea why the hell he just typed that. But she replied. KellKell24: I know. Confused as he was, he decided to change the subject. MotoX12: So, I got my information packet for my trip to Europe this summer. Andrew hoped that would make the conversation lighter. KellKell24: That's great. When do you leave again? \"Not soon enough.\" He said out loud. MotoX12: July 5th. The day after the day of the fourth. Glad to know the European Moto team celebrates the 4th, huh? haha. KellKell24: lol. Everyone has the 4th of July. Andrew smiled. He got a laugh out of her. Even if it was a virtual laugh. MotoX12: ha ha ha. You know what I mean. KellKell24: Of course. KellKell24: I have to get going. My mom and I are watching a movie and having a 'just us day'. \"Already?\" He said out loud to the computer. MotoX12: Ok, take care, kelly. KellKell24: You, too. And thanks, Andrew. MotoX12: For what? KellKell24: For the message. I miss being your friend. KellKell24 has signed off. Andrew smiled and stared at her last message on his screen. Yeah, he spent his Valentines Day sitting in front of his computer with a large onion pizza, but it wasn't a complete bust. ---- Author's note: I won't say I was busy, but I'm sorry it took me forever. Also, thank you all who reviewed. I read them all and I just want to let you all know that I WILL finish this story. All my fanfics. No matter how long it takes. lol. Also, I was rereading this fanfic, and I am planning on going to the previous chapters and fixing some spelling/grammer issues I had. : Finally. Thank you all so much, though! More to come![Chapter 24] Disclaimer: Nope, still don't. Chapter 24 Andrew was on a high for the rest of the weekend. It may have been a short conversation he and Kelly had online, but it was one, nonetheless. By Monday morning, Andrew was actually in a pleasant mood for school. He found out Kelly doesn't seem to hate him and in about 5 months time, he would be in Europe. Nothing could go wrong. Yet. At his locker that morning, Andrew was doing his lock combination when he heard a voice beside him.rnrn\"So, why do you seem so peachy?\" It was his sister. Andrew looked up at Andrea as he opened his locker door.rnrn\"Can't I just be in a good mood without an questions?\" He asked, but still smiling. Andrea just shook her head. \"Ok, fine. Just wondering. Your mod just changed over the weekend. It was strange.\" Just then Kelly walked up to Andrea's locker. \"Hey, Andrea, do you have the notes from last weeks History class? I can't seem to find mine and I am totally unprepared for the test next period!\" Kelly told her, pushing back her hair behind her ear. Andrew noticed Kelly when she started to talk, but also noticed that she didn't really hold his eyes. Was she embarrassed by him? \"Oh, yeah, sure, Kell.\" Andrea told her friend. As she dug into her backpack for her notes, Andrew kept watching Kelly. She glanced at him a couple more times, but still never held it. \"Here you go,\" Andrea said, handing her the notes,\"I'm totally not looking forward to that test either.\" \"Listen, I have to get going now,\" Andrew piped up,\"I'll see you around, Andi.\" He closed his locker door, and turned to Kelly and gave her a small smile. She returned the smile, but still didn't look into his eyes for some reason. As Andrew walked away, he looked back at them. 'I thought she wanted to be my friend?' he thought, 'She didn't even say hello to me.' Frustrated, he saw Dean up ahead. He thought about talking to him about Kelly, but decided against it. So, he continued to make his way to his class.rnrnFor the first half of the day, Andrew was so confused. If Kelly wanted him as a friend, why was she acting as she was? He promised himself he would try and find out as he walked to his seat in English.rnrnAbout a second later, Kelly walked in, taking her seat toward the front of the class.rnrnThankfully, the bell had not rung it, but he knew it was only a matter of time. So, he stood up and walked to her seat. \"Hey, Kelly. How's it going?\" he asked, standing over her desk. Kelly looked up.rnrn\"I'm alright. You?\" She asked, turning back to her notebook, closing it slightly. Just then the bell rang and the teacher went over to the door to shut it. \"Meet me outside by the benches after school. Ok?\" Andrew said to her quickly, saw her nod and he walked swiftly to his seat. -- By the time school ended, Andrew had wished it was still the weekend. He had received so much homework, and he had wanted to start riding his dirt bike again. At his locker, he stuffed all his books into his bag, not liking all the essays he had to right. \"Hey, Andrew. Dean is giving me a ride again, ok?\" Andrea told him, doing the combination to her locker, next to her brother. Andrew nodded,\"Ok, Andi. You've been seeing a lot of Dean lately.\" Andrea nodded with a smile. \"Well, Dean and I are a couple. And we enjoy hanging out.\" \"Well, I'm glad and all, but I have to run. See you at home.\" Andrew told his sister and shut his locker door before walking quickly down the hallway, pulling his backpack on his back. By the time Andrew reached the front doors of the school, and made his way over toward the benches, he noticed that Kelly was already sitting on a bench underneath a tree. It looked like she was working on homework.rnrnWhen he reached her, Andrew sat beside her. \"Hey,\" he said simply. Kelly looked up quickly and repeated a \"Hey.\" \"Ok, so, I'll just come out and say it,\" Andrew said, his elbows on his knees,\"You had said online you miss being my friend. So, is it to late for that? Or..\" Kelly shook her head. \"No.. it's not, but it's going to take some time, I think.\" She said quietly. Andrew nodded. \"I understand.\" He said, and then hesitated,\"Would you like to go and get something to eat?\" Kelly bit her lip. \"I don't think so, Andrew. I'm sorry.\" She said, closing her notebook,\"Maybe I'll see you next weekend. Andrea and I are have a girls weekend.\"rnrnAndrew nodded, but said nothing. He hated this. They used to talk so freely about most stuff. \"See you around,\" Kelly said, picking up her bag and leaving. Andrew ran a hand through his hair. It seemed like from their conversation online that they were good, but now he was confused.rnrnNot too far away, Andrea and Dean stood watching Kelly leave from Andrew. \"What do you think happened?\" Andrea asked. Dean shrugged. \"Who knows. I think they just need some space, though.\" Andrea sighed. \"I wish we could help them.\" \"Me too,\" Dean replied, taking her hand. -- The rest of the week pretty much was the same. The teachers handed out even more homework, and Andrew was wondering if he and Kelly would ever be friends again. He knew that a relationship other than that wouldn't happen. He just knew it.rnrnOn Friday evening, Andrew, Andrea, and Jason were all in the garage working on the dirt bikes. \"So glad this week in over,\" Andrew stated, leaning over his bike,\"I mean, why so much homework? I can't believe it.\"rnrnAndrea nodded in agreement. Just then someone stepped into the garage. The three of them turned to see who it was. \"Dean, hey!\" Andrea said standing up and a hug. \"I heard you guys were in the garage. So, I had to come by and help,\" he said with a grin. \"Hey, we could use it,\" Andrew said with a chuckle. \"Maybe you guys could use it, but not me,\" Jason said confidently getting laughter from the rest. Behind Dean, Mrs. Carson entered the garage. \"Jason! Why did you take apart the vacuum?!\" She exclaimed at her youngest. \"I needed a motor,\" Jason said simply. \"Jason Carson! You better go put it back now, or there will be no tv for a week!\" Mrs. Carson told him sternly. Jason sighed. \"Fine, Ill go fix it.\" He said, getting up and handing Dean the wrench he had in his hand.rnrnAndrew, Andrea and Dean laughed when Mrs. Carson followed Jason out. \"So, Andrew. Doing anything tomorrow?\" Dean asked, going over to where Jason was.rnrnAndrew thought about it for a second and shook his head. \"No, don't think so.\" \"Great, do you want to hang? Andi over here said tomorrow night is chick night.\" Dean told him, earning a look from Andrea for use of the word chick.rnrn\"Sorry, I mean girl night,\" Dean quickly corrected himself, trying not too laugh. \"Thank you,\" Andrea said with a smile. Andrew rolled his eyes. \"Sure,\" he said,\"I completely forgot about that, actually. Kelly had told me earlier this week.\" Both Andrea and Dean looked up at the mention of Kelly.rnrn\"You spoke to her?\" Andrea asked, trying not to sound like she already knew. 'Oh crap,' Andrew thought, 'Shouldn't have mentioned that.' \"Uh, yeah.\" Was all he said. \"I didn't think you guys were talking,\" Andrea admitted. Andrew shrugged. \"It was only one time this week.\" \"But you guys used to talk more. What happened?\" Andrea asked, trying to find out information. Andrew let out a sigh. ' Uh, Sam happened. Hurting Kelly happened... ' He thought.rnrnBut instead Andrew shrugged. \"Don't you want her to be your friend again?\" Andrea asked, leaning over her dirt bike. \"Uh, Andi..\" Dean said quietly to try and calm Andrea down a bit. Andrew sighed again and stood up.rnrn\"What do you think, Andi?!\" Andrew asked,\"Do you think I want to loose her as a friend? Or a girlfriend?!\" \"No, but I figured you would try a little harder. I thought Carson's weren't quitters?!\" Andrea started to yell. \"What do you want me to do?! I've tried to talk to her! She obviously doesn't want to talk anymore! What do you want me to do?! Yell at the top of my lungs and say 'Kelly!! Talk to me! I love you! '\" Andrew yelled back, his arms moving out. ' What did I say?,' he thought. Andrea and Dean stared at him. \"Do you?\" Andrea asked. \"Do I what?\" Andrew asked. \"Love her. Like you just said.\" Andrea said, but not yelling anymore.rnrnAndrew stared at his sister. They were all silent for a good two minutes. \"No.\" Andrew said, his voice a bit unstable.rnrnAndrea looked at him, trying to see if he was telling the truth. After awhile, she said,\"Ok. But promise me you won't quit at being her friend.\" Andrew nodded. Then they went back to what they were doing, silently. --- Author's note:rnI really want to end this story in the summer, so now I'm not sure how many chapters are left. lol. But I'm getting there. :) Now... Do you believe Andrew? ; ","Summary":" A/N-Here is my Sequel to Is it True?. Which is my otherrnmotocrossedrnfic. If you haven't read it y"},{"Movie":"Motocrossed","Title":"Motocrossed 2:Andi and Dean","Author":"hosergirl2u","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/588809","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Motocrossed: Just in Case You Haven't Seen The Movie, It's AWESOME!! Disney put it out last year. Andrea Carson's twin brother Andrew Carson (hot actor Trevor O' Brien) is a moto racer. When they mess around n the track he screws up his leg. As you probably already figured out, she pretends to be him at the track,(cuts her hair) and in the meantime falls in love with the HOTTIE Dean Talon. (HOTTIE Riley Smith) In the end he's mad (finds out she's a girl lol) and it leaves us hanging. I continued from there......... Motocrossed 2:Andi and Dean Chapter 1/ Happy \"Oh my god Andrew!!! You HAVE to hear me out!! Ooooh!\" \"Calm down sis. What's up?\" \"Ok, well you know how Dean came by for the 250 interview?\" \"Ya, so.\" \"Well after we finished riding, I went to go hug him, and when I was just about to do so he kissed me!! Really fast and quick, but there was definently no taking back!!\" \"Wow did you kiss him back?\" `No, unfortunatly Jason came out so I didn't have a chance. Anyway, we can make up for that tomorrow, because right before he left he asked me out!!\" \"Oh, I'm so happy for you sis! I'd ask you for details, but I think that's more of the girls department.\" \"Yes you would think,\" she laughed She stood up and headed down the hall to her room. \"Oh hi Honey! I see you managed to get home ok. How was your day?\" \"Hey Mom, it was good. Kelly's boyfriend gave us a ride home.\" \"Now Andrea, you know exactly how your father and I feel about you taking rides from older guys. Now, Dean is an exception. You're lucky that I finally convinced your father to let you date him! Now go do your homework, and don't let it happen again!\" \"Sorry Mom, gosh.\" Her mother turned and ran down the steps. \"I wasn't gonna walk home,\" she mumbled to herself. Two hours of Algebra, English, History, and Health later Andrea finally lay back. She was surprised in herself. Her homework was usually a lot quicker. She was a pretty good student. Exhausted, she thought about her Mom's earlier words. \"Dean is the exception. Hmm I like that,\" she thought out loud. Still laughing she ran down the steps to the dining room, where her Mom was setting the table. \"Hey Andi, dinner will be ready in around 5 minutes, so make sure all your homeworks done.\" \"Ok. Oh and Mom?\" \"Yes Sweetheart?\" \"Thank you. Thank you so much for letting me ride. If it weren't for you I might not have even gotten excepted into the program.\" \"Oh your welcome Honey. It was worth your father's grief. Anyways, it was kind of fun being in charge for a change.\" \"Mom, you are in charge!! Do you think Dad does the dishes? Get a life,\" Andi laughed to herself as she left the room, leaving her Mom puzzled and smiling. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~[Chapter 2] Chapter 2/The Date \"Calm down girl!! You're gonna make yourself flushed!\" \"I know Kel, It's just that I'm so nervous-what if he hates it. Or even worse-what if I hate it!!!\" \"Andi chill. Dean's a great guy, a total hottie. Oh, and about that YOU not liking him thing.\" \"Ya?\" \"Well forget it!! You are totally in love girl!!\" \"Well I wouldn't go that far, but I do get weak when I see him.\" \"Don't take it personally sis, but even I get weak when I see him-he's a total hottie,\" she joked. Andrea sighed. Kelly had been her best friend since 3^rd grade. She was so much more experienced in this department, but Andi knew she didn't need help picking out her clothes, makeup, or her hair. (Which was growing back, and was almost shoulder length) After being Dean's \"buddy\" she had gotten to know him better then anyone, and he really didn't notice appearance, at least as much as she would. Kelly did have a point though-his appearance wasn't something that just slid by. He was definitely the cuteset guy; she'd ever met, much less dated. \"Earth to Andi! What do you think about this skirt?\" \"It's cute, but I kind of had my eye on this,\" she said picking up her black miniskirt and baby blur tank. \"Perfect. Now go get dressed, he'll be here any minute now.\" \"Andrea, Dean's here to pick you up,\" Andy yelled. Andi rolled her eyes. Her brother was great, but was obviously not the most sincere person in the world. \"I'll be down in two minutes,\" she yelled back. She grabbed a sweater, her purse, (fully stocked with makeup in case of a facial emergency) and her shoes. She slipped the black strappy sandals on. She glanced in the mirror on her way out. They made her legs look long and glamorous. Her baby blue toes peeked out perfectly underneath. At least I'm a girl again, or else I would have had to tell him it cut vibration on the foot peddles, she laughed to herself. After a quick hair/makeup check she was finally ready. She ran down the steps, almost running right into her mother. \"Mom, um, I was just about to leave.\" \"I know,\" her Mom smiled. \"Have fun sweetheart. Oh and be prepared, he looks incredible!\" \"Andi laughed nervously and headed out the door. \"Dean, hey,\" she said stepping outside. He came into full view. Whoa! He looked, not incredible, but fabulous, in khaki's and a polo shirt. \"Hey Andi. Wow you look great,\" he said, looking like her truly meant it. They headed to the car. Andi climbed in the front seat, incredibly nervous. \"So, um, do you like pop music,\" she asked anxiously. \"Ya, I guess. I'm more of a rocker though. He grinned and finally settled on a pop station. They pulled out of the driveway. Free at last, she breathed a sigh of relief. \"What's up,\" he asked half frowning. \"Oh nothing, I'm just happy to be out of the house, and here with you.\" \"Good,\" he said smiling. They cruised into the movie theater parking lot. \"I thought we might start with the movie,\" he said looking at his feet. \"Then maybe we could grab a burger or something.\" \"Sounds great,\" she replied happily. She didn't add the rest out loud. Anything to spend time with you is ok with me. \"So what do you want to see? Anything particular,\" he asked her. \"I don't know-what's playing?\" \"Well, there's a new Bruce Willis flick out.\" She shook her head. \"There's a drama,\" she added hopefully. He looked slightly disapointed. \"Ok,\" she laughed. \"There's another, um, Disapearance At Dawn- a horror film. It's supossed to be great. Wanna try it out?\" \"Sounds perfect,\" he laughed. He paid for their tickets, and drinks and got them settled. The plot was great. Something about a girl getting kidnapped by a lake, Sort of a Ransom type of thing. Andi was watching Dean and the movie though, and he seemed pretty interested. I better pay attention in case he wants to discuss it later, she thought. About halfway through the movie his arm went across her back, her hand across his knee. She was so self-concious, she couldn't move. After a while, she began to relax, and they joined hands. Just they feeling of his palm in hers, made her heart go wild. After the movie, they settled on Burger Boy for dinner. They sat down at the farthest booth. \"To drink miss?\" The waitress had startled her. \"Um, coke please.\" She turned to Dean. \"I'll have the same,\" he added. They finally ordered, and ate in silence, taking in each other's company. After it was all paid for, they headed to the car. They drove in silence, but Andi was well aware of Dean's right arm drapped casually across he shoulders. As they pulled into the Carson's driveway they both started to talk at once. They laughed. \"I had a great time,\" he said. \"Me too,\" she added dreamily. They both knew what came next, the best part, they goodbye kiss.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3/ Love \"I can't believe it,\" Andi laughed, running into her house. Dean had dropped her off two hours after they had pulled into the Carson's driveway. \"Hi sweetie! Did you and Dean have a good time?\" \"Wonderful Mom!! Wonderful.\" \"Well here's the lovebird. How was your date? Dean better treat my little girl right! If he doesn't I think we'll be looking for a new 250 rider,\" her father whooped. \"For your information Dad, I had a GREAT time, and we WON'T need a new 250 rider, because Dean treats me just fine. Excuse me. I'll be in my room,\" Andrea left, leaving a bewildered father standing in the doorway. The next few weeks were practically a blur. Dean and Andrea were always together, and Kelly was very happy for them. Andy and her parents were also getting to be very fond of Dean, and loved seeing him when he and Andi weren't out, which was rare. Andi had been acting unusually happy lately. \"Mom?\" \"Yes Andrew?\" \"Is something wrong with Andi?\" \"No! Well at least I hope not! What led you to think such a thing?\" \"Well, for starters, I heard her singing in the shower, and she keeps playing that one song.\" \"What song honey?\" Before he had a chance to answer Andi came bounding down the stairs. \"L is for the way you look at me. O is for the only one I see. V is very, very extra ordinary. E is even more then anyone that you adore, and love is allllll that I can give to yoooou love, is more the just a game or two. Oooh take my heart and please don't break it. Looooove was made for me and yooooooou,\" and sang cheerfully, pouring herself a Coke. \"That song,\" Andrew mumbled incoherently. \"Honey where are you going,\" Geneva asked watching Andi throw on her white spring jacket. \"Oh me and Dean are going shopping! I'll be home by 10. Love you,\" and with that she was out the door, at the sound of Dean's honking. \"Shopping? Wow she really does have him wrapped around her finger, doesn't she?\" \"Oh Andrew. Nothing's wrong with your sister.\" \"It isn't?\" \"No. She's just caught a very popular disease in this area.\" \"What? Is she going to be ok? What is it?\" \"A little thing I like to call the love bug,\" his Mom said, smiling, as she turned back to folding her laundry. \"Woman,\" Andy replied, heading towards his room. \"Well said son,\" his Dad said passing him down the steps. \"Hey,\" his mother said, pulling him into a kiss. \"Everybody's in love,\" Andrew replied. \"Except me.\" Earth to Andi! Earth to Andi!\" \"Huh?\" \"Andi, you've been ignoring me for the past 2 hours. What's wrong with you?\" \"Nothing. It's just that I miss Dean so much.\" \"Andi, you to can barely detach! Besides, it's not like your married or anything.\" \"Yes, but I seriously think I might be in love.\" \"In love? Oh my god! With who,\" Kelly asked confused. Andi rolled her eyes. Kelly was a great friend, but she could be a real ditz. \"Never mind. Listen, I think I might call Dean, so I'll call you later, ok?\" \"Fine.\" \"Kelly are you mad?\" \"Of course not Andrea. I'm not at the slightest bit.\" \"Good, well I'll ttyl ok?\" \"Bye.\" Well, at least she's not mad, Andi thought to herself. \"Oh my God now look who's the ditz! Kelly's furious. I've known her since the 3^rd grade, and I can't even tell when she's mad? That's pathetic,\" she said to herself. \"What's pathetic,\" Andrew asked coming in from the doorway. \"Oh nothing, just a lousy fight with Kelly.\" \"What? You and Kelly never fight! What's the deal?\" \"Well Kelly thinks I'm seeing to much of Dean.\" \"You are.\" \"Hey! I want moral support, your not supposed to agree.\" \"Oh sorry,\" Andy said grinning wryly. \"So anyways, she's like, going on and on about how happy she is for me, when all of a sudden she gets all aggrivated.\" \"Well, if it's any of my business, I must say that she has a point, but you do too. I mean, why's it so wrong for you to be happy too?\" Andi sighed. \"I'm going to call Dean. Thanks for the talk, I think your right, I just don't know what to do about it.\" \"Ok, lil' sis. Have fun talking to God.\" \"Not funny, and anyways what do you mean `lil sis?\" \"I'm older by 3 minutes and 20 seconds,\" Andy said grinning as he left the room. Andi sighed as she dialed the oh-so-familiar- number on the phone.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4/ Winter 4 months later \"Andi, Dean's here to help put up the tree!\" \"Coming Mom,\" Andi yelled to her mother. Four wonderful months into their relationship and Andi and Dean were still going strong. I love him so much, she thought. The holidays are such a wonderful time! I have to figure out what to by Dean. Even though Andi knew Dean would appreciate anything she bought him, she knew any old gift wouldn't be special enough. I mean we're talking about Dean. The Dean she had been flocking over since the moment they met. Her Mom, Dad, and brothers were easy to by for, gift certificates mostly, but she still couldn't decide what to get him. What do you get the boy you love for Christmas? It was times like this that Andi wished her and Kelly was still talking. The truth was Kelly had deserted Andi when her and Dean became serious. Andi had other friends, other cheerleaders, preps that hung in her crowd, and even some moto racers, but Kelly was like a sister. Used to be, she corrected herself. Sisters don't just desert each other when one of them is happy. Andi ran down the steps, nearly colliding with Dean himself. He looked incredibly handsome in his tight blue-gray button down, and neat, but not perfect khakis. Then again, Dean always looked great. Dean grinned a huge lopsided boyish grin, and swept Andi into his arms. \"Kizz me my loove,\" he drawled in a fake Dracula accent. \"Oh, and if I don't,\" she teased. \"I vill suck your blood,\" he exclaimed. Wow he sounds adorable, she thought laughing to herself. They hugged and kissed, and headed downstairs. \"Ahh here come the two lovebirds now! We were just discussing you two,\" her father bellowed laughing at what seemed to be his own private joke. Her mother smiled, a mischeivious glint in her eyes. Andi glanced between the two confused. \"What about us?\" \"Oh you two are so much in love. You're handling your relationship so maturely. Not kissing all the time like some couples.\" Andi glanced at Dean out of the corner of her eye. They both seemed to be holding in laughter. That's what they think Andi thought happily. Winter was emerging, and everybody seemed happy. Except Andy that is. Where is Andy, she thought. Probably with some friends, no need to worry. Dean glanced around. \"Should I tell her,\" her asked her parents a grin appearing on his face, dimples and all. \"Yes! Make her squeal with anticipation,\" her father boomed, laughing. \"Well Andi, the thing is, I have a surprise for you. A big surprise.\" \"What,\" Andi asked excited and confused. \"Oh you'll see, the word surprise has a meaning doesn't it?\" She laughed, excited about this \"surprise\" and worried about Andy. What could it be, she wondered.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5/Surprise \"Andi, are you ok? You've been spaced out since Christmas. Did Dean and younhave a fight?\" \"Oh no Mom. Me and Dean are the greatest. That's just thenthing. He has this surprise present for me. What is it?\" \"Well honey, all Incan say is that it has to do with the New Year.\" \"Oh well, when does henplan to tell me, next year?\" \"No Honey, we just have to sort out detailsnand stuff. He told your father he may tell you tonight. By the way, wherenis your brother?\" \"Andy? I haven't been able to find him either. He seemsnso spaced out lately. I'm worried.\" \"You mean to tell me he didn't comenhome last night,\" her mother said a very worried look on her face. \"Mom,nyou know Andy. Where would he go? A friend's at the most. Anyway I wouldn'tnknow, he pretty much keeps to himself lately.\" \"Oh...well could you go downnto the part store when Dean comes to pick you up and ask Jimmy if he's seennAndy?\" \"Sure thing Mom, oh and by the way, Dean's coming for dinner afternthe movie. Hopefully I'll hear about my surprise then,\" Andi repliednexcitedly. \"Hey Andi!! How are you Carson's lately?\" \"Hey Jimmy!! We're great, but wencan't seem to find Andy, have you seen him?\" \"You mean he's….but he toldnme……you don't know that…..?\" \"Jimmy, just tell me where he is,\" Andinreplied annoyed. \"Oh I can't man, I mean girl, I mean..listen, Andy told menthat he had a major blowout with his parents, and they kicked him out, sonI'm assuming your parents knew..\" \"WHAT?? Andy hasn't even been around thenhouse!! Where exactly did he go?\" \"Well maybe I shouldn't…\" \"JIMMY WHERE ISnMY BROTHER??\" \"He's in New York man.\" \"New York?? New York City?? But why,nAndy's never done anything like this before! He's always pretty much stayednat home,\" she wondered confused. Dean, who had been pretty quiet, put anreassuring hand on Andi's shaking shoulder. \"It's ok. We'll find him babe.\"n\"If it's any help at all, Andy came by my house and asked to borrow 500nbucks. Said something about taxi and apartment fairs and stuff. I figurednhe was staying to cool off for the weekend or something, a confused Jimmynturned to help a customer. \"Dean, what am I going to do?\" \"Listen Andi,nyour Christmas present is NYC. We'll find him there,\" he said quietly.n\"What? NYC? Dean what are you talking about, Andy's missing!!\" \"I knownbaby. Your Christmas present from me is a three-week vacation to NYC. Wencan stay with my aunt, and your parents are giving us some spending money.\"n\"What,\" Andi asked shocked and delighted, a huge grin appearing on hernface. \"You mean you got my parents to agree to that? You msut be a genius!nOoh this is going to be so much fun!! In fact I'm going to call Kelly whennwe get back and make up with her. We have some major shopping to do!! Ohnya, what about Andy,\" Andi sighed, worried about her twin. \"I have annidea.\" \"What,\" Andi asked nervously. \"We'll call every hotel in NYC. We'llnfind him sweetie, don't worry.\" He squeezed her shoulder reassuringly, andngave her a quick hug. \"We better get home for that dinner. We have phonencalls to make.\" \"What about the movie,\" Andi asked confused. \"Forget thenmovie. Let's go.\" Dean led her home, ready to break the news to hernparents.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6/Andy \"Belaire Hotel, Haneysa speaking, how may I help you?\" \"Hey, is there anyoung man looked around 15, blonde hair, average height, staying there?\"n\"Um, I think so. Name please?\" \"Well we're not sure if he used his realnname. Look up Andrew Carson.\" \"Hold please.\" Andi sighed. Her and Dean hadnbeen at that for 6 hours already. They had two hotels left, not includingnthe Belaire. \"Oh Dean if he's not there I'll die! I wish he knew how much Inloved him! He's my twin, and twins stick together, even if we're boy/girlnand fight sometimes.\" \"It'll be ok baby,\" Dean murmured in a soothingnvoice, rubbing Andi's shoulders. He pulled her head into his lap andnwhispered comforting words in her ear. \"Hello,\" the hotel operator asked.nStartled, Andi rushed to grab the phone. \"Yes?\" \"We have a listing. Wouldnyou like me to call him for you? I can connect you.\" \"No, no I'd like it ifnyou'd not mention this conversation. How many nights has he checked intonfor?\" \"Three more days.\" \"Ok thank you. Dean, we found Andy!! He'snregistered for three more days, we have to leave NOW!\" \"Whoa! Calm downnCarson!! We'll find Andy. Why not wait till morning to leave?\" \"We have tonleave now,\" Andi said, a determined look in her eyes. \"Mom and Dad arencoming with us, and then driving Andy back, he's in major trouble, becausenI'm going to hug him in the lobby!!\" Dean laughed and pulled Andi close.n\"My clothes are already in the car, if you pack we can make it there bynmorning.\" \"Great!!\" Andi packed her clothes, throwing everything she ownednin her suitcases, and was ready in 30 minutes. They were on the rode innanother 30, and in New York State in another. The car ride wasn't that bad,nand as Geneva drove, Andi and Dean made out in the back seat of their jeep.nArriving in NYC was a pain. Major traffic and lights crowded the streets,nand everybody seemed to be in a rush. Andi had been to New York City oncenwhen she was a meer child, but she had only fragments of memory as she rodenthrough the sites, Dean's sweaty palm in her own. She was in love.nDefinently. \"Welcome to the Belaire Hotel.\" \"Hello, what number is Andrew Carson in?\"n\"Room….438, on the 2nd floor.\" \"Thank you miss.\" \"Sure thing.\" They dashednoff in search of room 438. \"I found it,\" Andi yelled to her family and Deannacross the hall. She took a deep breath a knocked. \"Yes,\" Andy replied sleepily opening the door. \"Oh god,\" he whisperednseeing who it was. \"All of you,\" he replied weakly. \"Oh Andy,\" she criednthrowing her arms around him. She began to sob lightly on his chest. \"Sis?nWhat's wrong Andi? Oh my god! What's the matter? How did you find me?\" \"Shenmissed you that's what's the matter,\" Geneva replied, pushing her way in.nShe slammed the door behind her. \"Your sister and Dean were on the phonenfor 6 hours!! Six hours calling every hotel in New York City. Every hotel,nmind you Andrew, including this one. If Jimmy didn't have such a big mouthnwe might have never found you. Is that all you mean to us Andrew? Yournfather and I? Jason? Mostly Andi? Your sister and you have always been sonclose. Why didn't you confide in her? Why didn't you TALK to us? Mostnimportantly why did you leave,\" her mother was sobbing now, and leanednagainst the door for support. She sank to the floor, sobs escaping hernchest. A guilty looking Andy sighed and ran his fingers through his messednup hair. \"I'm so sorry sis,\" he whispered pulling Andi closer, into a tightnhug. \"I love you all so much. It's just that I felt like nobody cared at allnabout me. Nobody was listening to my problems. Not even you Andi,\" henreplied, the last remark causing a look of pure pain to come across hisnface, also causing a major shot of guilt jolt thought Andi, almost knockingnher down. Had she listened to her brother at all? No. She had been tonwrapped up in Dean and her own issues that for once she hadn't bothered tonlisten. \"I'm sorry Andy,\" she sobbed loudly her voice cracking at his name.n\"I love you, we love you,\" she replied taking her mother's hand. \"Pleasencome home Andy. Please?\" Her voice pleaded with him, so that he couldn'tnresist smiling. \"Of course I'll come home. I always would have. I justnneeded at little attention that's all.\" \"Ya, well you better NEVER scare menlike that again young man. Next time you feel unwanted, which your not, andnneed a little attention, you remind us of New York, and we'll stick rightnby ya,\" his Mom said, pulling him close. They all joined in a small group,nwhen Andi noticed Dean, in the corner. \"I believe me and you have somenvacationing to do buster,\" she said, a sly smile appearing on her face.n\"Sure thing,\" he said brighting up. \"We're outta here! Let's get to mynaunt's before morning rush hour.\" \"Great.\" She pulled her Mom and Andy intonone last hug and kissed them both. \"Have fun and stay safe,\" her Momnreplied smiling. \"Take care of her Dean,\" she winked. Andi and Dean nodded,nand turned towards the door.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7/Vacation \"Whoa, I'm definitely emotionally drained. Can we take a quick nap beforenwe see the sites?\" \"Ha, you couldn't have asked at a better time, andnbelieve me, I'm not just tired,\" Dean laughed. \"I'm just so glad we'renfinally alone,\" Andi sighed happily, snuggling into Dean's awaiting arms.nBold and strong they beckoned her, taking in his strong aroma, feeling lostnin his grasp, laying her head on his chest, she felt herself slipping outnof reality, she was in love. Andi woke up startled; it was 3:00 am. Dean lay fast asleep beside her. Shenstroked his hair, pushing a short lock from his eyes adoringly. People saynthey're in love. That there's always a day when it just hit's you, likenBOOM. This was that moment. She felt so safe in his loving arms that shennever wanted to pull away. Dean's eyes fluttered open. He smiled at thensight of the most beautiful thing he wished to see in the morning, in fact,nlately it was the only thing he wished to see in the morning. \"Good morningnsunshine! What brings this lovely light into your eyes today?\" \"Hi Baby,\"nshe said smiling sweetly, just the joy of seeing you face next to mine.\"nDean smiled and slipped off the covers. \"Ready for another surprise,\" henasking grinning mysteriously. \"What,\" she asked confused. \"Another? Younmean we're leaving New York already?\" \"No, no, no. A surprise IN New York,nI've arranged a totally romantic setting, picture this: a picnic in CentralnPark, just the two of us!!\" Just the two of us, Andi thought grinning.n\"Sounds wonderful,\" she said dreamily. \"Wait, isn't Central Park alwaysncrowded?\" \"Yes, but I choose a special spot for the two of us,\" he repliedngrinning. \"Now go get dressed, we have a long day ahead of us.\" Andi and Dean spent an incredible day together. He was right, it was anbeautiful choice. A grassy area, with a lot of wildflowers, and a streamnthat ran alongside them. It was just like a seen from a romance film. Anpicture perfect scene out of some steamy chick flick. All day they lay bynthe water feeding each other grapes, noodles, cake, and ice cream. It justnfelt so good to be with him, be by him, be near him. It was like a bigncyclone, a never-ending tunnel, a time warp, and Dean kept pulling her in,nand drinking her in. Andi knew she was falling for him hard and fast, shenonly hoped he was too. The rest of the vacation was like a dream. They saw all the sites and didneverything normal, but the best part of the vacation was the sentimentalnmoments, the serious moments, the times when it seemed like they were thenonly ones on earth, all they'd ever need was each other, when they heldneach other close the world seemed to right, and it reassured Andi to getnout of bed each day, and take each new day as it came at her. She loved it,nyet she was terribly afraid. Afraid that she might be giving up her heartnto Dean, and when you gave up your heart there was no telling what younmight do or how far you might go, exactly how far will I go, she wonderednsilently. \"Andi, earth to Andi,\" Dean laughed. \"Come on girl, we're almost home,\" henlaughed again. \"Wow, that trip really wore me out,\" Andi said sleepily. Shenclimbed to behind the driver's seat and wrapped her arms around Dean'snneck, kissing his hair. \"Tired,\" she wondered aloud. \"Yeah, but now thatnI'm seeing your beautiful face, I'm awake,\" he sighed sweetly. \"Dean?\"n\"Yes?\" \"I love you.\" \"I love you too,\" he replied, amazed at how true hisnwords really were.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8/Drowning To: KellyKat128 From: Motochic435 Re: HELP Kelly, Hi, I miss you. How are you? I'm not going to apologize, but I amngoing to ask you to email me back. I'm falling fast. I'm scared even. It'sna great feeling. I heard you and Josh are an official couple. Great newsngirl!! Please, Please, Please w/b. I need to pour everything out. Right nownI already have a WONDERFUL, FABULOUS, HOT, GREAT, GORGEOUS, ROMANTIC, bf.nWhat I don't have is a best friend. PLEASE LULAS(love u like a sister) Andi To: Motochic435 From: KellyKat128 Re: (none) Andi, Hi, I know you have a bf. The question is do you have room for menanymore? I hope so!! I miss you too!! Please email me the whole story---nonwait, call me tomorrow! LULAS A&F; (always and forever) KELLY Andi was just about to log offline after an exhausting makeout session withnDean when she had decided to check her mail. Well Kelly wanted to benfriends again. That was a good sign. She rubbed her neck and walked over tonher desk. I better write my English report, she thought laughing. She knewnshe wasn't going to do any report. Every time she sat done to even thinknabout homework, her thoughts always drifted to Dean. Mrs. Dean Talon, shenscribbled on her notebook. Andrea Talon. Sounds good to me, she thought.nThe next thought stuck to her mind, \"I love you too.\" The very words Deannand her had spoken just three days ago. I really do love him, she thought,nI'm just so happy. I know what I need. I need to have a talk with the twonpeople with I care about most besides Dean, Andy and Mom. \"Mom,\" shenyelled. \"Andy!! I need to talk to you guys! \"We're in the kitchen,\" hernmother yelled back. \"Come on down!!\" Andi slipped on her flannel robe andnran down the stairs. \"Hey, what's up,\" her Mom asked anxiously. \"We need tontalk,\" Andi replied unsure of what she was doing. \"Andy could you pleasensit too? I need to ask you both.\" \"Sure sis, what's happening?\" \"Ok, well Inreally like Dean right?\" \"Yes, her brother replied. 'Well I'm falling innlove with him, at least I'm pretty sure.\" \"Oh Baby,\" her mother saidnsmiling softly. \"Nervous stomach?\" \"Yep.\" \"Can't concentrate?\" \"Yeah.\"n\"Weak knees?\" \"You got it.\" \"Tingles and all Andi I think you are in love.nWe need to celebrate. Tomorrow after school me and you can go shopping!\"nAndi blushed and started to say ok, when her mother interrupted her. \"Wait-nYou have plans with Dean I can see it in your eyes. Go with him honey.\"n\"Thanks Mom,\" Andi smiled cheerfully. \"Whoa,\" Andy muttered. \"What,\" Andinasked. \"You got it bad sis.\" \"I know,\" she shrugged. \"That's what's sonwonderful. When I'm with Dean I forget everything and everyone. All mynproblems dissolve, and it's me and Dean only. It's like together we can donanything. I feel so loved and happy, like I'm floating on clouds ornsomething,\" she blushed happily. \"This weekend in New York I reallynrealized it. Like exactly how much I love Dean. I mean, I can't even thinknof anything else! It's…wonderful,\" she sighed. \"Andi,\" her mother whispered. \"Be careful. I think you have a serious casenof the love bug, it can be beautiful-yet deadly, friends turn on you,\" tellnme about it, Andi thought. \"People drift apart, Dean won't hurt you, and Inknow you wouldn't hurt him, just don't neglect everything else you love.\"n\"I know, Mom, I know.\" \"Sis?\" \"Yeah?\" \"If there is a deathly disease fornlove, you have absolutely no chance of survival.\" \"I know,\" Andi laughed.n\"Nighty-night you two, I love you both,\" and with that she ran up thenstairs towards the bathroom, humming the whole way. After a long relaxing bath, Andi felt so refreshed, she felt absolutelynwonderful, except for one thing. She had gotten so used Dean's gentlenbreathing, and his feet wrapped around hers. At first she had been worried,nthinking maybe Dean might try to make a move or something, but she knew asnwell as he did, that they were still not ready for that. I have to callnhim, she thought silently. \"Dean?\" \"Andi hi, um not that I don't want tontalk but it's almost 1:00 am. What's up?\" \"Oh Dean, I can't sleep withoutnyou, I just want you here to wrap your arms around me and take me in.\"n\"I'll be right over,\" he replied anxiously, and moments later, he wasnlaying next to Andi, his big tan arms incircling her body, his soft sweet,nsalty kisses drowning her with his love.[Chapter 9] Chapter 9/Fighting \"Dean, listen to me, I don't want to go to your friends! We should bentogether on Valentine's Day, not apart. We need to spend time togethernalone, not with your friends!\" \"Andi, it's only for a few hours, and theyninvited us, we should go to be nice.\" \"Listen Dean, let's get one thingnstraight, they invited YOU, you invited me, also I know you when yournhaving fun, two hours becomes four, then six and eight. You'll end up therenall night. You just go we'll talk when we cool off. Have a good time.\"n\"Andi baby, come on, the party's only for two hours anyway, please, atnleast let me come over afterwards,\" he pleaded with her. \"Please Andi, Inlove you, I want to be with you, and,\" \"Dean, don't make me hang up on you,nwe'll talk later,\" and with that she said goodbye, and hung up the phone,nafter taking a few moments to take in what just happened, Andi realizednwhat she had just done. Maybe I should call him back; she thought tearsnwelling up in her eyes. Emotions rang through her, and she finally let go,nshe fell down across her bed, sobbing until the tears wouldn't come anynlonger. \"Andi, Hey girl!! I missed you so much!! What's up you look so down? Whynthe long face, we've forgiven and forgotten and we're ready to go kick somenass!!\" \"Kelly, I'm not really in the mood-can we just talk?\" \"Carson, comenon!! We haven't done anything in ages and all you want to do is talk? I hadna few better things in mind,\" she said deviously, raising her eyebrows.nAndi grinned, and let out a girlish giggle. They laughed and laughed likenthey hadn't laughed in ages. \"I missed you so much Kel, Dean and me had anhuge blowout. He wants to go to this party with his friends for V-Dayninstead of chill with me. I'm so depressed Kelly. I planned on making a bignromantic dinner for the two of us. I want to make up with him but…\" \"Aren'tnyour folks going to be home?\" \"Nah, they're going out-for V-Day. Unlikensome other couple I know,\" she groaned. \"Andi, you need to forget about himnfor a night.\" She laughed. \"Let's go out, and get me some booty,\" shenlaughed again. \"Nah, I think,\" \"You think you're going to sit here and feelnsorry for yourself,\" Kelly finished. \"Not happening. Come on, let's atnleast go to the mall.\" Andi smiled slowly, not able to stop herself fromnbreaking into a huge grin. \"Ok, I'll go with you, just promise me we won'tntalk about Dean?\" \"Not a problem,\" she said laughing. \"We will anywaynthough, your in love Andi, you can't NOT go without Dean. You know you'llnmake up. You love each with a strong passion; you will and you know younwill. Actually you need to wait, make him realize how much you two needneach other. Andi I'm finally happy for you. I think I always have been, Injust couldn't accept the thought of us breaking apart, you know like notnbeing best friends anymore. Anyways, I did that anyway,\" she sighed,nlooking disappointed in herself. Andi's eyes welled up with tears. \"Kelly,nKelly we are best friends. I' so…so sorry, sorry I wasn't there for you.nSorry I didn't listen when you needed to talk.\" \"Andi?\" \"Yes?\" \"Thank you.\"n\"For…?\" \"For being a great friend, for being so great about this wholenthing, and for making me realize how much I needed you.\" Andi smiled, \"Inthink I'm just going to lay down for awhile. Maybe read a few books.\" \"Ok,nwell I'll just leave then,\" she laughed. \"Ok, thank you for stopping by.\"n\"Welcome, oh and call Dean-later.\" \"Ok, bye.\" \"Bye.\" After Kelly had gone, Andi slept. She slept all afternoon and night. Shenwished and dreamed that Dean would call her, but he didn't. Finally on thenmorning after Valentine's Day, Februray 15th, she called him. \"Dean, hey, Inmiss you,\" she said shakily. \"Hey Babe, I missed you too.\" \"How was younValentine's Day?\" \"Fine, you?\" \"Same.\" \"Did you go to the party?\" \"No, Inchilled at home, depressed.\" \"Why didn't you go?\" He made such a big dealnover it, she thought annoyed. \"I knew you didn't want me to, and evennthough you're so mad, I knew I wouldn't feel right going alone.\" Andinmelted, obviously forgiving him. \"I love you Dean. I forgive you.nValentine's day was terrible without my Valentine here. Can you come over?nWe need to make up for lost time,\" she replied sweetly. \"Give me 30nminutes, to shower, and pick up your gift.\" \"Why, you haven't gotten itnyet?\" \"It's been on layaway since Christmas,\" he laughed. Andi smiled, andnwaited, knowing a perfectly romantic makeup was in store.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10/More Then Ever \"Andi,\" Dean murmured, stroking her chin softly, \"I love you.\" \"I love yountoo Dean, so much,\" she whispered back. They had been like this since theirnfight, all over each other, never taking a moment to breath, or even think.nAndi couldn't help it, she wanted him, needed him, almost couldn't livenwithout him. Maybe it was just making up that caused it, ore maybe itnwasn't, she didn't know. All she knew was that she loved Dean with all ofnher heart, and he felt the same. Dean glanced at Andi's soft feathery blonde hair. Her blue eyes andnwonderful smile. Everything about her made him love her more, taking innevery second he had with her, making every moment seem not quite so real.nHe just couldn't believe she loved him as much, if possible. He couldn'tncontrol his feelings. He knew with all of his heart that this was it; thisnwas the girl for him. He couldn't help but believe in fate, when he thoughtnof that. Andi sighed with momentary pleasure as Dean stroked her back, gentlyntouched his lips to hers, tousled her hair, stroked her skin, whisperingnloving words on the back of her neck. Everything he did made her think ofnher love, she knew she was in far to deep, but with Dean nothing elsenmattered. Nothing at all, not even school, not Kelly, not even her family,nexcept for Andy, whom she spent the other half of her time with. She knewnthe others felt neglected, but she couldn't help it. She was so in love,nand so happy with Dean, she didn't even feel anything else. \"Dean,\" shenwhispered in between kisses. \"Dean, do you think we'll be togethernforever?\" He smiled, and slowly whispered, \"If it's at all up to me, mostndefinently.\" Andi melted, feeling so safe in his strong arms, remindingnherself that school would let out soon, and the wonderful days, and nightsnthey would have together.[Chapter 11] Chapter 11/Spring Fever Andi moaned, as she sat up Monday morning. A wave of nausea instantly fellnover her. \"Mom,\" she yelled, feeling sicker then ever. \"Dean,\" shenwhispered anemic. Her mother came running up the stairs. \"Andi? Baby,nwhat's wrong, you look so pale!!\" Andi nodded, and tried to stand up, butncouldn't. She fell down, and almost blacked out, half-conscious. \"I'mncalling Dean, we're going to the emergency room,\" her mother saidnfrantically. Andi moaned again, in silent agreement, and waited for hernMother to call. In a matter of minutes, she was lying in the backseat ofnher Mom's car, her head in Dean's lap. He stroked her forehead, andnwhispered comforting words in her ear. They pulled up to South Glen MedicalnCenter, and grabbed a wheelchair at the door. Andi sat in wonderment, halfnawake, watching her mother go to the insurance desk. Dean sat next to hernawkwardly, holding Andi's hand, looking very alarmed. \"Andrea Carson,\" thennurse said, only what seemed to be seconds later. Her mother wheeled hernthrough the double doors, Dean at their side. It took not 5 minutes for thendoctor to arrive. He took one look at her, and frowned. \"Young lady, younare very anemic, you may have a strong case of Mononucleosis. We better getnyou over to the lab for some blood tests.\" Andi frowned, and let out anhoarse cough. \"Whoa! Interesting cough you got there, do you smoke,\" thendoctor questioned, a concerned look on his face. Andi, in the middle of ansudden coughing fit, couldn't answer herself, so she glanced up at Dean andnher mother. \"No,\" her mother said firmly. \"She doesn't smoke,\" Dean repliednat the doctor. \"Is this true young lady,\" the doctor asked certainly. Andinglanced up again, and shook her head yes. \"Well, it seems to me that younhave a bad case of pneumonia. We better get you admitted as soon asnpossible. We'll run a few minor tests just to make sure, but I'm almostnpositive, better run along home and get her stuff,\" her directed at Geneva,nwhose face had gone from red, to white, to blue, and back to a much palernwhite. She shook her head in agreement, and wheeled Andi out the doublendoors to the hospital lab. Hours later, once Andi was settled in her room, her mother came back withnher stuff. She glanced from the doorway, and was startled to see Dean stillnthere, at her bedside, stroking her forehead lovingly, obviouslynfrightened. \"Dean, what are you still doing here,\" she wondered aloud. \"Younshould have gone home hours ago, the doctors said she'd be out for a goodnfive more hours!!\" Dean glanced at Geneva, an annoyed frown on his face.n\"Mrs. Carson I love Andi!! I wouldn't leave her here alone, what if shenwoke up and nobody was here to comfort her?\" Geneva looked down in silentnagreement. \"I suppose you have a point. I was planning on spending thennight with her, want to join me? It's not like you'll miss school ornanything,\" she said, embarrassed. \"Absolutely,\" he replied gratefully. \"Inwas planning on it anyway, hoping that I wouldn't have to beg.\" \"It's nonproblem, I could sure use the company while she sleeps,\" she said smiling.nGreat, he thought, this will give me an opportunity to get to know Andi'snmom. She would like that. For the next few days, Dean and Geneva stayed by Andi's bedside, laughing,nchatting, and playing games, while she drifted in and out of sleep. Jasonnand Mr. Carson dropped in occasionally, but it was mainly Geneva and Dean,nkeeping each other company, as they both watched the girl the loved getnwell. After close to a week, Andi was up and about, ready to get out, andnhead home. She was recovering rapidly, with almost nothing left but a sorenchest, as evidence. She watched from her bed as Dean and her mother gotnacquainted, and she loved it. Finally, she could rest, knowing that hernmother did enjoy Dean's company. Even Dad and Jason dropped by, she thoughtnto herself, pleased. She squeezed Dean's hand eager to be off thendepressing, sleeping pills, that had knocked her out for the past few days.nShe smiled and lay back, ready for the quick drive home, and shower ofngifts.[Chapter 12] Chapter 12/Always And Forever \"Andi, I have something for you,\" Dean said, excitedly. \"You do? What,\"nAndi asked, smiling in surprise. \"Well, we've been going out for a fewnmonths right,\" he said. \"Yes, 9 months, 2 weeks, and 6 days,\" Andi declarednknowingly, flashing Dean a one of a kind smile. \"Yes, and we've nevernreally made a promise-a promise to love, and honor, and cherish.\" Andinglanced at Dean confused. \"Your not proposing are you?\" \"No, well, kinda-nsorta. I'm asking you to take this promise ring Andi,\" he whisperednsweetly. \"I want you to take it, and keep it, symboling that we'll bentogether forever, a way of showing that marriage will come when it's ready,nbut no matter what we'll be together. Andi, you're my girl, and I love younwith all of my heart. Nothing, nobody can take your place, and I'll lovenyou forever, no matter how we end up.\" Andi stared, astonished. \"Oh Dean,\"nshe said eagerly. \"Of course I'll take the ring, I thought you'd nevernask!\" She sighed and glanced at Dean, the sweetest guy in the world, and henwas hers. The might go to different schools, live in different towns, butnwhen it all came down to one, they were equally special, and she knew then,nknew that she was willing to spend the rest of her life with this man, thisnguy, for eternity. Nothing would ever change that. Whether it was the firstnlove jitters, or something much deeper, it didn't matter, because eithernway, Dean was hers, forever. No stupid, silly, fight could change thatnstatement. She finally had what every girl dreamed of: the perfect man. Thendream lover you figured existed only in fairy tales. Nothing could changenthe way she felt about Dean. She was the luckiest girl in the world at thatnmoment. Nobody could make her frown. All her dreams were coming true, andnit was all happening so fast. A wonderful family, a great career racingnMotocrossed, a wonderful future at Princeton University, maybe a degree innphysical therapy, wonderful friends, and the greatest guy in the world,nright there, in her very own living room. She sighed, smiling at hernthoughts, wonderful thoughts, and dreams of the life her and Dean would onenday live. Of course the future wasn't now, now all she wanted to do wasnlive in the present, the feeling of Dean's arms enclosed around her madenher feel so safe, like nothing or nobody could hurt her, she was held apartnfrom the world while in those arms, and she knew she'd have to realize onenday. She'd have to realize the dates she'd never go on, the experiencenshe'd never had-with anybody-but Dean. And she could care less. The truthnwas she realized, that she didn't WANT to date any other guys, and shendidn't NEED experience with anyone else. She had everything she could evernwant or need, right here. \"Andrea? Andi, hi! How was you day? Oh, hello Dean,\" her mother saidnshouting from the front door. \"I was shopping,\" she declared grinning.n'Check out the new top I got you, it's a baby tee, perfect for the warmnweather.\" \"Oh, thanks Mom,\" Andi said, smiling in Dean's direction. When itncame to shopping, like any other teenage girl, her and her Mom were sadlynpathetic. Her mother couldn't pass up a bargain either. She laughed, andnstarted helping her Mom unload the bags from the car. Dean rose to help,nand started carryin bags in too. A moment along, Geneva pulled Andi aside,n\"Hey I was thinking of throwing a big party.\" \"For what,\" Andi asked,nobviously confused. \"You and your brother, sweet 16!! Aren't you excited?\"n\"Andi grinned, laughing. \"Sounds great Mom. I forgot, I'd be turning 16 inn3 weeks!! Where is Andy?\" \"He's at Jimmy's-something about gear shifts, Indon't know. I still haven't figured out why he can't hang out with friendsnhis own age.\" \"Oh Mom, he does so. He has millions of friends his age-nfriends who know nothing about racing Motocross,\" she laughed. Her mothernsighed, glancing Dean's way as he came through the door, 4 bags piled high.n\"Is that all you kids think about,\" she wondered aloud laughing. Deannwaited till Geneva had gotten upstairs, to burst out laughing. Andi joinednin, not being able to help stare at her gorgeous boyfriend. \"No,\" Dean saidndeviously. \"We think about other things to,\" he said arching his brows,npushing Andi back on to the couch, playfully. They laughed, tickled, andnkissed, making each moment last, always and forever.[Chapter 13] Chapter 13/Hope \"Andi,\" she heard Dean whisper. \"Andi are you awake,\" he asked her softly.n\"Yes,\" she turned to face him. \"Andi? Andi have you ever wanted to…younknow…?\" \"You mean sleep with a guy? I've thought of it yes, only with onenguy though.\" \"Oh?\" Dean looked at Andi hopefully. \"Yes, I've thought of itnDean, but we're not ready. I'm sure you think so, but we're only 15 and 16.nWe have are whole lives to do stuff. Right now, I just wanna concentrate onnloving you, is that ok?\" \"Yes,\" he whispered amazed. \"Yes, it's more thennalright, it's perfect,\" he said. Startling her he pulled her into his arms,nholding her, hugging her with such a need. A need that she'd never seennbefore, a need that scared her even. \"Dean,\" she whispered. \"I love you.\"n\"Me too,\" he sighed, pressing his soft lips, gently against hers, holdingnher in his arms, as if he could never let go. Words didn't need to benspoken. They both knew: they were perfect for each other. No point inndenying it. They were always going to be together. Hormones would rage, andnthey would want more and more of each other, if possible, but they bothnknew in their hearts, nothing could come between them now, not anybody.nAndi waited for Dean to fall asleep, then she walked down the hall to hernbrother's room. She didn't need Dean right now; she had made a peace withnhim. They would wait, wait for everything. Andi knew she had Dean; shenneeded to make sure she had something else. She crawled into her brother'snbed, snuggling into his arms just like when they were kids. He woke andnsmiled, seeing Andi in the croak of his arm. He started to speak, butndecided against it. He just snuggled closer, and sighed, closing his eyesnthinking of their childhood, the fun times they'd had, the love they'dnalways shared. They'd always had a special bond. Andi had always been hisnbest friend, even as they got older, she'd always listened when Dad had himnpressured, or hurt. Even when they'd had their tonsils out at age 7, she'dnbeen the one to tell him to relax, he thought smiling at the memory. All henwished now was that he had a love like Andi. He wasn't the man in her lifennow, she had Dean to love forever, and snuggle with, but he knew still,nhe'd always have his sister, his twin, beside him forever, in birth and innlife and love. He'd find love, someday, soon enough he figured. Thenimportant thing was that he'd always have his sister's love to get himnthrough, through life, and races, love, even death. He knew in years toncome, they'd still have a special bond, like the one they had once again atnthat moment. Dean woke, alone in Andi's bed, confused and freaked. What exactly did wendo last night, he thought to himself. Nothing. Absolutely nothing, henthought relived. Andi was right, he remembered, her words rushing back tonhim. They weren't ready. One day, sure, but not now, not when they hadntheir whole careers to get through. Maybe when they were in college, or innhis senior year, close to then. All he knew was that he loved Andi andnwould never take advantage of her. He'd wait until SHE was ready. When itncame to him and Andi it would always be about her because he didn't neednthe respect that she deserved. He knew that was wrong. To make anrelationship work, people had to work, both had to love, and both had tonrespect and sacrifice. He smiled and left to find Andi. He found her withnAndrew, snuggled under his arm. He almost went to get her but decidednagainst it. No, he thought they need time, we'll have ours. He thought ofnthe birthday party they were planning for the two. There was more to itnthen Geneva had led on. They were having it at the track, Moto, man to man,nwoman to man, whatever. All dedicated to \"The Andi(y)'s the had said. Hey,nmaybe we can have Rene' could stop by, he thought grinning. He could servenfood and slave over Andi. Just like she deserves, he thought laughing,nthinking back to the slime that had hurt thr Carson's, exspecially Andi.nSpeaking of slimes, that hurt Andi, he thought, I have absolutely no roomnto talk. I did the same thing, he thought, shrugging unhappily. Just thennhe heard 2 sets of feet bounding down the stairs, sounding probably exactlynas they had for the past 15 years, or at least since they could walk, henthought laughing. \"Hey,\" they both said to him cheerfully. Andi rubbednsleep from her eyes, coming over to hug and kiss him. \"Sorry I left you,\"nshe said sleepily. 'I was very comfortable, but I decided Andy deserved anlittle time with his fabulous sister,\" she declared grinning, and punchingnAndy in the arm. \"Ow,\" he complained, grinning, his face full of sleep.n\"What's for breakfast,\" Jason asked as he did every morning. \"I don't know.nWhy don't we go find out little man,\" Dean said laughing, scooping Jasonnunder his arm. \"Little,\" Jason yelled from under Dean's arms. Trying tonsquirm his way out out, he shouted, \"Who you calling little?\" They laughednand followed Dean and Jason to the kitchen and dining room, to help preparenbreakfast.[Chapter 14] Chapter 14/Julie \"Dean, what do you think of this bikini,\" Andi asked her boyfriend hinting,nwith a wink. They were sitting on Andi's porch with her brother looking atnmagazines. School had just let out for the summer and her party was comingnup, not to mention her friend Stacy's next weekend. Summer had a longnstretch ahead and she was very enthusiastic. She was just about to ask Deannif she'd look ok in it, when a girl, about her age came running up thenporch steps. Andi glanced at her confused. She started to speak but didn'tnget a chance to, because the girl had run straight up to Dean. Squealingnshe ran up, and through her arms around his neck, hugging him tightly.nStartled Dean stood back, gazing at the girl, confused. \"Oh Dean, it's beennso long!! How are you buddy?\" \"Who-I mean what-I mean,\" he studied her forna moment, and then a light seemed to light up in his head. \"Julie Davis.nWow, it has been awhile! How'd you get here,\" he asked. \"Well my Momndecided we were moving back. Isn't that so great! I called her and she saidnI could find you here. So do you have a girlfriend,\" she asked curiously.n\"Moving back from where? Yes, this is Andi,\" he said giving Andi a littlenpush in Julie's direction. \"Ok, I'm confused,' Andi said annoyed. \"Who isnshe,\" she asked in a rude tone. \"Me and Julie were pals back in the day,\"nDean laughed. \"Best pals,\" Julie said, throwing a rude glare Andi's way.nAndi shrugged, annoyed, and went to sit back down. \"Humph,\" Andy coughednfrom his chair. \"Oh, I'm sorry Andy,\" Julie this is Andrew Carson, Andi'sntwin.\" Julie glanced his way. Their eyes met, and Andy turned away,nblushing. Andy glanced at this new girl, Julie. He studied her, gazing atnher every move. She certainly was a pretty girl. She had chocolate brownnhair, streaked with blonde highlights, to her shoulders, and curled out.nHer eyes were an intense green, sparkling in the sunlight. She had a long,ncurvy body, and smooth olive skin. Her eyes twinkled mischievously as shenglanced at Andy. \"Your brother sure is a stud,\" she said winking in Andi'sndirection. Andy blushed, embarrassed and headed for the house. He thoughtntwice, and walked back over to Julie, bravely. \"Hey, um, how would you feelnabout going to a party with me this weekend? Introduce yourself around anlittle.\" Andi gazed at Andy amazed. Wow, she thought. He really likes her.nShe glanced at Dean out of the corner of her eye. \"Sure,\" Julie saidnflirtatiously. Andi could sense a connection between the to, just as shenhad between her and Dean. They said their goodbyes, and her, Dean, and Andynwent inside. As Andi lay in bed that night, she couldn't help but feel a little jealousnof Julie. She was taking away to the most important men in her life. Well,nnot exactly taking away, but trying to, Andi thought frowning. She didn'tndrift to sleep until 3, and was so tired she slept until 1 in thenafternoon, the next day. She woke up and saw Andy at the breakfast table,nstill in his boxers. \"Just getting up too,\" she asked amazed. \"Yes,\" hensaid grinning sleepily. He's in love, she thought. Already. Maybe love atnfirst sight really does have a meaning. She sighed, and walked over to joinnhim.[Chapter 15] Chapter 15/Crushin'On You \"Andi, hurry up,\" Andy said impatiently. \"Coming,\" she yelled down thenstairs. She did a quick hair and makeup check, and flew down the stairs,nkissing her Mom on the way. Andy had dressed up, in khaki's and a nicenshirt, he looked almost perfect. She smiled, at how nervous he looked.n\"First date jitters,\" she asked him teasingly. \"Shush,\" he almostnwhispered, dragging his hands back and forth. She laughed, and walkednoutside, hearing Dean beep. \"Hi,\" she said climbing in the front seat nextnto him. Andy and Julie squeezed in the back. Julie greeted him cheerfully,nglancing at him approvingly. Dean paused for a moment to lean across thengear stick and give Andi a long, passionate kiss. \"I love you,\" shenwhispered, kissing his ear. \"Me too,\" he whispered back lovingly. Andinglanced back and noticed a flick of jealousy in Julie's eyes. Ha, shenthought. She better treat Andy good, or else, she thought protectively.nDean drove them to the party, pausing to kiss Andi every few minutes; shensmiled, and hugged her legs to her chest. They got to the party exactly onntime, but when she stepped inside she regretted it instantly. LindseynMalone was leaning against the kitchen table, flirting with some guy. Herenit comes, Andi thought glumly. Her and Lindsey had been enemies since then3rd grade. \"Andi, hi,\" she said, sugary. \"I must admit I'm surprised you'renhere.\" \"Why,\" Andi asked annoyed. \"Oh, well I just didn't think you'd beninvited. I figured, Stacy would throw a lame party. So who's your friend,\"nshe asked flirtatiously, gazing in Dean's direction. \"This is my boyfriendnDean. Dean this is Lindsey Malone,\" she murmured. \"Hi Lindsey, nice to meetnyou,\" Dean said smiling widely. Andi glanced at him shocked, as theynstarted in on a major conversation. Are they flirting, she wondered amazed?nShe felt her heart skip a few beats, and tried to avoid crying. She spottednAndy and Julie on the other side of the room dancing. Well at leastnsomebody's having a good time, she thought miserably. She walked over tonthem, tapping Andy on the shoulder. \"Oh, hey sis, you look terrible! What'snwrong where's Dean,\" he asked. \"He's over there-with her,\" she whispered,nalmost in tears. \"Oh no, I see Lindsey's back to her old tricks.\" Julienglanced at them, confused. Andy leaned over and whispered something in hernear. She nodded, a look of anger coming over her face. They headed over,nand watched in awe, as Lindsey slipped her arm around Dean's waist. Deanntried to back away, confused, but Lindsey just got closer, smiling. \"Ohnthat slut,\" Julie yelled angrily. She walked straight up to Lindsey, andnripped her arm off of Dean. \"Excuse me,\" Lindsey yelled annoyed, taking anstep facing Julie. \"What's your problem,\" Lindsey asked annoyed. \"You,\"nJulie said blankly. \" Believe that you are touching someone else'snproperty, slut, and I don't like it,\" she replied, angrily to Lindsey'snface. \"What? Exactly who are you to be telling me what to do,\" she asked,nan attitude coming across her face. \"Oh whoa whoa whoa. Did Andi not tellnyou that Dean was her man?\" \"I must have missed that part,\" Lindseyndeclared, glaring at Julie and Andi, behind her. Julie ran at her, chargingnto punch her. Andy and his sister ran up, and held her back. \"Oh, you luckynthey're here girl! Your lucky you don't have a smashed in face.\" \"I toldnyou I didn't know, now get way from me.\" \"Oh, well now you know,\" Julie,nsaid, stepping away walking straight over to Dean. She glanced at him, ancruel look on her face. \"You may have some explaining to do pal.\" Shenstepped away, and headed towards the car. Andi applauded, glaring at Dean,na hurt look on her face. In the meantime Dean had stood there behindnLindsey, unable to speak. They headed home in complete silence. When theyngo to the Julie's house, Andy got out to walk her to her door, giving Andinand Dean some time alone. 'How could you,\" she whispered, tears pouringndown her cheeks. \"How could you,\" she asked again louder. \"Andi, I…\" \"Younwhat,\" she demanded. \"I thought she was your friend. I was just makingnconversation.\" \"Well you could have said something. All you did was standnthere, and look like an idiot. Dean, you should have stuck up for me.\" Henfrowned, and glanced at Andi. \"Look, we had a long night, let's just talknabout this in the morning.\" Andi nodded and glanced up just in time-tonwitness Andy and Julie, kissing on the front porch.[Chapter 16] Chapter 16/The Accident Julie climbed into the front seat of her mother's jeep. She didn't bothernwith a seatbelt, knowing the quick drive to Andy's wouldn't require muchnspeed. She sighed, thinking of Andy Carson, her wonderful boyfriend. Theynhad been dating for a month now, and she really did love him. Her mothernturned on the radio, the air on full blast, as they cruised through town,nhappily. Her mother started chatting about work, when out of nowhere, antruck came swerving around the corner. Julie heard a scream, as her mothernswerved around the corner. She realized it was her, and that was the lastnthing she thought before it all went black. Andy ran to get the cordless phone. Maybe it's Julie, he thought smiling.nHe picked it up, but the voice on the other line, certainly wasn'tncheerful. \"Hi, this is Linda calling from Southview Medical Center, I'mncalling in regards to Miss. Julie Davis, is this Andrew Carson?\" \"Y-Y-Yes,\"nhe said confused. Oh god, he thought. Oh no, oh lord please, not Julie.n\"Sir, I'm sorry to bother you, but there's been an accident.\" \"Oh?\" \"Yes,napparently Julie and her mother were driving on Route 408 towards yournhouse, when a truck came their way. Miss. Davis swerved to get away, wherenshe hit a tree and was flung 3 feet from the car.\" Oh god, he thoughtnsinking to the kitchen floor. \"Is-is Julie ok,\" he asked shaking. \"She's innsurgery now, she has a broken leg, and some torn ligaments, but mostly justnsome bumps and bruises. After a few weeks of therapy, she'll probably benback on her feet.\" He sighed with relief. \"And Mrs. Davis,\" he asked,npolitely. \"Oh, well sir, she's gone.\" \"They released her?\" \"No, she'sndead.\" \"WHAT,\" he shouted. \"She died instantly of head trauma.\" \"Oh god.nWhen can I come see Julie?\" \"She should be in recovery in about an hour.\"n\"Ok,\" he said shaking. He glanced around. \"Mom,\" he yelled, nervously. Nonreply. I better drive, he thought to himself. He left his mother and sisterna note, saying he'd be at Southview, and to meet him there, and headednoutside. Andi felt the cold air conditioning on her skin, as soon as she steppedninside Southview Medical Center. She shivered, hugging herself, and glancednaround the waiting room. She spotted Andy, sitting in the last row,nshaking, his face pale with worry. \"Andy,\" she cried running to hug hernbrother. \"Andy are you ok,\" she asked him, sighing. \"No, she looksnterrible,\" he whispered. 'Have they broke the news to her yet?\" \"Yes, andnshe's freaking out. They said she's delirious, I say she has a brokennheart,\" he whispered again. \"Well, I think she needs to be alone now Andy,\"n\"Ok, I guess,\" he whispered, as they headed to the car. Andi lay there, in bed, aware of her brother's rapid breathing sownthenhall. She stood up, not thinking twice, and crawled in bed with him,nfrowning. \"Andy, are you ok,\" she whispered. He shook his head no, andnfrowned. Andi noticed a film of tears come across his eyes, and her heartnwent out. She watched him fight back, and blink the tears away, and sighed,nglancing at the floor. She looked up at him again and couldn't help but letnhim know… \"Andy-Andy it's ok to cry you know,\" \"N-N-No it's not,\" henstuttered. \"I'm such and idiot,\" he mumbled. \"No, no your not. Andy let itnout,\" she said, taking him in her arms. \"Oh sis,\" he cried, tears flowingndown his cheeks. \"I know, I know,\" she whispered, stroking his hair, untilnhe was asleep, his sticky, wet face, against her chest. \"It'll be fine,\"nshe mumured. \"It'll be fine.[Chapter 17] Chapter 17/Recovery \"Jules,\" Andy whispered to Julie, sitting next to her. She sat on thenCarson's couch, her foot propped up on a pillow, tears rolling down herncheeks. She showed no other emotion at all, except anger of course. She hadnbeen attending physical therapy, ever since the hospital had released her anweek earlier, and was currently in a foster home. The Richardson's werennice people, but of course Julie was depressed. She didn't feel at homenthere, and missed her mother like crazy. Andy walked over to her, andnpulled her in his arms, kissing her tenderly. \"Jules, it'll be ok,\" henwhispered, stroking her hair. She sighed, and leaned against Andy's long,nhard, torso, rubbing her eyes, mascara dripping down her cheeks. Andy wipedna small black tear from her nose, and lifted her chin to his face. He wipednaway more tears, and kissed her again, more aggressively this time. \"I lovenyou,\" he said. \"And we'll get through this together, baby.\" \"I love yountoo,\" she mumured, appreciatively. Just then Andi and Dean, came boundingndown the stairs. \"We're going out,\" Andi said solemnly. \"Ok, bye,\" hernbrother nodded. Andi threw him a knowing glance, and nodded back, grabbingnDean's arm. \"Alone at last,\" Julie whispered, gladly. \"Alone at last,\" Deannmurmured in between kisses, hugging Andi, in his car. \"Dean, do you thinknthey'll be ok?\" \"Sure, they'll get through it together. I feel so bad fornJulie, I mean she was my best pal, but it'll all work out,\" he saidnreassuringly. Andi smiled, and teased him, running her hands along hisnmouth. He smiled, and shrugged, leaning down to kiss her. \"Love you.\" \"Mentoo.\" They lay back, stroking, rubbing, kissing making the moment last.[Chapter 18] Chapter 18/Worried \"Dean, Dean stop we have to talk,\" Andi whispered giggling as Dean tracednhis fingers across her lips. \"Shh,\" he said shushing her, taking thenopportunity to kiss her hungrily on the lips. \"Dean come on,\" she said in-nbetween his kisses. \"About?\" \"Well I'm worried.\" \"What are you worriednabout baby?\" \"Well Andy.\" \"Why are you mad about Andy? I mean he has Julienand you have me what's there to worry about?\" \"Oh come on, you know as wellnas me that her therapy isn't going as well as the doctors planned.\" \"I knownbut she was just in a terrible accident, not to mention she's lost hernmother. Give her some time Andi, hon.\" \"I know Dean but Andy's so attachednalready and I can't stand to see him get hurt.\" Dean gave her a knowingnlook and glanced at her sarcastically. \"Which couple is it that hasn't leftneach other's sides since they met?\" She laughed, and stroked his hair.n\"True, you have a point, but…\" \"But nothing. Andy deserves to be in loventoo you know.\" \"I know, and I'm happy for him, but…\" \"Andi, you need to letnhim go. He's a big boy to you know.\" \"Ok, ok. Just one more thing.\" \"Yes?\"n\"Do you want to go to the racetrack with me this Sunday? We're throwing anrecovery party for Julie.\" \"Sure, but isn't it a little soon? I mean hernmother just died, do you think she'll want to celebrate?\" \"Probably not,nbut she's needs some cheering up.\" \"Remember I've known Julie all her life-nshe won't hurt your brother.\" \"At least not intentionally,\" Andi muttered,nalmost under her breath. \"Hey,\" Dean yelled hitting her playfully. \"Dean?\"n\"Yes?\" \"Do you ever get, you know jealous?\" Jealous of who?\" \"Andy.\" \"No.nMe and Julie have always had a strictly 'buddy' relationship.\" \"You sure?\"n\"Yep sure as a heart attack.\" \"Ok,\" she whispered, pulling him close tonher, laying her head in his lap. Hours later Andi woke up startled. Her alarm clock read 6:05. Wow we'venbeen out for almost 3 hours, she thought sitting up. Dean lay asleepnsprawled out on her bed. She gazed down at him lovingly not wanting him toneven stir. He looked fabulous, even while sleeping. God he's got it all,nshe thought laughing. Just then Dean sat up rubbing his eyes. \"What time isnit,\" he mumbled tiredly. \"Six. Almost dinnertime.\" \"Ok, wow. How are younBaby? Sleep well?\" \"Yes,\" she laughed teasingly. \"And you?\" she asked. \"Ofncourse my dear,\" he whispered in his fake vampire drawl. \"Alvayz vhen I'mnvith you.\" She laughed, pulling him close. \"Come here stranger,\" shenlaughed tugging at his shirt. They stood up to go downstairs, when henstartled her, twirling her around, his arms on her waist, his lips findingnhers in the darkness. Wow, our lips always meet perfectly, he thoughtnsmiling. She looks beautiful, he thought, watching her bat her longnfluttery eyelashes lovingly. \"Love you.\" \"Me too,\" she said gazing into hisndeep eyes. I could get lost, she thought intensely. They turned to leave,ngrasping hands tightly. From the moment Andi stepped downstairs she immediately sensed somethingnwas wrong. Andy sat on the floor huddled against the wall, his face pale,nhis hand clenching the phone tightly. She stood shocked glancing at thenphone, his knuckles wrapped around it white. \"Andy, Andy what's wrong,\" shenscreamed coming to her senses. \"It's Julie,\" he muttered. \"What about her,\"nDean asked confused. \"She's-she's gone missing.\"[Chapter 19] Chapter 19/Run To You Dean threw a knowing glance at Andi and jogged over to her brother's side.n\"Hey man, why don't you stand up and hand me the phone,\" he said takingncomplete charge. Andy did as told, and followed all Dean's instrutions.nAndi watched from the corner, grateful for Dean's quick thinking. Hours later they sat on the couch in the living room, sipping coffee withnthe Richardsons. \"Do you have any idea where she might have gone,\" Mrs.nRichardson asked, worried. \"No, we're almost sure she would have run tonAndy. \"We'll let you know if she shows up.\" \"Ok, thank you,\" they rose andnset down the cups, frowning. \"Thank you for the coffee,\" Mr. Rischardsonnannounced, a sad, yet distant look on his face. \"Certainly,\" Andi replied,nshooing them away. She left Andy on the couch asleep and followed Dean upnto her room for some privacy. \"Dean what should we do,\" she asked worried.n\"Babe there isn't anything we can do,\" he whispered gently. \"She's rannaway…\" She started to reply, when she was interupted by a loud shriek innthe kitchen. She ran down the stairs, Dean at her heals. Andy stood in thendoorway, Julie's thin frame encased in his arms. He was whisperingncomforting thoughts to her, hugging her tightly, kissing her and lettingnher cry gently on his shoulder. She made out the words \"I love you\" andn\"Shh it's ok\" and sighed walking right up to the embraced couple. \"Julie,nwhat are you doing here? Are you ok?\" \"Yes, I was just so sick and tired ofnthose stupid foster parents, always buying me crap, and trying to take mynMom's place. I bounced asap.\" \"Julie, the Richardson's are greatnpeople…they care about you.\" \"Yes right,\" she said laughing angrily. \"Ifnthey didn't then why would they have sat on my couch for 3 hours crying,\"nshe asked a hint of anger forming I her voice. Dean placed a comfortingnhand on her shoulder, and stepped forward. \"Julie why'd you do it,\" henasked softly. A film of tears, sadness, and maybe even hope flickered innJulie's bright, green, exotic eyes. \"I, I…I don't know,\" she whisperednsadly. She flew back into Andy's arms, as he led her to the safety of theirnliving room couch. Dean and Andi watched from the doorway as he put her tonsleep, soathing her, and patting her back and hair, in a matter of minutes.nShe lay asleep on his lap, her face sticky with tears. \"Andy she can't staynwith us,\" she said knowingly. \"Why not,\" he asked hurt. \"Um, Mom and Deadnfor one.\" He kissed her forehead, seeming to consider this issue. \"It'llnall work out,\" he said determined. Andi nodded, follwing Dean upstairs, butnin her heart she wasn't so sure it would.[Chapter 20] Chapter 20/Talking Andi heard the doorbell ring and headed for the door. \"Coming,\" she yellednhurrying to answer it. \"Kelly! Hi, what's up,\" she asked, opening the doornto see her best friend's, cheerful face. \"Hey girl! I miss you! Thought I'd drop by and see how y'all were doing,\"nKelly added, over-dramatizing the happy-go-lucky image. \"Kel, I'm delighted to see you, but what did you really come for?\" Kelly's face dropped, and she sank onto the couch next to Andi. \"Is itnreally that obvious,\" she asked frowning. \"No, your just my best friend-I can tell what your thinking,\" she laughed,nher face growing serious at the sight of Kelly's painful expression.n\"What's wrong?\" \"Well you remember Mike right?\" \"Um…\" Andi searched her thoughts for a Mike. \"Mike Roberts?\" \"Yes, that's him.\" \" Kind of tall, built, wavy dark hair, always in his face, and amazinglynintense blue eyes,\" she asked, describing the guy the name brought to mind. \"Exactly. A total hunk. Anyways, last week we started chatting at the mall,nand he seemed really, really into me.\" \"Really? Wow that's great Kel, why so down?\" \"Well he asked me out for last Friday night, and I was totally psyched.\" Andi nodded in silent agreement. Mike was pretty hot. He was a mostlynconsidered a jock, but he was a very great basketball player, and girlsnflocked over him. He had a very easygoing look to him, and a lopsided grin.nThe kind that could drive a girl wild. He had been in Andi's English classnlast year, and he was really sensitive and shy when it came to his writing,nbelieve it or not. He had written some great stories. All in all he wasnpretty much your average guy. Cute, nice, sweet, popular, and smart. Shenhappy for her friend, but she wondered what could possibly bother her aboutnMike and her going out. \"Right. What happened?\" \"He didn't show up.\" Andi stared at Kelly, clearly shocked at the statement. \"What? No way! Kel,ndid you call him?\" Kelly nodded, her face unreadable. Andi was trulynshocked. Guys usually loved Kelly. What's not to love? She was smart,npretty, funny, a great friend, sweet, and very flirtatious. \"So what did hensay?\" \"He was in the shower. His Mom said she'd have him call me back. He hasn'tnyet.\" \"Man Kel. Well, I'm sure he'll call soon. You know guys…always late fornsomething…always forgetting. Kelly laughed and smiled. \"Shoot Andi, why can't I have what you and Dean have? You guys areninseparable!\" \"You will Kel. Soon-I promise.\" \"You think so,\" she asked, hope in her eyes. \"Yes. I do,\" Andi said smiling. She hugged her friend and sat back. Later that night Dean called. \"Hey babe. Can I come see you,\" he askednimmediately. She grinned and laughed. \"Of course.\" \"Oh, great. Cya in 10.\" \"Cya soon.\" Dean arrived exactly 10 minutes later, glancing up to see Andi waitingnpatiently on the porch swing. \"Hi sweetie, how are you,\" he asked kissingnher on the forehead, and dropping down next to her. \"Great. You?\" \"I'm good-missed you. How's Andy?\" \"Same here. He's better. Back to his normal self.\" \"That's good. She still here,\" he asked referring to Julie of course. \"Uhuh,\" Andi added obviously not thrilled. \"You sound loving,\" he teased a sexy grin appearing on his face. \"I am-to you,\" she laughed, her lips meeting his. They lay there, gazing upnat the starry sky in each other's arms. \"I love you Dean Talon.\" He laughed, his grin lighting up his whole face. \"And I love you, Miss.nCarson,\" he added, still smiling. \"I'm totally relieved,\" she added playfully. \"Whoo,\" he breathed a fake sigh of relief. She hit him on the armnplayfully. \"Hey, you'll bruise me,\" he added in fake anger. \"Ya your ego,\" she murmured grinning. \"What was that,\" he demanded in fake furry. \"Nothing,\" she said giggling. \"Huh? What was that,\" he asked again, tickling her neck. \"Nothing,\" she blurted out in between yells and laughter. He pushed herngently onto the swing, pausing to lower his face to hers. ~*Please review. I want close to 70 before I update chapter 21!*~[Chapter 21] Chapter 21/ Summer Nights Andi woke up, startled by a noise in the night. It was calm and clear, thennight sky lit with star. She glanced down to find Dean beneath her. Anothernnight asleep in his arms, she though dreamily sighing. She gazed down atnthe beautiful young man in front of her, a smile on her face. He's mine fornnow at least, she thought happily. And I intend to keep it that way…for allntime. She lay back in his arms, cherishing the feel of his warm bodynagainst hers. \"I love you,\" she whispered into the dark night. Dean awoke minutes later, to find Andi fast asleep in his lap. \"Honey?\" Henshook her shoulder and stared down at her. She looked beautiful. He carriednher upstairs to her room, and lay her gently down on the bed. \"Go to sleepnsweetheart,\" he said at her stirring. \"Go to sleep…\" He kissed her eyelids,nand lay beside her, not far from sleep himself. \"Julie,\" Andy whispered. \"Julie, Honey I brought you toast and cereal. \"Thanks,\" she murmured. Still not accustomed to eating in the middle of thennight, she groaned and sat up. \"Sweetie are you ok?\" \"Yes Andy,\" she replied irritably. \"What's wrong,\" he asked concerned. \"Nothing,\" she sighed gazing at him. Their eyes met and she sank onto hisnbed. \"Everything,\" she said her eyes sad. \"Oh baby, tell me about it. \"I'm just missing my other a lot and even missing the Richardson's. I feelnbad for doing this to them.\" \"Oh Jules, you really should go back. This isn't a good lifestyle. My angelndeserves better,\" he said smiling sadly. \"Oh Andy, they're not the only ones I miss.\" \"Huh? Who else,\" he wondered aloud. \"I miss…\" she took a deep breath. Here it goes Julie, she said to herself.n\"I miss you.\" \"Me? But I'm right here,\" he said confused. \"No Andy. You may be here in physical shape, but your state of mind is farnaway. You've been distant towards me for weeks.\" \"Jules, I'm not distant. Just scared. And confused.\" \"Confused? About what? Us?\" \"No no, not us, about everything. Maybe just life…love…ok maybe a littlenbit about us,\" he admitted. \"You mean you don't want to be with me anymore,\" she asked hurt. \"No, I want to be with you, I love you. It's just…it's not right for us tonsee each other like this so soon.\" \"Huh?\" \"Man Jules, I'm wanting you all the time,\" he said blushing. She laughed and smiled, her gorgeous white pearls lighting up the room. Tonhim her laughter was like music. He gazed longingly at her long neck. Thenneck he wanted to graze with his cheek so badly. His gaze fell to the softnglobes of her breasts and her laughing green eyes. Her soft hair and curvynfigure…she was perfect. His girl. He stood up and put his arms around her,nin their own world, their lips met, and they lay back, on the bed, heartsnbeating. \"Andy we shouldn't…\" \"Shh…\" he shushed her and removed his shirt, lying on her chest to listennto her beating heart. He brought his lips to her neck and kissed his waynback to her lips, a warm glow spreading through the room. A/N I realize that Andy sort of plays the sweet and innocent guy, but himnand Julie have been through a lot. Andi and Dean's relationship isnmore…cuddling and hugging lol. Also, I want 85 reviews peeps![Chapter 22] Chapter 22/ Deeper Then Ever Andy woke up, a stream of daylight hitting the windows. Julie lay asleep innhis arms, wearing on her bathrobe. They were wrapped up in sheets. Henthought for a moment confused. Then it hit him. He was no longer a virgin.nHim and Julie had gone all the way last night. He sighed, partly withnrelief, and partly with nerves. He thought back to the night, the feel ofnher arms around him, their naked bodies wrapped together. She was so sweet.nHis forever girl. It wasn't like now he was going to expect sex all thentime; in fact he decided him and Julie needed to have a talk. \"Jules?nJules, Honey, wake up.\" \"Huh?\" She groaned and sat up. Seeing Andy lying there next to her in hisnboxers, she smiled and gave him a quick kiss. \"Morning. Sleep well,\" shenteased. He laughed and kiss her forehead. \"Good Morning Sunshine. No, in fact Indidn't seem to get much sleep,\" he laughed, teasing back. \"I thought maybenwe should talk…about last night.\" She frowned. \"You don't regret last night do you? You were my first younknow.\" \"No, no. I just wanted to talk about it. Jules, we can't be doing that allnthe time. We have time trust me. Oh, and you were my first as well,\" henlaughed, knowing he didn't sound like your average guy. \"I know,\" Julie replied smiling. \"But every now and then on a cold nightnwhen we're alone in our beds, it'll be the perfect trick to warm us up,\"nshe laughed. \"Julie it's summer,\" he said, grinning. \"Well, when it's hot then, who cares,\" she replied, her face glowing.n\"It'll be more romantic if we don't do it as often anyways,\" she added. \"Yes, and besides, I don't know if I can fit you into my schedule thatnoften,\" he said, trying to remain serious, his brow arched. She laughed, her smile lighting up her whole face. \"Haha very funny,\" shensaid, punching him lightly on the arm. He drew her near, pulling her lips to his, holding her close, beneath thensheets. \"Andi? Wake up Honey.\" \"Dean? Where am I,\" she sat up confused. He laughed. \"Your at home. We slept straight through the night.\" She grinned. \"Yes, I remember you carried me upstairs. Thanks baby.\" \"Anytime. Oh and guess what?\" \"Huh?\" \"I scored us 2 front row seats to the N*Sync concert, he said smilingnproudly. \"What? Oh my god no way!! How…I mean when…I mean…oh I love you,\" she saidnexcitedly, throwing her arms around his neck. She kissed him fully on thenlips. \"I'm just paying off old debts,\" he said laughing, kissing her back. Just then the phone rang, interrupting their N*Sync moment. \"Hello? Kelly?nHi.\" \"Hey girl. Guess what?\" \"What?\" \"He called me last night.\" \"Who?\" Kelly laughed. \"Some friend you are. Mike.\" \"Oh yeah! Sorry Kel,\" she laughed. \"It's cool. Anyways, are you going to ask me what happened?\" Andi laughed. \"What happened?\" \"Well,\" she gushed excitedly. \"He asked me out! He said he was so sorrynabout the stand-up. His Mom caught him sneaking out and he was confined tonhis room. Poor guy. Anyways, do you think you and Dean could double datenwith us?\" \"Um…sure, what night,\" she asked, mouthing the words to Dean. He nodded,nsmiling, and rolling his eyes at the girl talk. \"Next Friday.\" \"Oh man, I can't Kel. Dean got front row seats to go see N*Sync!\" \"Oh wow. Well go ahead girl. Maybe some other time.\" \"How about Saturday?\" \"No, Mike can't. Well have fun. Let me know how it goes.\" \"Sorry Kel. Call me and tell me all about it.\" \"Ok, really, it's no problem,\" she said unconvincingly, sounding hurt. \"You sure,\" Andi asked worried. \"Yeah, I'm cool. Talk to ya later.\" \"Bye.\" \"Bye.\" Andi sank to the ground, head in her hands. She might just be losing hernbest friend all over again. Dean came over behind her, rubbing her neck. Henput his arms around her and she sank down in them, letting the new stressnload sink in. ~Decided not to wait for 85 reviews, but I definitely want em' now guys!nLol.~[Chapter 23] A/N: Hey guys! Thanks so much for the great reviews. Steph/Lauren/Jo younguys are great friends! Thanks! Catherine, thanks for the suggestions, Inhad something like that in mind. Maybe finishing soon and making a sequel.nMH-AC-PL, thanks so much! People like you, Andrea, Azur, Alana, andnNicole(Pixie Hardy) make writing fun. To everyone I missed-thanks as well! Chapter 23/The Concert \"Andi almost ready,\" Dean asked outside of Andi's door. \"Ya, I'm coming babe,\" she called back excitedly. \"Great, I'll be packing up the car.\" \"Ok!\" Andi smiled, picking up her N*Sync t-shirt. She couldn't wait to see N*Syncndo Pop Oddessy live. She brush out her blonde hair, now cascading down hernback in soft waves. She walked over to the mirror and applied lip-gloss andnblush. She smiled slightly, imagining Justin Timberlake reaching down tontake her hand and pull her onstage. She picked up her brush again, andndipped her head, pulling her long hair into a wild ponytail. She added hernsilver hoop earrings, and took a sec to glance in the mirror, determined tonlook good, not for Justin, but for Dean. \"Hey baby, you look great,\" Dean said, eyeing Andi up and down as shenhopped in the front seat. \"As do you. What's up? Miss me?\" \"Most certainly,\" Dean said laughing as they headed towards the theater. It was an outdoor theater, but being that they had front row seats, theynwere covered by the overhead tent. It was a good thing, because about 5nminutes into the opening band it started to drizzle. When N*Sync finallyncame out, Andi got one fabulous glimpse of Justin, before it started tondownpour. 15 minutes later, into Girlfriend, with a surprise guestnappearance from Nelly, it stared thundering, and by the 7th song there wasnlightning and hail. The wind blew like crazy, knocking the amps out andncausing total paranoia. Andi grabbed Dean's arm as he led her towards thencar. Once safe inside, Dean brushed his soaking wet clothes off. Andinsmiled. Through his wet shirt she could see his muscles rippling across hisnstomach. She climbed into the backseat and grabbed her bag, glad for thenextra set of clothes she had brought. She wasn't even upset about thenconcert. Just knowing she had a whole night left with Dean was enough tonmake her smile. She looked up at him shyly. He glanced in the reviewnmirror, smiled blushing, and turned his head, signaling for her to change.nShe quickly peeled her wet t-shirt off, and through on her replacement. Shenyanked off her shorts, slipped into her swishy exercise ones, and grabbednher brush. She brushed out her hair, smiling at the thought of how she mustnlook. She climbed into the front seat, still smiling as she caught a glancenin the review mirror. Dean shrank in his seat. This wasn't good. He turned his head while Andinchanged, completely ashamed. Here he had brought her for a night of fun,nand instead she got to be trapped in his car, soaked and cold. He starednoutside, watching the raging storm grow worse. He knew it wasn't his faultnthat the storm approached, but he still felt bad. Like he had to make it upnto her somehow. \"Hey Andi?\" \"What sweetie?\" \"I'm so sorry-I never meant for this to happen.\" \"Oh Dean it's not your fault. Thank you so much for bringing me.\" \"Well I was thinking-you know there's the annual beginner's race at thenMoto track in Chicago this year right?\" \"Ya of course! It's the talk of the table.\" \"Well, I was wondering…don't you think it'd be fun to drive there? See thenkids compete?\" \"Yes, but Dean I don't think my dad's going to agree with that…my mom won'tnbe crazy about it either.\" \"How come?\" She rolled her eyes. He could be so cute. \"We'd have to stay the night.\" \"So we've done it before.\" \"Well…true…without adult supervision.\" \"Yes, but they trust me-they'll let you go.\" \"Maybe,\" Andi said thoughtfully. Dean shrugged, kissed her forehead, and climbed to the backseat to changenas well. \"Julie? Wake up hon.\" \"Andy?\" Julie groaned and sat up in bed. \"No God. C'mon eat.\" He sat the tray down in front of her, settling besidenher, watching her eat. \"Quit it, you know I hate it when you watch me eat,\" she snapped, annoyed. \"Sorry. Guess someone's testy this morning,\" he laughed, stroking her hair. \"Ya, well I've been deep in thought,\" she replied, smiling slightly. \"Really? How so?\" \"Well, Honey you've been great to me through all of this-mynMom…everything.\" Andy nodded. \"The thing is I think it's time for me to move back with the Richardson's.nI don't think I've been very fair to them in all of this, and I'm sorry tonleave but-…\" She didn't get to finish. She was cut off, by Andy's firm, yet soft lipsnagainst hers. \"I'm so proud of you Jules. I knew you'd come around. She smiled, and ran her finger over his lips, causing him to tremblenslightly. \"I love you Sweetheart. Thank you. Thank you for being there fornme at every moment, every tear,\" she took a deep breath, tears filling herneyes, threatning to spill at any moment. \"I love you too. Welcome. It was my pleasure.\" He took her hand, rufflednher hair and smiled.[Chapter 24] Chapter 24/Here With You \"I know Mom. Yes, I know. I'll be careful. Ok. Alright. Love you too. Bye.\"nAndi rolled her eyes as she hung up with her mother. At least she's lettingnme go, she thought happily. Dean come up beside her and put his arm aroundnher. \"So can we go,\" he asked hopefully. \"Yes! My Mom said we could as long as we sleep in separate beds,\" shenlaughed rolling her eyes. \"I can still hold you right,\" he said, so cute that Andi had to laughnagain. \"Ya I don't think there's a rule against that.\" He took her in his arms and kissed her softly. \"Good because I don't thinknI could handle that.\" They got a room with Dean's emergency cash and settled down. Dean andnAndi's parents both wired them $1000. Everything seemed alright. That nightnseemed like heaven. Andi fell asleep in Dean's arms to the soft sounds ofnher favorite radio station and Dean's soft breathing. The next morning theynwent to the nearest mall and bought a week's worth clothes. They hit thenroad soon enough and drove all day, reaching Chicago by night. At 10:00nthey finally settled in another hotel in a Chicago suburb. Andi was sonexhausted and she couldn't begin to imagine how tired Dean must be fromndriving all day, so they skipped dinner and fell straight to sleep. Andinwoke in the middle of the night, sweat on her forehead. It wasnexcruciatingly hot and uncomfortable. She went to the restroom and flickednon the cold water, slipping in to take a cool shower. She realized shenforgot to lock it, but shrugged it off and washed her hair. Moments laternshe heard footsteps in the hall and soft mumbling. She laughed lightly asnshe stepped out and wrapped the towel around her. She walked into the roomnto see Dean, pacing in his boxers. She laughed and grabbed her clothes. Itnwas 6 so they could stay up. She turned to get dressed when Dean grabbednher arm. He pulled her close and drew her in for a kiss. He softly slippednthe towel off, causing Andi to squirm in nervous anticipation. \"Dean Indon't think we should…\" He stepped back, staring at her curvy body.n\"Sweetie I know. I want to wait to, it's just that your so…beautiful,\" henwhispered the last word and blushed, embarrassed. Andi slipped back in thenbathroom, slipped quickly into her clothes, and ran more water over hernhair, sweat rolling off her brows. Dean sat on the bed, fully dressed now. He stood up and grabbed a cup ofncoffee. He sighed and sank back down, closing his eyes. Now why did I donthat, he wondered to himself. I wanna wait just as much as Andi. But henknew why. Seeing Andi there in the tiny hotel towel…his heart had leaped.nShe'd look so cute standing there, half naked and drenched. He laughed andnlay back on the bed. They'd just have to be more careful now. \"Andy,\" Julie whispered over the phone. Why's she calling so early, henthought grumpily. They hadn't spoken since the day before when she hadnmoved out. \"Andy I'm scared…\" \"Why,\" he grumbled, half asleep. \"I'm…I mean I think I might be…\" \"What,\" he wondered out loud. She took a deep breath. \"I think I might be pregnant.\" \"What!?!?!?!\" Now that had definitely gotten his attention. It was everynguy's nightmare. I have to imagine what Julie must be going through, henthought, freaking out. He ran over to the bathroom, afraid he'd be sick. Julie sat on the bathroom floor crying, phone still in her hand. Her andnAndy had hung up a few minutes ago. She sobbed, her head pounding, millionsnof thoughts running through her head. What will I do? Where will I go? Hownwill I tell the Richardson's? What would Mom think? How will I raise it?nWill I raise it? Will I give it up for adoption? There were so manynquestions. The most important one: What would Andy do? She was prettynpositive he'd stand by her, but you never could be to sure. Guys these daysncouldn't take surprise or responsibility. It's just that Andy didn't seemnlike that, she thought. She fell across the toilet, her stomach lurching atnall the thoughts. She finished the gruesome job and wiped her mouth on hernsleeve, not caring how nasty it was. She washed her hands and face, andnswallowed water, aware of footsteps in the hall. \"Julie? Sweetheart are younok?\" Mrs. Richardson's voice came softly through the door, full of concern.nJulie opened the door and smiled slightly. \"No I think I may have caught something,\" she said weakly, grabbing hernstomach. \"Oh Honey…well how about you go lay down and I'll bring you some soup.\" \"Ok,\" she said meekly. She felt terrible. She knew the truth. She was sicknabout the thought of 1 word…mother. She shivered and popped a movie in,nclimbing into bed. She ate her soup and snuggled under the covers. She wasnslightly aware of Mrs. Richardson, coming in and out to check on her,nsitting by her bedside reading, changing cool clothes on her head. Itnreminded her of painful memories of her mother. Her mother always made anbig deal when she was sick. Mother, she thought. I might be one soon. Shenremember her own mother and how she used to tuck Julie under the covers andnsing to her every night, even when Julie was too old for it. Now she can'tndo that anymore, she thought glumly. She's dead. She woke up fully, tearsnstreaming down. She sat up, holding her head in her hands. Mrs. Richardsonnwalked over and put her arms around her, feeling much sympathy. \"Shh,\" she soothed. \"Shh it's ok. I know, I know. She patted Julie on thenback, reassuringly. But she didn't know. Grief and overwhelm suddenly hitnJulie, hard and fat. She needed to know. She stood up, dressing quickly.nShe explained to Mrs. Richardson that she needed some fresh air, and she'dnbe back in an hour. Mrs. Richardson looked up skeptically, but nodded hernoff, cynical. Julie hurried to the nearest teen clinic. Anything free,nfast, safe, and correct, she thought solemnly. She stopped, parked the car,nand hurried in. They took her name, and she whispered her reason,nembarrassed. The doctor took her in, a nice, younger, woman, fully certified. She askednJulie questions like when was the last time she'd had sexual contact andnabout her menstruation and such. Then she ran the test and left to go testnthe results. Julie sat in the robe, cold and shivering on the cold metalntable. The doctor returned. \"Ok Ma'am we'll have those results in in a fewndays. You just leave your home number and we'll give you a call,\" she saidnsmiling. Julie frowned. She couldn't let the Richardson's know, they'dnthink she was nothing but a no-good, pain in the butt, slutty tramp.nBesides, they'd been so kind to her, she'd hate to let them down again. Shensighed and carefully wrote the number on the sheet of paper. 547-8762…thenCarson's home phone. \"Ms. Davis?\" \"No this is Mrs. Carson, Julie's not here right now,\" Geneva repliednquizically. \"Oh, well can you please give the phone to Mr. Andrew Carson,\" the kindnnurse asked her. \"Um sure…hold on…Andy,\" she yelled up the stairs. What was this all about,nshe wondered. \"Got it,\" he yelled back down. He shivered, his teeth chattering. He'dnnever been so nervous in his life. Would it be true? If so, would it be anboy/girl? Would him and Julie get married? Would they keep the baby? Hownwould they support it if so? He pushed his scary thoughts and questionsnaside and picked up the phone. \"Hello,\" he cleared his throat and sat down,ngripping the side of the bed for support. \"Mr. Andrew Carson?\" \"Yes.\" Julie had pre-warned that they would be calling within 3-5 days. Henstill wasn't ready. \"The results are in Sir.\" He concentrated on reading her voice for a hint of some ssort but there wasnnone so he sat back and listened. \"And? Is she…is she pregnant?\" A/N: Haha I left a cliffie! Lol cliffhanger alert! Lol well hope you likednit! I'll update 25 once I have like 93 reviews. Wow this was my longestnchapter yet![Chapter 25] Chapter 25/Mistake \"She's pregnant.\" Andy sunk to the floor, the phone dropping from his hand.nNot him. Not this. Not now. His life was ruined. Completely ruined. \"Sir?nSir are you there sir?\" He picked up the phone, still in complete shock. \"Yes, I'm here. I'm sorrynbut I have to go,\" he said loudly. \"I understand Sir,\" she replied sympathetically. \"Goodbye.\" \"Goodbye.\" He hung up the phone and immediately picked it back up and called Julie.n\"Jules? Hi, um I'm coming over.\" \"What? You can't I'm having dinner. Is everything ok?\" \"No everything isn't ok, we're pregnant Julie! I mean your pregnant, Inmean…oh I don't know what I mean!\" \"Oh. My. God. I'll be over in 2 minutes.\" Julie hung up the phone and sanknonto her bed, tears streaming down her face. She picked up the keys andnhurried to Andy's house. She stopped the car halfway, painful memories ofnher mother in her head. She got to Andy's house 15 minutes later. She rannto him, throwing herself into his arms. \"Oh Andy…I…I'm so sorry I didnthis.\" \"Oh Julie baby you didn't do it WE did it. After all this baby is halfnmine. Don't blame yourself sweetie.\" She looked up, her cheeks sticky with tears. \"You mean you're not mad?\" Andy looked at her quizzically. \"Why would I be mad? Honey, we're in thisntogether.\" \"Oh Andy I'm so scared.\" She felt his strong arms around her, as they sanknonto the wet porch. \"Let's not freak out now. What are we going to do? I think we should gondown to the adoption agency and see what options we have. I mean there's nonway we can keep this baby.\" \"Yes I know,\" she replied, tears streaming down her neck. \"I'm just glad Indon't have to abort. I'd be a mess about that.\" \"Yes I know. Why don't we go inside and make an appointment? I hate to tellnmy parents and Jason, but what really upsets me is Andi. I don't know hownshe'll take it.\" \"Andy she loves you. She'll forgive and forget.\" \"I guess,\" he replied, not so sure. \"At least you have someone to tell,\" she replied quietly. \"Oh Honey…\" Andy gave her shoulder a squeeze and wiped her tears. Theynstood up and headed into the house. After making an appointment for the next day, they headed to the livingnroom to break the news to the Carson's…not a good thing. \"Mom,\" Andy said, clearing his throat. \"Yes?\" \"Julie's…I mean we're…we're…\" \"Pregnant,\" Julie finished for him. Mrs. Carson stared in shock. \"Oh my…Andy, I think Julie better go home,\"nshe said, eyeing Mr. Carson's office. \"Mom me and Julie did this together and I think we should face it together.nI'm just so sorry…we made an appointment for the adoption agency. We bothnalready know we can't keep this baby.\" Geneva nodded approvingly, still in shock herself. She signaled that she'dnbe right back, and headed towards her husband's office. They heard yellingnand what sounded like glass breaking. Julie let out a sob, and Andy wincednand grabbed her hand. Minutes later, a much calmer Mr. Carson came out ofnhis office, Geneva trailing behind. He walked up to his son, and put hisnarms around them both, tears appearing at his cheeks. \"Son I know you twonhave made a mistake, and I'm not going to lecture you-the shock should benenough. I just want to let you know…I'm proud, in a way, that you know youncan't keep this baby. At 16 a baby wouldn't work.\" \"I know Dad,\" he said shaking his head. Julie headed home and fell asleep,nknowing her problems were full-fledged. The next day Julie, Andy, Mrs. Carson, Mr. Carson, Andi, (who had headednhome the minute she heard) Mrs. Richardson, and Mr. Richardson, all filedninto the small office. They listened as the agent ramble on and on about anplan that sounded good. They could find a couple that was willing to takenthe boy/girl and raise it, and in the meantime, let Andy and Julie keep inntouch with it. They signed the forms and agreed, happy to have finallyndecided. \"I can't believe them,\" Andi told Dean, laying her head in his lap. \"Shh Inknow. They made a mistake-one we almost made. Just please, calm down. It'llnall turn out ok.\" And it did. As the months passed, Julie got heavier, Andy got more hopeful,nand Andi and Dean made an even closer bond. Before they knew it, 8 monthsnhad passed, and Julie was near her due date. She was actually happy, yetnscared about her nearing labor. The couples were also happy about thenschool year almost being over. Summer, fall, and winter, had flew by andneverybody was in touch with their emotions. As they neared the next summer,nthey all felt more and more anxious for the day when Julie would go intonlabor. \"Andy,\" Andi whispered, walking into her brother's room. \"Andy I justnwanted to say…sorry. For being angry with you and Julie…I know now that younguys made a mistake. It happens to everybody. I just wanted to let you knownthat I support your decision.\" She turned to leave the dark room, when anhand caught her arm. Andy stood there in the dark, tears in his eyes. \"Thank you. Thank you for finally forgiving me…I thought you'd be madnforever.\" They hugged, and headed towards his bed, happy to be made up. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ A/N: OK I know this chapter sucked really badly, but I didn't want to dragnout all 9 months. I'm going to end this story, probably around chapter 30,nbut if I get enough emails (hosergirl2u@yahoo.com) lol then I'll make ansequel. Lol well I hope it wasn't that terrible. Chapter 26 should be upnsoon, thanks![Chapter 26] A/N: I really appreciate every reader's kind words and reviews. You guysnmake the writing worthwhile. Also, I'm not sure whether I agree with myndecision on hurrying Julie's pregnancy, because it hurried Andi and Dean asnwell. I hope my decision was good. I promise I'll make up for all thenhurried months. Also: PLEASE(begging) check out my new story When OppositesnAttract, an original, and if you have time To Sing A Song and Leaving Home,nboth originals as well…oh and watch Motocrossed, its on May 14th!! Lolnthanks, enjoy reading! Chapter 26/Baby? \"Julie, Honey how far apart are the contractions?\" Andy sat beside Julie,nlying on a stretcher, being wheeled into ER. \"I don't know…5 m-m-minutes,\" she stuttered; sweat pouring off of hernforehead. \"Oh Hon, I hate to see you in so much pain…is there anything I can do fornyou,\" Andy asked, wiping her brow with a wet cloth. 'No, I'll b-be all riiiight,\" she gasped, between painful stings. Thendoctor walked into the ER and took a look, examining her and the babyninside. Moments later a look of pity came over his face. Andy knew thennthat whatever it was, it wasn't good news. The Richardson's and Carson'snstood beside the couple, gripping hands nervously. \"Ma'am, I'm sorry, but…the baby didn't make it.\" \"WHAT?\" Julie gasped, taking in sharp breaths of air. \"N-no that can't benpossible…it was fine…I was fine!\" \"Yes I know Miss, but the baby didn't seem to get enough oxygen…it's gone.\" \"B-b-but how can you be so sure,\" she asked, her face wet with sweaty,nsalty tears. \"I just am Miss. The baby isn't moving…it's not breathing. I'm so verynsorry.\" \"What happens now,\" Andy asked from the corner, speaking up for the firstntime. \"She'll have to deliver the baby.\" \"What!\" Andy stood stunned, nearby the two elder couples, sobbing besidenJulie. \"She'll have to deliver it as normal…there's no other way.\" Julie sobbed and grabbed Andy's other hand, unable to believe herncircumstances. \"Miss this baby's coming-now.\" \"O-o-ok. I'm ready.\" She took a deep breath and pushed with all her might. \"Dean!! Dean stop,\" Andi shrieked, as he playfully pulled her shouldersnonto the ground beside him. \"Stop what,\" he asked innocently. \"The funs just begun Miz Carson,\" henadded laughing, pulling her up out of the dirt. \"So buster are you ready to lose the biggest race of your life,\" Andi askednhim fiercely. \"Haha right. No I'm ready to win it.\" \"Yeah well, we'll see,\" she said winking. She climbed onto her bike andnpumped the pedal, speeding past a dust-covered Dean. \"No way,\" Dean laughed, and hurried to catch up, finally pulling up besidenher. They flew around the track; laughing and racing, lap after lap. \"Dean it's been so long since we raced! I forgot how much fun it could be,\"nAndi said happily, tugging off her helmet. \"Yeah I know. Especially since I beat you,\" he laughed again. \"Hey,\" she said, punching his arm. \"Only by ½ a lap.\" \"But, I still won,\" he replied again. \"Yeah well winning isn't everything! Ever hear that lover-boy,\" she asked,na teasing smile on her lips. \"Umm…\" Dean shrugged, pretending to ponder the subject in deep thought.n\"Nope.\" Andi laughed and hopped off her bike, pulling Dean in for a victory kiss. \"So is that my present for winning,\" he asked smiling. \"Nope this is your present for winning,\" she replied, dipping him back intona long, excruciatingly breathless kiss. \"Eww gross! I'm gonna call this one a record. ANDI AND DEAN, BREAK RECORDnFOR GOING AT IT IN PUBLIC,\" Jason yelled appearing upon the scene. \"I cannsee the headlines now.\" Andi laughed and smacked him playfully on the behind as he chased Deannaround the track. She heard her cell phone ring and hurried to answer it,nthe voice on the other line threatening. Dean walked over and overheard thenshrill voices. \"What do you mean it's gone? She had to deliver it that way? Oh my god…poornJulie…poor Andy! We'll be there in an hour or so…as fast as we can. Yes,nbut Mom,\" she paused, her hand shaking, almost dropping the phone. \"Ok. Allnright. Love you. Later. Bye.\" Andi closed her cell phone case and flew into Dean's arms, sobbing. \"Andi,nhoney what's wrong,\" he asked, pulling her back. \"It's Julie and Andy. Their baby, it's…\" \"It's what sweetheart,\" he asked again, rubbing her cheek. \"It's…dead,\" she whispered, shuddering at the thought. \"You mean she had to…deliver it dead,\" he asked. \"Yes,\" she whispered, a pained look on her face. \"Oh no. We better get to the hospital now,\" he said, gathering up therenthings and throwing them to a silent Jason. \"No, Mom said she wants us to just go home. She said we'd be no helpnthere.\" \"Ok, well I guess all we can do is wait for Andy to come home,\" he said,nhalf dragging, half carrying Andi to the car. They rode home in silence, ansurprise greeting them in the driveway. The car Geneva and Mr. Carson hadngotten for the twins for their 16th birthday was in the lot. Andy wasnalready home. Andi gave Dean a look and he nodded, grabbing Jason, and mummuringnsomething about a walk. Andi hurried up the steps to his room and found himnsitting alone on his bed, half asleep. \"Andy,\" she said softly, stepping beside him, placing her hand on hisnshoulder. \"Huh,\" he asked her, not looking up. \"Come here.\" \"Why?\" \"You've been the strong guy long enough. You deserve to let it out.\" She pulled him close, and let him lay in her arms, as the tears eventuallyncame, and overwhelming supply of sticky, wet tears pouring out as he sobbednon his sister's stomach. They fell asleep together, both dreaming of whennthe nightmare would finally end. A/N: Ok, I know you guys hate me for killing the baby, but it didn't seemnright to have them give it up. You'll see what I have in store…everythingnwill work out for Julie and Andy. Also, I'm probably ending this on then30th or 35th chapter so if you think I should make a sequel (I'm dying to!nLol) then please email me at hosergirl2u@yahoo.com. Thanks, I'll updatensoon at like 115 reviews or so.[Chapter 27] A/N: I just wanted to thank Missy for the WONDERFUL review that madenwriting this chapter and all the future one's worth it…and to Racetrack,nI'm sorry you feel that way but I guess there's always a flamer. Thanksnguys! Chapter 27/Family Values \"Andrew, Andrea, come down for breakfast,\" Mrs. Carson yelled up thenstairs, waking Andi and her brother from their peaceful sleep. Andi smilednat Andy, still half asleep. They got up and ran downstairs, Andy behind hisnsister. \"Hey guys. Morning,\" Mrs. Carson said cheerfully. \"Hi Mom,\" Andi said, gazing at her brother's sleepy, dull eyes. \"Andy, Honey Julie called…it's urgent.\" Andy made a leap for the phone, dashing past his mother and sister, rubbingnhis eyes. Andi looked curiously at her mom and picked up her orange juice. \"What wasnall that about?\" Geneva shrugged and glanced at Andy, watching at the pained expression onnhis face as he whispered to Julie over the phone. \"I don't know but itndoesn't look good. C'mon let's eat in here.\" She motioned towards thenliving room and her and Andi headed there to the couch. \"Mom?\" \"Hmm?\" \"I was thinking…maybe me and Dean could go on another vacation? I mean wenwere fine in New York and stuff…I just thought it would be a fresh startnfor our relationship this year. It would give Andy some time too,\" shenadded, pleading hopefully. Mrs. Carson frowned and looked at the coffee table. \"Where exactly did younplan on going?\" Andi shrugged and sighed. \"Well I haven't really talked to Dean about itnyet…I was thinking Ocean City. For a week.\" \"Sounds nice…maybe we could all go. Give Andy a break, you and Dean yournown room, and me and your dad some time alone…I think it just may work.nI'll talk it over with your father. Let ya know before dinner.\" \"Thanks Mom you're the best!\" Mrs. Carson laughed. \"You too Honey.\" She was about to pull Andi into anquick hug when Andy came bursting into the room. \"Julie's leaving!!!\" \"What!?!\" Andi and her mother asked at the same time, alarmed. \"She's moving. To Farlon,\" he said breathlessly, speaking of a busy city,ntwo hours away. \"Oh Honey…\" Mrs. Carson walked over to her son, putting her arms aroundnhim. Andi sat, shocked, upset for her brother. \"Why,\" she finally asked, looking in her lap. \"The Richardson's decided she needed a get away. From…from…\" \"From you,\" Andi replied softly. \"Yeah,\" he nodded, a sad look in his faraway eyes. \"Mom we can't let thisnhappen…\" \"Honey I'm afraid there's nothing we can d-…\" \"Mom you have to let her move in.\" \"Do,\" Mrs. Carson finished, glancing at Andy. \"I'm afraid we can't do thatnSweetheart.\" \"But Mom you have to! I'll die without her! I love her…\" he said, tearsnwelling up in his eyes. \"I know Sweetie and I'm sure she loves you too, but the truth is thenRichardson's are right. She does need a break, and you do too.\" \"But Mom we need to get through this together.\" \"No, you can be together, but you need to forgive yourselves first.\" \"You did this didn't you! You and Dad-you told them to leave! I hate you! Inhate you all!\" Andy turned and ran to his room, leaving a stunned mothernbehind. \"Andy!\" She yelled his way, an angry look on her face. \"Andrew you-…\" \"Let him go Mom,\" Andi replied, her eyes dull. \"He doesn't care about usnanymore.\" She turned and walked to her room, to dress and head out the doornto see Dean. Andy sat later in the day, picking apart the food his mother had leftnoutside his door for lunch. He felt so confused. Mixed up about Julie,nupset about his parents, but mostly sorry and depressed about Andi. Thenlook on her face when he'd said he hated them all…he just couldn't shakenit. Sure he loved his parents, but him and his twin had always had anspecial bond…like they knew each other's feelings so well and all. Whennhe's through his tantrum and said that, he hadn't thought about hisnsister's reaction. The hurt, pain, dissapointment, and sad dullnessnimmediately shadowing her eyes at his words were practically unbearable. Henknew right away he had to do something about it. A/N: Thanks for reading this far, and try and think about a sequel. Alsonemail me if you have any comments or anything. Hosergirl2u@yahoo.com[Chapter 28] Chapter 28/Hurt Andi sat with Dean at his house, a grim expression on her face. She wasntrying to relax but Andy's words just kept ringing in her head. \"I hatenyou! I hate you all!\" It hurt her so badly…it was one thing to lose anfriend, after all she hadn't spoken to Kelly in weeks, it was even worse tonlose your brother, Jason was annoying sure, but she'd hate to lose him, butnit was practically unbearable to lose your twin…her and Andy had known eachnsince the day they were both born, two minutes apart 16 years ago. Therenwas no way that bond could break that easily, yet it was. Just by two quicknseconds her whole relationship with her twin brother had practicallyndissolved, just like that. With the few harsh words he could create anlifetime of them and separation. It was almost deathly to think of lifenwithout Andy…besides Dean he was all she had now. She couldn't imagine notnhaving him to talk to and him comfort her when she's down. Who else wouldnhug her and let her sleep in their arms with a comforting word? Dean. Yesnhe could, she loved him more then anything but her and him just didn't haventhe special bond made when 2 twins are born. They came into the worldntogether and chances were one day they'd die together, at around the samentime, and there was no way she could let it all go away. It hurt too much.nSo later she'd have to go talk to him, but right now they both needed tonmend. She could imagine where he was coming from with Julie and all, hecknif Dean was leaving after their baby'd just died, even if he was just plainnout leaving she'd probably do the same thing. It was reaction. Right now itnwas all still sinking it. She needed to be with Dean now. Gee somebodynneeded to be there to comfort her…she needed some sort of protection, somensort of shield, some sort of brick wall blocking her from the painful wordsnpeople could so easily break her with. She lay back against her boyfriendnfeeling the so close warmth of his soft skin. The roughness of his new Aeronsweater brushed against her arms. He pulled her closer, rubbing her back,nsoothing away some of the pain that the new constant headache was causing.nShe could smell the sweetness of his Gravity cologne, intoxicating her. Thenattraction in the air was so thick…he brought her lips to his; pulling herncloser until they were almost one…she needed to feel that, she wanted to.nShe grabbed his neck and pulled him down on her, the intense sounds ofnSerendipity, one of their romantic favorites, echoing in the back of thenroom. A heat comes over them, breaking their concentration. \"Dean?\" \"What sweetie?\" \"I love you. I love you so much. I hope you know that.\" \"I do sweetheart, and so do I. In fact, that's why I've decided…when Ingraduate I'm not going away to college.\" \"Dean! Yes you are, there's no way I'm going to mess with your future…younhave to much in front of you!\" \"Andi I love you and I couldn't stand being away from you for an entirenyear. Plus, there's plenty of willing guys wondering around this town…yeahnright, like I'm goin let my girl be with somebody else,\" he said smiling. \"Dean there's a lot of willing chicks in college too, worse in fact, causenwhen I say willing I mean they'll go home with anybody!\" Dean laughed and shook his head. \"Do you think for one second those broadsncould lure me to them? Ha!\" Andi rolled her eyes. \"Fine you win, but promise you'll take classes at thenjunior college until I graduate?\" \"I promise. Plus, the new Moto season's coming up and I plan on us racing anlot more this year. Now that I've been with y'all for 2 years I'm morenreconized.\" \"Cool. Oh and by the way, what makes you so sure of yourself?\" \"Huh?\" \"That I wouldn't give in to those guys? Ha, you wouldn't know!\" Shw inkednand kissed him hard on the lips. \"Oh and by the way…my Mom's taking us tonOcean City for a week. We haven't made the exact plans yet but do you wannancome?\" \"Awesome! You serious?\" \"As a heartbeat.\" \"Oh slick! Of course I'll come…will we get our own room,\" he asked, andevilish grin on his face. \"Of course, but don't get your hopes up lover-boy.\" She smiled, and walkednout the front door to hear Andy's apology and call Kelly.[Chapter 29] Chapter 29/Forgivness \"Andi?\" Andy knocked on his twin's door, his face puffy and swollen. Henstumbled back as the door opened quickly, and saw his sister standingnthere, phone in her hand. \"Hehe I know! Hold up Kel ok?\" \"Hey bro,\" shensaid, sort of softly. \"Hey, um, erm well, can we talk,\" he asked awkwardly, frowning down at thenfloor. Andi put the phone back to her ear as she turned her back to her brother.n\"Hey, Kel? Can I call you back? Ok, all right. Ok. Yes. Okay bye.\" Shenmotioned towards her brother as she hung up the phone and they made theirnway to her queen sized bed. \"Listen Andi I'm sorry. I never meant to-I mean I was upset about Julie and-nit's just that I love you so much and I.\" \"Shh,\" Andi cut him off, pulling him nearer, letting his head drop on hernshoulder. He started crying softly on her shirt, gripping the back of thencloth and sniffling, trying to somewhat disguise his sobs. \"Shh, hey, hey,\"nShe said, hugging him. \"It'll be ok, look maybe Julie can convince hernparents to let her stay.\" Andy drew his head up, a flicker of hope lighting up his eyes. \"You reallynthink she can?\" \"Yes, together you can both convince them. And I'll try my best to help younget along ok. Now first we need to get you and Mom speaking again. It'snnever good to fight with the rents.\" He laughed and smacked the side of her cheek. \"What's with u woman alwaysngiving orders.\" \"Oh us woman! HA! You better watch out mister, cause this 'woman' can whoopnyou and you know it!\" She grabbed him and smacked his head playfully andnthey laughed together, Andy wiping his tears. Just then Jason walked in, opening his mouth to ask Andi something when henpaused and glanced up. \"Whoa are we having a total emotional moment here ornam I dreaming? Cause if my older brothers crying then I'm about to call thenFederal Witness Protection Program and find us a new location cause.waitndid u guys switch places again cause if you did mom's gonna.\" \"JASON!!!\" They both yelled, laughing his way. \"Do you have something in your eye,\" Jason asked. They both lunged at him, pulling him down and tickling him, laughing as hengigged and whooped for help. A/N: Yo guys! I know it's been forever and I'm SORRY! But I need to hurrynand get a longer chapter out soon! I'm thinking at about Chapter 35 I'mngoing to end it and make a Motocrossed 3, any suggestions on a name for it?nWell anybody open for new ideas for the next one or anything else email me!nHosergirl2u@yahoo.com ","Summary":" Motocrossed: Just in Case You Haven't Seen The Movie, It's AWESOME!! Disney put it out last year. A"}]