[{"Movie":"Last Song, 2010","Title":"Veronica ronnie miller and Will Blakelee Story","Author":"twlightbella","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12256048","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Veronica \" Ronnie\" Miller and William Blakelee Story So Veronica or \"Ronnie\" Miller and her brother Jonah Miller go to spend the summer with their dad Steve Miller and then August her dad fell and had blood on his face and he said he had to go to the hospital and then he tells Ronnie that he has stomach cancer and then her dad dies in December and then she see's Will's parents Tom and Susan Blakelee and they tell her someone's here to see you and Will was there to see her. Then she goes to New York and is practicing in Juilliard and she turns around and Will is right behind her and asks if she could go on a date with her that weekend and said he was transferring to Colombia, New York and she might be going to Juilliard and Will would be going to Colombia and then they would go dates and go to Wrightsville Beach and go back to the bungalow her dad was staying at and was his house now and so they go up into the house . Then Will asks Veronica to close her eyes and so then she has her eyes closed and so then Will gets something out of his pocket and then gets down on one knee and he tells Veronica to open her eyes and he says I have to tell you something and so he says to her Veronica Miller will you marry me and she says yes and he puts the ring on her left ring finger and then he tells her that they are going to live in the bungalow and that they are the owners of the house. So he and Veronica go to his parent's house and tell them that they are engaged and are going to get married and they want Daniel and Megan there and Galadriel Conway and Kim and her husband Brian and Jonah to be at the wedding too and Galadriel's mom Mrs. Conway and also Scott there so in June of that summer the wedding is here . Veronica is getting ready and Will's Mom and Veronica's mom are helping her get her wedding dress on and Galadriel is the maid of honor and then they put the veil on her head and the garter on her leg and then her engagement ring is on the right hand ring finger then Pastor Harris and William are standing under the tent . Then Kim and Jonah and Veronica's stepdad sit on the other side of the front row and Will's mom is sitting on the other side with Megan and Daniel and Scott is standing next to Will and Veronica is at the top of the veranda stairs and Will's dad was with her and bringing her down the aisle and then she is at the tent now and she takes Will's hand and Will's dad goes to sit down and then Pastor Harris says something and then William and Veronica say their vows and exchange rings and are pronounced husband and wife and then kiss. Then Will get's the garter off of Veronica's leg and Scott catch's it and Galadriel catches the flowers and so then Veronica and William cut the cake and they have their first dance. They kiss and they go back to the Bungalow then go to sleep and then in the morning after the wedding they go on a walk on the beach and kiss each other and go fishing and they both get jobs at the aquarium and watched over Loghead sea turtles and then they go back to the bungalow and get dinner then go sit on the porch and watch the sunset and waves and then they kiss each other. Then William picks Veronica up and carries her to the bedroom and then they sleep together and then one day Veronica wakes up and goes to the bathroom and throws up and then takes a shower and gets dressed and goes back to the bedroom and she kisses William and then Will see's her and asks what's wrong and she says she threw up and didn't feel very well so Will goes to get the thermometer and takes her temperature and he says she has a fever and so he calls the doctor. So he takes her to the hospital and they do and ultrasound and tell her she is pregnant with a baby girl and so then the doctor gets Will and asks him to come in the room and says your wife has something to tell you and Veronica tells him and he kisses her and is so happy and he is going to be a dad and she is going to be a mom and they are done with collage and starting a life together now with the baby coming. Will calls his parents to tell them they are going to be grandparents and he tells them Veronica is pregnant with a baby girl then Veronica calls her mom and stepdad and Jonah and tells them they going to grandparents and Jonah is going to be an uncle and now is 19 and then Will and Veronica call Megan and Daniel and tell them they are going to be an aunt and an uncle so then they say congratulations on the baby and then they go back to the bungalow to get the babies room ready and then Veronica asks her mom to ship the piano back to the bungalow and so the piano arrives and is put in the living room and then the babies room is ready . Veronica is pregnant for 9 months and then it's been six months and then seven then eight and now nine months and then Veronica wakes up and gets out of bed and goes to the bathroom and screams her water broke and Will gets up and goes to the bathroom and she says my water just broke and so he calls 911 and an ambulance comes and they go the hospital and then Veronica goes into labor and has contractions and pushes and pushes and pushes and pushes and then the baby comes out and they name her Ashley Michelle Blakelee. Then Will's parents come to see their new granddaughter and the doctors cut the umbilical cord and then put her in a blanket and then the doctor hands her to Veronica and Will is right next to her holding her hand and then Will's mom Susan asks if she can hold baby Ashley and so Veronica gives her to Susan to hold and then she kisses her on her forehead and then she gives her back to Veronica and Will now is holding their daughter and then Will's parents leave. Galadriel and Scott come to see Veronica's and Will's baby girl and they say congratulations and then Scott and Galadriel tell Veronica and Will that he and Galadriel are dating and then they leave Will gets a call and it's Pastor Harris and wants to come see the baby and so then Pastor Harris comes to see the baby and then leaves and then Will's phone rings again and Will answers his phone and he says hello and he hears Veronica's mom Kim's voice and she said she and Brian and Jonah are in the airport and want Will to come get them but he said he has to stay with Veronica and the baby and so then he puts Kim on hold and calls Pastor Harris and tells him to pick up Kim and Brian and Jonah at the airport and bring them to the hospital and so then he calls back Kim and says Pastor Harris is coming to pick you guys up and so then he says bye. Then in 2 hours Veronica's Mom and stepdad and her brother are there to see Ashley and Veronica and then Veronica's mom asks if she could hold her granddaughter and so Veronica gives baby Ashley to her mom and she holds the baby while Veronica is asleep and so then she sleeps for a little while and Veronica's mom is feeding Ashley her bottle and then Veronica wakes up and she sees her baby daughter with smiles and then Veronica's mom gives her back to Veronica and then Kim and Brian and Jonah go to the bungalow to sleep and stay while Veronica and William and Ashley are in the hospital and it's been two weeks and then Veronica and William and baby Ashley come home and put her in her crib and she sleeps and then Will and Veronica kiss each other and then kiss their daughter on her forehead and then they go out to the living room and sit with Jonah and Kim and Brian . Then Scott and Galadriel come over and then they say to Kim and Brian and Jonah and Will and Veronica that he and Galadriel are engaged and are going to get married and so they congratulate them on their engagement and then Veronica hears Ashley cry then so she goes and gets her and brings her out into the living room and gives her to her daddy Will and Veronica and Will are sitting right next to each other and watching Ashley be held by Veronica's brother Jonah and then he gives her to Kim to hold and goes out on to the porch and watch's the waves and then Kim gives Ashley to Veronica to hold and Will and Veronica smile at their daughter and then Kim and Brian and Jonah spend the night at their hotel .Will and Veronica say goodnight to Kim and Brian and Jonah and then they have dinner and feed Ashley and then put her in her crib and she falls asleep and then Will and Veronica go out to the porch and watch the sunset and then they go back into the house to go to the room and get ready for bed and then Veronica and William go to sleep and then it's the middle of the night . Ashley wakes up and starts crying and so Will get's up and brings her in their bedroom and Veronica wakes up and says what time is it and Will says 1:00 in the morning and says Ashley started to cry and so he says to Veronica can you feed her so she nurses her and then she falls back asleep between William and Veronica and then Will kisses Veronica and then kisses Ashley on the forehead and then Veronica is asleep again and then Will falls asleep again then it's been 8 years and Ashley is now eight . Then Will and Veronica and Ashley and Kim and Brian and Jonah and his wife Cassie and daughter Amy go to Galadriel's and Scott's wedding and it's at Will's parents house and Megan and Daniel are their and Megan is pregnant with a girl and boy. Then Galadriel and Scott say their vows and exchange rings and then kiss and are pronounced husband and wife and then they cut the cake and Will's other friend catches the garter and Veronica's other friend catches the flowers and then they have their first dance then they have dinner. Then Will and Veronica talk to Jonah and Cassie and Ashley is playing with her cousin Amy and so then Will and Veronica congratulate Galadriel and Scott and they go and find Ashley and Will and Veronica say goodbye to Susan and Tom and Kim and Brian and Jonah and Cassie and Amy and Megan and Daniel and then they drive home to the bungalow and then Veronica gets Ashley ready for bed and puts her to sleep and so then Ashley is asleep and then Veronica kisses her on the forehead and then goes out to the living room and Will is sitting on the couch and so she goes and kisses him and then they go to the bedroom and get ready for bed and sleep together and then Veronica and Will are still sleeping. Then Will get's up and goes to the bathroom and takes a shower and gets dressed and then he goes to get Ashley up and then Will gets Ashley some breakfast and then he goes to the bedroom and brings Veronica breakfast in bed and she kisses him and says thank you and so then she eats her breakfast and then Will brings it back into the kitchen and Veronica gets up and goes to the bathroom and takes a shower and gets dressed and then she sees Ashley and then she hugs her. So she and Ashley go out into the living room and Ashley sits on the chair and reads her book and then she watches TV and then Will and Veronica go on the beach and walk to the pier and back and kiss each other and then Veronica and William go to the bungalow and Ashley has fallen asleep on the couch and so then Veronica wakes her up and says did you have a nice nap and she says yes and so then they play a game and then they have dinner and then they sit Ashley down on the couch and they say Ashley we have something to tell you and so they say mommy is pregnant with a baby boy and that she is going to be a big sister and so then it's been two weeks . Megan and Daniel call and say that Amanda and Sam are healthy and says that they want Veronica and Will to go to the hospital to see them and then Amanda and Sam and so they see the kids and Tom and Susan are there and Will and Veronica say congratulations and then they tell Megan and Daniel and Tom and Susan that they are expecting another child and it's a boy and then they call Galadriel and Scott and baby Emily and tell them they are expecting another child and it's a boy and then they call Kim and Brian to tell them also Jonah and Cassie and Amy to tell them that Veronica is pregnant with a baby boy this time. Then Veronica is now seven months pregnant then eight and then nine then Veronica's water broke and she goes into labor and has contractions and pushes and pushes and then baby Jack William Blakelee is born so they use William as his middle name after his fathers name and then Will brings Ashley to see her new little brother Jack and then she smiles and then Megan and Daniel and Sam and Amanda come to see baby Jack , then Will's parents and Veronica's mom and stepdad and Jonah and Cassie and Amy come and then Megan and Daniel leave and Sam and Amanda also, then Jonah and Cassie and Amy leave and then Galadriel and Scott come with Emily who is now 5 and then they leave. Pastor Harris comes and sees Jack then he leaves and then Will's parents are still their and ask Will and Veronica if they can take Ashley back to their place to stay while you guys are in the hospital and so they say sure and then Veronica kisses Ashley and hugs her and then Will kisses her and hugs her and so then Ashley and Susan and Tom leave . Then Will is holding Jack while Veronica is taking a nap then Veronica wakes up from her nap and Jack is feed his bottle and then they sleep and Jack is right next to them and then it's been four days and so they leave the hospital and go to pick up Ashley from Will's parents house and bring her home to the bungalow and Jack is sleeping in his car seat and so then they take him out of his car seat and bring him in the house and put him in his crib and then wakes up from his nap and starts crying. So Will gets him and brings him to Veronica to nurse him and then he's hungry and so Veronica gives him something to eat and then they all have dinner and then they watch a movie and then they tell Ashley to get ready for bed and so Ashley gets her PJ'S on and Will tucks her in and says goodnight and then kisses her on the forehead . Then Veronica puts Jack in his crib and Jack goes to sleep and then he wakes up in the morning and Veronica feeds him and then he goes back to sleep and then in the morning Veronica sleeps in a little bit and then she gets up and Will is already up and so is Ashley and Will is holding Jack in his arms. Veronica goes to the bathroom and takes a shower and gets dressed for work and then Ashley goes to see her grandparents and Jack goes to and so Will and Veronica drop them off at Grandpa and Grandma Blakelee's house and then Will and Veronica go to the aquarium and work and put on wet suits and then they get lunch and then their shift is done at 3:00 in the afternoon. So then they go get the kids at Grandpa and Grandma Blakelee's house and Susan and Tom say they were good and that Jack went down for a nap after he ate and then Veronica goes and picks him up and carries him out to the car and puts him in his Car seat and then they say goodbye to Grandpa and Grandma Blakelee and then they drive home and then they go walk on the beach and then watch the sunset from their porch and then eat dinner and they go to bed. Jack sleeps through the night and Ashley is turning nine and so Will wakes up and goes to the bathroom and takes a shower and then gets dressed and then Veronica gets up and goes to the bathroom and takes a shower and gets dressed and then they go to say happy birthday to Ashley and then they have breakfast and then Pastor Harris shows up with Kim and Veronica's stepdad Brian , Jonah and Cassie and Amy who is seven, Scott and Galadriel and Emily who is five, then Megan and Daniel and their kids Amanda who is seven and Sam who is seven also . They have a big birthday party for Ashley at Susan and Tom's house or Grandpa and Grandma's house . Then Ashley blows out her candles and then open's her presents and then they eat cake and ice cream and Veronica is holding Jack and then Galadriel and Scott talk to Veronica and Will and say they're expecting another child and so then Will and Veronica congratulate them and then that Emily will be and older sister and that Galadriel is five months pregnant then next month will be six months pregnant then seven then eight then nine months pregnant . Then Scott and Galadriel and Emily leave and go home and then Megan and Daniel come over with the kids in their hands and Jack is being held by Susan Will's mom and then Veronica and Will say hi to Megan and Daniel and Amanda and Sam and then Megan and Daniel and Amanda and Sam leave. Then Cassie and Jonah and Amy leave and then Veronica's mom and stepdad Brian leave. Then Tom and Susan say happy birthday to Ashley and then all of Ashley's presents are in the trunk and so then Jack is put in his car seat and then Will and Veronica and Ashley say goodnight and then get in their car and go back home to the bungalow and then they get home and they get Jack out of his car seat and bring him in the house and put him in his crib and he falls asleep. Then Veronica and William give Ashley another birthday present and it's a kitten and so she hugs her mom and dad and then she names her kitten Lily and so then Ashley gets ready for bed and she goes to bed and her kitten is sleeping next to her on her bed and then Veronica and Will kiss their daughter goodnight. Then its been like 10 years and Ashley is now 18 and Jack is now 14 and then Ashley goes on a date with this guy named Ben. Ben and Ashley kiss and Ben brings her home and Jack is sleeping and Veronica and Will are still up and so they asked how the date went and she says I got my first kiss tonight and so Veronica and Will hug their daughter and then Ashley gets ready for bed and goes to sleep and her kitten is asleep and then Veronica and William go to bed . Then Ashley turns 20 and is in collage and Jack is in 8th grade now and going to be 15 and then Ashley is still dating Ben and then they go on vacation and go to Florida and Ben goes with them and then Ben and Ashley kiss and then they come back and Jack is almost done with 8th grade and then its May and then June and Jack is done with 8th grade and Ashley is done with her first year of collage and then Ashley and Ben go for a walk on the beach and then Ben asks Ashley to keep walking . Then Ben catches up with Ashley and then he tells her to close her eyes and so she does and then he tells her to open her eyes and he is on one knee and he says Ashley Blakelee will you marry me and she says yes and then he puts the ring on her finger and then Ashley runs back to the bungalow and she yells mom and dad and brother so then Will and Veronica and Jack all come into the living room and say why are you yelling . Then Ben comes in the door and then Ashley holds up her left hand and Veronica and Will and Jack see the ring on her ring finger and so Ben and Ashley tell her parents their engaged and are getting married next year after she turns 21 and so then they hug their daughter and going to be son-in-law Ben and so then Will and Veronica and Jack go to Will's parents house and Ashley and Ben follow them and Megan and Daniel and Amanda and Sam are there and Galadriel and Scott and Emily and their baby boy Matthew are there. So Will and Veronica and Jack keep quiet while Ashley and Ben tell her grandparents and her aunt and uncle and her cousins Amanda and Sam and her parents friends and their daughter Emily and baby Matthew that she and Ben are engaged and are going to get married and so they say congratulations and then they turn to Veronica and William and Jack and say congratulations on a daughter getting married and Jack's sister getting married. Then Will and Veronica talk to Ben and Ben asks her parents if he has permission and their blessing to marry their daughter and they say yes and Ashley is in her second year of collage and is engaged and then it's Christmas vacation and they stay home and have Christmas at her grandparents house Tom and Susan Blakelee and Will gets a phone call and says hello and so then Veronica's mom says to Will can you pick up us at the airport and so then says yes and then he kisses Veronica and he tells her he is going to pick up her mom and stepdad Brian , Jonah and Cassie and Amy at the airport and then he gets to the airport and sees them and then they have their luggage and then Will puts it in the trunk and they get to Will's parents house and Will parks the van and then they get out . Will sees Ashley and Ben and tells them to come over here and then Ben and Ashley tell Kim and Brian and Jonah and Cassie and Amy their engaged and are getting married in the spring during spring break and now its been three months and then here's April and its spring vacation it's the rehearsal dinner and then the wedding is tomorrow. Then Ashley is getting ready and Susan Will's mom and Veronica Ashley's mom and Kim Veronica's mom and Cassie and Blaze and Megan are helping and one of Ashley friends is the maid of honor and that is Isabella or Bella and then Cassie, Megan, Blaze are bridesmaids and Daniel, Scott and Jonah are groomsman and Ben's friend is the best man and his name is Nathan and then the flower girls are Amy and Amanda and the miniature bride and groom are Emily and Sam and then Veronica and Kim and Brian and Susan and Tom and Baby Matthew is on Susan's lap so then Ben's parents are sitting on the other side of the aisle and his sister Sarah and then the wedding is about to began . Ben is standing under the tent and here comes Isabella and Nathan and Scott and Galadriel and Cassie and Jonah and Megan and Daniel and Amanda and Amy and Emily and Sam . Then Will is with Ashley at the top of the veranda and then they walk down the aisle and Will and Ashley come to Ben and then Ben takes Ashley's hands and then Will goes to sit next to Veronica then Pastor Harris does the ceremony and then Ben and Ashley say their vows and then exchange rings and then Pastor Harris pronounces them as husband and wife then they kiss and then they go to the reception and then cut the cake and feed it to each other. Then Ben gets the garter off of Ashley's ankle and throws it to Nathan and Ashley throws her flowers at Isabella and then Ben and Ashley have their first dance and then they eat dinner and they all say congratulations to Ben and Ashley. Then Brian, Kim, Jonah, Cassie and Amy all leave to go to their hotel and then Pastor Harris leaves and goes back to his house and then Galadriel and Scott and Emily and baby Matthew leave and then Ben and Ashley say goodnight to everyone who is left and leave to go to hotel. Then Veronica and Will and Jack say goodnight to Will's parents , Megan , Daniel , Amanda and Sam. Then Will, Veronica, and Jack all leave to back to the bungalow and then they get ready for bed and go to bed and then Will and Veronica kiss and then fall asleep and it's the next day. Jack is already up and had breakfast and then he looks at the calendar and realizes it's his parents anniversary today and so he makes breakfast for them and brings them breakfast in bed and so they say thank you Jack and eat their breakfast. Then Jack comes back and takes the tray back into the kitchen to wash it . Then Will says happy anniversary to Veronica and then kisses her and then Will gets up and goes to the bathroom and takes a shower and gets dressed and then Veronica gets up and takes a shower and gets dressed and then it's been two years. Ben and Ashley have a daughter named Michelle and then Jack is now 21 and engaged to this girl Kim and then they get married and have a reception and cut the cake and have a first dance and then go on their honeymoon and then they have twins a boy and a girl named Chase and Terri and then they all live happily ever after The End. ","Summary":" Veronica \" Ronnie\" Miller and William Blakelee Story So Veronica or \"Ronnie\" Miller and her bro"},{"Movie":"Last Song, 2010","Title":"This One's For You","Author":"PeachyKeen13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7157286","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This One's For You Disclaimer: I don't own The Last Song A/N; I hope you enjoy...I made up the song:) WARNING: This might upset you if you've lost a parent. Ronnie looked down at the sheet of paper sitting on her desk, and smiled through her tears. She was so proud of what she'd accomplished. She had the words written; now, it was time to put it to music. Ronnie cracked her knuckles, and put her hair in a ponytail. She sighed, before saying, \"This one's for you, Daddy.\" Mmm...yeah. We didn't always see eye to eye And we didn't always agree on what was right. But that could never stop love. I'll always be here, whenever you need me and I know you're listening when I pray. But why couldn't God just let you stay? Stay? You taught me how to ride my bike and How to judge wrong and right and I wouldn't be here today without your love And I know your love still reaches me From above You were always there, even when you weren't at all You always caught me, whenever I would fall Yeah, yeah. You'd never let me be alone, no, never alone Even though now you can't pick up the phone When I need to call you You taught me how to read and write How to judge wrong and right And I wouldn't be where I am today Without your love And can your love still reach me from above? Listen to me when I talk to you I've been feeling so sad and blue I wish that you were here today Why couldn't God let you stay? You taught me how to forgive And you taught me how to live I wouldn't stand here today Proud and happy and ready to pray You gave me all you had and more I couldn't live without your love. Daddy I know you're where you belong above. But I can still feel your love. Ronnie was still crying as she let the final notes of her song trail off. She knew that her dad had heard his song. And she felt an overwhelming sense of pride. She was her daddy's girl. I know, it was sad! I hope you liked and decide to review:) ~PeachyKeen13 ","Summary":" This One's For You Disclaimer: I don't own The Last Song A/N; I hope you enjoy...I made up the song"},{"Movie":"Last Song, 2010","Title":"I wish","Author":"secretparadise.mine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10356028","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is something totally random. . . I need to know the dos and how's to publish a story, a chapter... While this is NOT a story, it's a poem of my own. Let's see... this was written about, 3 years back? I'm sorry but this is an amateur's work. Hahaha. Truthfully, I never understand the formats of a poem. :P I woke up in the morning, Still feeling blue though the night was spent crying, The rhythm of an eagle's wings soaring in the sky, The sweet melodious tune of the birds welcoming the morning cheerfully, Those beautiful sounds greets my ear gently, As I remember how to smile… The first few things I can sense, Was the minty smell of the dewdrops, Mingled with the alluring scent of wild jasmines, The calming scents put my heart at ease, How I wish I can always remain like this… Closing my eyes, basking in the sunlight, I let my hand run freely, Feeling the rough texture of the tree barks, The unique softness of the delicate moss, Unconsciously I sighed contently, Praying this peace will last eternity… As I opened my eyes, I can see the white fluffy clouds drifted across the blue sky, While taking steps moving forward, I realised I can see the gentle waves rolled endlessly, Without fail towards the sparkling beach, The sea breeze kissed me lovingly, Leaving its salty taste lingered around me… These enchanted moments are priceless and exquisite, No one and nothing can take it away from me, Cause from the way my eyes see it, It's the nature's approach to ignite the delight in my heart. P/s: I know this is trash. Hahaha please don't mind me. :3 ","Summary":" A/N: This is something totally random. . . I need to know the dos and how's to publish a story, a c"},{"Movie":"Last Song, 2010","Title":"Imposible Love True Story!","Author":"Reylene","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8367023","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Okay this story might be sad happy or idk really its how ever you guys want to see it. Its going to be a little hard to write because this is a real true story and im not gonna say whos life it is and im going to put like names you might be familiar too like Reylene again okay so u wont get confused its not a john cena daughter story. This story its about a 20 yrs old girl who has a terrible experience with life and love and well its very heartbroke really its about an imposible love and for some of u might think its stupid on how she fell in love with this guy but whatever right. This storry will be up soon okay hope u guys enjoy it and leave a lot comments! :D :D COMING SOON! ","Summary":" Okay this story might be sad happy or idk really its how ever you guys want to see it. Its going to"},{"Movie":"Last Song, 2010","Title":"ronnie and wills first kiss","Author":"iamdifferent","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6946966","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I guess you could say love had its weird way of finding you in this world. Me for instance had no idea how Edward came into my life. If it was fate of destiny or ...blood lust. Edward was a vampire. And i was not and in love with him. ","Summary":" I guess you could say love had its weird way of finding you in this world. Me for instance had no i"},{"Movie":"Last Song, 2010","Title":"Julliard","Author":"Wolfishthoughts","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8102326","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey all! Guess who? So very sorry for not updating sooner, I know a lot of you are very un-happy with the progress I've made in my 'of reading' story... any who I have the flu and was watching the beautiful Liam in the last song and came upon the scene where Ronnie is ridiculed for not going anywhere for college, it's just not right! She's going to Julliard and she should be proud of it! On to the story ! Julliard Ronnie glanced at the grand piano sitting in the room, appearing to be very unused, one last time before following Will into his house; if you could call it a house. Maybe I should tell him... ... \"It's a family tradition; both my parents went to college, at Vanderbilt\" She paused, adjusting her posture. \"Tom and I actually met there, didn't we Tom?\" A small 'mhmmm' was all she got in response from her husband. \"And now our William will go there as well\" she finished, running a disapproving eye over Ronnie. Almost in the same instant said girl turned a raised eyebrow to her slightly annoyed looking boyfriend. Well doesn't she think she's high and mighty; if only she knew where I was accepted... Ronnie couldn't help but compare her un-auditioned acceptance to Julliard to this women's obvious pride of going to what in Ronnie's opinion was a lesser school. Will's mother new question interrupted her train of thought. \"Where will you be going Ronnie?\" his mother asked. Staring at Ronnie over her glass of wine analyzing her with a unsatisfied air. \"I'm not going anywhere...\" just because I accepted doesn't mean I'm going... who knows... Ronnie glanced shyly over at Will. I might change my mind. Will's mother stared at Ronnie with distaste; swallowing her wine with obvious disgust concerning the situation. \"I mean... I don't really have anything planned for me\" Lie , she told herself. \"I haven't figured out the whole college thing yet...\" Will's mother rolled her eyes, almost as if she had expected this sort of answer from Ronnie. Anger flared in Ronnie; this... this women expected no less and Ronnie had just proven her right all because her anger towards her father. How could someone be so cruel? And so obvious about it? The father just made another 'humph' sound and continued eating. She had obviously made herself not look good enough for these blue bloods. Ronnie paused in her thoughts, what was the real reason she wasn't going to Julliard, she had more than enough talent... Her father; that's why... but things were changing. She recalled the sorrow in her father's eyes when they argued, when she blew him off and... When she flat out rejected to even hear the music of the piano in their home. Things were changing though... not even an hour ago she had been staring at that lone grand piano with a wistful expression, longing to play it. Yes... I'm going to attend Julliard. She finally decided; a small smile gracing her face. Ronnie looked up at Will's mothers face, determined to prove herself. Will's father, Tom, looked as if he was about to speak, so Ronnie steeled herself and began to speak before she lost her nerve. \"Um, Actually I have been accepted to couple colleges\" ok slight lie, only accepted to one. Will's mothers head jerked up quickly a sceptical look on her face. \"Oh... really?\" she said, the scepticism evident in her voice. Will raised his eyes from his plate to look at Ronnie surprise colouring his bright blue eyes. Ronnie took a deep breath, smiled, and stared defiantly back at his mother. \"Yes, I've been accepted to...\" Deep breath... \"Julliard.\" Ronnie mentally prepared herself for their reactions. Will appeared very shocked, and slightly hurt. I wish I didn't tell him this way. Will's father looked slightly surprised before morphing into a warm smile. Will's mother looked... shell shocked. There was no other word for it. \"R-R-Really\" his mother stammered in surprise; as if she were trying to convince herself she heard wrong. Didn't see that coming did you? Not good enough my ass. Let's see how she takes the next part... \"Ya... apparently the school had been watching me since I was a child; I didn't even have to audition... they had me signed up since I played the piano when I was twelve\" Ronnie says, trying to sound confident but not... cocky; that was one word for it. \"Well...\" Tom said speaking for the first time. \"We must see this, do you mind playing for us Ronnie?\" he asked politely, the warm smile still gracing his features. \"Of... Of course not\" Ronnie smiled hesitantly. As Tom moved to stand Will's mother interrupted sharply. \"What now? This is hardly the time; it would be completely to leave the table during a meal!\" she almost shrieked the last part. \"Well than it's a good thing it's just us, nobody will ever know.\" Ronnie could have sworn that it was amusement colouring his voice. Tom stood and practically dragged his wife away from the table and started to walk towards the room which contained the piano. As Ronnie stood she felt Will's eyes burning a hole into her back. She turned and saw the slightly hurt expression in his eyes. \"Ronnie, why... why didn't you...\" he started to say quietly. Ronnie just held his hand with her own and gave him a small guilty smile. \"I'm sorry\" she whispered, grasping his and as they slowly moved throughout his home. \"I just wasn't ready to deal with it... and then your mothers... well it just set me off.\" She said quietly watching her feet. \"Hey... it's alright.\" He said smiling, holding a door for her. Only then did she realise they were there. She stood and looked at the piano in shock. It was beautiful. Will's mother took her pause differently. \"Are you sure you want to show us your Skill ?\" she said as if she doubted Ronnie's abilities. Both Will and Tom shot her a look that temporarily quietened her. Ronnie however ignored and slowly approached the piano whilst removing a elastic from her wrist to pull her hair back with. She sat on the bench and breathed deeply for a moment, before realizing that Will had pulled up a chair next to the piano and was watching her with a reassuring smile. Ronnie stretched her fingers, slightly nervous, and began to play. (AN/: imagine the song she plays for will in the original of this scene) And it felt amazing! It felt like she had never stopped; Ronnie just closed her eyes and let herself be captured by the familiarity of the music, a small smile gracing her appearance. As the song came to a close Ronnie opened her eyes and finally took in the shocked faces of her small audience as Tom slowly began to clap, closely followed by Will. Amazingly enough a small smile was on his mother's face as she too began clapping. \"Ronnie I know this short notice, but would play some songs at the wedding this Sunday...?\" Tom asked slowly, as the clapping died down. At the look of confusion on Ronnie`s face Tom paused. \"Will's sister's wedding?\" Hold on a minute... looking to an uncomfortable Will. What wedding? And that folks is where I end it. So what did you think? Please review! ~Stevens Angel ","Summary":" Hey all! Guess who? So very sorry for not updating sooner, I know a lot of you are very un-happy wi"},{"Movie":"Last Song, 2010","Title":"When my world is falling apart","Author":"Hermina05","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7315339","Passage":"[Chapter 1] When my world is falling apart… What do people say when someone you loved dies? They say they are in a better place, where there is no pain or fear… It is true… probably. But why should that make us feel better? They might be there but we're not. We had to stay behind where there IS pain and fear… and sadness. I heard someone say: \"You cry at a funeral, because you missed something, or didn't say something you should have.\" I lost a lot of people dear to me. I failed to tell them I loved them. I failed to tell them how much they mean to me. I cried at their funeral. I don't think there is a person who loved everyone or anyone the way they should have. But we have to move on, even if that seems unforgivable. I moved on when my father died. Still, sometimes I feel like it's a bad thing to do. It feels like I forgot him and didn't care enough to remember him. I just watched the movie called Last Song. I cried and remembered again. My father died because of cancer. He didn't tell us anything. He suffered alone. We tried to convince him to go to a doctor but he said no. We didn't know that he's already did that and know what we don't. That he will die. The last year we spent together was the worst year of my life. We argued a lot and didn't even talk for days. I hated him sometimes… And one day he said something. It was late at night and I was about to go to sleep. He said: \"Good night, honey. I love you.\" Those were his last words to me. He knew it was time… Next morning my mom woke me up saying that dad was rushed to a hospital. He was in a coma for two weeks. On the third day the doctor said that he has 10% chance to ever wake up. I cried for hours. I didn't know what to do. I could think of only one thing: 'This can't be happening.' On the day he died the doctor called us to get into the hospital at once if we want to say goodbye. I said my goodbyes and left. I couldn't watch him die. Mom stayed there. She came home late at night telling me that he was gone. I just nodded and went to bed. I thought this was just a bad dream… and I will soon wake up. When the funeral came mom told me not to cry. I just watched the casket and the name written on it. I couldn't think of anything. Just stood there and stared. A friend of mine told me that someday I will remember the good things. Not the last year and the last two weeks and how he lay emotionless in the casket. I still can't remember anything just the casket. The last time I saw him. He was not my father anymore. Just a shell. I can only remember one thing. The way he watched me play the piano. He was proud of me being able to play it. He sat next to me and just watched. He didn't say a word, just watched. Ever since then each time I play the piano, I play his favorite song. I can still imagine him sitting next to me. And I feel like dying when I look at the empty chair. The next year seemed to be the happiest year ever. I laughed more than ever before. And each time I realized this I spent hours crying. I felt guilty for living and forgetting. Do you think people know when their time came? When they are about to die? I'm starting to believe this. Other people said their farewell to me before they died. I remember their last words. And I remember what I felt when I heard the news of their death. I was angry. At them and at the world. Why did they have to die? Why? Why? Why…? There is no answer. And it makes things worse. Should we really move on? Should we forget them and live like we don't feel anything about them? Someone tell me the answer… Please… ","Summary":" When my world is falling apart… What do people say when someone you loved dies? They say they are i"},{"Movie":"Last Song, 2010","Title":"Love is like a simple song","Author":"MaggieCyrus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8697198","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Los personajes no son producto de mi imaginación son un par de gente famosa en la que me inspire, la historia es producto de una pequeña inspiración. Espero les guste se aceptan criticas y sugerencias Dedicado a: Todas aquellas gentes que existen en mi vida y que comparten tantas cosas conmigo. A lo largo de este capítulo tome inspiración en la canción ' Kicking And Screaming ' by Miley Cyrus Miles de pensamientos inundan mi mente en estos momentos. Mi padre se va a casar en dos semanas con una tipa a la que apenas conozco, no es que no quiera ver a mi padre feliz, pero sinceramente creo que es muy apresurado. En media hora más, hay una \"cena\" para conocerlos, digo \"conocerlos\" porque al parecer tiene un hijo. Estaba terminando de prepararme unos jeans ajustados una blusa sencilla blanca, un bléiser negro y unas zapatillas discretas me ayudarían a hacer el trabajo. -No tenía ni ganas de aparecer por ahí, pero mi padre dijo que trate de ser amable. Solo lo hago por él.-Dije en voy baja - ¿MILEY YA ESTÁS LISTA? – Gritó mi padre desde abajo. - SI PAPÁ, YA VOY – Me puse perfume y bajé al living. Cuando bajé, mi padre ya estaba esperándome en el auto, entonces sol o encogí los hombros subí al auto, me puse el cinturón y nos dirigimos a la casa de \"ellos\". Al llegar golpeamos la puerta y nos atendió una mujer muy guapa era delgada y tenía una gran sonrisa dibujada en el rostro ella era Tish, la futura mujer de mi padre. - ¡Billy! ¿Tú debes de ser Miley verdad? ¿Cómo están? Pasen – Saludándonos con un beso en la mejilla a cada uno. -Tish si, ella es mi hija Miley - Lo dijo mi padre como acariciando las palabras - Hola Miley, me llamo Liam – Me dijo un chico, sonriendo dulcemente. - Hola Liam – Choque mis labios en su mejilla. -Chicos ¿Por qué no van a fuera? En un rato mas va estar lista la cena. Y dicho eso Liam y yo salimos al jardín, él se sentó en un banco que había ahí mientras yo miraba a mi alrededor. -¿Qué miras? –Preguntó amigable. -Liam –Fijé mi mirada en él -No te confundas, no creas que soy tan \"dulce\", porque solamente lo hice porque mi padre lo pidió –Dije sonriendo cínicamente. -Lo sabía, todo iba demasiado bien - Se levantó de su asiento- ¿Pero sabes qué? No me molestes porque tú no sabes cómo soy \"hermanita\" –Se acercó a mí quedando a pocos centímetros de mi. -¿Me estas amenazando? –Dije acercándome más a él, y mirándolo fijamente a los ojos. -Tómalo como quieras… - Se acercó más a mí casi como un imán, sentía su respiración más cerca de la mía, y no paraba de mirar sus labios y en mi mente solo daba vuelta una opción, besarlo, poco a poco iba cayendo, y me sentía débil a su lado, es extraño, nunca me había sentido intimidada por un chico. Podía ya casi rosar sus labios ¿Qué estoy haciendo? Estoy a punto de besar a mi hermano, digo hermanastro, pero siento que algo me está impulsando a hacerlo ¿Qué tiene él que no haya probado antes? -¡Miley, Liam está lista la cena! -Interrumpió su madre gritando desde adentro. Me alejé dejándolo solo. ¿Qué estuvimos a punto de hacer? Una y otra vez se repetía esa pregunta en mi mente, mientras caminaba rumbo al comedor. -Miley siéntate al lado de Liam –Dijo mi padre señalando la silla vacía de al lado de él, me senté y apartaba mi mirada de la suya. Empezó la cena, la madre de Liam no era desagradable, todo lo contrario ella era muy agradable me gustaba su sentido del humor un tanto simple pero sin llegar a ser estúpido. -En una semana vamos a vivir todos juntos en esta casa –Sonrío mi padre. -¡¿Qué?! –Interrumpí- ¿Como que vamos a mudarnos a esta casa? -Lo que escuchaste hija, si nos vamos a casar ¿Cómo vamos a vivir separados? Tendríamos que vivir todos juntos. Ni él ni yo hablamos mas durante la fastidiosa cena, lo único que quería era que esto terminara e irme a mi habitación a pensar lo que sería este cambio de vida. Pasaron horas, y al fin mi padre, decidió que ya era hora de irnos. Me despedí de Tish y de Liam dándole un frío beso en su mejilla y esquivando su mirada. ¿Como seria cambiar rotundamente mi modo de vida? Si, por que nada va a ser igual que antes. En dos semanas voy a tener oficialmente un hermanastro y una nueva \"madre\". Voy a vivir en otra casa, nuevas costumbres, son algunas cosas que me aterran. Muchas veces soñé que mis padres volvieran estar juntos pero ahora ya lo estoy viendo casi imposible ¿Puede ser más difícil todo esto? - Hoy era el día, el día en que mi vida cambiaria completamente. Comencé a tirar todas mis cosas en el camión de mudanzas, el cual las llevaría al nuevo hogar. Eché el último vistazo a mi habitación pensando en los miles de recuerdos que se me venían a la mente. Mi padre estaba realmente contento, lo que me hacía pensar que no todo estaba tan mal. Subí al auto el cual nos iba a llevar a mi nueva vida. Miraba las calles en las que me críe en la cual dejaba a todos mis amigos pero estaba segura que los iba a volver a ver. Cuando llegamos a la lujosa casa, Tish nos esperaba fuera de ella, le dio un leve beso en los labios a mi padre y a mí un beso en la mejilla y nos dijo \"bienvenidos\". Se me hizo extraño no ver a Liam, pero en realidad no me importa en lo más mínimo. Mi nueva madrastra me indicó donde quedaría mi cuarto, era más grande al que antes tenía. Comencé a acomodar parecido a mi antiguo cuarto para que no fuera tan radical el cambio. -Miley es hora de cenar –Dijo mi padre desde la puerta. Mene mi cabeza un poco de arriba a abajo dando mientras acomodaba mi ropa. Luego bajé a cenar y tampoco estaba Liam, ya me estaba entrando curiosidad al ver que no estaba así que tenía que preguntar. -Tish... ¿Y Liam? –Pregunte mientras metía un bocado a mi boca. -Esta de viaje, y me parece que llega el día de la boda. Algo bueno que saliera de todo esto no estaba mal, al menos no lo tendría que ver en una semana más. Después de cenar subí nuevamente a mi nueva habitación y después de cepillar mi cabello y meterme en mi pijama caí en un profundo sueño. La boda se puede decir que salió perfecta. Mi padre se veía espectacular, y estaba realmente feliz. Liam no se había aparecido por la boda y por lo que me había enterado a su vuelo lo habían suspendido. Yo creo que por eso la boda salió perfecta. Hicieron una fiesta y luego Tish y mi padre se despidieron de mí, ya que se iban de luna de miel y tendría la casa para mi sola. Al llegar a ella me tire sobre la cama totalmente cansada y mis ojos se cerraron de forma instantánea. Eran aproximadamente las cuatro de la mañana cuando siento el insistente sonido del timbre haciéndome salir de mis sueños, me levante a abrir la puerta, pero ¿Quién era a estas horas? -¿Por qué no abrías? No ves la hora que es, y yo acá parado. Cuando escuche su voz pude sentir como mi corazón se paralizó. Me encontré nuevamente con sus ojos color celeste, su exquisita fragancia que me embriaga. ¿Pero qué estás diciendo Cyrus? Volvió el hijito de mami. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Los personajes no son producto de mi imaginación son un par de gente famosa en la que m"},{"Movie":"Last Song, 2010","Title":"The Last Chance at Love","Author":"vburggal2012","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6376103","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Just got off work and I was super tired. My boyfriend Chase Simmons met me at my house after I took a shower, and he waited there until I got ready for our night out we have every Friday. He looked super nice, nicer than normal. I was wondering where he was taking me, but he never told me. He always surprises me. I think its adorable. \"hey babe, how was your day at work?\" asked chase. He said it really upbeat and happy. \"It was slow, just like any other day. How was your day?\" I said, slowly and patiently just ready to get our night started. \" Well it could have gone better, but you weren't there to keep me company on my job search!\" he said jokingly. Walking to the movie where Chase was taking me. Hand in hand his arm around her neck. Out of nowhere a guy with a knife comes up to them and he says give me your money. Chase being the heroic person he always tries to be, says \"no!\" that was the wrong answer for this masked stranger. He stabbed Chase 24 times in counting right in front of me. Chase right before he died said \"I was taking you to see The Last Song, and I will love you forever! Please kiss me one last time.\" Crying I kissed his lips that were soon filled with blood from his mouth. I just laid there beside him yelling for help. As soon as he passed I told him \"I will l-l-love you till the d-d-day I die, and n-n-n-no one can take that away.\" Two weeks later,the funeral is about to begin. Preacher standing at the podium, everyone standing around watching, some mourning more than others. I, I am the one who was crying the most. Me, Alex Lynn Miller the girl who never cry's but yes me I cried that day. No one was here to support me, not even his mother. I went out with my friends the night of his funeral and We went to a party. Yes there was alcohol, i started taking shots. I got through 4 and then started again. I couldn't take the pain of him dieing right in front of me and the alcohol took that night right out of my mind. No one got what i was going through,Not my mom,my step dad, and not even my best friend Aria. \"Caren, Alex is fine, she went out with Aria and some other friends.\"Assumed my stepdad George. \"George,shes normally home by now and you know this. im really starting to worry about her after the incident 2 weeks ago.\" Caren said worriedly, Pacing around the kitchen,trying to find something to keep her mind off of her daughter not being home yet. Drunk and stumbling through the door. \"Hey Mom! I'm home are you awake?\" loudly Alex asked. \"yeah honey im in the kitchen\"Caren said staring at her glass of Ice Tea she poured. Stumbling to the kitchen Alex goes and gives her mom a huge hug. \"your breath smells like alcohol,Have You Been Drinking?\" Caren asked Dramatically.\" Hahahahaha good guess mom, by the way i had 12 shots of tequila. did you know tequila tastes like dog shit? well im gonna go to bed\"said alex\"Night!\" alex screamed from her room. ","Summary":" Just got off work and I was super tired. My boyfriend Chase Simmons met me at my house after I took"},{"Movie":"Sabrina, 1995","Title":"Working Girl","Author":"DebbieB","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2482234","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My parents werenacademics. They didn't understand business, and couldn't understandnwhy I would waste my degree as a secretary. We were callednsecretaries back then, in the early Sixties when I started my career.n Well, we were called secretaries, sometimes, and girls most of thentime (\"Chuck, have your girl schedule a meeting with Tom Wilsonnin Accounting...\"), and we never, ever, ever called it an\"career.\" Not back then. Back then, it was anjob, a way to keep a roof over our heads and food in our stomachs. Anway to contribute to our families, we the unmarried working girls whonchose work over husbands and babies. We wore beehive hairdos andnshoes that killed our feet and nylons every day of the week. Non\"walking-shoes with the pumps in the handbag\" for us. Wenwere hard-core, back then. I came to Larrabeenarmed with a college degree and ten years of experience. I typednone-hundred seven words a minute (on a manual typewriter), knewnshort-hand, took dictation at 90 words a minute, and could composenbusiness letters with the best of them. I worked for old Mr.nLarrabee for the last three years of his life, assistant to Mrs.nCallahan, who had been his secretary for forty years. Linus got me in thenwill, I think. Linus is in Paris now,nno doubt. He's probably walking down some rainy street, holdingnhands with Sabrina, dazed and unsettled by this rapid and unexpectednchange in his life. I had a mobile phonenbefore I had a microwave. My family hated Linus, hated him with anpassion. Even my mother, who never hated anybody in her sixty-sevennyears of life, harbored a little resentment toward him. Linus becamenthe focus of their confusion, the monster that turned their daughternfrom a quiet little do-bee to a workaholic who slept with one eye onnthe phone and one foot on the floor. Maude and I packed hisnbags this morning. Was it only this morning? I teased him about it,none last shot before he started his new life. Like touching thenShroud of Turin. It was a thing we shared. Everybody was so afraidnof Linus; he appreciated that I was not. I'm not intimidated easily.n And he liked that I wasn't afraid to call him on his crap, withoutnever making him look or feel bad. They called us girls innthe Sixties, and even in the early Seventies before the feministsnstarting screaming about it. My brother wanted to know why I nevernwent back to school, finished my MBA like I'd planned. My sisternstill says I sold out my values, and that I'm part of the problem,nnot the solution. They called us girls,nand made movies about it. Doris Day and Rock Hudson, or Cary Grant,nor whatever bisexual stud they could place her with. Oh, the momentnof truth--Miss Johnson, take off those glasses, let down your hair! nMy, Miss Johnson, you're beautiful! David and Maude spokento me after the Tyler meeting, alone and behind closed doors. Theynwanted to assure me that Linus's departure would not in any waynendanger my place at Larrabee. They were afraid I'd leave, take thisnopportunity to maybe start my own business. After twenty years ofnbeing Linus's eyes, ears, and Rolodex, I suppose I can understandntheir concern. I'm an asset. I was a waitress innschool. I've worked every day since I was sixteen. I thought, atnone point, that I'd like to open a little restaurant. Maybe a coffeenshop, with lots of books and big comfy chairs where people could readnor talk. But Starbucks already did that to death. Besides, I don'tnwant to leave. Maybe a day off, a week. A vacation somewherenexotic, to use up the months of unused time off I've beennaccumulating forever. Doris Day always had ansidekick, Eve Arden or Joan Blondell, maybe. I hated those women. Inhated their spunk, thank you very much. Like you couldn't be anprofessional woman without being a joke. But more than Eve and Joan,nmore than even Doris herself, I hated those women in the old movies. nThe hard-ass secretary, old and dried-up, who had obviously beennmadly in love with the boss for years. She watches, in the finalnreel, as Cary Grant or Rock Hudson, maybe Gregory Peck, goes off intonthe sunset with the beautiful young thing. A happy ending. My cell phone is off. nI haven't turned it off since I got it, except to recharge, and evennthen I had a backup. My phone is unplugged. There's nothing onntelevision tonight. Even if there was, I wouldn't know, because Inhaven't seen an entire uninterrupted program in almost twenty years. Linus is in Paris,nbeginning his new life. I think I'll take anwalk. The streets of New York are lovely in the rain. I think I'llnget drunk. I haven't gotten drunk in years. No way was I going tonanswer that two a.m. call with slurred voice and blurry mind. No waynwas I going to show up, hung-over and regretting whatever I may ornmay not have done the night before. Maybe I'll rent a man. nI've got enough to afford someone young, someone smart enough not tondisgust me, but stupid enough not to make me think. Someone whonsmiles when he looks at me, no matter what it is he thinks he sees. The house feelsnstrange. It feels empty, more so than ever before. I find thatnsuddenly I can't remember when Mama died. Was it 1984 or 1985? Wasnit September or November? Daddy, I remember. July 14, 1963. Onenyear before my graduation from college. Three o'clock in thenafternoon, they called us from NYU to tell us he'd collapsed. Theyndidn't even get him to the hospital in time. Ruthie and I holdingnhands, in hysterics, with Mama trying to find out what was going on. nEric and Lydia, quiet and pale, as we broke it to them what hadnhappened. Daddy was dead. Daddy was gone. I want to get drunk. Indon't remember what it feels like to be out of control. I don'tnremember what it feels like to be spun around by life, free-fallingninto darkness. I want to go to a party, but I don't know anyone whonhas parties. Not real parties, anyway, where you wear your nicestnclothes and dance to music with actual words and melodies. \"Poor MissnMcArdle. All those years. What's she going to do? You know, she'snprobably been secretly in love with him all these years.\" No imagination. No. Fucking.nImagination. I wasn't in love withnhim. I was in love with me, the woman who made things happen. Thenwoman who knew the score, who knew who to contact, who never trippednor stumbled or missed the call. I wasn't in love withnhim. I was in love with the success, the power, the feeling ofncontrol. The feeling that a single call could make the difference. nBetween victory and defeat. Between gain and loss. Between now, andnfive minutes from now. Daddy never made it tonthe hospital. Five minutes longer. If he'd held out five minutesnlonger. I'm staying homentonight. I have work in the morning. I have a job to do. I just wish...the phonenwould ring. Then I could sleep. End ","Summary":" My parents werenacademics. They didn't understand business, and couldn't understandnwhy I would was"},{"Movie":"Sabrina, 1995","Title":"Another Larrabee Party","Author":"Sara K M","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12169618","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Another Larrabee Party Disclaimer: I don't own Sabrina. (And that applies to either version of the movie, although I'm writing about the 1995 one.) \"Another party,\" Linus Larrabee grumbled. \"Well, keep the photographers away from me, will you, Sweetheart?\" he asked his wife. He and his wife, Sabrina, were on a flight to New York from Paris. Since they lived in Paris and both their families lived in New York, they did this often. This time, it was for Linus's mother, Maude's birthday party. Sabrina chuckled. \"You say that every time we go to one of your families' parties. I still think you're very photogenic,\" she teased him, as she always did. Her husband was incredibly handsome man, even though he was in his late forties now. The grey hair sprinkled on his head didn't bother her a bit. He just as handsome without his glasses as he was when he wore them. She loved his warm brown eyes either way. And Sabrina couldn't forget those adorable crinkles that developed on his face when he smiled, either. \"Maybe when you take the pictures, I am,\" he smiled and his face crinkled, as always. He leaned over from his seat to kiss her cheek. \"Seriously, I just don't like it the way those media types make me look.\" \"I hope it's not because you're lonely anymore,\" Sabina commented as she squeezed his hand. \"Mama!\" their five – year – old daughter, Annabelle, interrupted them. \"I don't wanna listen to music anymore!\" she whined, taking the headphones out of her ears, and shaking long brown hair a little. \"How about coloring?\" Sabrina suggested, pulling a Sleeping Beauty coloring book. \"Je ne veux pas*,\" Annabelle pouted. Since her family was American but they lived in Paris, she used French and English interchangeably. \"A puzzle then?\" Sabrina asked, sighing as she tried to come up with ideas. No matter how many times a year they flew to New York and back, Annabelle would always start complaining there was nothing to do. Sabrina supposed it was unreasonable to expect a child her age to sit in one place for six plus hours. But understanding the problem didn't make it any easier to deal with. \"Je veux. See Grandpa!\" Annabelle insisted. Sabrina smiled despite herself. Annabelle sounded a lot like Linus when he was angry. \"We'll see him in couple of hours, Sweetie.\" \"Would you like to play some games on Papa's computer?\" Linus asked, after listening to the exchange for several minutes. \"Yes,\" Annabelle nodded, brightening. As Linus pulled out his laptop, he whispered, \"No. I'm definitely not lonely.\" OOOOOOOOOOO Several hours, two coloring books, three puzzles, four computer games, ten trips to the bathroom, and many thousand complaints later, they had finally landed in New York. (The plane ride also included two glasses of wine each for Sabrina and Linus.) After retrieving their bags, Sabrina spotted her Dad in the waiting room. He was reading a book, as usual. Annabelle spotted him a few moments later and began running to him. \"Grandpa!\" she shouted. Sabrina's Dad, Thomas Fairchild, put down the book at the sound of his granddaughter's voice. \"Annabelle Lee!\" he greeted her as he gave her a big hug. He always called Annabelle that because of Edgar Allen Poe's poem, \"Annabelle Lee.\" Sabrina smiled as she watched them interact. This made all the complaints and problems on the plane worth it. A warm feeling swelled up inside her. She turned to her husband and whispered, \"Thank you for agreeing to this. I know it can be a hassle to fly back and forth all the time. But for our families –\" \" – And for my Parisian American,\" Linus teased, wrapping his arms around her. He often called Sabrina that, because she claimed that \"America was her country, but Paris was her hometown.\" \"Yes, of course,\" Sabrina agreed, loving the way he always teased her. The warm feeling inside her grew even more, so she wrapped her arms around Linus and gave him a big, long kiss. As they drew apart, both of them tried to ignore a few bystanders who had been looking at them. Sabrina thought it was funny. In Paris, they were often known as \"reserved\" if not \"cold Americans.\" Linus, in particular, didn't like the French custom of kissing both cheeks as a greeting. But here, in America, they were often seen as extremely physically affectionate couple, especially for the business class. \"Hi Dad,\" Sabrina smiled, finally greeting her father with a hug. \"Hi,\" he greeted both Sabrina and Linus. \"How was your flight?\" \"No more difficult than usual, Tom,\" Linus replied. He nodded. \"Are you hungry? Can I take you to lunch?\" \"Yes!\" Annabelle replied for all of them, trying to pull her grandfather's arm. \"Let's go eat!\" OOOOOOOOOOOOOO They all enjoyed lunch, which Dad insisted on paying, and they headed out to the Larrabee Estate on Long Island. There, the servants were all busy preparing for the party. The grass smelled as it had been freshly cut. White tables were being set out on the South Lawn. The cook, Rosa, was preparing cocktail dishes. Sabrina's stepmother, who was also the head maid, was busy making sure the main house was as clean as possible. \"Grandpa, can we go to the pool?\" Annabelle asked as they entered the house. \"My backstroke is a lot better than it was at Christmas!\" Dad paused for a minute. Even though he loved spending time with Annabelle, Sabrina knew he felt guilty watching all of the other servants preparing for the party while he did nothing. As he tried to figure out the proper answer to Annabelle's question, Maude suddenly appeared. She was sporting a simple white dress and a fine new bleached hair – do. Yet she still reminded Sabrina of the queen of England. \"Hello, Mother,\" Linus greeted her with a smile and a nod. \"Happy birthday.\" \"Thank you, son. It's good to see you again. You too, Sabrina,\" she added, nodding to her daughter – in – law. \"And Annabelle,\" she smiled and patted the five – year – old's head. \"Happy birthday, Grandmother,\" Annabelle told her politely. \"Tom, I think it would be a great idea for you to take Annabelle to the pool. There will be plenty of time to make room for all the guests' cars later this afternoon.\" Maude commented, looking from her chauffer/in – law to her granddaughter as she nodded her head. \"All right then, Annabelle Lee, I guess you and I have a date for the pool!\" Dad told her excitedly, now that he had been given permission from his boss. Annabelle's eyes lit up. \"Yes! Yes! Yes!\" she exclaimed. \"Remember your swimsuit,\" Sabrina commented, taking it out of Annabelle's suitcase and handing it to her. \"Please use the indoor pool,\" Maude called after them. Sabrina and Linus smiled as Dad and Annabelle disappeared down the hall, Annabelle skipping as she went. \"I love seeing her happy,\" Linus commented. \"The way her eyes light up reminds me so much of you.\" Sabrina looked back at him, knowing her eyes were lighting up right now. After a moment, he turned back to Maude. \"Well, I think we need to get these bags upstairs, Mother,\" Linus told her. \"And then we need to lie down for a while if we're going to be up this evening,\" Sabrina added. \"Jet – lag, as always.\" \"That's fine. I'm busy getting ready for the party tonight. See you both there.\" OOOOOOOOOOOO A couple of hours later, Sabrina woke up, stretching her muscles on the king – sized bed. She turned on her side to look at Linus, who was sleeping peacefully. His hair looked messy and imperfect, as always. She couldn't believe there was a time when she preferred David's picture – perfect hair instead of Linus's. Smiling, Sabrina gently ran her hands through her husband's hair. \"We need to get up soon,\" she told him several times. Linus mumbled something but didn't wake up. It wasn't that surprising. Getting him out of bed when they were in New York was more difficult than moving an elephant. Sabrina pulled on his arm. \"Come on. We need to get ready for the party, and I'd like to see Annabelle before she goes to sleep tonight.\" Linus groaned and stretched for a minute. \"No matter how many times we fly back and forth, I'll never get used to the jet – lag.\" Sabrina climbed out of the bed. \"You probably won't. You're a creature of habit,\" she teased him. She picked up a towel from the closet in the corner of the room and prepared to get in the shower. She heard Linus chuckle from the bedroom. \"Well, there are things I can get used to. You taught me that.\" \"I suppose so,\" Sabrina called back as she turned on the shower. OOOOOOOOOO Forty – five minutes later, Sabrina put the finishing touches on her outfit. She wore a sleeveless red gown complete with sequins. The red showed off the slight red tint in her short, permed hair. She opened her jewelry box and pulled out a small ruby necklace. \"Let me get that,\" Linus said coming up behind her and taking the necklace out of her hands. The back of Sabrina's neck tingled as she felt his hands brush against her skin and his breath on her neck. When he finished, she turned around and inspected him. He looked gorgeous in his black tuxedo, although there were a few imperfections. But those made dressing with him even better. Smiling, she adjusted his bow tie and then ran her hands up and down his chest smoothing out the wrinkles that came from leaving the tuxedo in the back of the Larrabee closet for six months. As she continued, Linus examined Sabrina from head to toe, obviously admiring her. \"I have to admit, I'm still not really a party person,\" he commented. \"But you look gorgeous.\" He began caressing her arms. \"I know you aren't,\" Sabrina replied as she looked into his wonderful brown eyes. \"But I love dancing with you. And I must admit, I get a little thrill at being invited. Attending them is a lot more enjoyable than watching them from the tree,\" she chuckled at the last comment. \"Well, I do like dancing with you, too,\" he told her, leaning in to give her a warm, deep kiss. With that, the world disappeared. When they finally drew apart, Linus moved them toward the door. \"Let's go. We should say goodnight to Annabelle.\" Sabrina sighed. He was right. \"Oh, Linus, don't forget to bring your mother's birthday present to the party.\" They had bought Maude a fancy, prim dress from Paris. Sabrina knew it was just her mother – in – law's style. Linus nodded and pulled a wrapped box out of one of their suitcases. \"Right.\" With that, they headed to Dad's apartment over the garage to pick up Annabelle. OOOOOOOOOOO A half hour later, Annabelle had been tucked in the bedroom across from theirs. Sabrina promised they would tell her about the party the next day, and Linus promised she could see her cousin, Andy, as well. \"Thank you for waking me up so we would have some time with her,\" Linus told Sabrina as they walked out of the bedroom. \"Even though I didn't appreciate it at the time.\" \"Well, in a way I'm glad you're so difficult to get up here. I know part of it is the jet – lag, but part of it is because we're on vacation, too. A vacation , Linus. There was a time when you lived here before that I didn't think you even slept, much less take a vacation.\" She took his hand as she finished talking, feeling his wedding ring brush against her fingers, marveling how much had changed. He shook his head. \"'Linus Larrabee' and 'vacation' didn't mix, that's for sure. Until you.\" He wrapped his arm around her and kissed her cheek. When they exited the house and made their way to the party, Sabrina took a deep breath and held on to her husband. As happy as she was to attend the Larrabee parties, she was still a tiny bit nervous. She was far more comfortable being here than she was the time David invited her. But there was always a part of her that still felt like the chauffer's daughter playing dress – up. \"Let's get this over with,\" Linus muttered to her as he placed his mother's birthday present on the table where all of the other presents were located. \"I just hope they don't make me talk to too many people.\" With that, he picked up two champagne flutes, which he and Sabrina sipped from as they whispered and took in the atmosphere. \"Linus!\" screeched a woman dressed in a narrow, dark blue gown, about twenty minutes later. \"I must talk to you. Alone.\" Batting her eyes, the woman nearly dragged Linus into a corner. Sabrina knew not to be jealous. Her husband had no interest in other women, no matter what this woman wanted to try. (Until he became interested in Sabrina, Linus had no interest in women at all .) Still, now what was she supposed to do.? She finished her champagne and then noticed David near one of the food tables. \"Hello, David,\" she greeted her brother – in – law. She was careful to keep plenty of space between them. Neither Elizabeth Tyson – Larrabee nor Linus were terribly comfortable with Sabrina and David spending time together. It was understandable, she supposed when Sabrina thought of the enormous crush she'd once had on David. And of course, David had once planned on breaking his engagement to Elizabeth because of Sabrina. Still, with Linus busy elsewhere, Sabrina wished to talk to someone she was close to. \"Hi, Sabrina. When did you guys get here?\" He asked. Then took a bite of a finger sandwich. \"Around eleven o'clock, I think. New York time, that is.\" Sabrina paused and picked up a shrimp cocktail. \"Are you and Elizabeth spending the night at the estate? Annabelle wants to see Andy tomorrow.\" \"Yes. Definitely. I don't want to be on the road after all the alcohol I drink at one of these parties,\" he replied as he finished the finger sandwich. Somehow without getting any leftovers on his face. \"That's good to hear,\" Sabrina nodded. Honestly, she knew why Linus and Elizabeth were uncomfortable seeing her and David talking, but she found it laughable that they once thought they could be a good couple. David agreed, she knew. He'd become attracted to her because he was so scared about making a commitment to Elizabeth. As for Sabrina, she had been in love with the idea of David for so long, she didn't realize it wasn't real love. Until she started spending time with Linus, that is. Seriously, she knew David seemed happy with Elizabeth now, but with his playboy past, she wouldn't be surprised if his eyes wandered to other women sometimes. Linus's eyes never wandered. She also looked at David's face which never seemed to need wiping. At his perfectly trimmed hair and perfect white tuxedo. Nice, she supposed, but a little boring. She'd much rather have Linus's hair with its wayward strands and his black tuxedo that occasionally needed straightening out. In fact, she decided to go look for him right now. Perhaps he needed help \"fixing his imperfections\" again. \"See you later, David,\" she told him. Sabrina walked about five feet before someone grabbed her from behind and pulled her close. \"I finally got away from that woman, and then I find you're talking to David. Why did you need to do that?\" Linus grumbled. Sabrina turned around to face him. \"I know it bothers you, but it was just small talk, Linus. I just wanted to make sure they were staying here tonight so Annabelle could see Andy tomorrow. There is nothing between David and me anymore.\" She began running her hands up and down his tuxedo, smoothing out the wrinkles he may have acquired in the last hour. When she finished, Sabrina reached up and pulled some wayward hair strands back into place. \"Not like there is between us,\" she told him as she tugged his head even closer to her. \"Mmmmm,\" they both moaned as they kissed each other at the same time. They let their tongues slip into the other's mouth briefly, enjoying each other's taste. \"Come,\" Linus told Sabrina when they came up for air. \"Dance with me.\" He led her to the dance floor, right in front of the live band and they began waltzing as the sun set in the background. They had been dancing for about ten minutes when Sabrina felt a camera flash start to go off. She quickly moved them to a different corner, and they were able to avoid the photographer. As a professional photographer, Sabrina found it a little silly that her husband disliked people taking his picture as much as he did. Still, it was important to him that they avoid the photographers at the parties, so she tried to help him. Being a photographer herself, Sabrina often had a six – sense when they were nearby. \"Thank you,\" Linus whispered, kissing her softly as they continued dancing. \"I think we avoided that one.\" OOOOOOOOOOOO Three hours later Sabrina and Linus had talked to several of the others including Maude (who loved her birthday present), the mayor of New York, several of Linus's business associates, and of course, the Tysons. Linus wasn't exactly thrilled with all the people he was expected to socialize with, but he handled it. Especially after a couple of glasses of champagne. They danced a couple more times. They narrowly avoided most of the photographers and still managed to exchange more kisses than most of the other couples there. Finally, they made it back to the bedroom they were staying in, laughing partly from jokes and partly from the champagne. \"I mean it, Sabrina!\" Linus told her as they opened the door. He laughed again. \"I don't know,\" Sabrina replied, sitting coming in and sitting on the bed. \"It doesn't sound very likely.\" She kicked off her shoes. \"Seriously, do you know one good thing about jet lag, though?\" Linus asked her after they both stopped laughing and he began taking off his shoes as well. Sabrina began laughing again. \"What could you possibly think is good about jet – lag?\" Linus ginned at her, showing all those adorable crinkles in his face again. \"Since we had to sleep all afternoon, I'm not that tired right now.\" He pushed Sabrina into a laying position on the bed. \"And I bet you're not all that tired, either.\" Sabrina laughed and pulled off his bowtie, and then his tuxedo jacket. \"No, I'm not tired right now.\" Linus reached behind her and pulled off her necklace, placing it on the nightstand. \"Good.\" He smiled at her, looking right into her eyes. \"I love you, Sabrina.\" \"I love you, too.\" With that, prepared for a celebration just for the two of them. *I do not want to. ","Summary":" Another Larrabee Party Disclaimer: I don't own Sabrina. (And that applies to either version of the "},{"Movie":"Sabrina, 1995","Title":"La Vie en Rose","Author":"VesperRegina","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6866181","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: La Vie en Rose Author: Vesper (Regina) Warnings: None. Category: Romance. Characters: Sabrina Fairchild/Linus Larrabee Summary: Together, in Paris. 351 words. Archival: If you wish to archive, please link to my website. Please keep all my headers intact. Even before they are married, Paris is their honeymoon. They both know this - what else can it be? They are so wrapped up in each other, in their joy. They walk hand in hand, and they don't care how they look. Everywhere, they walk, across the bridges, in and out of stores. \"You're the tourist,\" she teases him. \"And you're the native,\" he answers back, with that smile of his-a smile so self-conscious, so wry, she has to laugh and kiss it away, into something a little closer to happiness without worries. They talk all the time. Sometimes he asks her questions about her time here, questions he didn't get to ask before, questions she wasn't ready to answer before. She tells him about Louis, about the first, embarrassing, uncomfortable day, how she had cried in bed that first night. They drift easily into silence. This day, she has a secret, so she smiles to herself, and slides her hand under the pillow, to pull a tiny Eiffel tower from under the pillow. She holds it up, letting the steel catch the light. His laughter rumbles in his chest, and through her, and the joy that blooms in her warms her like stepping into a patch of midday sun. \"You remembered,\" he says. \"How could I forget? These were all I saw when I first came here.\" \"I don't know what I was thinking when you offered -\" \"I pay my debts,\" she says, lifting her head to look at him, and her voice is full of bright gentle amusement. \"I know.\" He takes the paperweight from her, turning it, examining its angles. She settles closer to him, head on his chest, hooking a foot around one of his. His fingers drift with idle intent through her hair, smoothing, twisting, combing. \"I always knew you were kind.\" The tone of his voice is almost absent, full of memories, tinged with regret. \"And so are you, Linus,\" she counters, voice soft. She closes her eyes, wraps herself tighter to him. His fingers grow still in her hair. \"My Sabrina fair,\" he whispers. End. ","Summary":" Title: La Vie en Rose Author: Vesper (Regina) Warnings: None. Category: Romance. Characters: Sabrin"},{"Movie":"Sabrina, 1995","Title":"The Hand","Author":"A cold november wind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6529670","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok, so I just finished watching the 1954 version of Sabrina for the hundredth time:) And I got to thinking, what if someone had reached out to Linus when he felt like it was all coming to an end? Not Sabrina but before, when he tried to jump and end his life. This is from his pov and also the mysterious stranger's pov. I am somewhat partial to mysterious strangers in stories...they really tend to jazz up a story and I always love a good \"What if\" factor. I haven't seen the remake with Harrison Ford and Julia Ormond but I saw the trailer on youtube. I have to say that Ford looked pretty yummy in his role. So when I was writing this, it was Harrison Ford who was about to jump in my mind and not Humphrey Bogart. No offense to Bogart fans...he was a great actor in his own right:) Ok, I hope you enjoy reading this! Reviews are welcomed and greatly appreciated! Thanks! NO copyright infringement intended. \"What are you looking at?\" he asked dejectedly \"I was wondering…\" she started, looking up at him. Her dark hair was flying wildly about her face as if dancing with the snowflakes falling from the sky. Her brown eyes were serious. She rubbed her nose and shivered. She's going to freeze to death , he thought. And then the absurdity of the statement struck him. Here he was worried about a complete stranger's life when he had been about to end his. \"I was wondering if you knew…that is, are you aware of the fact that…\" She looked up at him, \"…that you can't really fly unless you are truly free?\" He stood frozen on the ledge. The wind flew all around him. The falling snow kissed his mouth and face. His hands were getting numb from the cold but he felt none of this. He felt nothing but the weight of the glance from those brown eyes. She pushed her glasses up her nose and softly said to him, \"Let it go.\" He could only stare at her. Who was this strange creature? He had watched here dance across the bridge, spinning and whirling with a ridiculous grin on her face. Her dress flowed about her and the wind whipped her curly, dark hair in every direction. He had heard her laugh softly. Heard her gasp and stop suddenly as she realized there was a man standing on the ledge of the bridge. She had mumbled an apology and began to quickly walk away when she stopped suddenly and turned around. Looking at him she walked back to his side and stared up at his face. He had thought angrily, that there was absolutely no privacy left in this world. That a man couldn't even kill himself in peace without someone disturbing him! He opened his mouth. He was going to tell here to \"Piss off!\" but it seems he had been right after all. He had control over nothing. Not even his own brain because that's not what his mouth said. \"I don't know how…\", he managed to croak out. She smiled and it transformed her face completely. She was one of those people you pass everyday throughout your life. They make an impression upon you for about ten seconds. The woman sitting quietly by herself in the café. A steaming cup of coffee sitting idle on the table by her hand. A book in front of her and a look of rapturous anticipation on her face, completely unaware of the world around her. Or the woman on the train, staring quietly out the window. A secret smile on her face as the movement of the train made the sun flash across her skin. She was still staring up at him as he came out of his reverie. But now her hand was held out to him. A warm, pink, thin fingered hand. He stared at it. One simple gesture. That's what his life had boiled down to. His fingers flexed and then curled into a fist. He heard the water gently lapping under the bridge. Heard her breathing softly. He turned his head and watched the lights reflected on the water. They seemed to wink at him. As if telling him this was all a joke. Life was a comedy, to be laughed at and not taken seriously. The winking lights in the water called to him. They shivered and danced on the water. Told him it was okay to jump. Made the dark water more inviting than it should be. He turned his head. She was still there. He watched her breath come in slow puffs white air from between her slightly opened lips. Her hand was still there. Both called out to him in a sweet, gentle voice. the hand the water the hand the water Softly, seductively… He took a breath and his entire body shuddered. Oh, what the hell? Why not? The dancing whimsy had won. He reached forward and took the hand. Crouching down, he slowly jumped off of the ledge. All the while, her hand held his. He was completely off the ledge now and somehow had managed to give her his other hand. She held both of them and slowly rubbed her thumbs across his cold skin. \"That's better,\" she whispered to him. He nodded dumbly. He was tired. A great, bone penetrating weariness had come over him. But he felt as tightly wound up as a rubber band. He gripped her hands tightly, feeling as if he still might fall. But she soon separated their hands and took the shawl off of her shoulders. His hands felt lost… She took the shawl and put it around his shoulders, standing up on tiptoe because she only came up to his chin. He noticed her clutching a corner of her bottom lip with her teeth as she focused on setting the shawl right on him. He could only look at her, speech felt impossible. She nodded to herself and then looked up at him. He was a good 10 to 12 years older than herself. Early forties, perhaps. He had brown hair that was dusted with gray. And a crooked nose. His face was mostly smooth with a few wrinkles; he spent too much time indoors, she thought. His green eyes were looking at her. They were bewildered and held that shuttered, pained look of someone who had been living with a deep sadness. He had full lips set in a grim line at the moment. She rubbed his arms up and down with her hands. \"Ok, this is what I want you to do,\" she said. \"I want you to walk back to your place. Your home…\" she emphasized. \"Not to some bar, not to your office, but your home\" she continued. \"While you walk back, I want you to ignore everything except this beautiful silence that only falling snow could bring.\" She took his left hand and held it, palm up to the falling snow. He watched the flakes touch and then melt on his fingers. Tiny, fleeting sparks of life. It made him immensely sad to think that the last things the ice crystals ever touched was his wretched skin. She brought the shawl closer together over his chest and he turned his head to look at her. She shook her head as if sensing his melancholy thoughts. \"It's beautiful and strange…the snow. It blankets all sounds, making them seem far away. All sounds except those close to us. We're forced to focus on ourselves…our footsteps through the snow, our lungs breathing, our hearts beating.\" She traced her index finger in the middle of his chest as she said this. \"All those things we choose to ignore but they remind us again and again. \"Listen to your heart! Embrace it!\" she said fiercely. His mouth opened slightly and filled the air between them with a white haze. She continued to rub his arms. \"Once you've reached your home, I want you to get rid of all these wet clothes and get into a big, fluffy robe that's too big for you. Although…\" She stepped back and eyed him critically. \"That last part might be a bit difficult for you since you're pretty tall.\" She had meant it as a joke. She wanted him to at least give her a small smile. But his eyes still held that vacant look. \"Do you follow me?\" she asked. He nodded robotically. He could feel the warmth from her hands slowly penetrating his cold arms. She sighed and stepped closer to him. \"Ok, then I want you to get disgustingly drunk and sleep for at least 14 hours straight. You're going to wake up with an absolute cranium splitting headache. That's good.\" she said, watching his face. \"Physical pain is good.\" He nodded and she laughed softly. I think I'm finally getting through to him \"Good. And after you wake up with that splitting headache, I want you to put your head back, open your mouth and laugh\" His eyes widened. \"Yes, Laugh a great, big belly laugh that makes tears pour out of your eyes and your abdomen cramp with pain.\" The corner of his mouth twitched upwards. Her eyes glowed. I think he's going to be okay. She took both his hands into her own and stood up on tiptoe. She kissed him softly on his lower cheek. She lowered and let go of his hands, stepping back. \"Now, I want you to…\" but she never had a chance to finish. He grabbed her by the upper arms and hauled her against him. Bending her head back, he kissed her fully and fiercely with a kiss that smothered any kind of thought. She felt his whole body vibrating against hers, the first sign of any emotion in him. The kiss ended as quickly as it had begun. He let her go and she stumbled backwards. He was breathing hard, his hands clenching and unclenching. She could only stare at him, shivering as the snow continued to fall all around them. She put a few fingers up to her lips, touching them. She had never been kissed like that, never . Her skin under her dress was tingling where he had grabbed her and her heart, she was sure, was beating into hyperdrive. A warmth spread over her and she knew she was probably blushing. She shook herself and took a deep breath. \"Home. Go on…\" she said softly to him. He shook his head, \"I can't…\" he started to say, his voice quietly desperate. But she was nodding her head to him. \"Yes, you can. I believe in you.\" He looked at her, a confused look on his face. What did she see in him? How could she believe in a complete stranger? He turned around and slowly walked to the other end of the bridge, the questions still swimming around in his mind. He turned around and saw that she was still there. A dark figure against the swirling snow, falling heavier now. She held up a hand in a final goodbye. He waved his own hand back and turned around. Walking off the bridge, he turned towards his apartment. Home , she had called it. He walked a few steps and stopped again. Turning around, he looked towards the bridge but she was gone now. Or the snow had completely swallowed her. He thought he heard a soft laugh in the night but he couldn't be sure. The corner of his mouth twitched upward and he shrugged. An angel? Maybe. Who knew? He pulled the shawl closer around him and buried his nose into a corner of it, breathing in. The scent of Cashmere Mist tickled his nostrils. Somehow it fit. A warm, spicy scent with a hint of mystery in it. It lingered in his mind… He listened to his heart as he walked home. It felt slightly lighter now and its song held a note of hope in it. The snow continued to fall from the sky all around him. ","Summary":" Ok, so I just finished watching the 1954 version of Sabrina for the hundredth time:) And I got to t"},{"Movie":"Sabrina, 1995","Title":"The Smell of Rain","Author":"VesperRegina","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1485307","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: The Smell of Rain Author: Vesper (Regina) Rating: K Category: Movie-fic, Sabrina (1995) Summary: \"Do you remember a rainy afternoon we spent together?\" Flashback. Disclaimer: These characters were created by Samuel Taylor, made famous by Billy Wilder and brought to life by six wonderful actors, in two delightful movies. This fic is based on the Harrison Ford and Julia Ormond version. I most definitely do not own these characters. Archival: If you wish to archive, please link to my website. Notes: I finally wrote it. \"Do you remember a rainy afternoon we spent together?\" ","Summary":" Title: The Smell of Rain Author: Vesper (Regina) Rating: K Category: Movie-fic, Sabrina (1995) Summ"},{"Movie":"Sabrina, 1995","Title":"Linus Larabee's Flight of Fancy","Author":"Schumel Yokanon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7598641","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was early afternoon as Linus slipped right through the doors of the concord into his first class seat. His now tie was still dangling around his neck and one of his cuff links was about to fall off. Linus had never had to run after anything in his life and now he was. As the flight attendant said in French to buckle all seat belts and stow all items in the overhead bins or under the seat in from you, he rose and put his wardrobe bag above shoving it in wrinkling the contents inside. Then be quickly sat back down. The push back from the jets glued Linus to his seat and left him feeling a little nauseous. As it leveled, it faded. Once the plane had reached 35,000 feet, the stewardess came over to take Linus' drink order. He ordered a vodka tonic and ate some Brie. The plane was now just off the northern edge of Nova Scotia and Linus was thinking about Sabrina and all this had meant. He had hurt her and he knew earning her trust would be difficult if not almost impossible for him. She had trusted him and he violated that. What could he say to repair that trust ? A direct approach he knew would work best. As the plane touched down just outside of Paris, Linus looked at the small haze that surrounded the airport and was pleased to see it was less than what he would normally see driving into Manhattan from Long Island. The Eiffel tower was off inn the far distance as dusk began to fall over Paris. Her plane would not land for another 20 minutes. He would be able to get to the address her father had given to him as he would move to a private customs hall and quickly jump in a Mercedes limousine to Rue De Beaux Arts. His eyes watered as the plane equalized and they came to a stop on the tarmac. He undid his seat belt and grabbed his bag above which now was squished into the side of the overhead bin. He pulled it down and jiggled it a bit and walked to the open door. Dusk had fallen and there was a mist in the air. The tarmac was shiny and glistened in the twilight. Linus likes the smell of jet fuel and the anticipation. He enjoyed the walks he took through airport terminals. Normally he would walk but he needed to get somewhere for someone today. The car waiting for him today sat in his garage on Long Island. Sleek and low and black, it was a dream on four wheels. As it raced through the Paris streets he thought about what bright him there. The love he felt for this woman the one who could save his soul. As the car pulled down Rue De Beaux Arts, Linus felt the panic rise. He paid the driver and walked into a hotel lobby down the street. He walked to the bar and ordered a tonic water and lime. He did not want vodka right now. He just drank fast, dropped a quick tip, a simple merci and walked into the darkness He found a doorway and hid quietly in the darkness. The cab pulled up. She got out and the driver pulled her luggage out of the trunk. She thanked him. Linus stepped out of the shadows. ","Summary":" It was early afternoon as Linus slipped right through the doors of the concord into his first class"},{"Movie":"Sabrina, 1995","Title":"Save me, Sabrina Fair","Author":"SilverWolf338","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9679459","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Once upon a time, on the north shore of Long Island, not far from New York, there was a very, very large mansion- almost a castle- where there lived a family by the name of Larrabee. There were servants inside the mansion and servants outside the mansion. Boatmen to tend the boats and six crews of gardeners - two for the solarium the rest for the grounds and a tree surgeon on retainer. There were specialists for the indoor tennis courts and the outdoor tennis courts the outdoor swimming pool and the indoor swimming pool. And over the garage there lived a chauffeur by the name of Fairchild imported from England years ago together with a Rolls-Royce and a daughter named Sabrina.\" Linus had been putting away some of his brother's stuff when he heard someone knocking on the door. \"Come in,\" he gruffly said. \"I,\" a timid voice started, \"I came to say good-bye.\" \"What?\" he asked, startled and made his way out of the closet but stopped by the girl's voice. \"Don't come out,\" she pleaded, and Linus realized who it was. \"If I look at you, I might not be able to get through this.\" It was Sabrina, the chauffer's daughter. She was leaving for Paris tomorrow and it was known that she had a crush on his younger brother, David. He tried to interrupt her to let her know that she was talking to him and not his idiotic brother. \"Please don't say anything,\" she pleaded again, and he shut his mouth and waited patiently for her to say what she had to say. \"I'll be leaving tomorrow for Paris... and I 'll be away for a long time. I don't expect you to think about me while I'm gone, as you haven't thought about me while I was here.\" *Linus smirked* His brother certainly was oblivious to many things, Sabrina being one of them. \"I just want to say... I think I know you better than anybody else.\" That was true, Linus reflected, he had often seen Sabrina sitting in the tree, her eyes trained on David Larabee as he danced with his love of the week. \"I mean, whatever they think or say, I know the truth. That you're a wonderful person: kind, and generous, and... and for what it's worth, know that someone.. very far away is thinking of you. So if there's anything I can ever do-\" Linus had to interrupt now. \"Could you bring me one of those little Eiffel Tower paperweights?\" he asked, his demeanor serious, though he felt a little amusement at his way to break the moment. \"Oh my God!\" And with that, the chauffer's daughter ran out of his life for over a year, and when she came back, he found that she had grown up in everything except her choice in men. Of course, he had his own problems to deal with. And they all began with David. A/N: So… That's the start of my story here! I doubt that many people check this fandom, yet I can't help but adore this movie and wonder what Linus thought. So… Here's my version of his point of view![Chapter 2] Business was like it always was: busy. And the past year had been pretty normal, no curve-balls had come Linus' way so far, and he was content with that. \"Fairchild,\" Linus acknowledged to the chauffeur as he walked to the car and handed the driver his briefcase. The chauffeur murmured a greeting as well. Linus checked the time and pulled out his cellphone and was about to begin work when he heard his name being called. \"Hey Linus!\" It was his younger brother, David, running out to talk to him in... his tennis clothes. \"Got a minute?\" He stared at hm for a moment as he shook his head in disbelief before returning to punch in numbers on the phone. David was so carefree, what did he want now? \"David, does it ever occur to you that you're an officer of the Larrabee Corporation?\" he muttered to his brother who continued to speak. \"Listen, Linus, I met someone,\" he said. Linus almost rolled his eyes. When did David not meet someone? Particularly of the opposite sex. He continued to try and remind David where his true responsibilities lay. \"Do you recall the address of our building? It's 389 Park Avenue,\" Linus asked as he glanced up to meet eye contact with David. His brother was moving his head, as if trying to get Linus to focus on him. Linus was a multi-tasker, and he prided himself on that. He ducked his head back down as his brother persisted in trying to tell him about some girl. \"Hey, I'm not kidding,\" David said in a soft, cajoling manner, still trying to get his older brother's full attention. \"Your office is on the 48th floor,\" Linus replied, somewhat joking, but still serious. He noticed that David threw his hands up a bit in an act of exasperation. \"This is really somebody,\" David persisted. Finally, Linus looked up and stopped what he was doing on the phone for a moment. Why was David pestering him with his love life to this extent? Something was up. He took in a deep breath before responding. \"So what's the problem?\" \"Well, I've invited her over for dinner here Friday. And I just don't want you and mother-\" Linus grunted upon being insinuated that he and his mother were the same. \"Listen, this girl is smart, she's really smart.\" David's grin was triumphant at having surprised Linus. \"Well, that certainly hasn't come up before,\" Linus observed drily as he walked past his brother, still tapping numbers into the phone. David turned around to stay in pace with his brother. \"Listen, Linus, she's a real woman. She's not a, you know-\" \"Transvestite?\" Linus suggested absentmindedly as he tapped in numbers. \"She's not a bimbo. She's a doctor. Pediatrician actually,\" David's voice sounded smug as Linus finally stopped typing on his phone with an inward sigh. David was obviously intent on getting Linus to fully pay attention to him \"How did you meet her?\" he asked as he collapsed the antenna. \"I was at this party and the host's kid got sick with something. I rushed him over to Lennox Hill Emergency and she was the resident on duty and we just, we just hit it right off,\" David ended with a chuckle and a fond smile as he recalled meeting his \"sweetheart of the moment\" or so Linus dubbed the women in David's lives. Linus put his hands in his pocket along with the cellphone and looked back at the house for Maude. \"How'd the sick kid make out?\" Linus countered as he walked by David. He could hear a pause in David's story and internally smirked. His younger brother obviously did not pay much attention to the kid. \"Listen,\" David cleared his throat. \"When you guys meet her, just try to make me look good.\" Linus wheeled around to face his brother and looked past him to see if his mother had come out of the house yet. \"I mean, I know I look good, but, you know, try to make me sound good.\" Linus kept silent. \"Mention my accomplishments.\" He rolled his eyes and looked at the ground skeptically. \"My qualities. You can be creative.\" Linus looked at David with a still-confused face. \"Lie, okay?\" Linus let the corner of his mouth curl into a grin. \"She says her folks know you.\" \"What's her name?\" Linus asked, curious. \"Elizabeth Tyson.\" David said, still practicing swinging the tennis racket. Linus immediately became seriously. \"Tyson Electronics Tyson?\" he asked David, who seemed to pick up on Linus' new mood. \"Tyson, I don't know Tyson,\" David replied with a shrug, his expression innocent. \"Here's a toughie: which one works for a living?\" Maude said as she walked from the front door to the car. Linus walked to the other side of the car. \"Wow great hat, Mother,\" David said as he kissed his mother on the cheek. \"Good morning, blue eyes,\" Maude said with a chuckle, her voice filled with affection. Linus kept his irritation at bay, and brought the reason why David was talking to him back to the present. \"Bring her around, we'll try and make you look good,\" he said as he opened the car door. \"So you guys work Sundays now, huh?\" David asked, slightly amused. Linus looked at his brother in bitter disappointment. \"It's Wednesday, David.\" \"Guess what.\" Linus said as he typed on his computer. \"David's taking out Patrick Tyson's daughter.\" Maude looked at him over the newspaper. \"Well, well, well.\" was all she said. \"Yes sir?\" Mack said as she answered the phone. \"Mack, give me Harvey.\" Linus ordered as he reached back to take the phone in the car. \"Harvey.\" \"Harvey, I want you to start buying up chunks of Tyson stock.\" Linus was well aware of Maude's eyes on him. \"Not so much that anybody would notice. That's it.\" Linus sent his mother a smirk. \"I hope she doesn't look like Patrick.\" Maude murmured. \"For once your father didn't lie. You are lovely,\" Maude said grandly as she walked into the room. She always did like to make some sort of entrance. \"Thank you,\" Elizabeth said with a smile as she shook Maude's hand. \"I'm Maude.\" \"Pleasure,\" she said. \"Linus,\" he said as he shook her hand. \"I've heard a lot about you from my father.\" He 'ah'ed in acknowledgment and noted that David had his arm protectively around Elizabeth's waist. \"And you're really a doctor?\" Maude asked. \"No, he made that up,\" Elizabeth said with a chuckle. \"She was just promoted to assistant Head of Pediatrics,\" David informed his family. \" And I told her the hospital can count on us for a couple million dollars.\" He flashed Linus and Maude a smile. Linus grinned. \"David!\" Maude berated. \"Is he a world-class philanthropist or what?\" Linus said with a smile as he wrapped his arm around David's shoulders and shook him a little in part affection, part rebuttal. But thankfully, the dinner went well. Maude was completely charmed by Elizabeth, or maybe it was the possibility of the merger and his mother was just getting friendly with the Tyson's daughter. David burst into his office in the middle of a luncheon with Ron and Ron. \"Ron, Ron. I need to talk to you,\" David said as he glared at Linus. \"I'm in a meeting,\" Linus replied, stating the obvious, and glared right back at his brother for interrupting his work. \"When was the last time I came here?\" David asked, spreading his arms wide, gesturing the office. \"You're right,\" Linus said, sounding a little dazed. He looked at the two businessmen sitting across from him and gave them an apologetic look.\"Ron.\" He cleared his throat. \"Ron.\" David slammed the door shut behind them. Linus inwardly sighed and prepared himself for whatever David was angry about. \"I wondered why I was suddenly being treated with so much respect,\" his brother spit out the last word like it was from the sewers. \"Is something bothering you, David?\" Linus asked him as he leaned back in his chair. \"You've been pushing me into this relationship with Elizabeth so you could engineer a merger with Tyson.\" \"Wait a moment,\" Linus growled during David's little tirade. \" Pushing you? \" he exclaimed.\"I could burn in hell for the lies I told about you. You begged me to make you look good in front of Elizabeth.\" David argued. \"You never said a word about planning to make an offer to Patrick with-\" \"'Talk about my accomplishments,' you said. 'My qualities. Be creative.' 'Lie,' you said,\" Linus shot back. David puffed out a short exhale, a silent laugh, as if he almost didn't believe what was happening. \"I can't do this Linus,\" he confessed. \"I'm not ready to make this kind of commitment.\" \"Oh, I see. She must have asked for an actual wedding date,\" he mocked. \"I don't know what came over me. She was healing children. I was in a tuxedo.\" David looked at Linus. \"I'm not in any position to take care of a wife!\" Linus sighed. \"Elizabeth is a doctor and a millionaire, David. She won't be a burden,\" he reminded his brother wearily. \"You don't deserve her, but she appears to love you.\" \"Yeah, see, doesn't that worry you a little bit? I mean, about her mental health. It's...\" Linus chuckled. \"David,\" Linus said, a kind smile portrayed on his face. \"This is all just a coincidence.\" \"It's an opportunity,\" he corrected. \"'Opportunity.'\" David snorted in disbelief. \"What do you expect me to do?\" Linus demanded. \"Disqualify myself from a billion-dollar merger just because I might have family connections?\" He pulled out the gun from his drawer and shot at the T.V. \"What are you doing!?\" David yelled. \"It was just a question!\" Linus walked over to the T.V. \"Look at this thing, not a scratch,\" he commented to David, his hand briefly passing over the screen as if to reassure himself in the technology's invincibility. \"Is this some new way of changing the subject?\" Linus turned around to face his brother. \"No one in the world has a flat-panel screen this size, except Patrick Tyson, and the damn thing's indestructible. He's sitting on the hottest technology in town, and everyone on Wall Street knows it,\" he told David as he walked back to him. \"We've got so much competition on this merger that any advantage-!\" \"Wait a minute, Linus, you're talking about my life,\" David objected. \"I pay for your life, David! My life makes your life possible,\" Linus pointed out. \"I resent that,\" David snarled back. \"So do I! Look at yourself. You went to law school, you never took the bar. You went to business school, I can't get you anywhere near the office. You studied languages you don't speak. Instruments you don't play. You have a series of girlfriends you never see more than twice. Do you not see a pattern here?\" Linus asked, all of his exasperation coming out in his little speech. \"Who are you to lecture me about closeness?\" David contended. \"Your idea of a long-term relationship is giving your date a chance to order desert!\" \"I don't have time for desert. I'm too busy with this company,\" Linus stated as he sat down in his chair. \"You're a grown man, David. Finish something.\" There was a pause before Linus reminded David of what he had once said to Linus. \"Elizabeth Tyson's the best thing that ever happened to you. And you told me so yourself.\" The Tyson's had graciously invited over their in-law family for dinner. David was still irritated with Linus, but it was nothing that Linus couldn't handle. His attention was drawn to Patrick when he clinked his glass to gather everyone's attention to him. \"I would like to propose a toast,\" Patrick Tyson said as he stood. \"To my baby girl, Dr. Elizabeth Tyson, talented MD. And to my future son-in-law, David Larrabee, lucky SOB.\" Laughter flitted around the room. \"Just kidding David.\" Patrick continued on with his toast. \"No, we're all very lucky. We're very lucky. Not only is this the joining forever of two gorgeous people, but two gorgeous companies.\" \"Hear, hear,\" Linus murmured as he raised his glass a little higher. He felt David staring at him and met his eyes coolly across the table. His gaze flickered a bit. Perhaps he did feel a little bad about how he was practically using his brother's relationship with the daughter of a technological giant, but he couldn't allow feelings to get in the way of business. They were useless in this world, that was one lesson he had learned the hard way. \"I want to wish you all the luck and happiness you deserve and: 'May your first child, be a masculine child.'\" Linus was taken back. Were they already planning on children? \"It's from Serpico,\" Mrs. Tyson said. \"Nahsimeyento! Tell Yoshi to bring Port de Bello.\" \"Ahora?\" the waiter asked. \"Oui!\" she replied. \"You're quite a linguist,\" remarked Linus as he leaned towards her, his lower arm resting on the table. \"Yes,\" she said with a smile. \"I traveled a lot before I married Patrick. I was a stewardess.\" \"Now they call them flight attendants,\" Linus said. \"Oh really? Well I bet I could still get your seat back in the upright position.\" Linus rehearsed* her words again in his head, and when a meaning struck him, his eyes shot up, almost meeting his hairline, and pulled away. \"Whenever they try to be funny, it comes out perverse, or terrifying,\" Linus overheard Elizabeth saying to David. He replied and chuckled. \"You'll get used to it,\" she said. Linus inwardly groaned, why not add a little more apprehension to the already anxious David? \"Hey,\" Linus said from the doorway. \"Hey, what are you doing?\" David asked. Linus was rarely at the house, after all, he had an apartment in the city. It was more efficient that way. \"Drove out with Maude. I have to be here for her birthday party, might as well stay over.\" It would be a waste of driving back out to New York when she would be doing the same the next day. \"Yeah? What'd you get her?\" \"Portable fax machine.\" David threw an ice cube out into the lawn. \"You sentimental fool,\" he said sarcastically. \"Hey, it's easy for you,\" Linus said. \"She's so glad you finally set a date, you'll never have to buy another present.\" He wondered why that was so. Why Maude was so glad. Going back to Patrick's toast, he wondered if Maude wanted grandchildren, and that's why she was so ecstatic. \"'s not what she say,\" David replied wearily*. \"I got her a little Picasso, having it wrapped in town.\" \"What did that cost me?\" Linus asked David. \"I don't know!\" David said, as if he was surprised that Linus would ask such a thing. \"So who's the new bidder on Tyson? Unisat?\" \"And a couple of other companies,\" Linus said, eying David warily. \"Cash or stock options?\" he asked. Linus tousled his brother's shoulders. \"I love it when you talk dirty.\" A maid ran in front of them, after a little white blurb that was yapping away. \"Come back here!\" she yelled, then paused a moment before bowing as she jogged, \"Excuse me.\" \"What's that?\" Linus asked, eyes wide. \"Uh, dog.\" I know that, David. \" But... Why?\" Exasperation was evident in his voice, work was getting busier and harder with a merger coming up. But that wasn't the point. Who would get a Larrabee a dog ? \"Ah, it's Elizabeth's gift to Mother. She feels guilty about missing the party. She's stuck at some UCLA seminar,\" David explained. \"I gotta go pick up Maude's present. I want you to know something, Linus. I'm glad about Elizabeth.\" \"You should be. She's terrific. She's smart, independent, pretty as hell.\" \"Why don't you marry her?\" David asked. Don't you even think about it , Linus thought. Besides she loves you... \"Go on!\" he shooed David. \"I'm kidding. Kidding.\" David said as he walked into the house, although the last remark had sounded like he was trying to convince himself, not Linus. Linus saw David's car pull up into the driveway, along with another passenger. Immediately, he knew who was in the car with David. The chauffeur's daughter was due any day now, and today appeared to be the day. His eyes narrowed, there was something off about the two. Well, he would just have to investigate what was going on. He abruptly walked outside to his car, which just so happened to contain the birthday present for Maude contained in its trunk. \"Hello, Sabrina,\" he said in a business-like manner. \"Hello, Linus,\" she said. Her voice was still the same, Linus mused, though the rest of her certainly changed. Her demeanor even. \"S-sabrina?\" David said. \"Have a good time in Paris?\" Linus asked. \"Yes, thank you,\" she said, her eyes never leaving David's face. Linus felt a flash of annoyance at being ignored, no matter how innocent it was, it felt like he was being put second, once more, to David. \"Sabrina?\" David repeated. \"You look all grown up,\" Linus observed, and it was the truth. The girl who was always in the tree, had finally become a beautiful flower. Although its petals seemed to be a little shorter than what they used to be. \"Sabrina!?\" David exclaimed. \"Why does he keep saying that?\" Linus asked. Honestly, how had his idiotic brother not known who he was driving home. Unless he had just been picking up a pretty face, Linus felt anger rise in him. There was no way that David's feelings had just turned from being satisfied with Elizabeth to longing to be with Sabrina, right? \"Um, I-I need to go find my father. I'll get my bags later!\" Sabrina said as she started to walk away. \"Uh wait a minute!\" David called after her. \"Thanks for the ride!\" she replied as she ran away. She didn't even look at me. \"David,\" Linus sharply said. His brother looked at him. \"No.\" \"What are you talking about? I was just-\" he tried to justify what happened. \"No!\" Linus commanded. He felt angry at David. You are not going to blow this for me. ","Summary":" \"Once upon a time, on the north shore of Long Island, not far from New York, there was a very, ver"},{"Movie":"Catch Me If You Can, 2002","Title":"I'm Sick of You (Please Don't Leave)","Author":"CrystalWolfShining","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11969887","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This was a request, from over a year ago. I have no excuse, except I just kept forgetting about it. I've had the thing written up for months, I just haven't uploaded it. It's been two days. Normally, Carl would have let Frank get over whatever bug he had caught on his own, but he had only seems to get worse. Carl's eyes flicked up from his typewriter as Frank cleared his throat. A few minutes later, the boy coughed into his arm. \"You okay, Frank?\" Frank gave him one of his polite smiles. \"My throat's just a little dry.\" Carl leveled an unimpressed look at him. \"You're sick.\" Frank looked down at the papers he was working through. \"I'm fine.\" Carl rolled his eyes. \"You're sick, you should take the day off.\" Frank didn't reply, and Carl thought that was the end of it. Until the kid showed up the next day, with flushed cheeks and a cough that was persistent and apparent. An impressive feat, considering the boy lived with him and Carl distinctly remembered leaving him at home with a cup of water, two Aspirin pills, and a mug of warm soup. Carl took one look at him and stood up. This, unfortunately, caught Frank's eye, and he made a quick U-turn. Somehow, that was the closest he had managed to get to the con all day. They share desk space. It shouldn't be possible for him to disappear so quickly, much less completely avoid him. He even thought that he had seen Frank a couple times, but he disappeared too quickly to be sure. It was infuriating. Until now, when he had definitely found the boy. Carl cringed before rapping on the stall door. \"Frank I know you're in here, open the door.\" There was a long moment of silence before Carl once again cringed at the sound of someone- Frank- being sick. Awkwardly listening to the sound of retching, Carl's eyes flicked back up when the door opened. Frank leaned heavily on the stall, face flushed and eyes slightly glassy. With a gentle hand, Carl grabbed him around the bicep. \"Come on, I'll take you home.\" To his credit, Frank managed to only look a little miserable as he was lead out, shaking off Carl's hand to walk out on his own. After stopping by their desk to pick up their things, Carl told the secretary that neither he nor Frank would be in for the rest of the day or tomorrow. Frank squinted in the sunlight outside, despite his coat shivering in the brisk spring chill. He wordlessly walked to Carl's car, not putting up a fuss anymore. Starting the car, Carl looked over. Frank was slouched uncharacteristically, looking out the window. Within minutes, he had slipped into a doze. Frank jolted into wakefulness as the car stopped. He blinked a few times, slightly confused until he got his bearings. Carl opened the door, reaching in behind the seat to get their briefcases while Frank shifted himself to stand. Frank followed behind Carl as he opened the door and turned on the lights. He motioned for Frank to sit on the couch before walking off, leaving him in the den. Frank found himself looking at the house that he and Carl inhabited. There were some noticeable spaces on the walls where picture frames used to be. The furniture and few knickknacks visible attempted to lend the sparse area a lighter touch, obviously not Carl's. Frank looked up as Carl came back, arms laden with blankets. The other man piled a few on top of him, and Carl shucked his shoes to pull his feet up. \"If you hadn't come in, you could have kept the heat on.\" Carl shot a reproachful look at Frank as he spoke. He squirmed, his cheeks flushed for a reason other than fever. Carl left again, fetching a thermometer. \"Open up, Frank.\" Too tired to protest, Frank opened his mouth, feeling patronized as Carl put the thermometer in. Frank blinked tiredly at Carl as he once again left. It wasn't long before Carl came back to see Frank laying against the pillow on the end of the couch, thermometer almost falling out of his mouth as he softly snored. Carl took the precariously positioned thermometer before tucking the blankets closer around the other man. Frank blinked his eyes open as he was shaken. Carl was crouched in front of him, sans coat and shoes. \"Do you want soup? Or do you want to change into comfortable clothes first? Frank took a moment to think. \"Clothes,\" he croaked, wincing. Standing shakily, he took the bundle from Carl and changed in the bathroom. A few minutes later, he returned in pajamas that were a bit too large for him, just as he liked it. Carl had brought out the TV trays and set one up next to the couch, a steaming bowl atop it. Frank walked over and sat on the couch, arranging the blankets. Carl carefully picked up the tray and shifted it in front of Frank, soup and all. Frank looked at the soup and, despite his sour stomach, it looked good. There were beans and chunks of chicken and what looked like cooked celery and carrots. It smelled good, too. \"Careful, it's hot.\" Frank looked up as Carl sat down on the couch, scooting the tray to him, trying not to catch it on the carpet. Frank carefully started in on his soup, savoring it, enjoying the taste as much as he could. They ate in silence, save for the clinking of silverware and the occasional cough. \"Frank.\" Frank didn't look at Carl, as he had not looked at him for the duration of their meal. \"Frank, why didn't you stay home?\" There was silence and Carl was starting to think Frank was ignoring him. \"In France, they locked me up like an animal. Worse,\" Frank's voice was croaky, \"The only time someone came was when they brought me food. I was alone,\" Frank's voice cracked, \"And when I sleep, I'm alone. On the weekends, when you're gone, I can go out and do things, be around people. I can handle it. But staying here, not doing anything, while you go to work…\" Carl didn't say anything. He just nodded, hardly noticed since neither of them were looking at each other. Then he took their empty bowls, leaving Frank to curl up and pull the blankets up around him. He had almost drifted off again when he felt a touch at his elbow. Carl held out a couple of pills and a glass. \"For your fever.\" Slightly annoyed at having to move, Frank took the pills before washing them down with water. Carl put the glass on the end table next to the couch. Frank startled as Carl sat down next to him, much closer than before, and put on his reading glasses. He flipped open a book, curling his feet up under him. Frank laid back down to sleep, his feet lightly touching Carl's thigh. When he next opened his eyes, Carl was still there under a blanket of his own, asleep against the other pillow. ","Summary":" This was a request, from over a year ago. I have no excuse, except I just kept forgetting about it."},{"Movie":"Catch Me If You Can, 2002","Title":"Le Paradoxe sorite","Author":"Machaon's Apprentice","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12390500","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ce texte a été écrit dans le cadre d'une Nuit du FOF. Il fallait, en une heure, écrire sur le thème \"origine\". Le Paradoxe sorite Ou : Combien de succès font une carrière ? « Salt Lake City. ‒ Non, il ira plutôt à Syracuse. Qu'est-ce qu'il ferait à Salt Lake City ? ‒ Se cacher ! Il a amplement prouvé qu'il était loin d'être idiot. Il aura compris qu'il lui faut faire profil bas. Il a beaucoup plus de chance de se fondre dans le décor en choisissant la ville la plus grande. ‒ Sans compter qu'il est new-yorkais », intervint Susan. Elle jeta, comme d'habitude, un regard anxieux à John et à Carl après avoir pris la parole, mais carrait déjà les épaules pour mieux défendre son opinion. Elle évitait soigneusement de poser les yeux sur Frank, pourtant le seul dans l'histoire à ne pas partager son point de vue. Carl donnerait cher pour savoir ce qui se jouait exactement entre ces deux-là, parce que s'il était clair qu'ils se tournaient autour, aucune observation n'avais pu lui fournir de conclusion définitive sur l'état de leur relation. (Il soupçonnait fortement Frank, qui se doutait certainement de son intérêt, de prendre volontairement garde à ne rien laisser deviner.) Elle poursuivit, attention fixée sur la carte, bleuâtre et rendue un peu floue par la saleté du rétroprojecteur : « Il a l'habitude des grandes villes, il sait utiliser leur environnement à son avantage. Il n'a aucune raison de se mettre en difficulté en visant Syracuse. » Frank pinça brièvement les lèvres, une moue que Carl avait appris à interpréter : elle trahissait clairement le « je pense que mes supérieurs hiérarchiques ont tort mais je n'estime pas la situation assez grave pour faire l'effort de les convaincre avec mon plus beau sourire ». Quoique, bien entendu, avec Frank, toute expression que vous pouviez traduire devenait deux fois suspecte. « Justement, il ne connait que les métropoles. Il ne se rend pas compte de la différence que ça représente, de la difficulté qu'il aurait à s'intégrer. » Carl revit un village français dans le froid de décembre, des murs assez épais pour couper de tout et une porte, mal isolée, à travers laquelle filtrait par bribes la messe de minuit, mais il se ressaisit. Ce n'était pas le moment et Frank venait de poser la main sur le bord gris du rétroprojecteur, actio de l'orateur bien engagée : il devait prendre la situation plus au sérieux que Frank ne l'avait d'abord cru. « La seule chose qu'il nous a prouvée pour le moment, c'est qu'il est chanceux. La carte de loto n'était pas truquée, il est aussi joueur qu'il est ingénieux. Ça veut dire qu'il marche à l'instinct, d'abord. Et maintenant qu'il cherche à se replier, Syracuse lui paraîtra beaucoup plus isolée que Salt Lake, beaucoup plus accueillante. » John et Susan se tournèrent vers Carl. Frank n'avait d'yeux que pour Susan. (Il ne fallait sans doute pas en tirer trop de conclusions, il savait pour obtenir gain de cause feindre l'indifférence tout autant que le reste.) Ce n'était pas la première fois que ce genre d'argument se reproduisait. Qu'ils réfléchissaient tous au plan génial que concoctait leur faussaire, celui qui lui permettrait d'asseoir sa fortune criminelle tout en se plaçant définitivement hors de leur portée, tandis que Frank se contentait de calculer son prochain coup le plus probable, en fonction des circonstances. Il prit sa décision : « Envoyons deux agents à l'aéroport de Salt Lake City. » Ils pensaient tous, les chefs et les collègues, et le répétaient assez souvent, que l'arrestation de Frank – ça n'enlève rien à ton mérite, hein, Karl, ce n'est pas comme si quelqu'un d'autre avait su en profiter – avait été rendue possible par une erreur de sa part, une de ces négligences de l'orgueil qui perdait toujours les grands vauriens. Mais ce que Carl avait fini par comprendre, c'était que la gaffe, si véritablement elle avait été commise, remontait à bien plus tôt. L'erreur, dans la trajectoire météoritique de Frank, n'était pas ce qui avait causé la chute, c'était ce qui avait précipité l'ascension. Elle ne tenait qu'à son premier succès : ce moment où un gamin qui bricolait un faux chèque, au lieu de voir son retrait refusé, roula sa première banque ; réussite qui ouvrit à l'ambition presqu'ordinaire une carrière presqu'imprévue. Car force était de le reconnaître, en ce qui concernait ses propres forgeries comme quand il s'agissait de prédire les mouvements de leurs suspects, Frank se trompait rarement. Carl poursuivit donc : « Je vais téléphoner au commandant de police de Syracuse. » En d'autres termes : Malcom DeWitt le joueur de loto serait à Syracuse, Carl ne risquait pas d'entrer de sitôt dans la confidence de Susan et s'il n'y prenait pas garde, il allait se faire supplanter à son travail par le blanc-bec tout sauf innocent qu'il venait de sortir de la prison où il l'avait lui-même collé. ","Summary":" Ce texte a été écrit dans le cadre d'une Nuit du FOF. Il fallait, en une heure, écrire sur le thème"},{"Movie":"Catch Me If You Can, 2002","Title":"perpignan prison","Author":"heavenlygothicgirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7540081","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Perpignan Prison So afraid, so lonely Where am I, who am I Pain is the only feeling I know The only feeling that tells me I'm alive How long has it been Since I was in the outside world Is there a world beyond this darkness Cold claws scratch at my body making me shiver The darkness is ever widening never leaving my soul The only sign of life is the light that fills this hole From my captors world through the portal The demons that supply comfort Snatch it away from my dying hands The world I once knew is gone So I fall into the darkness that swarms around me And I go to the bliss I once knew Till I wake to the nightmare that is now my life ","Summary":" Perpignan Prison So afraid, so lonely Where am I, who am I Pain is the only feeling I know The only"},{"Movie":"Catch Me If You Can, 2002","Title":"Catching My Heart","Author":"Wonderland Beauty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7236374","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Catch Me If You Can\" is definitely one of my favorite films! I actually started a story that was loosely based off of it about two years ago, but I don't remember what it's called, so I can't exactly find it on my computer! Well, this fanfic is based off of \"Catch Me If You Can\" and somewhat like the book I wrote two years ago! I hope you like it! Enjoy! Claire stood on the side of the curb, waiting for a taxi to arrive. Claire just got back home from Illinois, visiting her sick aunt that lived there. Sixteen years old and practically living on her own, Claire had the world at her feet. Her mother was superbly rich, but when she decided to marry Claire's father, her parents refused to give their daughter anything. Claire's mother lost her fortune and name, but she didn't lose her love for Claire's father. But, as Claire and her little sister, Sam, began to grow up, their parents lost faith in almost everything except family. They lost their jobs and their large home, and with little help from Claire's grandparents, everyone helped out around their small little apartment. Sam continued to learn in school, since she was only twelve years old, but she did little side jobs around the town to gain some extra money. Mother and Father usually didn't except it, giving most of it back to Sam to spend on herself. Claire quit school, taking the job as a waitress and some jobs in the local bookstore. Claire was tutored in school by one of her closest friends, Mike. Mike would come to their house everyday after school and teach Claire whatever his teachers taught him and give her copies of his homework so she could practice. Claire didn't know how she would go to college like she wished, but somehow she would make. She could feel it. Now today, Claire was behind on her schoolwork and job by two weeks. Her life became so stressful that she always felt like running away, but she couldn't, she knew it was leave everyone devastated. This was a part of life, so she was learning it, just earlier than most of her friends. As Claire waited for another cab to come, the clouds started to dim into a dark gray, showing that New York was about to receive rain. Claire was considering walking away and forgetting about trying to get a cab, but she shook her head. She needed to get home and talk to her boss. How else would she get there? No matter what she though, Claire never expected that this little choice would bring her on the biggest thrill of her life. Frank Abagnale Jr. whistled happily as he traveled down the street, proud of his new scam on becoming a co-pilot for PANAM airways. Frank took the name Frank Taylor to conceive his identity and he was proud of it. With amazing abilities, he was only seventeen and he was doing all of this. The only other person that knew this was his father, but he was discreet about a lot of details. As of now, Frank was happy. He never truly regretted running away from his home when he discovered his parents were getting divorced. He knew this was for the best and he was enjoying it. One problem came along the way: rain started to fall. It was pouring, so Frank pulled out an umbrella that he bought just in case of all of this. He carried his briefcase with one hand and held the umbrella up with the other. As he continued down the sidewalk, he closed up on the airport, three hours earlier. He had nothing else to do, so he headed down there. He made a good choice since it begun to rain and now he could stay dry most of the time. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a figure standing still in the rain as cars dispersed. Frank stopped abruptly, someone slamming behind him. Frank never once looked at the old woman that cursed at him, his eyes lay on the young girl that was standing in the rain, staring at the floor as she held the suitcase, letting the rain pour down over her. Her back was toward him, but he could see that she had thick wavy dark brown hair and she was tall for her age. Somehow, he could also recognize that she was his age since she was dressed in a skirt with stockings rising to her knees, a trench coat reaching almost to the bottom of her skirt. Frank felt something wrenching his heart, a feeling that was drawing him closer to this mysterious girl. The girl must have felt it too because she turned around, staring at the handsome young pilot that was keeping his eyes fully on her. Frank realized that she had bright green eyes that sparkled from the reflection of raindrops. Her face was thin with light cheekbones and a perfect little nose, complimenting her full lips. Frank's eyes were on her, never once stealing away from her beauty. The girl took in Frank's dark blonde hair that fell in face and sky blue eyes that smiled proudly. Frank was tall, but only taller than her by a few inches. He was lean but looked full of strength beneath the clothes that were hiding them. Frank noticed that the girl started shivering, so instantly, he flew to her side. \"Are you okay, Miss?\" \"Yeah, fine,\" the girl answered, her face not seeming so sure. \"Let me take you inside, I'll buy you some coffee to warm you up,\" Frank ushered, hoping to get her out of this cold. She took one last glance at the parking lot, knowing no other cabs were going to come. She gave up and allowed him to pull her inside. Pulling her close to him, so she was covered by rain, made each of their hearts pound, but neither of them noticed. Frank's hands were strong on her arms and it made her flutter. Frank slowly moved his hand down her arm so she could move it freely, and left it on her waist. Both of them had a strong feeling tug at their heart, but each one ignored it. Frank threw his umbrella onto the floor when they got inside, knowing he wasn't going to be back in New York for a while, rushing her to the café that lay inside the airport. Frank bought them coffee and sat next to her at the table. He held out his hand for her after she took her coffee. \"Frank Taylor,\" he introduced. Her smile was small and sweet, but Frank couldn't help but grin. \"Claire Churchill.\" Frank gave his captivating grin, a grin that could get him anything he wanted. \"Claire is a pretty name.\" \"Thanks,\" Claire said, sipping her coffee, trying not to stare at Frank's beautiful face and handsome uniform. \"My father chose my name.\" \"Did your mother have any choice?\" Frank laughed, enjoying the little story. Even Claire gave a little chuckle. \"Yeah, she got to choose my middle name because that's the name she wanted to originally name me, but dad said no.\" \"What's your middle name?\" \"Rosalind.\" Frank smiled, his white teeth sparkling. \"Pretty as well.\" Claire gave a small smile. \"So, I see you are a pilot?\" \"Co-pilot,\" Frank corrected, eating a cookie. \"What do you do for a living?\" Claire laughed louder than she expected. \"What don't I do? I am a waitress and my side job is working at a town bookstore. I have absolutely no time for school, so I dropped out and my friend, Mike, comes to my house after school to tutor me in whatever he learns about in school. I help pay the bills. I help buy groceries though my boss allows me to eat some of the leftover food from the kitchens so it will pay less to buy dinner for my family. I typically work ninety-two hours a week just to help keep the house over our heads and food on our table. My mother works in a jewelry store that doesn't get many customers and my father is still looking for a job. My little sister is only twelve, so of course she has to stay in school. I'm the only one that is getting good work and pay in my family. I never had a choice, my parents needed so much help that they forced me to drop out of school and work.\" Frank stared at her, dumbfounded. His family was in the same situation, but his parents got a divorce and he left. How could someone possibly force their kid to stop learning and work a full-time job? Frank couldn't understand it. He was curious how old she really was while she did all of this. \"How old are you, anyway?\" \"Sixteen. My birthday isn't for another five months.\" Sixteen? Frank was surprised. I'm a year older than she is? She looks older than me at least. \"How old are you?\" Claire asked, sipping more of her coffee. Frank opened his mouth, ready to say he was seventeen. Then, he stopped himself. He almost forgot that he changed his birth year ten years older than he really was. \"A little older than you, darling,\" Frank chuckled, gazing up at her from the top of his eyes. \"Try me,\" Claire answered, coyly. \"Ten years older than you at least,\" Frank muttered, wishing he could really tell her how old he was. He'd gladly ask her out on a date. \"Ha ha! You think that's too old? My father's parents are twenty years apart!\" Claire laughed, loudly. \"Seriously?\" Frank found that actually gross, but it may have been good for the guy if she was a younger, hot girl. \"Yeah. Apparently, his sperm is really good,\" Claire grinned, wickedly. Frank almost choked up his drink. Did she really just say that? \"Wow, you have a dirty little mouth for a sixteen year old.\" \"When your best friend is a guy and you are a waitress for adults, you hear many things.\" Frank gazed at her. She was extraordinary. Claire was different than most girls he met. She was honest and she never held anything back. She didn't seem scared of anything, except reality. Frank felt like Claire was much older and wiser than any kid he knew. \"You said you have a little sister?\" Frank asked, curious to learn more about her. \"Yeah, Sam. Sam's a funny little sister, but she is annoying as hell. Most of the time I feel like punching her in the face,\" Claire said, speaking her mind. Silence followed until Frank roared. Claire glanced at him, puzzled. Frank was cracking up so hard that he could barely breath. Claire placed a hand on his shoulder, looking him straight in the eyes. \"Are you okay?\" Her voice cracked and her eyes were worried. She thought he was choking. \"I'm fine,\" Frank spoke between breaths. \"I just have never heard a girl say something like that.\" Claire beamed at him. \"I'm not every other girl.\" Clearly , Frank thought. You are so much better. With a sudden urge, Frank glanced at the clock and realized it was almost his flight. He abruptly stood up, making Claire jump in surprise. \"What's wrong?\" \"My flight is leaving in ten minutes!\" Frank exclaimed, taking Claire's hand and leading her down the airport. \"Um…why are you taking me along? I just got off the planes,\" Claire wondered aloud. \"I guess I want to say good bye to you before I leave.\" Claire's heart skipped a beat. He wants me to be the last person he says good bye to? Frank led them to the ticket pick-up, where the clerk told him that he was late and he had to hurry. Frank took her hand again as they ran to his terminal. When they arrived, the lady concluded his ticket and Frank turned to Claire. Claire gently smiled up at him, thinking of what to say. Instead of speaking, she stood up on the tip of her toes and kissed him on the cheek. Frank touched his cheek and gawked at her. \"What was that for?\" \"For being my knight in glimmering armor,\" Claire whispered in his ear. \"Don't you mean shining?\" Frank questioned, stunned. Claire shook her head. \"Nope. Glimmering.\" Frank smiled. \"Well, I'll be back in New York sometime soon.\" \"Hopefully I can see you again,\" Claire spoke as Frank began to walk down the terminal. \"Look me up in the phone book!\" As Frank walked down the terminal toward the entrance of the plane, his mind was running. This was the first time he found a girl that was different, amazing. He has been going through this check fraud thing for almost a year and now he had a chance to escape and try it with someone special. Frank's pace began to slow as his thoughts clung onto Claire. Then, he stopped. Why am I running away? I have a shot at finding someone who could possibly make this all stop! Where am I going? Frank spun around, dropping all of his belongings, and started running back to the entrance of the terminal. He wasn't giving this up now! He knew he just couldn't! But when he got to the entrance, the lady just finished closing the doors, which meant the plane was about to leave. Full of loss and uncertainty, Frank picked up his things and entered the plane. He found his place in the front of the plane, waiting for an unexpected ride that scared him almost half to death, but he got use to it. Not knowing what to do because he was depressed, he found the stewardess that seemed flirtatious to him. So, he decided to win her over to try and get Claire off his mind. \"Did you drop this?\" Frank asked her, holding up a gold necklace that he bought previously. She smiled in awe as he put it around her neck. That night, after they got off the plane, they had a night full of 'fun' in the hotel room. Yes, Frank slept with this random stewardess, but Claire never once left his mind. Tell me what you think! Please, please, please review! I love them with all my heart! :) ","Summary":" \"Catch Me If You Can\" is definitely one of my favorite films! I actually started a story that was"},{"Movie":"Sabrina, 1995","Title":"Sabrina and the Green - Eyed Monster","Author":"Sara K M","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12207458","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sabrina and the Green – Eyed Monster Disclaimer: I don't own Sabrina. (And that applies to the 1995 and the 1954 version.) This story takes place after \"Another Larrabee Party,\" if you are interested. But it's not necessary for you to read that story in order to understand this one. Sabrina Larrabee stared at the front door of their penthouse apartment again. Her husband Linus still wasn't home yet. This was the fourth night in a row that he was late. Linus was slipping into his workaholic habits again. With a sigh, she crossed the living room and made her way into the large kitchen, deciding to find something that could be made quickly. Sabrina rummaged around and found meat that took an hour to cook. She found sauces and glazes that would make the food take even longer. She shook her head. Linus usually made dinner, especially when it came to the complicated dishes. When they were first married, it had been a huge surprise to Sabrina that Linus Larrabee was a great cook. She knew he had made the clams for their Martha's Vineyard picnic, but that was one dish. It turned out he had a couple of favorites besides the clams which were blueberry glazed ham and marinated steak. Since coming to Paris, he'd also tried cooking many of the French dishes as well. Many evenings in the past few years, Linus could be found flipping through old cookbooks for new recipes. Cooking had become his favorite hobby. Sabrina crossed to the other side of the room where the cupboards were. Apparently work was now his preferred hobby once again. She slammed on of the cupboard doors in frustration, after finding nothing she could use there. She sighed and looked around the kitchen again. It had been decorated with Linus in mind, since he was the one who spent the most time here. Hardwood floors, deep brown cupboards, and beige counter – tops looked back at Sabrina. The brown reminded her of her husband's eyes. Finally, Sabrina pulled out a can of soup that she could heat up for her and her six – year – old daughter, Annabelle. It wasn't a fancy dinner, but it would do for now. After all, it was almost 7:00PM. She was hungry. There would be no more waiting for Linus. After putting the soup on the stove, Sabrina returned to the living room to sit in the lime green glider in the corner. Across the room was a large forest green sofa and in the other corner was a black easy chair which was of course, empty. Because Linus still wasn't home yet. In the center of the room was a gas – run fire place with a forest green mantle and a lime green rug at the foot of it. On the opposite of side of the fireplace was a small child – sized rocker and easy chair for Annabelle. In the back of the room were double doors that lead out to a nice balcony/deck. Sabrina picked up a parenting magazine and began thumbing through it while she waited for the soup to cook. And for Linus to come home eventually. Several minutes later, Sabrina stood up in anger and frustration and began pacing around the living room. The room was also decorated with pictures, of course. Sabrina enjoyed taking pictures for herself just as much as she did working for Vogue. And there was no subject she enjoyed more than her own the mantelpiece were several small pictures of Annabelle, starting when she was only a year old and ending with the girl showing her six – year – old grin. Behind the sofa, on a table, were three pictures of Sabrina's father, Thomas Fairchild. In one of them he was by himself. In another he was holding Annabelle. The third showed him with Sabrina's stepmother, Johanna. On the wall were several photographs as well. To the right were a couple larger pictures of Linus. One was a silhouette, looking over the balcony of their apartment. The other was a full – face picture of her husband with a huge smile on his face, complete with those adorable crinkles she loved so much. In the center was a nice family photograph of Sabrina, Linus, and a four – year – old Annabelle. It was one of the few pictures she hadn't taken herself. On the left was a couple of pictures of Linus and Annabelle as well as Sabrina and Linus's wedding photo, with the Larrabee Estate in the background. On a different wall was a large photograph of the Seine River. \"What am I going to do with you Linus?\" she almost growled at the pictures. Of course the photographs of Linus didn't respond. They just grinned back at her like nothing was wrong. Finally, the soup was done and Sabrina poured it into two bowls and set them at the small table in the corner of the kitchen. There was no point in using the dining room if it was only the two of them and they were only eating canned soup. \"Annabelle,\" Sabrina called down the hallway to the playroom where she knew her daughter had been playing. \"Supper!\" A couple of minutes later, Annabelle arrived into the kitchen and looked at the table setting and the soup. \"No Papa?\" she asked, with her lower lip trembling. \"No, Papa,\" Sabrina confirmed, sighing. \"Je manqué Papa,*\" Annabelle grumbled, staring at the bowl of soup without touching it. Because they lived in Paris but her family was English, Annabelle switched back and forth between the two languages. \"Supper is more fun with him here. He makes food exiting .\" \"I know,\" Sabrina replied, gently playing with her daughter's long brown hair as she talked. \"But we need to eat before it gets too late.\" She took a bite of soup to prove her point to her daughter. \"Aren't you hungry, Sweetheart?\" \"I guess,\" Annabelle sighed, taking a small bite of soup. As Sabrina ate her soup she decided tomorrow if Linus wasn't home by five o'clock, she would go to his office and drag him home. They had a nanny for Annabelle, after all. It's shouldn't be too much trouble to ask Karoline to stay a little later. OOOOOOOOOOO Sure enough, when Sabrina arrived home the next afternoon at five o'clock, Linus still wasn't home. After instructing Karoline to stay with Annabelle, who was happily setting up some dominoes, Sabrina set out. It was a nice spring afternoon with no rain, so she tried to relax a little as she walked. Strolling around Paris was one of her favorite things to do, after all. Still, it was difficult when she thought of the reason she was walking in the first place. Because Linus was still in his office instead of at home where he belonged. She knew he could be a bit of a perfectionist, but hadn't he told her he didn't want to only work anymore? That he wanted to \"live?\" as she had put it after their first day together, back in New York? He wasn't even in charge of his family's company anymore. His brother David handled that from New York and Linus had admitted David seemed to be doing well. The only business Linus controlled was the Larrabee Bank in Paris. How much work could one bank be? Sabrina shook her head as she turned the corner that the Larrabee Bank was on. Once again she tried to soak in the atmosphere of promenading around Paris. A pigeon flew by over her head. An older woman walked by with a poodle on a leash. The wind blew a little and Sabrina tightened her jacket around herself. A few minutes later, a car flew by. Eventually she reached the building. As Sabrina rode the elevator to the top of the Larrabee Bank, she thought about what she would say to Linus. \"Have you forgotten your family?\" maybe? Or how about, \"What happened to 'living' Linus?\" Maybe, \"There's more to life than work. I thought you knew that by now?\" She climbed out of the elevator and was prepared to march into his office to let him have it. And then she saw him talking to a twenty – five – year – old with long blonde hair and an extremely short skirt through the office window. Since his secretary wasn't in her usual place at her desk right outside his office, Sabrina figured the woman must be her. Linus had mentioned he had received a new secretary recently, hadn't he? Somehow Sabrina hadn't expected her to be so young and beautiful. Not that it mattered, of course. Linus had never been interested in other women. Still, the woman seemed talking to Linus quite excitedly from the sound of her voice and the way her hands flew in the air. Was this girl the reason why her husband was so late the past few nights? Was this secretary encouraging him to stay later? It made sense. After all, Linus hadn't had problems staying night after night since they'd left New York City almost nine years ago. Perhaps it was the girl that Sabrina should talk to, instead. As Sabrina pondered what to say to the clerk, she suddenly heard something that made her stop in her tracks, she was so surprised. Linus's laughter. His rich, warm laugh traveled through the open door and right to the entryway where Sabrina was standing. Linus was normally a very serious person, especially at work. How was this girl, this… secretary able to make him laugh like that? Not just a chuckle but a full laugh? Sabrina had always thought she and Annabelle were the only ones who could cause him to do that. Well, for some reason, the secretary had done so. Now what should Sabrina do about it? A part of her wanted to continue with her plan to march into Linus's office and announce that she was Linus's wife and they were going home. Now. And if the young woman had any more jokes to tell, she could say them after Linus had left, thank you very much. But something stopped her. It was silly, but Sabrina couldn't help but wonder why the clerk had made Linus laugh. Could it be because he was interested in her? She was…quite pretty after all. Was this the real reason why her husband had been late the last few nights? Because he wanted to spend more time with his new secretary? Were her jokes and teasing better than Sabrina's? As she continued to deliberate these horrible thoughts, she saw the girl reach over and put her hand on Linus's arm. Once again, Sabrina fantasied marching into the office and firmly removing the secretary's hand from her husband's arm. But she couldn't bring herself to do it. The sound of Linus's laughter from several minutes ago haunted her. If Linus was interested in this girl, which seemed like it might indeed be the case, Sabrina didn't want it confirmed right in front of her eyes. Instead, she returned to the elevator and pushed the button for the lobby. The soft, instrumental music was her only company on the way down. OOOOOOOOOOO It was 9:30PM when Linus finally walked through their front door. Annabelle was asleep, of course. Apparently seeing their daughter didn't matter to Linus anymore, even though Annabelle had spent most of the evening wishing her Papa would come home. It broke Sabrina's heart, so when he did eventually arrive, she tried to ignore him. \"Hi Sweetheart,\" Linus greeted her as he came through the door. Sabrina didn't answer. Instead, she sat on her glider again and busied herself with answering e – mails on one of their laptop computers. \"I know,\" Linus continued as he took of his coat and walked over to where she was sitting. \"I'm late yet again.\" He tried to kiss her cheek but she turned away from him, as her mind flashed the horrible possibility that he may have kissed his secretary tonight. Linus sighed. \"Well, there's this new project that I'm working on. And I'm trying to train a new secretary at the same time – \" At the word \"secretary,\" Sabrina snapped. She wasn't about to listen to him speak about how much time he needed to spend with that woman! Instead she picked up the computer and brought it into the kitchen. \"I don't want to hear it, Linus!\" she called over her shoulder. She set the computer up again on the small table where she and Annabelle had been eating supper for the past few nights. A few minutes later, Linus entered the kitchen, taking a bottle of wine off the rack in the corner and a goblet out of the cupboard. He took a few sips before he sighed. \"I'm doing it again, aren't I? Spending too much time on work. I'm sorry. I'll make it up to you. How about we go to a Moroccan restaurant tomorrow?\" Sabrina shrugged, trying to focus on the computer. \"Maybe. Just don't forget about Annabelle, that's the most important thing. Her ballet retail is next weekend. She begged me to make sure you were there.\" \"I'll be there,\" Linus replied, still sipping the wine. \"I promise.\" * I miss Papa. This story is already written. I just decided it was too long to post as a one – shot. So I'm going to try something brave. Posting a multi – chapter story on a fandom that doesn't get much attention. I hope a get a couple of reviews. I think they are particularly important for chapter stories, because I need to know if the story is working for the readers.[Chapter 2] The three of them did eat at a Moroccan restaurant the next night. Linus also arrived home by five o'clock every night for the next week. He cooked all their favorite meals including the blueberry glazed ham; Annabelle's favorite, cheddar bacon chicken tenders, and Sabrina's favorite seafood dishes. He also tried a few new recipes which tasted good as well. Sabrina was beginning to wonder if she'd jumped to conclusions about Linus and the secretary. Saturday afternoon, they all went to the ballet studio for Annabelle's retail. Annabelle had been taking ballet lessons for the last two years and she enjoyed them almost as much as her swimming lessons. She definitely thought the best part of ballet were the retails, where she could show everyone her knew skills. And she was overjoyed that her Mama and her Papa would be there. \"Wait until you see me leap, Papa!\" she exclaimed. \"They're so much higher than they were last year.\" \"I'm sure they are,\" Linus replied, wrapping his arm around Annabelle as they entered the studio. \"And J'ai un costume assez rose Mama**,\" she continued. \"Pink is a great color for a costume, don't you think?\" \"Absolutely,\" Sabrina agreed. Annabelle quickly went with the other girls in her class to change after they walked into the studio. Meanwhile, Sabrina and Linus found a place to sit where they could see and Sabrina made sure her camera was ready. First, the level one students performed. Sabrina remembered when Annabelle was in that class. Was it really only last year? Then Annabelle stepped on the stage, along with ten other girls her age. They all wore pink tutus with roses on them and lace on the collar and little pink ballet shoes. As the music began, Annabelle moved her arms and legs in sync with the others. The girls leaped and twirled in time with the music. Sabrina was sure to take a couple of pictures of Annabelle as she leaped. When the girls finished, Annabelle and the others bowed to the audience. Sabrina took a picture of that as well before she began clapping with the rest of the audience. When the recital finally ended, Annabelle jumped off the stage and made a beeline for her parents. \"Did you see me?\" she asked them. \"Of course we saw you,\" they answered at the same time. \"Did you like my leaps, Papa?\" Annabelle asked as she jumped into Linus's arms. Linus laughed. That warm, rich sound that Sabrina had always loved. The sound she'd always thought belonged exclusively to her and Annabelle. It certainly belonged to them right now. \"I love you're leaps, Annabelle,\" he replied. Sabrina's heart swelled as she watched them. She couldn't think of a more adorable picture than the one right in front of her. Of Linus holding Annabelle in her pink tutu and ballet shoes with both of them grinning from ear – to – ear. She quickly snapped it before the moment was gone. As the flash went off, Linus shook his head. \"Pictures again, huh?\" \"You're very photogenic, remember,\" Sabrina replied, slipping back into their old teasing pattern. \"Both of you are.\" Linus put Annabelle down and smiled at Sabrina. \" Only when you're taking them, Sweetheart,\" he replied. Then he gave her a kiss and Sabrina's heart warmed again. As she watched Annabelle wander off to talk to some of her friends, she smiled at Linus again. She wondered how she could have ever thought he could be interested in another woman. Because right now, there was no doubt in her mind that she and Annabelle came first in Linus's heart. OOOOOOOOOO A month went by, and Sabrina had almost forgotten about her jealousy of Linus's new secretary. After all, he came home every night. He made their favorite dinners and experimented with new recipes. He tried to listen to Annabelle as she talked about school and how much fun she had with Karoline. He talked, joked, and teased Sabrina as he always had. Linus even took her to a concert one night. He did enjoy instrumental music now and then and Sabrina liked having a night for just the two of them. And then it happened. One of her colleague's at Vogue husband was leaving her for his secretary. \"I know they all fool around with their secretaries,\" Paloma grumbled as they all ate lunch at their favorite cafe. \"But I just never figured it would happen to me , you know? I thought Jean – Luc and I were happy. I mean, I know this is Paris, where everyone is so passionate and affairs are almost encouraged, but…why?\" She blew out some air in anger and frustration, letting her brown bangs fly up. \"Why did that scum have to do it? And then break up with me? For her? Tell me!\" Her brown eyes stared at everyone in the small group. Sabrina didn't have any answers so she just sipped her coffee instead. Madeline, a photographer who worked closely with Sabrina shook her head as she took a bite of her sandwich. Then she brushed her light brown hair behind her ears. \"And that's why I'll never get married. They all end. It's just not worth the heartbreak.\" OOOOOOOOOOOOO Sabrina tried to ignore those thoughts for the next couple of days. She focused on work, taking as many pictures as she could. She listened as Annabelle chattered about school. She ate all of Linus's delicious meals. But as much as Sabrina tried to deny it, Paloma's words echoed in her head. \"They all fool around with their secretaries,\" she thought as she set up another photoshoot. \"I never figured it would happen to me …\" Sabrina thought as she ate another one of Linus's meals. And Paloma was correct about something else as well. In Paris, where physical affection flourished and people were expected to be passionate all the time , affairs were almost encouraged. As much as Sabrina loved Paris, it was a small problem with the city. Especially if you were in loved with the man whom you were married. But she and Linus were still passionate, weren't they? They kissed all the time and made frequent use of the bedroom. But Sabrina's mind flashed back to the night she'd seen him with the secretary and the way that tart had touched him. The way Linus had laughed. Was their marriage enough for Linus? OOOOOOOOO One evening, as Sabrina was on her way home, Linus called her. \"I'm afraid I'm going to be working late again tonight, Sweetheart,\" he commented. \"There's some things I have to take care of.\" Like what color lip gloss your tart wears, you mean? Sabrina couldn't stop herself from thinking, as she pictured Linus kissing his secretary passionately. \"I see,\" Sabrina snapped. \"I know, I know,\" he replied, anticipating her argument. \"'Live, Linus.' But I promise, it's just for tonight this time. \"Listen why don't you come up here for an hour or so? Just tell Karoline to stay later with Annabelle. We can have dinner together in my office. I've heard offices can be romantic, you know,\" he added in his teasing voice. \"I guess,\" Sabrina replied, hanging up before she said something that would make things worse. It was nice that Linus was trying to make it up to her this time that he would be working late again, she supposed. But she couldn't help but wonder if he was only trying to cover up his interest in someone else. And why had he said 'offices can be romantic\"? Was he thinking of his new relationship with the secretary? Sabrina took a deep breath and let the sweet smells of Paris calm her. She was jumping to conclusions. Linus was probably referring to the fact that he and Sabrina had shared their first kiss in his office back in New York. And now he wanted to treat her to another date in his office. That's all it was. She quickly called Karoline and explained the plans. ** I have a pretty pink costume. Thank you for the reviews for the last chapter! I was able to make some edits to the last chapter as result of your comments that I hope will make the story better. (And that is why reviews for multi – chapter stories, in particular are so important.) Here's your responses. Master of the Elements: Linus didn't exactly have a good reason for staying late that week, but he's trying to make up for it. Does that help? Bloomandgrow: Glad you felt for Sabrina when she heard Linus laughing. Although, as I implied in the title, she is wrong about him cheating on her, I wanted it to be a realistic conclusion for her. (Rather than a childish \"that woman is batting her eyes at my man!) Besides, I already said in \"Another Larrabee Party\" that Sabrina knows Linus isn't usually affected when beautiful try to get his attention. But Linus laughing is a bit more worrisome for her, especially someone with a personality like his, who I get the impression is usually more serious and private. And yes, the goal in this story is to have Sabrina appear more \"human.\" She's more vulnerable because she has more to lose at this point. And since Linus made most of the mistakes in the movie, I think it's her turn to make some big mistakes in the relationship. Glad you think it's well written, too. Make sure you tell me what you think of chapter two as well.[Chapter 3] A week later, Sabrina still struggled with images of Linus with his secretary. Sabrina and Linus had enjoyed their dinner in the office, but Sabrina couldn't help but wonder how many times he'd treated the other woman to a meal there as well. Or maybe Linus didn't even bother with food when he was with her . It all came to a head one night after Annabelle had gone to sleep and Sabrina and Linus had watched a movie together. As the credits rolled, Linus moved closer to her and began kissing her neck. Sabrina tried to enjoy it, but tonight she couldn't stop thinking of Linus kissing his tart instead. As his hands moved to her breasts, Sabrina began to feel queasy. When he tried to give her a deep kiss, she finally pulled away. Linus looked at her with a confused look on his face. \"What's wrong, Sweetheart? I mean I thought with the movie over –\" Sabrina had enough of him playing dumb. \"Yes, I know. You thought you could have me and your secretary. Sorry, but I can't do this anymore.\" She got off her glider and began walking away from him to the hallway. \"It makes me feel sick thinking about what you might have done with her already.\" Linus walked after her and blocked her path. \"Sabrina what are you talking about? You can't seriously think –\" he yelled at her. \"Yes, I do,\" she interrupted. \"I think you have something going on with her. Maybe you've even already had sex with her. At any rate, I can't pretend anymore.\" The look of anger and betrayal on Linus's face would haunt Sabrina in the years to come. \"I can't believe you would say that, much less think it. I'm not even going to dignify it with a response. In fact, I don't even think I want to be here anymore. I just…\" He shook his head as he walked to their bedroom and began packing a suitcase. Sabrina trailed after him, too shocked to do anything else at first. \"Wait, Linus!\" she finally protested as he closed his suitcase. \"I'm sorry! I should have known better than to think you would do that.\" She tried to touch his arm to get him to pay attention to her, but he shook her off. \"Sorry. But I can't look at you anymore,\" he shouted again. \"For you to have so little faith in me, in us …no.\" He returned to the living room and began putting on his jacket. \"But what about Annabelle?\" Sabrina asked, following him again, trying to think of something, anything to make her husband stay. \"You should have thought about that before you lost faith in me,\" he snapped back. \"I'll call you tomorrow to tell you where I'll be staying. Then Annabelle can visit if she wants.\" And with that, he slammed the door behind him. Sabrina watched from the window, hoping he would suddenly change his mind and come back. But after he hailed a taxi and drove away, she gave up. It was ironic. Earlier tonight, when she'd believed Linus was cheating on her, she would have almost been relieved to have him leave. But now it was the last things she wanted. All she wished to do was go back in time to the moment when they were finishing the movie. Instead of turning away from Linus's kiss she would respond, as she always had before. Their kisses and touches would build until they made love. Perhaps in the living room or perhaps in the bedroom. It didn't really matter. Sabrina stood in the living room for several minutes, trying to decide what to do. She hated the silence of the penthouse. It made it all the more obvious that Linus was gone. She turned on the television for a few minutes, thinking the noise would make it better. But it only reminded her of the movie they had been watching before, so the television was snapped off. She should probably go to bed, especially after the long day she would have tomorrow. But as she looked into the bedroom, she knew it wasn't an option. Not without Linus. Instead, Sabrina retreated into her personal dark room, where she developed all of her family photos. OOOOOOOOOOOO Two hours later, Sabrina was busy developing the picture of Linus holding Annabelle in her pink tutu. It was such an adorable, tender moment between the two of them. Was this the only way she'd see her husband and her daughter together now? No doubt Linus would soon find his own apartment and Karoline would bring Annabelle back and forth. After all, Linus said he didn't want to look at Sabrina anymore. A tear rolled down her cheek, but Sabrina pretended it didn't exist. Crying wouldn't change anything, after all. Instead she continued working on her photographs. Sabrina shook her head as she looked at the picture of Linus again. How could she ever believe he had been cheating on her? Suddenly she thought she heard the front door open. Sabrina shook her head, wondering who it could possibly be. It was the middle of the night, so it couldn't be one of their friends. Karoline didn't spend the night here unless she was asked to in advance. Sabrina wanted to believe it was Linus with all of her heart, but she knew she shouldn't expect it. Linus made it perfectly clear he didn't want anything to do with her, and she wasn't sure she could blame him. Accusing someone of cheating when they were being faithful wasn't much better than cheating itself. Still, she washed the chemicals off her hands and made her way to the front door anyway. It was best to find out who it was. But Sabrina was shocked to find Linus standing in their living room, dripping wet. Apparently it had been raining. \"Did you…come back to pick up an umbrella?\" She asked him, not sure what else to say. Could she really believe he'd actually come back ? \"No,\" Linus replied. \"I came back because…I shouldn't have left. I asked the taxi to drive me to the Intercontinental Hotel, but when I got out, I ended up walking in the rain instead. And I started missing you. I'm sorry. I overreacted.\" Sabrina stared at him, not sure if she should believe what she was hearing. She wanted to run into his arms, but she was afraid it wouldn't be real. Would Linus change his mind again? Would she wake up in the dark room and realize it was all a dream? \"I thought…you said you couldn't even look at me after what I accused you of?\" Linus nodded. \"That's what I thought, too. But when I started walking, I remembered all of our times together. Particularly what happened when we first moved here.\" Sabrina stared at him, not sure what he meant. He picked up his wet hand and touched her cheek. Sabrina leaned into it, revealing in the proof that at least she wasn't dreaming. \"I tried to manipulate you into falling in love with me, and then I told you it was all a lie, remember? And when I showed up in Paris, you still forgave me.\" Sabrina smiled at the memory of Linus appearing in front of her old Paris apartment. Of him explaining that he'd fallen in love with her as well, even though he'd told her the night before that it had all been a lie. \"Yes, I guess I did.\" \"So if you can forgive me for that , then I think I can try to forgive you for what you said tonight. I want our relationship to work.\" Sabrina suddenly noticed his suitcase was on the floor next to him. She sighed in relief, now ready to believe Linus had really returned for good. \"Let's get you out of those wet clothes,\" she told him, trying to pull his jacket off him. But her husband resisted. \"No, the rain is good for the soul on a night like this. Why don't we go out on the balcony together? Don't you always say Paris smells its sweetest during the rain?\" Sabrina finally threw herself into his arms and inhaled his scent. Paris spring rain and Linus…perfect. \"Yes,\" agreed. Let's go to the balcony.\" So they opened the doors in the back of the living room and stepped out. For several moments, they just looked at the Paris nighttime skyline with their arms wrapped around each other, listening to the sound of the pitter – patter of the rain hitting the roofs and the sidewalks. Finally Linus turned to face her. \"What could have possibly made you think I was cheating on you, anyway? I'm trying to forgive you, but I need to understand…\" Sabrina looked at his shoes, which she could barely make out in the darkness. \"I'm wondering the same thing myself. I know you've never been interested in anyone else. But it started about two months ago, when you were working late that week.\" Linus sighed. \"Okay…I know I was in the wrong there, but…\" Sabrina continued looking at his shoes and listened to the sound of the rain for a second. Then she replied, \"I came to your office to yell at you one day, and I saw you talking…no laughing with your secretary.\" She looked back into his eyes again as she explained, \"I've always thought that Annabelle and I were the only ones who could make you laugh, Linus.\" Linus shrugged as several drops of rain landed on his head, giving his hair more of that wonderful messed – up look. \"I do laugh more easily for the two of you, it's true. I'm trying to remember the incident you're talking about…\" By the tone of his voice, Sabrina realized he really didn't remember it. It couldn't have been that important to him then. She felt as if a load of bricks was being lifted from her and new ones added onto her chest simultaneously. Linus really had no interest in the secretary, but knowing that also made Sabrina feel even guiltier. \"Oh, I think I remember. Miss Cornet said something funny, and I guess I really needed to let go of some tension that day. Still, I laughed because of her once . I laugh for you every day, Sweetheart,\" he told her firmly. He pulled her a little closer and stoked her wet cheek with hand. \"But why don't I remember you being at the office that day, anyway?\" Sabrina paused and ran her fingers through his hair for a few seconds, inhaling the sweet scent of Linus and spring rain again. Then she replied, \"I ran away. It sounds silly when I think of it now. But at the time I was so afraid you might be interested in her…I didn't want to be proven right.\" Several drops of water landed on Sabrina's head and she felt it start to wash away her guilt. Linus was right, it was very cleansing. \"I know you like to think of me as brave, but I can be so cowardly sometimes. I waited all day to see you that time in your office in New York, because I was too scared to say what I wanted to. Even when I finally arrived, I tried to get Mack not to buzz me in so I could leave.\" Linus nodded. \"I see.\" A couple of more drops of rain fell on Sabrina's nose, and he kissed them off. Sabrina enjoyed the feeling, thinking perhaps he'd started to forgive her for her for her mistake already. \"It didn't help that I found out Paloma's husband is leaving her for his secretary a couple of weeks ago. I know he's not you, but I couldn't help thinking…she never thought he'd do it either…so…\" She shook her head. Linus nodded. \"Thank you for explaining to me.\" He wrapped his arms around tightly and she did the same. Then they gave each other a kiss. \"You know, I'm glad we cleaned this up, but if you get worried about me and another woman again, you should tell me. This all could have been avoided if you had just mentioned what you saw before, instead of letting it build like that.\" Sabrina rested her head on his shoulder, once again enjoying the comforting smell of Linus and the freeing smell of the Paris rain. She thought about how Linus had always made his feelings about her and David clear. \"Yes. I can see that now. I'll try to remember that.\" Then she gave him another kiss. When they finally parted, Sabrina thought of something else that involved Linus's brother. \"I think I understand a little better why you don't like to see me spending time with David. I always thought it was silly, but that was before I experienced real jealousy. I thought I used to be jealous of David's girlfriends when I was younger. But that was nothing compared to…\" She shook her head and kissed a water droplet that had fallen on Linus's neck. Linus nodded as he ran his hands over her back. \"Would you like Miss Cornet to stop working for me?\" Sabrina paused. A part of her did. Even though she now knew Linus had never been interested in her, much less cheating, the images Sabrina had created in her mind…\"I don't know. I don't like the idea of you being close to her, but I'd hate for her to be fired because of my insecurities.\" Linus smiled, and she could just make out those adorable crinkles from the city lights. \"I don't need to fire her. I can just transfer her to another department.\" Sabrina nodded. \"I think that would be a good idea.\" She kissed several drops of water which decorated his face, eventually landing on his mouth again. This time the kiss was incredibly passionate, as they let their tongues duel for a couple of minutes while their hands roamed all over their bodies, including some intimate parts. When they finally parted, Linus murmured, \"Let's take this inside. I think we both could use a warm shower, don't you? A little nod to the original Sabrina at the end, because I'm quite fond of that movie, too. Well, that's the end. Thank you for all the nice reviews for this story. As I said before, reviews are particularly useful in multi – chapter stories. Here's your responses. Bloomandgrow: Yes, Sabrina makes the whole situation worse because she wouldn't talk about it. Definitely her biggest mistake in this story. Glad you liked Annabelle's ballet, too. I like to have a lot of parent/child moments as well as couple moments in my fanfiction. This story didn't really lend itself to a lot, but that was a nice way to have some. (And I think the mental image of Linus holding Annabelle in her tutu is beyond adorable. :) ) Glad you think the subject is interesting, too. I love fanfiction that shows life isn't always rosy after you get married, and this is a good story to deal with some of that. And I think, out of all the couples that I write about, a story that deals with the possibility of cheating fits Sabrina and Linus the best. Masterof4Elements: Well, things were resolved anyway. Guest: Here's your update. I won't be doing any pre – marriage Sabrina/Linus, for personal reasons, but if you're interested in their first days in Paris after the movie you can try \"Sabrina Extended\" or \"La Vie en Rose\" on this site. I have thought of doing a pregnancy/birth story for Sabrina, but my muse isn't helping me with that one. So between that and the fact that I'm busy with RL and other fandoms right now, it may be a while before I write it. But you're welcome to keep checking for it if you want. I hope some of you give me some reviews for the last chapter. ","Summary":" Sabrina and the Green – Eyed Monster Disclaimer: I don't own Sabrina. (And that applies to the 1995"},{"Movie":"Catch Me If You Can, 2002","Title":"When Life Strikes it Strikes Hard","Author":"legend fanatic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11880096","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a week after he had been thrown in jail. One week, Carl mussed, and the boy already tried to escape. He's not surprised though. Someone of his age that's used to going anywhere now being confined in a small jail cell spells trouble. When he arrives at the jail cell that Frank is currently being held in, he opens the door and is surprised to see the strong willed boy he once knew, sort of, huddled up in a tight ball in the far corner of the cell. He can almost immediately tell that somethings wrong with the kid. \"Hey Frank,\" Carl says lightly. He gets no response. \"Whats wrong?\" Frank lifts his head slightly and Carl's heart breaks. There's bruises all over Franks face and neck, some fresh others older. Carl suspects there's other bruises that are covered by clothing. \"Oh my god Frank, what happened?\" He mutters something under his breath that Carl can't understand. \"I'm fine,\" he says suddenly then ducks his head again so the bruises are out of Carl's sight. \"No you're not,\" the firmness in Carl's voice startles Frank as he looks up again. \"What happened and who did this to you?\" Carl walks over and kneels in front of Frank who stares directly back at him. \"The guards. I deserve it though.\" This shocks Carl the most. The over confident boy he arrested a week ago is nothing like the one that sits before him now. This boy is broken and hopeless. But if he's so broken... \"Why did you try to run Frank?\" One tear streaks down the frail boys face. \"They hurt me.\" It's in times like these that Carl realizes how vulnerable Frank feels. He never felt comfortable being himself and it shows. He can't stop the tears from flowing now and the more he tries to stop them the more they fall. Carl bring the boy in for a hug and Frank sobs onto his shirt, but Carl doesn't mind. \"Kid, I'm so sorry.\" Carl can't help but feel guilty. It's his fault that the kid is in so much pain. \"Carl... I... Can I tell you something?\" He nods his head and waits a few seconds in anticipation. \"The guard... He... He forced himself on me.\" The first thing Carl can register is shock. Then comes the overwhelming anger. \"He raped you?\" Frank nods his head slightly and the tears flow down his face faster. Carl stands up and whips out his phone. After a while of talking to the higher-ups he puts his phone away. \"Come on we're leaving.\" The shock is clear on Franks face. \"I'll explain when we get on the airplane.\" Carl doesn't even hand-cuff Frank as he opens the door and guides the frighted shell-shocked boy out of the room. Guard try to stop Carl but he just waves them away. Once on the privet plane that the office let him use from time to time he wrapped Frank in another hug. \"I'm so sorry kid. This is all my fault.\" \"Why would it be your fault?\" They sit down on two chairs and seat belt themselves for takeoff. \"I arrested you. I was the one that brought you there.\" \"But your the one that got me out. That cared enough to come. My... My dads dead and my Mom hasn't been to see me once, she doesn't care about me. But you came to see me.\" \"You're like the son I never had Frank. Of course I care about you.\" Frank goes silent ad thinks for a while. \"This isn't the first time.\" \"What?\" Carl asks confused. \"When I was 14 I was raped. In jail wasn't the fist time.\" Carl immediately wraps a protective arm around the boy. \"My dad and one of his friends were really drunk and then when they ran out of beers my dad decided to go to the store and get some more. It was just me and my dads friend in the house... I never told anyone.\" He buries his face in Carl's shirt. \"It happened to me to kid.\" At that Frank looks up. \"My dad took me to a party at a bar and then left me all by myself. I was frightened and scared. Never even saw it coming.\" \"Where re we going?\" Carl explains that they're going to the city the he lives in and will be kept in a jail close to his house. \"Why are you doing this for me?\" \"I wanna keep an eye on you kid. You matter to me.\" Frank had never heard that before. \"Thank you Carl.\" \"Anytime, kid. Anytime.\"[Chapter 2] Seven Years Latter Carl awoke to the sound of a scream. When he realized that it was only Frank. Another nightmare most likely. The boy had just been released early for good behavior. He had no where to go so Carl had let the boy stay there. It didn't take long to realize that Frank had been severely traumatized. He was constantly having nightmares and there were a few places he refused to go. He was quite, hardly ever speaking, and was a shell of the over confident boy Carl had arrested. He was worried. Being arrest at such young age on top of everything else that had happened to the boy... Carl was surprised that the boy was holding it together as much as he was. He walks down to Franks room to see the boy sitting upright in bed. \"I'm sorry Hanratty...\" \"What did I tell you. It's Carl, and never apologize for the nightmares.\" The young boy still looks freaked out. \"Everything's going to be fine. You're out of jail. You have a chance to start a new.\" The boy simply nodded. \"I could use you on this case I'm working on.\" The boy immediately perked up. When Carl told him what was happening and showed him a check the boy was immediately able to help him out. \"You know the offer is still on the table, if you want to come work for me you can.\" \"Really? But don't the guys where you work hate me, for making fools of them.\" \"That might be true but lets test the waters tomorrow.\" *Catch Me if You Can* The glares bore into his back and the hate was palpable. \"I should never have come, they hate me.\" \"Give them some time. I know you've changed but they don't.\" Walking past a table, Frank noticed the check and the reason it was deemed real. \"That checks not real.\" \"I know,\" the guy said. \"But I don't know how to prove it... How did you know it was fake?\" When Frank pointed out the flaw the detective saw it too. \"Thank you kid.\" Frank figured he'd be fine. But he still had a lot of proving himself to do. And done. I will add one shots on to this as well just not connected to this story. ","Summary":" It was a week after he had been thrown in jail. One week, Carl mussed, and the boy already tried to"},{"Movie":"Catch Me If You Can, 2002","Title":"Diary of a Chorus Girl","Author":"NewYorkLights613","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9536085","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I sighed happily as I walked with my best friend, Meghan, through the stage door of the Neil Simon Theater for the first time. I let out a squeal of excitement and grabbed Meghan's arm. \"It's our first day of rehearsals for a Broadway show!\" \"Really?\" she asked sarcastically. \"I hadn't noticed.\" \"Shut up,\" I told her as we made our way into the dressing room. My eyes widened as I took in the scene. There were at least fifty other dancers in the room, and I knew all of them were top of the line. Meghan and I quickly took a space on the floor and began warming up. I smiled at the dancer in front of me as I slid into a vertical split. \"Hi. I'm Anna Kate.\" \"Logan,\" she said, pulling her right leg straight above her head. \"I'd shake your hand, but...\" She wobbled her head side to side, lifting her other leg into the air. I laughed and said, \"I totally understand. This is Meghan.\" I nodded my head in my best friend's direction before touching my forehead to my knee. The girls exchanged greetings, and we each went back to our individual warmups. After about half an hour a woman that I recognized from auditions sauntered into the room with a tall guy trailing behind her. \"Dancers!\" she called in a voice that I thought to be very dramatic and theatrical. \"Welcome to rehearsals. My name is Angie Schworer, and I'll be choreographing this production of Catch Me If You Can. I expect nothing but the best from you all, and I will accept no less than perfect technique. Understood?\" The room in a chorus of yes ma'am's and understood's. \"Wonderful,\" she said before gesturing to the guy beside her. \"This is Mr. Aaron Tveit. He will be playing the role of Frank Abagnale Jr.\" Aaron stepped forward and said, \"Hey, guys. I'm really looking forward to working with all of you.\" He flashed a brilliant smile, and I couldn't help but smile back. Our eyes met, and he winked at me playfully, causing me to blush. I felt Meghan elbow me in the ribs, and I shifted over to stomp on her foot. Angie's shrill voice pierced the silence as she said, \"Shall we move to the rehearsal room?\" The group moved across the hall into a spacious room with shiny wood floors. \"You.\" said Angie, pointing in my direction. \"Yes, ma'am?\" I replied, feeling both nervous and excited. \"Bring the girl beside you and come to the front of the room.\" Meghan and I exchanged wide eyed glances and made our way to where Angie and Aaron were standing. \"You two look like you have star potential,\" said Angie. \"Let's have a round of applause for our new lead dancers.\" Meghan and I grinned, and I knew that this was going to be the best rehearsal we'd ever had. After four hours of dancing, we finally got a lunch break. Meghan and I scrambled and ended up near the front of the line for food since we had been at the front of the room for rehearsals. I was squeezed between Meghan and Aaron in the cramped line, and I shot Meghan a \"check me out\" look. She looked Aaron up and down then gave me a subtle thumbs up. I looked away and met eyes with the star actor beside me. He smiled and said, \"Great rehearsal.\" I blushed and smiled, murmuring, \"You, too.\" I felt Meghan's familiar elbow in my ribs and could hear her voice in my head. \"Don't go all geek on him. Why do you always freeze up around guys? He talked to you first.\" I reached for the same bottle of Diet Coke as Aaron, and our fingers brushed. I jerked my hand back and smiled as Aaron placed a bottle on my tray before getting one for himself. I looked at him, saying, \"Thanks.\" \"No problem,\" he replied. \"Hey, do you guys want to sit with me?\" I felt Meghan's elbow again and smiled at Aaron. \"That sounds great,\" I said before following him to a square table in the corner. Meghan and I sat on one side, and took a chair across from me. We all dug in, ravenous from the exertion in rehearsal, and didn't talk for several minutes. Aaron finally spoke up after finishing his fries. \"So are you from around here?\" Meghan kicked me after a few seconds of silence, and I sighed. \"We're actually from a really small town in South Georgia.\" \"Wow!\" exclaimed Aaron. He looked into my eyes as he asked, \"Did you move here, or are you just in town for the production?\" I blushed and said, \"We're here to stay. We've got a suite at Englewood Apartments.\" \"Seriously? That's where I live!\" \"No way!\" Meghan sensed the excitement in my voice and said, \"I think I forgot my purse in the dressing room. I'll be right back.\" I smiled at Aaron as my best friend left. \"We should get together sometime,\" I ventured. \"How about tonight?\" asked Aaron. I smiled. \"Ok. It's a date.\" Aaron fished in his pocket and pulled out his iPhone, sliding it across the table. \"Put in your number, and I'll call you after rehearsals.\" \"Only if you give me yours,\" I flirted, dangling my iPhone in front of him. He sighed playfully and said, \"I guess I can give it to you.\" I smiled and put in my number, placing Aaron's phone back on his side of the table. He returned mine and looked at my contact, saying, \"I didn't even realize I hadn't asked your name yet.\" I tapped his screen where my contact picture was still smiling at him. \"I'm Anna Kate O'Neal.\" He playfully shook my hand and said, \"Aaron Tveit. Nice to meet you.\" We joked and flirted the rest of lunch, and Meghan never returned to our table. What a coincidence. After four more hours of rehearsal, Meghan and I bundled up and started walking home. \"Sooooooo,\" she said. I smiled to myself, knowing exactly what she was saying. \"So what?\" I replied, deciding to let her dangle a bit longer. She let out an exasperated sigh and said, \"Don't do this to me! What did he say?\" I sighed happily and said, \"Oh you know, the usual.\" Meghan stopped in the middle of the sidewalk and grabbed my arm. \"I want details, and I want them now!\" I laughed at her and began pulling her down the street, telling her every little detail. We reached the apartment just as I was finishing up the story. Meghan sighed as she walked in and threw herself on the couch. \"I'm so happy for you!\" she shrieked. I giggled and pulled mt phone out of my bag. I screamed when I saw a text from Aaron waiting on my lock screen. Meghan ran over and screamed, \"Read it, read it!\" I opened the text and smiled as I read his words. Stuck running lines till 8. Pick you up at your apartment around 8:30? Meghan and I exchanged a glance, and I began typing. Sounds great. We're apartment G36. I passed the phone to Meghan and said, \"Is it awful?\" She read the text and pressed send, telling me, \"It was perfect.\" Seconds later, my phone buzzed. I shrieked and grabbed it from Meghan, plopping down on the couch. Can't wait. I dropped my phone and screamed, jumping on the couch. I sang, \"He can't wait to date me! He can't wait to date me!\" Meghan grabbed my arm and yanked me off the couch. \"I am doing your makeup, hair, and I am SO picking out your outfit!\" I picked up my phone, saying, \"We have plenty of time.\" I looked at my home screen, and seeing that it was already 7:30, I shrieked, \"Never mind; we don't!\" Somehow, Meghan had me ready at 8:25, so we went to the living room and turned on the TV, trying our best to look casual. At exactly 8:30, there was a strong knock on the door, and I looked at Meghan with a huge grin in my face. We walked to the door together, and I pretended to look surprised. Meghan had a sly Cheshire Cat grin on her face as Aaron greeted her. \"Hey, Meghan. What's up?\" \"What's up with you?\" she said in a seductive tone before walking back into the apartment laughing hysterically. Aaron chuckled and smiled at me. \"You ready to go?\" \"Definitely.\" I smiled. When we got out onto the sidewalk, I finally asked, \"So where are you taking me?\" \"My roommate's performing at 54 Below,\" he said. \"I love 54 Below. Meghan and I ate there our first night in New York.\" \"Great. Two firsts for you at 54 Below.\" I smiled as he took my hand. It was a short walk to 54 Below. When we reached the front doors, Aaron let go of my hand and held the door for me. We walked inside, and he took my hand again and led me to the table closest to the stage which had a large reserved card with is name on it. He pulled out my chair before taking his own seat and began telling me about his roommate. We chatted until the lights dimmed, and his best friend, Jeremy Jordan walked onto the stage. We clapped and cheered after each of his songs, and when the show was over, Aaron took my hand and led me backstage where he introduced me to Jeremy. We all chatted for a bit befor Aaron whispered in my ear, \"Let's get outta here.\" I smiled at him, and we said goodbye to Jeremy and headed for the stage door. We were almost out the door when some guy wolf whistled at me. I felt Aaron bristle and put his arm around my waist. I smiled and raised my eye brows at him. He blushed but didn't move his arm. As we continued walking, I rested my head on his shoulder and smiled up at him. \"So what do you want to do now?\" he whispered, his voice raspy. I noticed that a strand of his gorgeous dirty blonde hair had fallen onto his forehead, so I reached up and smoothed it back into place before saying, \"I want you to ask me out again. I had an amazing time with you.\" Aaron smiled and stopped walking, turning to face me. He looked into my eyes and said, \"Will you go out with me tomorrow afternoon?\" I grinned and said, \"Definitely.\" We walked the rest of the way to our building, and stopped in front of my apartment door. He wrapped his arms around my waist, and I let mine rest on his shoulders as I played with his hair. \"So where are we going tomorrow?\" I asked. \"I've got a baseball game, and I was hoping you'd want to come. We could grab some lunch after.\" I smiled. \"That sounds great. I'm so happy there's no rehearsal, but I don't want to desert Meghan all day tomorrow.\" \"Bring her with you. Jeremy's playing, too. We can all have lunch together.\" I smiled. \"You're so great. Thank you so much.\" \"No problem. I'd do anything for my girlfriend,\" he said with a smile. \"So I'm your girlfriend now?\" \"I hope so.\" I grinned at him and said, \"Definitely.\" He smiled back at me and leaned closer. Our lips were centimeters apart when both doors on each side of us opened and Meghan and Jeremy walked into the hall. Aaron let out an exasperated sigh and let me go. \"Hey, Meghan,\" I sighed. \"What's up, Jeremy?\" Aaron said to his roommate. Neither of them acknowledged us. They were smiling and staring into each other's eyes. I looked at Aaron and shrugged. \"I guess we'll leave you two lovebirds,\" I said to Meghan and Jeremy with a giggle. \"Kay,\" replied Meghan dreamily. \"Awesome,\" said Jeremy in the same tone. I laughed and led Aaron into my apartment, tossing my keys into the little bowl Meghan and I kept by the door. I plopped down on the couch and patted the spot next to me, inviting my new boyfriend to sit down. \"Hey, girlfriend,\" he said cheesily. \"Hey, boyfriend,\" I replied with a grin. Aaron slipped his arm around my waist, and I leaned my head on his shoulder. I couldn't believe how comfortable we already were with each other after just one date. I let out a happy sigh and stared up into his gorgeous grey blue eyes. My heart began to race as he leaned in and placed his lips on mine. The kiss was short, but it was pure magic. When we pulled back simultaneously, I smiled at him. We stat on the couch chatting for a few more minutes before both of us started yawning. \"I really want you to stay, but you've got a big game tomorrow,\" I said getting off the couch and stretching. \"I can hang a little longer.\" \"Aaron, I know you're tired. You need your rest, Mr. MVP.\" He sighed and stood from the couch, taking my small hands in his large ones. I tilted my head up to look into his eyes. \"I can't wait to cheer you on tomorrow,\" I said, smoothing his hair back. He placed a light kiss on my lips before saying, \"I can't wait to get it over with, so I can take you on another date.\" \"You're too sweet.\" He smiled and wrapped me in a tight hug. \"I'll pick you up at 10:30?\" \"Don't be late,\" I said, walking him across the hall to his and Jeremy's apartment. He knocked on the door and waited. Nobody answered, so we walked in. Meghan and Jeremy were in the kitchen, lost in conversation. They were smiling and laughing. Aaron and I exchanged a mischievous glance before walking to where they were sitting. \"Looks like you two hit it off,\" I said, yanking them down from their private little cloud. Jeremy stammered, and Meghan blushed. I pulled Meghan up from the table and began walking towards the door. \"See you guys tomorrow,\" I said, smiling directly at Aaron. Jeremy smiled a geeky smile and said, \"Bye, Meghan.\" Meghan giggled and replied, \"Bye, Jeremy.\" in a high pitched voice. Meghan screamed at the top of her lungs when I told her about the double date Aaron and I set up after the game tomorrow. She told me everything she and Jeremy talked about, and I told her about my date with Aaron. Tomorrow couldn't come soon enough.[Chapter 2] Aaron and I held hands as a cab took us to Heckscher Fields. \"Meghan and Jeremy seem to have really hit it off,\" I said, smiling at Aaron. \"Thanks for setting them up.\" He stroked his thumb across my knuckles. \"Anything for you, babe.\" He leaned over, and I swiveled to face him. Just as our lips met, the cab stopped. Aaron slammed his head back against the seat, saying, \"Are you kidding me?\" We exited the cab hand in hand just as Jeremy and Meghan's cab pulled up. The couple was laughing hysterically, causing my grin to spread even wider. I exchanged winks with Meghan as the boys led us to our seats. Jeremy murmured something in Meghan's ear before turning to me. \"See ya after the game, Anna Kate,\" he said, still staring into Meghan's eyes. \"See ya!\" I replied. As Jeremy made his way to the locker room, Aaron smiled and placed a quick kiss on my cheek. \"Cheer for me?\" \"I'll be the one screaming the loudest.\" We kissed once more before he headed off to the locker room. Meghan and I looked at each other at the same time and let out excited squeals. \"Spill!\" I shrieked. \"No you!\" replied Meghan. \"I told you everything you're going to know last night.\" I sighed happily. \"Okay, okay.\" I told her about Aaron's and my date and pretty much everything else that had happened since and finished just as Aaron strode out to the mic in the middle of the field. As I hopped up and cheered, I saw him look at me and wink. Meghan elbowed me in the ribs, and I grinned at her. My eyes grew teary as he sang the National Anthem, staring at me from behind his sunglasses the whole time. As he sang the last note everyone began to cheer, and the announcer screamed, \"Let's play ball!\" Meghan and I screamed for 8 innings straight until the game became tied. Jeremy threw a fast pitch to the opposing team's batter. The ball whizzed across the field, and Aaron dove, barely catching it. The crowd began to cheer but slowly stopped, noticing that Aaron hadn't gotten up. The field grew silent, and I began to panic. I had to see if he was okay. \"Aaron!\" I shrieked, elbowing my way down to the field. A burly security guard blocked my clear path to Aaron. I was about to jump the fence when Jeremy jogged over and grabbed my arm. \"She's with me,\" he said. I looked back and saw Meghan standing behind the guard as Jeremy guided me to where Aaron was lying on the field. She had a worried expression on her face and was watching me. We reached Aaron, and I dropped to my knees beside him. A tear slid down my face as I brushed a lock of hair off of his forehead. \"Aaron,\" I whispered. He was breathing heavily and had his eyes squeezed shut. They flew open as he heard my voice. I breathed a sigh of relief and smiled through my tears. \"Hey,\" he choked out. I laughed quietly. \"You scared me.\" He laughed back and reached up to wipe my tears. I took his hand and helped him stand up. The crowd screamed louder than ever as Aaron leaned on my shoulder and limped off the field. I saw Meghan's face flood with relief as she went back to our seats. I stood to the side as the game went on, and countless doctors made sure Aaron was alright. We made it to the ninth inning, still tied, and at the last second, Jeremy struck out the opposing team's batter. The crowd roared, and he threw his hands in the air, sprinting around the field and stopping where Meghan stood cheering. I smiled as Jeremy lifted her over the railing and onto the field, kissing her for everyone to see. I felt Aaron squeeze my hand and turned to look at him. Before I could even smile, he caught my lips in a kiss of our own. His lips were warm and salty with sweat. I jumped when I heard someone clearing their throat. A deep blush crept across my cheeks as I cringed and turned to see who had been spying on us. My eyes became saucers as I looked at the person before my. I heard Aaron sigh, \"Hey, Skylar.\" I looked at him with raised eyebrows, willing him to introduce me. He sighed again and stood, pulling me up with him. \"Skylar, Anna Kate. Anna Kate, Skylar.\" Skylar and I shook hands as I willed myself not to scream my head of and ask for his autograph. \" Very nice to meet you, Anna Kate.\" \"You too,\" I replied, giggling stupidly. Aaron cleared his throat, and I realized a little too late that I had made him uncomfortable. Feeling terrible, I quickly told Skylar that Aaron and I had lunch plans but it had been very nice to meet him. As Aaron led my off the field, he was unusually quiet. After a while, I bumped him with my hip. He looked over at me and smiled half-heartedly. \"What is up with you?\" I asked, knowing exactly what was up. \"Nothing,\" he insisted. I let out an exasperated sigh, stopping in the middle of the field and yanking him to halt. \"Aaron, I don't like Skylar,\" I stated simply. \"At all.\" I stood looking up at him for a few seconds, waiting for the huge, babyish smile I had come to love. Sure enough, Aaron's face broke into a grin. \"I know, I know,\" He said. \"But I must warn you, I'm a very jealous man. Plus, Skylar is totally the hit 'em and quit 'em type.\" \"Oh, really?\" I said laughing. \"Really,\" he said with a mock serious face. \"Come on,\" I said, shaking my head and pulling his hand. We reached the sidewalk, and Aaron hailed us a cab. He held the door for me, as usual, and I slid into the seat smiling as he did the same. Aaron gave the cab driver the address to our apartment complex. \"Excuse me, sir. I am counting on a lunch date,\" I said in a teasing voice although I really was disappointed. \" I know.\" He smiled mischievously and kissed me on the cheek. I raised my eyebrows at him. \"I bet you didn't know this, but I hate surprises.\" I smiled. \"You better be joking or you're totally throwing a wrench in my plan.\" \"I'm joking, but can't you just tell me what you've got planned.\" \"Mmmm...no.\" \"A hint?\" \"It's this big romantic gesture. You're gonna think I'm so cute.\" \"I always think you're so cute,\" I giggled. \"But what about Meghan and Jeremy?\" I was suddenly aware that I may have just completely ignored the 'sisters before misters' rule. Oops. \"Don't worry. Jeremy has his own romantic gesture planned.\" \"How do you two fit so much adorable into one little apartment?\" I giggled. The cab driver looked back at us, an annoyed look on his face. \"H ere you go.\" Aaron smiled and paid him, getting out before me so that he could hold the door. Apparently chivalry hasn't died. \"Why thank you, kind sir,\" I giggled. As I stepped out of the cab, he pulled me close, resting his a hands on my hips and looking down at me. \"You know, I love your accent,\" he said. I blushed, embarrassed once again by the deep southern drawl I had brought with me from home. I looked at my shoes. \" Seriously,\" he said. \"It makes you cuter if that's even possible.\" I looked back up at him, admiring how the corners of his eyes crinkled up when he smiled. I traced the adorable lines around his grin, adoring the way he leaned into my touch. Aaron captured my hand and kissed it, leading me into our apartment complex. \"So what do you got up your sleeve, Tveit?\" I asked in my best Bronx accent. \"You'll see,\" he replied in a singsong voice, planting a quick kiss on my cheek before pressing the elevator button. T he elevator dinged soon enough, and we stepped back to let a young girl step out before we got in. \"Oh my God!\" she exclaimed. \"You're Aaron Tveit!\" \"Yeah…\" Aaron looked extremely uncomfortable. I squeezed his hand, gesturing toward the girl. \"Nice to meet you.\" His voice was still strained. \"You too!\" enthused the girl. \"So is it true you've been cast in Les Mis?\" The girl was practically drooling and I felt like smacking her. \"Uumm...\" Aaron rubbed the back of his neck. \"I can't talk about that at this time.\" He was blushing and looking at me like a scared puppy. The girl either didn't sense his discomfort or was completely ignoring it. \"Well it was nice meeting you, but we have plans,\" I said quickly, pulling Aaron into the elevator. \"Does he live here?\" the girl called to me as the elevator doors slid together lazily. \"No I do!\" I said to the girl, completely exasperated. The elevator began its upward climb and Aaron looked at me, blushing. \" That was thoroughly awkward,\" he said, rubbing the back of his kneck. I smiled, but Aaron saw right through me. \"Anna Kate,\" he said. I looked at my shoes. \"Come on, what're you thinking?\" He lifted my chin and stared into my eyes. \" What was she talking about?\" I asked. I didn't know why I was upset that some fan girl knew more about my boyfriend than I did. We'd only known each other for a couple of days. Aaron sighed and pulled me into a hug as the elevator doors slid open. He kissed the top of my head and pulled back to look at me. \"How about we break for showers then meet in my apartment? I'm pretty gross from the game.\" I smiled at him. \"Kay.\" \"I'll explain everything then.\" We released each other and I headed into the apartment to shower and change. As I washed my long blond hair I took deep breaths, calming myself down. 'You're being stupid' I told myself. 'It's not like he was going to tell you all his deepest secrets after one date' I stepped out of the shower, wrapped my wet locks in a towel, slipped on my pink terrycloth robe, and headed to pick out my outfit. 'I wish Meghan were here' I rifled through my closet until my eye was caught by my favorite white sundress. I admired the key hole back and tiers of eyelet ruffles on the back of the skirt before laying the garment across my bed. I headed back to the bathroom to blow dry my hair and swipe on some makeup before slipping on my dress and favorite strappy mint wedges. I swiped on some EOS lip balm before grabbing my keys and heading out the door. Aaron had left the door unlocked, so I let myself in, tapping softly on the door as it creaked open. \"Aaron I'm…\" My words tapered off as I walked into the living room. T here were candles everywhere. A red plaid blanket was spread out on the floor with two glasses and a bottle of wine waiting on it. Soft music streamed from a hidden stereo. I heard footsteps and whirled around to see Aaron leaning against the doorway smiling at me. He looked irresistible in his khakis and sky blue button down with the top three buttons left open. I ran to him with happy tears in my eyes and smiled when he caught me and lifted me off the ground. \"You're the absolute best,\" I whispered, kissing his cheek. He set me down and smiled. \"Only the best for you.\" I loved how cheesy and cliché he was without even trying. We swayed around the room, my arms draped on his strong shoulders and his around my waist. \"So what's all this for?\" I asked. He chuckled. \"This is how I was going to break the Les Mis news to you, but our new friend seems to have thrown a wrench in that plan.\" \"Well I still have no idea what either of you are talking about, so tell me,\" I said gently. Aaron took my hand and led me to the couch, plopping down and pulling me into his lap. I giggled and snaked my arms around his neck, legs crossed. \"Ok so when I first got cast for Catch Me If You Can, I auditioned for this new movie version of Les Mis, and last night, the producers called and offered me the part of Enjolras.\" \"Aaron, that's great! Why didn't you just tell me last night?\" \"Well, it was pretty late, and I wanted it to be special because…\" he hesitated, tucking a few stray locks of hair behind my ear. \"I'm going to have to leave New York for a few months.\" I tried to conceal my dismay, but my face fell. \"Oh,\" I couldn't think of anything else to say. \"But,\" Aaron continued quickly. \"I don't want this to ruin what we have. I'm prepared to turn down the role if you want me to stay.\" My jaw dropped. I couldn't believe he was willing to give up a major movie role for some girl he'd just met. \"Aaron, you can't do that! This is a huge opportunity for you!\" He looked down then into my eyes. \" I'd rather have you than any movie role.\" I could feel tears welling up in my eyes. I was such a cry baby. \"We just met.\" \"I know,\" he said. \"I know. But I have never had such strong feelings for anyone but you, and I want to have a family someday.\" I smiled at him. \"That doesn't mean you have to give up on your career. You have to do this,\" I said.\"Go become a movie star. I'll be here when you get back.\" He smiled and pressed his forehead to mine. I closed my eyes and sighed. This was pure bliss. ","Summary":" I sighed happily as I walked with my best friend, Meghan, through the stage door of the Neil Simon "},{"Movie":"Catch Me If You Can, 2002","Title":"Glint","Author":"CrystalWolfShining","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10246974","Passage":"[Chapter 1] For the purposes of this story, the girl's name is Susan. He's brought into that room, filled with people and he doesn't know. He doesn't know what they're prattling on about, and he doesn't know who the little girl is, with the dark hair and eyes too wise for her age. Until they say he has to choose. Then they give him time and start discussing her like she isn't there. Her name's Susan. Mom had an affair. Mom and Jack don't want her anymore, she's too sad and as they talk she has a look, like she doesn't want to go back to Jack anyway, but is at the same time sad that they don't want her. Then he looks at the paperwork in front of him, and the paperwork sitting next to him. And Frank makes a choice. The authorities think Mom and Jack kept the girl after all. Mom and Jack think they took her with them and focus on worrying about Frank. She's really eating dinner at a hotel with Frank. When he pretends he's researching Pan Am for his school, she's right there listening. He takes her everywhere. He says his parents made him take her with him, and the man doesn't question it. He thinks she's cute, carrying her brother's camera. She watches Frank lay out checks on the floor of their hotel room as she eats an ice-cream sundae. She knows that what he does is not right, but she doesn't care. She likes this better than Jack and Paula. Frankie buys her nice dresses and lets her call him brother, if she wants. She likes to play with the plastic planes after he's taken off the stickers, and he even bought her some paints to paint some of them to make them look different. She likes it. When the attendant asks if he's her deadhead, he makes sure there's a place for Susan on the plane. \"Of course,\" she says. There are usually a few extra seats, and family flies free. She watches as he dangles a glinting pendant from his fingers. \"Is this yours? It must have slipped right off your neck.\" The stewardesses are all enamored with her, with her pretty dark hair and quiet manners; and when he talks about her none of his pride and fondness is pretend. She starts to not be so shy. Whenever Frank has a girl, he gets two hotel rooms. He's not going to just put Susan out for a few hours while he's having fun with whatever stewardess has caught his eye. Susan knows what he's doing, she's not stupid. She doesn't always stay in the room. Sometimes she goes to an open-late restaurant and charms a free sundae from the waitresses, before going back to the room and looking out the window at streetlights and neon glinting in the dark. Agent Carl Hanratty bursts through the door to their hotel room yelling, and she drops the painted plane she was playing with, her eyes wide. She doesn't panic, though. Frankie doesn't burst through the door, so she must not be in danger. Carl finally lowers his gun when he says he's Secret Service, but asks for ID. After yelling that he doesn't want LAPD on his scene, he gestures to her. \"She was with him. I was going to take her out to the car with some of the evidence, I-I don't want to leave her up here alone, and my partner is taking the old man. Hey, do you mind staying here while I do that? I don't want the maid to clean up the crime scene.\" The minute they're out of hearing, they start running. When they hear the agent yelling from the window, he laughs and she giggles. They don't stop the entire time they're running. He calls at Christmas, apologizing. He really means it. Carl asks why he's calling. \"You don't have anyone else besides that little girl, do you?\" He laughs long after the con-man hangs up, though he feels a certain ache in his chest as he does it, one in between sympathy and pity and that feeling he has when Grace doesn't have time to see him. Frankie stops being an airline pilot and starts being a doctor. She watches him put the glinting gold sticker on the counterfeit diploma. When she meets Brenda the nurse smiles at her, her braces glinting. She doesn't like Brenda. She knows that it's not fair, because she has no reason she can think of besides that she wants to keep her brother to herself. She can't bring herself to care. She doesn't tell Frankie. When Frankie tells her he's marrying Brenda she says okay. He's determined to figure out why her eyes look like they did in New Rochelle. Later that night he rocks her, having told her that she will always come first, before Brenda. Her eyes glint with leftover tears and she thinks that this might not be so bad. But she still doesn't like Brenda. Brenda's parents don't know what to make of the boy wanting to marry their daughter. They know even less about the quiet girl he brought with him. She answers their questions even more vaguely than Frank. She's quiet, though, and unobtrusive. She watches. She watches Frankie study for the bar and she watches the odd people that live in the house. At the engagement party, Frankie drags her to the top bedroom with Brenda. She watches the moonlight glint off their faces and knows that this is not going to work out. After escaping out the window she tells Frankie. He gives Brenda the benefit of the doubt. Susan doesn't like the glints in his eye on the way to France. When they get there she hugs him and he breaks down. He loved her. He hasn't been doing well since Brenda betrayed him. He told her all about his dad. She thinks she'd like to meet him. She didn't get to see him the couple of times that Frankie did. Frankie misses his parents, especially his dad. For the first time in a long time, Susan feels afraid. Seven months later, Susan knows French. She refuses to go to bed until he does in a vain attempt to get him to act healthier. Agent Carl Hanratty comes in, and she knows it's all over. She watches Frankie's face, not quite able to hear him over the printers, except sometimes. And she watches Carl's face and thinks that he really wants to help him. Then they walk outside and it all goes to hell. The French police arrive and point guns at them and take Frankie. Before he's taken she hears him yell, \"Take care of my sister, please!\" There's fear in Frankie's gaze and panic in Carl's and she knows. She knows Carl wants to help Frankie and knows that her brother is not going to be okay. After Frankie is taken away, Carl wraps an arm around her and it feels nice even while she's breaking. A tear glints on her cheek. He takes her back to Jack and Paula, and they treat her well enough, if a little distantly. Carl shows up every once in a while to check up on her. She thinks it may be because she kept calling Jack and Paula by their names, but she can't bring herself to care. As far as she's concerned, Paula isn't her mother, and she likes Carl better than Jack anyway. A year later Carl shows up and tells her that he's bringing her brother back to the United States. She's startled when he shows up in front of the window she's gazing from. His hair's long and he's not dressed for this weather. \"My dad?\" She presses her hand against the glass and shakes her head. He just sort of crumples without moving at all and flashing lights glint off the windows. He goes quietly and she wishes that Carl was with her. Jack and Paula haven't even looked out the window. Carl keeps visiting, and brings her to Frankie every once in a while. Jack and Paula tried to keep her from seeing him, but after some words from Carl they don't say anything else about it. Frankie looks like she felt two years ago, before he took her with him. Until Carl picked her up and drove all night so she could watch as Frankie comes alive again figuring out how a check was forged. When they walk out of there, she giggles. Frankie is at the FBI building looking at a new type of check when Carl tells him that he's arranging it so that Susan won't have to stay at Jack and Paula's anymore, because the way Jack used to treat her could be construed as neglect and they don't really want her anyway. Frankie can't adopt her, because he's on parole; but Carl can. Frankie's so happy; he smiles, and his eyes glint suspiciously. Only a couple of days later, Susan walks right into the FBI building like she's meant to be there and hefts herself onto Frankie's desk. After some asking in vain about how she got there, much less in the building, Carl calls her school and Frankie hugs her and starts talking with her. She said she was on a field trip. An hour later, her teacher comes in looking flustered and asking her how she got here. Susan immediately looks innocent and contrite. \"Well, I saw a necklace on the sidewalk and went to pick it up. When I turned around, everyone was gone. I knew where my brother worked, so I came here.\" She glanced up through her lashes. \"By the way, is this yours?\" She dangles a glinting pendant from her fingers. The teacher replied that it was. \"It was the one I found on the sidewalk. It must've slipped right off your neck.\"[Chapter 2] Booking It In this AU I consider Susan to be 10 years old (4th grade) when Frank took her with him. He's just started \"deadheading,\" so it's late February, '65. Also, I know that Frank's parents divorced in '62 and he ran away in '64, but I moved both events to the same time in '64. I am not familiar with how to obtain school books in 1965 or at all, so some suspension of belief may be necessary. I apologize for leaving it as long as I did. You guys wanted more, so I almost immediately got this idea. I wrote and I researched, then… I drew a blank. It was far too short, so I tried to write more. Then I got sidetracked for a long time. Finally, last night, at 1:30 in the morning, it finally hit me what I wanted to write, so I put it down in the Notes of my iPod. \"Brother? I don't want to.\" Frank Abagnale looked at his sister. \"Susan, you need to have some school. I won't have you not learn anything while we're hopping around like this. Don't worry, I'll teach you. I taught my class.\" She looked up at him with wide eyes as they stopped at a red light. \"Really?\" \"Yeah, I did. I'll tell you about it on the way back.\" They pulled into the driveway of a school supply store and walked in. \"Can I help you, sir?\" Frank smiled charmingly at the man behind the desk. \"Yes. I am from an elementary school in Manhattan. We are interested in keeping our school supplies up-to-date, and I have been sent to see your wares and to purchase a sample to bring back with me, if possible.\" He motioned to the girl at his side. \"This is, Susan, a student of mine. She's doing a project for her class and volunteered to help me today.\" The man smiled at them. \"Of course. Right this way.\" They left an hour later with a three boxes filled full of books, like the Macmillan Spelling Series and Fun With Dick and Jane. Susan laughed until she cried when Frank told her about pretending to be a substitute teacher and taught his class. After that, Susan spent much of her time while on flights bent over one of her books. Curious flight attendants were told that she was enrolled in a special program in a private school, allowing her to take her school with them. Spare moments found them looking at dog-eared pages where she didn't understand something. She was a quick learner, though, and soon she had all but mastered the books presented to her. Not wanting to call attention to themselves by obtaining new schoolbooks, Susan resigned herself to re-reading the old every once in a while, until she left them behind after an FBI agent broke into their hotel room. ","Summary":" For the purposes of this story, the girl's name is Susan. He's brought into that room, filled with "},{"Movie":"Catch Me If You Can, 2002","Title":"Two Little Mice","Author":"Mortal Instrument","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9007007","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: well, sorry to disappoint you all, but I (obviously) don't own Catch Me if You Can . Frank calls. He really has no one else to talk to and Carl can't help feeling the tiniest bit sorry for the kid. The first few times he calls, Carl laughs, and it eases his own pain. After awhile, it becomes more of the fact that Carl is the only one Frank has. Frank starts to treat him like a father, and Carl starts to treat the kid as a son. They always talk on Christmas now; it's become a tradition, the cop and the robber talking together. \"Hey Carl.\" It's always the same conversation, except tonight's Christmas Eve and Carl has been sitting at his desk eating Chinese food waiting for the call he knows will come. \"Hey Frank. Merry Christmas.\" \"Yeah, Merry Christmas. Do you have any kids Carl?\" Carl is prepared for any question. Except that one. \"Yeah. Uh, a daughter. Grace.\" \"How old was she when you got divorced?\" \"Fourteen\" Carl replies, realizing with a pang that she was only two years younger than Frank when his parents divorced. \"Can you do me a favor?\" the tone of the kid's voice is soft and almost pleading. \"What, Frank?\" Carl asks. \"Call her. Please. You still have time. She still loves you,\" replies Frank, struggling to keep the emotion out of his voice. Carl hesitates, pausing awkwardly, \"sure, Frank. I will. Did-did you ever hate your parents when they split?\" There's a long pause at the other end and Carl thinks maybe the line's gone dead or the kid's hung up, when \"no. I-I really can't hate them. They're my parents.\" Carl sighs, unsure of what to say. \"Well, you know what would happen if I go back now\" Frank fills in, his voice dulled with sadness. Carl realizes that Frank isn't a cold con man who doesn't give a shit; he's just a scared, lonely kid. \"Yeah. I guess I do. You have any kids?\" Carl asks, fishing around for any sort of clue. He is surprised to hear Frank's dry chuckle over the line, \"now I know what you want.\" Carl can't help but smirk, knowing the kid's too smart to be caught by a trick like that. \"No. If you really want to know the answer, it's no.\" The firmness in Frank's voice surprises Carl, he knows the kid wanted to settle down and was planning to get married. Before he can stop it, he asks \"why not?\" \"They're too much of a commitment. I'd be tied down, and then, well, you know what'd happen\" Frank laughs. \"Frank, do you ever get lonely?\" Carl knows it's a stupid question, but he can't help asking it. \"What do you think?\" Frank asks quietly, and so softly Carl almost doesn't catch it. Carl sighs, \"in all honesty Frank, I just don't know.\" There's a soft click at the other end of the phone and he knows Frank isn't there anymore, but he still whispers \"Merry Christmas, kid.\" ~.~ Two years later, watching Frank collapse inside the tiny French prison cell, Carl feels all the paternal instincts he's tried to keep bottle up. And then standing over Frank in the infirmary wing of the Perpignan prison and watching him toss and turn deliriously, thrashing in the blankets, Carl realizes he knew the answer all along. He slowly sits down in the chair next to Frank's bed and presses a cautious hand to Frank's burning forehead, hoping Frank won't wake up at the slight touch. Though Frank was still thrashing, trapped in a feverish delirium, he turned into Carl's touch and Carl distinctly heard him murmur, \"Carl…Carl…please. Call…\" A/N: (also reposting this) I wanted to do a Catch Me if You Can fic with no slash! Anyway please review if you feel so inclined…would be amazing and awesome and sweet and generous…thanks![Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don't own anything… Carl Hanratty glanced over at the sleeping kid slouched in the coach airplane seat. Yeah, even he had to admit that Frank Abagnale Jr. looked young and innocent when he slept. The kid honestly did not look like someone who could or even did steal more than one million dollars in checks. The kid stirred and started to wake as the plane circled New York City. \"Morning, kid\" Carl said quietly. \"What time is it?\" Frank groaned softly. \"Morning. How're you feeling?\" \"Fine, I guess\" Frank replied, \"Carl when do I get to call my dad?\" This question hit Hanratty and he almost felt sick. Slowly he unclipped his seat belt and shifted over, trying to avoid looking at Frank. \"Frank, your father's dead. He fell down some steps at Grand Central Terminal trying to catch a train and he broke his neck. I'm sorry Frank, I didn't want to be the one to tell you\" Carl finally met Frank's pain-filled eyes. \"Why? Why'd you lie to me?\" Frank demanded angrily, attracting the attention of Fox and Amdursky, who were sitting across the aisle. \"Carl, I think I'm gonna be sick.\" Carl followed the kid, only to have the bathroom door violently slammed in his face. He stood outside patiently waiting, while the kid sobbed. He knew it was stupid to lie to a conman. Hours later, driving to Frank's mother's house, Carl sickeningly remembered how vulnerable and young Frank had looked. He was reminded of another time, not so long ago, when Frank had looked that vulnerable. Carl slowly sank into the rickety chair in the Perpignan prison infirmary. He was honestly surprised this prison even had an infirmary. Looking around, it was obvious it hadn't been used in awhile. It had also taken awhile to convince the guards that a certain conman actually needed medical attention. That certain conman was now tossing and turning feverishly on the narrow infirmary cot, tangling the thin blanket around his thrashing body. Carl winced inwardly at the condition of the kid. He knew French prisons were brutal, but this was just… It must have been sometime around midnight when Frank finally woke up, somewhat lucid. \" Carl?\" he mumbled, as his eyes flickered open. \" Yeah, kid?\" Carl felt an unusual tightness in his throat as he realized that the first person Frank had asked for was him. Frank turned towards Carl \" 'm cold,\" he whimpered. His eyes were shiny with fever, and he struggled to pull the thin blanket higher up against his shoulder. Carl sighed. He had already tried asking the guards for another blanket, but of course they had refused. He pulled off his coat and draped it over Frank. Frank smiled weakly and pulled the coat up to his shoulders. \" Thanks\" he whispered. Carl swallowed hard, he knew Frank was so sick that he wouldn't remember this brief moment. For a second Carl almost wished he would. \" Just get some sleep,\" Carl said, trying (and failing) to be indifferent. As much as he tried to pretend he didn't care, he really did care about Frank. \" Don't go\" Frank whispered exhaustedly, desperately trying to keep his eyes open. \" I'm not going anywhere kid\" Carl reassured, but Frank was already asleep. The Christmas after Frank was released from prison, Carl found a carefully folded and worn coat on his desk and a handwritten note tucked into a pocket. Dear Carl, Thanks so much. Too bad they threw it out. Frank ","Summary":" Disclaimer: well, sorry to disappoint you all, but I (obviously) don't own Catch Me if You Can . Fr"},{"Movie":"Catch Me If You Can, 2002","Title":"The Secrets of the Game","Author":"imdrowninginfootwear","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6373117","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Look behind you! There's no one chasing you! I'll see you at work Monday!\" Carl yelled as he left the tunnel. Frank laughed to himself, he knew it would be hard without the chase, but come Tuesday morning, he knew it would be right back. And besides if it wasn't, he could start a new life, and make a family, try to help others to make up for his wrongs. Wouldn't it be great to see the look on Carl's face when he didn't show up to work, sure he had been good to Frank at the end, but could he really sit in that office every day? Although did he really have anything to live for with his dad dead anyways? Besides it would be helping people to work with the FBI, but he wanted to help a specific group of people. People like his family, or like his family was, the poor, not the big shots at the banks. Maybe, just maybe if he could help others he could in turn forgive himself. After all, was it not his fault his dad was dead? Sure he didn't physically trip him on those stairs, but his dad was coming to visit him, if he hadn't run away in the first place his dad would still be alive. Frank was stuck in this constant train of thought, fighting with himself over what to do. Dammit Carl! He thought, this was his plan to plant the idea in his mind of going back, and then his thoughts were making it grow and grow and grow. That just couldn't be allowed, no . . . it couldn't, he wasn't going to go back and give that bastard the satisfaction. When he got off the plane he looked around and took in the sights around him before walking into the airport. He had never been somewhere as beautiful as this. As he walked out of the airport there was a giant sign greeting him 'Welcome to Alaska.' Monday morning when Carl walked into the office he felt very confident that he was going to see that oh so familiar face. Over the years that face had become imprinted in his mind, etched into his very nightmare. But the nightmares were over, over since the day he was caught. He walked over to Frank's office with a grin spread across his face. He opened the door and began to say 'I told you so!' but then he realized that there was no one there and quickly closed his mouth. He must just be running late, or screwing with me, or in the washroom . . . Carl desperately tried to convince himself. He walked over to the break room, but there was absolutely no sign of Frank. He then checked the men's washroom, but it was completely empty. Finally he went to his own office, but it was empty, Carl was starting to feel like he was going to lose it. He began to feel very light-headed, and was beginning to have a panic attack. He quickly sat in his desk's chair and realized that he was beginning to hyper-ventilate. Just as he got his breathing back under control his phone began to ring. \"Hello?\" Carl answered wearily. \"Hi!\" An over-cheery voice responded. Not just any voice though, Frank William Abignale Junior's voice, the voice that had haunted him for more than two years. \"Frank,\" Carl muttered. \"Sorry, but I don't think I can make it to work today!\" He said in a cocky voice, \"You know I really hate to do this to you, I hate hurting you Carl!\" His voice completely gave away that he didn't mean a word he had said. \"You'll be back I know it!\" Hanratty said matching Frank's tone. \"Oh really? Because I truly don't think so! Remember when I was begging you not to chase me? I still remember that and I still remember why! I am not giving up my chance at freedom! And besides what would my father think of me working with the FBI?\" Frank asked. Carl sat in silence assuming it was a rhetorical question. \"Exactly, that's what I thought! Bye Carl!\" Frank said in a mocking tone. Hanratty hung up his phone and physically covered his mouth in an attempt not to scream; unfortunately he had been saving this scream up for a long time. This was not the kind of the scream you could hide with your hands . . . this was the kind of scream that causes six FBI agents to run into your office with their guns held up. A/N: Yay! I made this story for two reasons A) I love this movie B) This movie needed a category! I hope you like it so far, if so please review and I'll update soon! :D[Chapter 2] Hanratty hung up his phone and physically covered his mouth in an attempt not to scream; unfortunately he had been saving this scream up for a long time. This was not the kind of scream you could hide with your hands . . . this was the kind of scream that causes six FBI agents to run into your office with their guns held up. \"What's wrong?\" One of the agents quickly asked confused. \"I just got a call from Frank Abagnale, he escaped,\" Carl explained. \"He escaped? How did he just escape?\" Carl's superior was yelling. \"I don't know,\" Hanratty lied. \"Oh I'm sure you don't,\" His boss said sarcastically. \"If you don't get him back then your ass is fired! Now get the hell out of here and start looking! We'll make sure that his face is on every news station around the globe.\" Carl Hanratty quickly got into his car and rushed over to the airport where he had last seen Frank. He walked over to the worker at the desk where they had been selling tickets for his flight and flashed her his badge. \"I need to see your records of ticket buyers,\" Carl told her then went onto explain for which flight and that the man he was looking for would have paid by check. \"There's only one man who paid with a check,\" The woman told him. \"A Carl Hanratty.\" \"Of course he would have used my name,\" Carl murmured to himself. \"And where was that flight going again?\" \" International flight A333 is now boarding,\" a voice said over the intercom. Carl quickly ran to catch his flight. Meanwhile Frank was laying on the bed in his hotel room looking at the classifieds in a local newspaper. He had decided that he wanted to make an honest living this time and to always pay in cash in the hopes that he could remain free. He circled one in a red marker, then got up and walked to the washroom. He had grown to love his long hair, but he knew that it had to go. He grabbed his new electric razor and turned it on to begin the process of shaving his head. When he had finally finished he looked in the mirror thrilled by his results. He knew that he would not be recognized looking like this and was glad to see that it made him look a few years older as well. Carl Hanratty got off of his plane and asked an employee in the airport where the most expensive local hotel was located, figuring that would be the first place to look. After he was given directions and a name he exited the airport seeing a sign welcoming him to London, England. A/N: Please read and review! Thanks to everyone who reviewed the first chapter. Sorry that it took me a thousand years to update and that this chapter is short. I'm not so good at the long chapter thing . . . I'll try and update soon hopefully. ","Summary":" \"Look behind you! There's no one chasing you! I'll see you at work Monday!\" Carl yelled as he lef"},{"Movie":"Sabrina, 1995","Title":"Sabrina extended","Author":"Mionefan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6532251","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sabrina Chapter 1 A/N: This is a fanfiction story based on the Movie Sabrina (1995 version) No money is being made and copyright infringement is not intended. That being said, Paramount Pictures and their agents own the characters and back-story. The story continues after the film ends. Cast of characters from the 1995 movie Sabrina: Harrison Ford (Linus Larrabee) Julia Ormond (Sabrina Fairchild) Greg Kinnear (David Larrabee) Nancy Marchand (Maude Larrabee) John Wood (Thomas Fairchild) (her father) Richard Crenna (Patrick Tyson) Angie Dickinson (Ingrid Tyson) Lauren Holly (Elizabeth Tyson) Dana Ivey (Mack)(Miss Macardle) Miriam Colon (Rosa) Elizabeth Franz (Joanna) Irene (Fanny Ardant) Martine (Valérie Lemercier) Patrick Bruel (Louis) Scene in Paris, evening. Linus had arrived just before Sabrina in front of her apartment in Paris. He was nervous; how would she receive him? He knew he'd blown his chance with her in New York. Would she ever trust him again? (Taxi driver) \"Bonsoir.\" (Sabrina) \"Bonsoir.\" Sabrina picked up her bags and was about to enter her apartment when she spotted Linus in the shadows of a car-parking garage across the street. Her jaw dropped; Linus was the last person she expected to see there. (Linus) \"Paris is always a good idea you said. You said I'd be happy here. You couldn't have meant without you.\" (Sabrina) \"How did you know where to find me?\" (Linus) \"Your father, I told him I need you. I told him I'd make you happy. I promised him.\" (Sabrina) \"I thought it was all a lie.\" (Linus) \"So did I. But something happened. It was a lie. And then it was a dream.\" (Sabrina) \"I don't know how to believe you. How can I ever…?\" (Linus) \"Because you know me! Better than anyone else. I think you know I love you! And you promised. If there was anything you could ever do.\" (pause) \"I've been following in footsteps all my life. Save me, Sabrina Fair, You're the only one who can.\" Linus closed the distance between them and her arms tentatively went around him. Her head rested on his shoulder a moment as they hugged. Finally they broke apart slightly and a small smile crept over her lips. Linus drew her closer and they kissed lightly. Sabrina's heart soared and they deepened the kiss. Minutes later they were still kissing; Linus placing small kisses on her face, neck and ear, finally cupping her face and kissing her deeply. Her hands wound through his hair as she hung on for the most wonderful kiss of her life. Her heart pounded and her knees felt weak. Nothing she had ever experienced could equal the love she felt for this man. \"We should go inside,\" she finally gasped. \"You must be exhausted, I know I am.\" Linus was still caught up in the emotion of their kiss. \"Um, yeah, I guess.\" \"You'll stay here tonight, of course, Linus. I'm sure there's a spare bed.\" \"Sabrina?\" \"Yes Linus?\" \"I'm sorry for the way I've acted. I've been a complete fool. You're the only one that I've ever let get close to me. I hated myself for saying the things I did last night. Please forgive me darling. This morning I finally realized I could never live without you. \"Oh Linus! I said it in New York and I'll say it again: You make me so happy. Deliriously happy; of course I forgive you.\" Sabrina led him into her apartment and set her bags to one side. \"Only one bag, Linus?\" \"My mother and Mack packed for me on short notice. David has taken over the business for me; I didn't have time to properly pack. I barely had time to reach the airport to catch the Concorde. I'll have to shop tomorrow.\" \"We'll have to shop tomorrow,\" she remonstrated. \"I can't have my boyfriend escorting me looking shabby,\" she smirked. \"I'll pull out the couch for tonight; it converts to a quite comfortable bed.\" Linus smiled tiredly at that. \"The couch will be fine Sabrina, we'll arrange things tomorrow. I want you to show me Paris.\" The next day they walked to her favorite bridge across the Seine, lost in each other's arms. As they gazed across the river, each wondered how their lives had changed so quickly. Linus had been working to finalize the deal to merge Larrabee Corporation with Tyson Electronics. It was a billion dollar deal and Sabrina had inconveniently gotten in the way. His brother David was engaged to Doctor Elizabeth Tyson, daughter of Patrick and Ingrid Tyson. Tyson Electronics had the patents on the hottest, virtually indestructible flat panel display technology. David. David, whose wandering eye had seen many relationships that never seemed to last more than two dates, had finally been caught and a wedding date set to the beautiful redheaded Elizabeth. David, who suddenly discovered that Sabrina, the family's chauffeur's daughter was suddenly back from Paris and capturing his heart. Linus was unwilling to blow a billion dollar deal if David suddenly dumped Elizabeth, so he quickly made plans to distract Sabrina from the crush she'd had all those years for David. A fortuitous accident with a champagne flute laid David up for several days and Linus took the opportunity to wine and dine Sabrina. A flight to Martha's Vineyard for photos of the family summer cottage, a clam bake on the beach and a late dinner at a Moroccan restaurant had both of them confiding in each other. After arranging a pair of tickets to Paris for the both of them, with Sabrina finally confessing her love to Linus, he couldn't go through with his plan to dump her in Paris. So she left, alone and heartbroken. The next day, things fell apart when David found out what he'd done and decided that Linus was really in love with Sabrina and he was really in love with Elizabeth. Arrangements were changed and Linus found himself in Paris, still not quite sure what happened, but strangely happy at the turn of events. He'd done some soul searching on the flight to Paris and realized what a fool he'd been. She'd somehow managed to capture his heart quite without meaning to. Sabrina was also lost in thought that day. Here was this man that she'd known all her life but had never really thought about and now was the most important person in her life. It was a strange relationship, for he was several years older the she and a very successful businessman. He still had that boyish charm and when he laughed, her heart melted. Still, she had been obsessed with his younger brother David for years, knowing he never noticed the chauffeur's daughter. She'd worn long bushy hair and glasses for most of her life and when her father had informed her that Mrs. Larrabee had arranged a job in Paris at Vogue Magazine for her, she reluctantly rook it. It would take her away from David, but she knew that was for the best. Her father wanted her to experience the world and forget her obsession with David. And in the two years she'd been away, it had almost worked. She'd met Louis, the handsome photographer for Vogue. She thought she could love him, but David kept getting in the way of her thoughts. Finally, a letter from her father telling of David's engagement made up her mind. She had to see him again. David still had a hold on her and so she finished her work at Vogue, learning a good deal in the two years. She had become a very good photographer with lots of help and encouragement from Louis. Her last letter home told of her love of Paris and that she would surprise them when she arrived back home on Long Island. She'd missed her father and friendly staff at the Larrabee estate. But most of all, she missed David Larrabee. What happened next led inexorably to the present. David, after having one dance with her at Maude Larrabee's birthday party, had sat on a pair of champagne flutes and had been hospitalized. He was recovering at home, but was heavily sedated. Linus had brought the champagne with him to the Solarium where she was supposed to meet David. Explaining what had happened to David, Linus had taken over, dancing with her. As the music and dance ended, he had kissed her. She was so shocked when he told her that that was the rest of the message from David, that she slapped him, then apologized. The next day, Linus arranged for her to take photographs at the summer cottage. And it continued from there. She found herself growing closer to Linus, enjoying his quick wit but also seeing the loneliness he rarely showed. It culminated in the offer to accompany him to Paris and their first real kiss. That was when her world fell apart. He'd broken down and told her it was a business tactic and he couldn't follow through with the plan. A plan he himself had made. She refused the offered money and apartment, instead, taking the plane ticket back to Paris. She hoped to heal her broken heart in the place she had loved so well. Then he had appeared and suddenly her heart was soaring once again. Breaking out of their reverie, the two lovers went about exploring the city. Sabrina took Linus to her old haunts, showing him the parts she most liked. The usual landmarks: The Eiffel Tower, the Arc de Triomphe, Notre Dame de Paris, The Louvre, Basilica of the Sacré Coeur, Tuileries Gardens and the Champ de Mars. That had taken the better part of the week and between shopping for clothing and eating, the pair were thoroughly exhausted by week's end. Linus made the next suggestion. \"I think your apartment is a bit too small for the two of us. Find a location you'd really like to live and we'll rent a place that has enough room for us to move around a bit. We can always decide later on a permanent home.\" Sabrina thought for a minute. \"Maybe Irene would have an idea.\" \"Irene? \"Oh, that's right, you haven't met any of my friends here yet. You'll love them. Irene was my boss at Vogue and a wonderful mentor. Louis taught me everything I know about photography. Martine, well, Martine was a tough taskmistress, but I learned a lot from her.\" \"I'd love to meet your friends. My mother apparently knows Irene, if she's in charge of Vogue Paris.\" \"Yes, my father mentioned that. It was a wonderful experience. I'll phone her and see if she's free.\" A quick phone call and they were soon walking to the Vogue Paris offices. Irene greeted Sabrina warmly. \"Sabrina, back already? You hardly left. And is this the David you so often talked about?\" \"Irene, I'd like you to meet Linus Larrabee. Linus is David's brother.\" \"Oh?\" she sounded surprised. \"You never mentioned Linus, I'm pleased to meet you Linus.\" \"The pleasure is mine, Irene. I understand you know my mother Maude.\" \"Indeed I do. So, Sabrina, what are you two doing back in Paris?\" \"It's a long story. Linus is my boyfriend, he followed me to Paris.\" \"Boyfriend? I'd say he looks a lot closer than that Sabrina.\" Both Sabrina and Linus had the good graces to blush. In truth, they were lovers and had consummated their relationship their first full day in Paris. Linus hadn't proposed yet, but both knew it was just a matter of time. \"Boyfriend, Irene, we are in love and I promised to show him the city. He's moved in with me but my apartment is too small. I thought you'd have an idea where we should look for a bigger place that we could be close to the heart of the city. A nice quiet neighborhood that has a view of the Seine.\" \"I might have an idea, but you really should see an agent. Remember when you moved here two years ago, I used an agent to find you a place close to work. I'm sure the same agent can help again. I'll contact her and let you know. Where are you staying?\" \"Oh, we're in the same place as before. Luckily the apartment hadn't been rented yet and I was able to move right in. It is a little cramped now and poor Linus has been relegated to the fold away bed.\" \"Not in your bed?\" Irene teased. Sabrina blushed a bright red. \"Irene!\" Linus came to her rescue. \"No, she has a single bed, it's quite unsuitable for two.\" \"Oh, but you must have at least tried it,\" Irene continued to tease. Both blushed at that and quietly admitted they had. Irene laughed a rich musical laugh. \"You two are too easy to tease. I'm sorry. Have you seen Louis and Martine yet?\" \"No, are they in today? I'm dying to see Louis.\" \"Louis didn't take it well when you left, Sabrina. He'd developed feelings for you. Just so you know. Both Louis and Martine are on a photo shoot today near the Arc de Triomphe. I'll talk to Louis and break the news to him. Maybe you can see him next week. He's pretty busy right now. Martine would love to see you but she's busy until next week as well. I'll arrange a small get together for say Wednesday next week?\" Sabrina was taken aback at this news. She knew Louis had been half in love with her, but they'd decided she had too much baggage with David to get involved. Linus didn't know what to make of this news. This Louis might be a problem and he didn't want to lose Sabrina to a former suitor. It had been difficult enough to pry her away from David. He couldn't lose her now that she'd firmly ensconced herself in his life. Sabrina, seeing the frown on his face and realizing that Linus might feel threatened by her relationship with Louis, hastened to reassure him. \"Linus, Louis was nothing more than a fling when I was desperately trying to forget David. You have nothing to worry about. It's you that I love, more than anything.\" That brought a smile to his face and she could see him relax. He leaned over and kissed her. Irene could see the interplay between the pair and smiled. Louis would not be a problem, but she'd have to deal with him soon. Their time together drew to a close and Irene promised to phone her when her agent friend had found something suitable. Bidding her former boss adieu, Sabrina and Linus returned to her apartment where she showed him just how much she loved him. The small bed got a good workout that night. …..[Chapter 2] Sabrina Chapter 2 A/N: This is a fanfiction story based on the Movie Sabrina (1995 version) No money is being made and copyright infringement is not intended. That being said, Paramount Pictures and their agents own the characters and back-story. The story continues after the film ends. The North Shore of Long Island; Larrabee Estate: Maude Larrabee had been worrying about her oldest son. Linus was her rock in the business world but he was a neophyte when it came to romance. He simply had no experience since he was always so busy running the Larribee Corporation. Sabrina was like a breath of fresh air in his life, but Maude knew Linus always craved the action of business. Sabrina had always been attracted to her younger son David, and how Linus had secured her away from him, she could only guess. The bad judgment he'd shown in dumping her that evening had been a near disaster. David had come to his senses and rescued the situation that had threatened to tear the family apart. She had to smile as she remembered the look on Linus' face when he found out his bag was packed. Now, however, it had been two weeks and she hadn't heard a word. Well, at least he hadn't come home. Maybe Fairchild had heard from his daughter. \"Mr. Tom.\" \"Yes Rosa?\" \"There's a call for you.\" \"Thank you Rosa.\" Thomas Fairchild took the call in his room. \"Hello? Sabrina! How are you? It's been two weeks since you left. Is everything alright?\" \"Dad, I'm fine. Everything's wonderful. I wanted to call, but we've been so busy. Linus arrived just before I did, Dad. Thank you for giving him my address. I can hardly believe all that's happened. I thought I was in love with David, but Linus is so much more… I don't know how to say it. Just so much more than I expected. He's caring and much more loving than David, he makes me laugh at the silliest things. He teases me, and I tease him back. I can't believe we're so totally in love.\" \"Are you sure, Sabrina? Really sure this time? Linus is much older than you; I wouldn't want you to get hurt.\" \"I'm sure, father. I've never been surer of anything in my life. We met Irene yesterday and she's recommended a real estate agent that we'll be seeing tomorrow. The apartment is just too small for the two of us.\" \"Linus has moved in with you?\" he asked in shock. \"Isn't that a bit soon?\" \"Daad. I'm a grown woman. I was a bit unsure at first, but Linus is wonderful and treats me well. I think he'll propose soon.\" \"Now that is sudden,\" Thomas frowned. You've only just got to know him. Be careful Sabrina. I told Linus he doesn't deserve you, but he convinced me that he loves you. I hope it's true.\" I've known him all my life, Dad. I just didn't think of him as someone I could love until we picnicked on Martha's Vineyard. Then we had dinner together and he hinted that he wanted me. Even then, I was wary of him until he phoned me and asked me down to his office without telling me why. I wandered around Manhattan all day before I gathered enough courage to see him. I somehow knew he wanted to tell me he loved me. We kissed and I knew he'd make me happy. Even when he told me it was all a lie I didn't really believe him. I cried all the way back home and all the way to Paris. Then he showed up here and in my heart I knew.\" \"Then I'm happy for you Sabrina. On another note, David has decided to elope with Elizabeth. Word is her parents, or at least her mother wasn't too happy about that. She wanted a big wedding. Her father Patrick seems happy though. Mrs. Larrabee is happy that David is finally going to settle down. Has Linus talked to her yet? I know she keeps asking if I'd heard from you.\" \"Linus is going to phone her tomorrow morning. It's late here and we're both exhausted; we've been eating out at nice restaurants all week. I wanted to cook for him, but there's been no time.\" \"I have some news as well, Sabrina. I've asked Joanna to marry me and she's accepted. I asked her when you left. She's been my best friend for years, always looking out for me and bringing me flowers to brighten my day. I think I love her as much as I did your mother.\" \"Dad, that's wonderful! Have you set a date?\" \"Not yet, but soon. The rest of the staff knows and probably has suspected for some time. I haven't told Mrs. Larrabee yet, but we will in a day or so when we set a date.\" Sabrina stifled a tired yawn. \"I have to go Dad, I'm dead on my feet. We've been all over Paris and most of it on foot. I'll talk to you again in a few days. Love you Dad.\" \"Love you too dear. Give my best to Linus.\" \"I will, bye.\" After she hung up, she told Linus about her dad's engagement. \"He seemed really excited, love. Your mother has been pestering him if he's heard from us and I told him you'd talk to her tomorrow.\" \"I know I should have talked to her days ago, but we've been so busy,\" Linus sighed. Maude has a lot happening right now, what with the company and David… I guess I wanted to give her a bit of breathing room. \"Sabrina?\" \"Yes Linus?\" \"I know we've only been together for a few weeks, but I think I'm ready… no, I know I'm ready. Will you marry me and make me the happiest man in Paris?\" Linus had got down on one knee and produced a small velvet ring box that he held out to her. Sabrina could see the worry on his face, but the surprise of his sudden proposal overwhelmed her. She had been hoping for weeks now that he would propose and as the days dragged on, she was beginning to lose hope. \"Oh Linus!\" she gasped. \"Of course I'll marry you!\" She opened the ring box and beheld a magnificent diamond engagement ring; a spray of smaller diamonds surrounded the central diamond. The ring itself was platinum and he'd somehow managed to get the size perfect when he placed it on her finger. She flung herself into his arms, kissing him everywhere she could reach. His worry suddenly lifted and he grinned. Tiredness suddenly gone, she dragged him to the bed, kissing him senseless. As she lay atop him, she could feel his reaction against her and knew they wouldn't be getting much sleep tonight. \"Linus? \"Yes, Sabina?\" \"You can't tell your mother until I tell Dad.\" \"Why?\" \"Because it would be all over the estate and probably make news headlines before I had a chance to tell Dad. Promise me?\" \"Of course, Love, I promise. When will you tell him?\" \"Tomorrow.\" …..[Chapter 3] Sabrina Chapter 3 A/N: This is a fanfiction story based on the Movie Sabrina (1995 version) No money is being made and copyright infringement is not intended. That being said, Paramount Pictures and their agents own the characters and back-story. The story continues after the film ends. Paris: Linus was having a hard time sleeping. The bed they shared was just big enough to spoon together if they didn't move too much during the night. Several nights Linus had found himself suddenly on the floor as he'd rolled over. Sabrina never had that problem but awoke when she missed the warmth he provided. They definitely needed a larger bed. It was after midnight and a cool breeze drifted through the apartment. Sabrina shivered and snuggled closer to him. She had taken to sleeping with only the barest of nightwear; no bra and bikini panties and the heat from her body provided all the warmth he needed; perhaps too much, as his own body warmed at her closeness. She was currently spooned to his back; her arm flung over his waist, her breasts firmly pressed against his back. Tonight she'd slipped into bed naked and his arousal had kept him awake. They'd made love again after he'd given her the ring; slowly, tenderly and it was the most wonderful feeling he'd ever felt. She could do that to him; bring him almost to the point of tears with her kisses, their emotions taking control as the passion built. As he lay there, he wondered how he'd been so lucky to have her with him; soon to be his wife. He missed her long hair; maybe she would grow it for him. He definitely preferred her with long hair; not that she wasn't entirely delectable with short hair, but long hair suited her. He remembered how long it was when she'd left two years ago. It had flowed halfway down her back, a rich chestnut brown mass, with a slight reddish tint. It drove him crazy when he thought about it. He'd have to ask her… but no, she'd decide for herself. He couldn't try to dictate the way she looked. He loved her however she looked. Sometime today they would be looking at a larger place. If they liked the neighborhood, he'd have a house built. She'd shown him Paris. Oh yes, she'd shown him. The city was alive as no other city he'd been in was. Even New York couldn't compare. She was right when she said the brick building on Martha's Vineyard was new in comparison to many of the buildings right in this section of the city. Sabrina squirmed closer as he rolled over on his back, her arm draped over him and her leg intertwined with his. That was not helping his current problem and he wondered how he'd be able to sleep. \"Linus?\" she whispered softly. \"Are you awake?\" \"Mmmm,\" he murmured. \"Can't sleep. We really need a bigger bed.\" She giggled. \"What, tired of me already? Don't you like snuggling?\" she pouted. \"I love snuggling with you sweetheart,\" he answered softly. \"It's just that part of me wants to snuggle inside of you all the time.\" \"Is that so bad?\" \"No, but I haven't had more than a couple of hours sleep all week.\" \"You need more?\" She sounded offended. \"Oh, I need more, alright. More of you! But how am I going to function if I look like something the cat dragged in when the agent takes us to look at places later today?\" Once more turned into twice more and then the night was over when they finally fell asleep. Yawning widely, Sabrina claimed the shower first, cleaning off the sweat from a wonderful night with Linus. Linus was still sleeping when she exited the shower, dressed and started breakfast. \"Linus,\" she called softly. \"Time to get up, sleepyhead.\" \"In a minute,\" he mumbled. Sleep still claimed him minutes later when she decided to take more drastic measures. Kissing his nose, she pulled the covers off the bed, leaving him shivering in the coolness of the apartment. Finally awake, he slid out of bed and headed for the shower. \"Breakfast will be ready soon,\" she called. Linus always looked forward to the breakfasts she made. Never one to stick to a set sameness; today she had made a nice omelet with a sweet croissant and fruit. The omelet was large enough for two and contained a variety of peppers and shallots with seasoning. It smelled delicious. Yesterday they'd had savory crepes and bacon. Tomorrow, who knew? Fresh squeezed orange juice and coffee were waiting when he finally exited the shower, dressed for the day. \"Mmm, smells good,\" he commented, kissing her and sitting down. \"What time is the agent coming by?\" \"Have you forgotten already?\" she admonished. \"Irene is meeting us at noon and will have the agent with her.\" \"Oh yeah. I'm a bit fuzzy this morning; not really awake yet,\" he smiled and covered his mouth, stifling a yawn. The morning sun streamed in the windows starting to warm the small apartment as they finished breakfast. Today looked to be a nice day after the past week of cloudy and stormy days. The street outside was just drying out as they walked out into what promised to be a gorgeous day. The air smelled fresh after last night's rain and the birds were merrily singing in the trees, as they walked to the river. The walk had become a daily routine and they usually wound up at Sabrina's favorite bridge, the Pont des Arts. \"We should get back,\" she reminded him. I have to phone Dad and you should phone your mother.\" \"It's still early, can't we stay a bit longer? The air smells so good after the rain.\" \"Come on Linus, it's already afternoon in New York.\" They walked back at a leisurely pace, hand in hand, when Linus suddenly paused. She turned, a question in her eyes. \"We should set a date. When would be the best time to marry? Do you have any thoughts on that?\" \"Well,\" she temporized, \"I think it should be soon before it gets too hot.\" \"Here or in New York?\" he prodded. \"Well, all my friends are here, but my father would be upset if…\" \"And mother would be upset if we didn't marry at the estate,\" he finished. \"Then how about a June wedding?\" she suggested, getting excited. It was soon, but still a couple of months away. \"Oh Linus,\" she bubbled, \"A June wedding would be perfect! Of course, the guest list will have to be up to your mother, but I want my friends from here to attend as well.\" \"June would be good, the weather on Long Island has settled down after the coastal storms and is usually sunny. I'll have to talk to Maude first.\" They had arrived back at the tiny apartment and Sabrina quickly dialed her dad. After a long wait, Thomas answered. \"Hello?\" \"Dad!\" \"Sabrina? Is anything wrong? You just talked to me the other day.\" He sounded worried, so Sabrina hurried to reassure him. \"Everything's fine Dad. I wanted you to be the first to know; Linus proposed to me last night! I said yes!\" \"Oh, Sabrina! How wonderful.\" \"We've set the date for a June wedding, hopefully at the Estate. Linus has to talk to Mrs. Larrabee to see if she can arrange it.\" \"June? That's only two months from now, actually less than two months. The timing's a bit short, don't you think?\" \"We wanted to marry before the weather gets too hot, maybe mid June. What do you think? Dad, he makes me so happy, I'd marry him tomorrow if I could.\" \"Mid June sounds fine with me if you're sure…\" \"Dad, I know I had dreams of David for years. I think I realize that they were childhood dreams. Linus is the real thing. He's caring and considerate, loving and funny. I get lost in him when he looks at me. David never did that to me.\" \"Well, at least you've gotten over David. And speaking of David, he and Elizabeth did elope the other day. They're currently in Barbados. Mrs. Larrabee has been handling the Tyson merger by herself, although David has promised to keep in touch. \"When will I see you and Linus?\" \"I don't know Dad, it's all so sudden, and there's so much to do. I'll keep in touch. How are you and Joanna doing? Have you set a date yet?\" she teased. \"Joanna wants a Fall wedding, and no we haven't set a date yet. You'll be the first to know.\" \"I have to go now Dad; Linus needs to phone Mrs. Larrabee.\" After she hung up, Linus asked how he took the news. \"Did he seem upset that I asked you to marry me?\" \"No, sweetheart, Dad was just concerned that the timing was a bit tight. Joanna and he are getting married in the fall, so it's going to be a busy year. David and Elizabeth eloped the other day and are in Barbados.\" \"Well, we knew they were going to elope, and I'm glad he's finally showing some responsibility. Elizabeth will be good for him.\" \"I have to talk to Maude; she must be going mad with the business. Fortunately most of the details were worked out months ago.\" Sabrina handed him the phone and he dialed his mother. \"Maude? How are you?\" An exasperated sigh could be heard from the other end. \"Linus. I'd hoped to hear from you before this. It's been a bit crazy here, what with David and Elizabeth eloping two days ago and leaving me to finish up the merger. How are you and Sabrina getting on?\" \"That's what I called you about mother. I proposed to Sabrina last night and she accepted.\" \"What? That's really fast son. Congratulations! Are you sure about her? Have you set a date? Don't even think of having the wedding anywhere but here. David upset his mother-in-law pretty badly when they eloped. You wouldn't do that to me, would you?\" \"Yes mother, I'm sure. I'm totally in love with her. We were thinking of a mid June wedding, but well, I'm afraid you'll have to organize it. I hate to do this to you on short notice, but Sabrina has her heart set on a June wedding.\" Maude visibly relaxed now that she knew he oldest was getting married. \"June,\" she mused. \"That is short notice, but I can work it out. The guest list will be the tricky part. Has Sabrina talked to her father yet?\" \"She just rang off a few minutes ago. Oh, and Sabrina wants to include her Paris friends in the wedding.\" \"Oh, that's no problem, we'll fly them over. Mid June, you say; any specific date? June weddings are always so hard to arrange, especially on short notice, but I have a few friends that owe me favors.\" \"Well, obviously a Saturday so people don't interrupt their work schedules. How about the seventeenth?\" Linus had just consulted his day planner. \"That's a Saturday? Yes, I see it is.\" They talked for another hour before they reluctantly hung up, wishing each other the best. \"So, she'll arrange it?\" Sabrina asked in delight. \"Yes. She was a bit surprised that it was so soon, but she was the one to push us together; aside from David and Miss Macardle that is,\" he grinned. \"Let's get ready, Linus, we have an appointment, remember.\" \"Yes, we wouldn't want to make Irene and the real estate lady wait.\" A half hour later, they met Irene and Mlle. Ardonne, and drove away in Irene's black VW. …..[Chapter 4] Sabrina Chapter 4 A/N: This is a fanfiction story based on the Movie Sabrina (1995 version) No money is being made and copyright infringement is not intended. That being said, Paramount Pictures and their agents own the characters and back-story. The story continues after the film ends. Paris: Irene introduced Sabrina and Linus to Mlle. Ardonne. \"Please, call me Francine,\" she insisted. \"So, you two are looking for a larger apartment. East or West Bank? We have a few available for rent on both sides. Irene tells me you'd like it within sight of the river.\" Linus answered. \"Yes, Sabrina has shown me all over the city these past few weeks, so she has a better feel for the view she wants. I'd like a place that is in a good neighborhood with easy access to shopping. We'll only be renting for a few months until we have a house built.\" \"Oh, then why don't I also show you some of the better homes for sale. Maybe you'll see one that will suit your tastes and you won't have to have it built. What price range are you looking at?\" \"Well, I don't think money will be a problem, I can afford almost anything you can come up with.\" \"Oh? Are you The Linus Larrabee of Larrabee Communications?\" Linus had the good grace to blush lightly. \"So you've heard of me?\" \"Certainly, Mr. Larrabee, you are well known. In that case, I have a couple of very nice properties that you might be interested in. Irene, The first one is on the Seine but is hardly the best view. The second is… well, it's not on the Seine, but I think you'd love it. It's not even in Paris, but the views are spectacular. It's a converted small castle.\" \"Linus! A castle? We shouldn't be looking at castles!\" \"Sabrina, you've lived in an almost castle all your life. We will want to have children, won't we? Money isn't a consideration, let's see this castle. Francine, just where is it located?\" \"It's an updated and modernized French castle for sale in South Eastern France in the Rhone-Alpes region, near Grenoble. This magnificent property is located on 6 acres of parkland with room for pool, tennis courts, helicopter pad, etc... It has 10 bedrooms, 6 bathrooms and 3 half bathrooms. It has 3+ fireplaces and has controlled gate access. The castle features a Deck/Patio, Fitness Center, Guest House, Hardwood Floors, Media Room/Home Theater, Staff Quarters and a Wine Cellar. The yard and outdoors contains a barn, gardens, mountain view and terrace/outdoor space. Thesquare area is 13,000 sq. ft. (1,208 Sq. m.) situated on 6 is listed at 2,332,000.00 EU, at little over $3,000,000 US, but I'm sure it's open to negotiation. \"Linus! It's too much! Too much money and too big! We don't need something like that.\" \"Sabrina, let's just look at it. I can afford it, now that the Tyson merger is complete. It's a little larger than we need right now, but I'm hoping for lots of children. I'd rather grow into the home than outgrow it. It sounds wonderful. Besides, it sounds like an ideal place for guests and parties. You do want your father to visit and Joanna when they marry.\" Sabrina sighed. \"All right, we'll look, but honestly Linus, I had no idea what you were thinking…\" Irene interrupted. \"Sabrina, that part of France is lovely. You can go skiing in the winter and riding in the summer. Perhaps you would invite me to visit?\" \"Oh, of course, Irene. I still want to see what's available in Paris though.\" \"Then we'll look at a nice place for sale on the West Bank,\" Francine suggested. There are very few places for sale and the luxury apartments for rent or sale are a bit small. They'd looked at the few places available all morning, but either Sabrina or Linus found them unsuitable. There was one place, but it needed extensive renovations and wouldn't be available to live in for at least six months. \"Tomorrow, we'll look at the castle,\" Francine suggested. \"I'll make arrangements today, the owners are away, but the local agent should be available to show us around. This property just came on the market recently and the staff at the office were almost drooling over the place. Six acres might be a bit small, but perhaps some of the surrounding land might also be available. We'll have to get up early, it's a bit of a drive.\" After dropping Linus and Sabrina off, Irene and Francine continued to talk. \"What do you think Francine? Will they fall in love with it?\" \"Oh yes, Irene. It has everything and is close to everything. Torino Italy isn't that far away and Grenoble is world-renowned for skiing and outdoor activities. Sabrina seems a little unsure of herself. How long has she known Mr. Larrabee?\" \"Oh, she's known him all her life, but only recently have they become a couple. Sabrina phoned me early this morning to tell me that Linus had proposed. She seemed very excited.\" \"I should think so. Mr. Larrabee is an excellent catch. He's a bit older than her though; I'm surprised at the apparent age difference. She's what, in her early twenties? He must be over thirty.\" \"Linus is Twenty-nine and she's twenty-two. Seven years isn't that big a difference. When she came here two years ago, she was obsessed with his younger brother David. How Linus managed to make her forget him is a mystery to me. She had a brief affair with my photographer Louis, but David kept getting in the way in her heart. Linus followed her to Paris, so I guess she had developed feeling for him at home. Very sudden, in my opinion, but sometimes love is like that. It certainly was a whirlwind affair.\" \"Interesting, and Mr. Larrabee wants lots of children. I wonder what she thinks about that, she didn't respond when he brought it up, but I could see the shock on her face.\" \"Ah, but did you also see the small smile afterwards? I think our Sabrina will be only too happy to give him a large family.\" \"We're almost to my office, Irene. Would you like to come in and see what I can pull up on the castle?\" \"That would be lovely. I'm excited to see what you've described. Two and a quarter million Euros is a bit pricy for anything I've ever dreamed of. Linus can well afford it, but Sabrina is unused to that amount of wealth. She might still kill the deal.\" \"Oh, I don't think so. Once she sees the property, she'll fall in love with it. Just maybe we can talk the owners down a bit; after all, they're moving for a reason. We just have to find the reason and see if we can take advantage of it.\" …. Linus and Sabrina were in a heated discussion. Not quite an argument, but not far removed. \"Be reasonable Linus. A castle? We'd be lost in there with no one to talk to besides ourselves.\" \"You're forgetting, sweetheart, we'll have servants and I'm sure we'll have neighbors.\" \"Whom we don't know!\" she interjected. \"Ten bedrooms is ridiculous. I know the Larrabee estate has probably that many, but there were four of you living there, well three when your father died.\" \"And only two when I moved out; just David and Maude plus the servants. It was always a full house.\" The discussion lasted until bedtime with Sabrina finally conceding that Linus was probably right. But that didn't mean that she gave in easily; if they bought the castle, Sabrina wanted to put her own stamp on it. Later in bed, Sabrina cuddled next to her betrothed, seeking the warmth only he could provide. A sigh escaped her lips as she thought about all that had happened in such a short time. Soon they were asleep, exhausted from the day spent looking at properties. She awoke during the night and elbowed Linus in the ribs. He groaned and rubbed the spot where her elbow had struck. \"Linus, were you serious when you said we'd have lots of children? You didn't ask me!\" Linus was now wide-awake. \"Well, I only suggested it; can we discuss it in the morning Sabrina?\" \"No, now is a good time! I want children but I'm not sure I want lots of them. How many did you have in mind?\" she asked dangerously. \"Define lots!\" \"Well certainly more than one, probably more than two,\" he said carefully. He now knew that tone in her voice. She was pissed off and he knew better than to push her. After all, she had agreed to at least look at the castle and that had seriously strained their happy state. \"So, more than two then? And just when were you going to tell me that?\" her dangerous tone continued and he actually flinched. \"Sabrina, you know I love you. There's plenty of time for us to work that out. We're not even married yet.\" \"Are you trying to back out of marrying me?\" she asked, her eyes glistening. Before the tears fell, Linus knew he'd have to reassure her. \"Sabrina, I'm not backing out of anything. I want you for my wife! We're still early in our relationship; we can discuss children later. You are my life, I can't live without you.\" A small sob escaped her as she clung to him. \"Never leave me Linus. I couldn't bear it. I love you too.\" With that, the two drifted off to sleep, enfolded in each other's arms. …. The next day, Francine and Irene came by just after breakfast. Linus had awoken early and had a shower before Sabrina had awakened. Sabrina had delayed her shower until after breakfast and as usual cooked a wonderful meal for the two of them. A knock on the door announced the arrival of Irene and Francine. Linus answered the door and ushered the pair into the small apartment. \"Sabrina's just taking a shower and should be ready soon. Why don't you have a seat?\" Francine remained standing, pulling a sheaf of papers from her briefcase. \"I've found a prospectus on the castle and there are some pictures for you both to see.\" Sabrina joined them, toweling her hair dry before blow drying it. The curls were an outrageous mess this morning, but after a quick run through with a brush, they fell neatly into place. \"I could never get ready this quickly with my long hair,\" she explained. \"I'll be ready in a few minutes. Oh, you have pictures. Let's see then. I'd better bring my camera equipment.\" Linus skimmed through the pictures, impressed with what he saw. \"It looks fabulous. Similar in some ways to my family's estate on Long Island.\" Sabrina wanted to study the pictures, but Francine hurried them to the car. \"You can look at them while we drive, Sabrina, Linus told her. \"It's a long drive, almost three hundred miles. Maybe we should fly. I can have a private jet fly us to Grenoble and a helicopter meet us. You mentioned it had a helicopter pad?\" This sounded like the best option and Linus was on the phone to Orly Ouest and soon had arranged travel to Grenoble for four people. \"There will be a helicopter waiting for us in Grenoble, so we have to be at the airport in two hours. How long does it take to get to Orly?\" he asked. \"It's about thirteen kilometers (seven miles) from here. It shouldn't take too long as long as there are no traffic snarls,\" Irene answered. \"Good, we can leave now and take our time. Sabrina, do you have everything? We might have to stay over.\" \"Wait a minute and I'll throw something together. Should I dress casual?\" \"It'll only be the agent meeting us,\" Francine replied. \"Casual, but not too casual. We'd like to make a good impression.\" Half an hour later, Sabrina had changed to a cashmere sweater over a white silk shirt and soft skirt with low heeled pumps. Linus had his power suit on and they were ready to go. The ride to Grenoble took less time than they thought and were soon transferring to a Bell JetRanger helicopter. The flight to the castle took less time than the drive to Orly. Exiting the helicopter, Linus told the pilot that he would contact him when they wished to return. The castle turned out to be exotic. The local agent, a short stout man that introduced himself as Marcelle Vigneaux, met them. After introductions, he showed them the grounds first. As you can see, the grounds are well maintained with flower beds and an arboretum.\" The arboretum was a smaller version of the one on the Larrabee Estate. Sabrina was delighted, as they wandered inside. \"The guest house is behind the main castle, but I'll show you that after we've finished inside.\" Leading them inside, Sabrina was immediately struck with the high ceilings. \"Oh,\" she gasped, it's beautiful! As she wandered through the interior, Linus took the opportunity to talk to the two agents. Irene accompanied Sabrina. \"Where's Linus?\" Sabrina asked. \"I thought we'd look at the place together.\" \"He wanted to talk to the agents for a bit. He'll be along shortly, Irene replied. \"Meanwhile we can wander the main floor.\" Sabrina was dismayed that Linus would abandon her without saying anything. Presently Linus joined her. \"I just wanted to clarify something with the agent. Sorry to leave you without saying anything, Sabrina.\" \"Linus, couldn't it have waited? I want you with me as we inspect the castle.\" \"I wanted to ascertain if the garage is the only one on the property. It turns out that the one attached to the main house is for one car. The rest of the garages are located behind the main building. It wouldn't have worked if we were left with only one covered place for a car.\" \"Still, Linus, please stay with me. This place is so big, I'm afraid of getting lost.\" \"Sorry, sweetheart. Old habits die hard,\" he replied contritely. The rest of the tour went smoothly with Linus examining everything, making notes and Sabrina looking with awe struck eyes as every new facet of the castle presented itself. Francine was right; she loved the place. It had an old world charm that drew her in. She could see them living here, although it needed furniture to make it a home. She'd have to hire an interior decorator, but first she'd have to talk to Linus. There were many decisions to make. …. ","Summary":" Sabrina Chapter 1 A/N: This is a fanfiction story based on the Movie Sabrina (1995 version) No mone"},{"Movie":"Catch Me If You Can, 2002","Title":"Ol' Frankie is Home","Author":"Enjolrass","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8415652","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Woo, Catch Me drabbles! Mostly in honor of the tour going around this fall, otherwise due to my ridiculous love for Catch Me the musical, movie, and book, and the genius behind it all, Frank Abagnale, Jr. Based off a little 30 or so day drabble challenge I thought would be awesome to do. So I'll either keep it Hanratty and Frank's freakin adorable father/son relationship, maybe a few with Brenda, or Frank Sr., who knows. But they'll all involve Frank because anyone who really knows me knows I know Frank like the back of my hand. Anywhoodlie, to prevent rambling further, enjoy! Beginnings. There's no phone booth, there's no cape. There's no Steve McQueen to help me make my great escape. That was for sure. To be truthful, it hadn't really hit him until his feet hit the pavement, pounding with every exaggerated stride he took. The street flew by from there. Not one person gave him a second thought- didn't he hang out with those troublemakers down the street anyways? He ran for his life. He ran from home, from security, from the father and mother he loved so dearly, from everything he knew. A divorce, they told him. He'd seen kids at school disappear because of divorce, when parents split and moved far away. Half of them were never heard from again. The other half turned harsh and cold, and thoughts of either were pushed right out of his head. No , he forced himself to think. I don't have to choose mom, and I don't have to choose dad. Dad. His store was headed straight for its last days in business. How could he leave him? But mom, too. All alone with nobody to look after her (though he had suspicions about the president of the club his dad was in). She said she'd stop smoking, too. How could they make him choose? How could they even consider it? Didn't they know he loved them both so much? Maybe running would bring them back together. Maybe they could be a happy family again. Maybe… But he wouldn't think about any of it. He focused on his stride. Powerful. Purposeful. That distant point in the world calling for him, \"Come.\" He kept running. His eyes searched the streets, the shops, until they fell upon a train station. Frantically, he felt inside his jacket pocket for any spare change. All he had was a checkbook. I'm not afraid of stopping This end could be my start. The kid was miserable, that much Hanratty could tell. Of course he didn't have a whole lot of sympathy. He couldn't. This guy was a con, and it could all be an act. \"Misdirection,\" he remembered himself saying. \"He's a con, he has the technique.\" But this was no technique he'd ever seen. Not the sympathy card. Not the look on his face. \" Your dad's dead, Frank.\" He froze completely, hand still in the air from having gestured at a painting in his head, an alternate ending to this abrupt one he had the wildest, most desperate hopes for. Such desperate hopes. Had it been anyone else, Hanratty would've pitied him. \" Yeah, sorry to be the one to tell you. Metro stairway-\" \" You're lying to me.\" Frank shook his head, turning and walking in a complete circle around him. His eyes were glazed over with tears, try as he might to blink them away, and such only allowed them to fall freely. \" Frank, I wouldn't lie to you.\" \" No!\" His voice cracked, a knot forming in his throat as he willed his tears away. He would not be weak. Not now. \"You don't get to say that! That's not how this ends!\" He was breaking all over. His will was one slip from shattering, and the glue, the feeble hope, the wild, ridiculous determination to continue evading capture wouldn't last long. He was wanted on five continents. Hanratty watched as fellow policemen and agents closed in on Frank. For the first time, or so it seemed, he acknowledged the fact that he was a kid. Just a kid, not even twenty years old. And what nineteen year or so old wouldn't avoid federal prison? He knew the circumstances. He knew the consequences. He knew how it had to end. But for so long he'd been an independent actor, writing, directing, and producing his own scripts. This new direction, this sudden authority Hanratty and the federal government held was so new. So unexpected. He had no business being a con man. He was just a kid. It was for that reason he shooed the others away. Damn the odd looks, the disapproving and the muttering as they backed off and out of the terminal. He was just a kid. Just a kid. Hanratty paused for a moment, watching Frank carefully. He was in a sorry state. Wild eyes, tousled hair, breathing heavily. Desperate for understanding. For a father. How could he have been so cruel? Carefully, he stepped toward him. As he expected, Frank backed away, but he only kept on. \"Frank, I don't have all day.\" But the look in his eyes was a little gentler. A little more understanding. Willing to coax him into giving up. \"They're guarding the perimiter, Frank. If you fly tonight, you face prison in Europe, Asia-\" \"I know.\" It was the first time the kid had spoken since his emotional outbursts, of which he clearly had yet to recover from. He continued. \"If you stay here, there's at least a chance of being treated as a juvenile, maybe a lighter sentence.\" He watched Frank pause, confusion clouding his teary eyes. \"Why are you doing this for me?\" \"I'm arresting you, Frank.\" \"You're treating me like a person.\" Another pause. Hanratty took the chance to stride over and clip one handcuff around Frank's wrist, the other on his. \"You're a kid, Frank. I'm gonna help you out. Alright?\" It took a few moments for the confusion to fade from his expression. Hints of questions passed over his face, but those damn tears were spilling now, and this time, he did nothing to stop them. \"Why do you care?\" Hanratty looked him straight in the eye. He couldn't say it, not again. He'd been a jerk telling him earlier, not at all sympathetic to his own father's death , and now he was going to make up for it. That, and as much as he convinced himself otherwise, he really did care. Despite the handcuff keeping one arm to his side, Frank leaped over and clung to him, burrowing his face in his shoulder. Much to his own surprise, Hanratty found he really didn't mind, and it wasn't long before he returned that hug. \"Come on, Frank, we're outta here.\"[Chapter 2] Movie drabbles this time around~ \"Beginning\" was definitely hardcore musical based. Because the Tveitmeister, and I'm just going to keep picturing the Tveitmeister as Frank and Norbert Leo Butz as Hanratty because frickin bromance guys. for anyone who does not know me and molly personally or my tumblr (url being tveitmeister), the tveitmeister is Aaron Tveit. Also, I chose not to write out the entire \"you swear\" dialogue because that's more Frank trying to put off the inevitable/use misdirection against Hanratty and I wanted to focus more on the concept of accusation. Accusation. You said you'd quit. His mom smoked. And she smoked a lot. Frank was never fond of the cigarette. Years on, he'd still refuse to even drink, maybe a glass of champagne, some wine, but never anything strong. Drunkenness wasn't a part of his lifestyle. He hated it. He hated the stench of alcohol, or a lit cigar. He knew the consequences, and he wasn't too keen on facing them, either, so he didn't smoke, nor drink. In fact, Frank wasn't a big fan of consequences in general. That was for sure. But smoking and drinking, surely that was different. A few flimsy checks wouldn't kill anybody. A cigarette or too much beer could. The consequences couldn't be nearly as high as a deadly alcohol overdose or the nicotine in a cigarette. He never tried to redeem himself. He knew he was a criminal, he knew as much from the very beginning. He was a fraud. Those checks he passed were worthless. The money he gained wasn't his. All the same, sometimes it was nice to imagine a worse lifestyle than his. You said you didn't have a family; you lied to me about that, too! Frank clutched the phony checks as if for dear life. His chest was heaving, sweat dripped down his entire body. That old shop with his precious printers was too hot when they got to working. But it was all he could do to keep his sanity intact. To give him something to live for. What else did he face but prison? Years and years of federal prison? How could he subject himself to such a fate? And so, he printed those checks. So blissfully fake, so close to being the real thing. This was what he'd become. This was what he lived for. This was his purpose. To con the hell out of mankind. Of course that Hanratty had other plans. But he didn't care. Like hell he cared. \" You're gonna have to catch me first.\" No way was he giving up, not now. He was in too deep. It scared him, but he wouldn't admit that. Not now. Not ever. And there was that wedding ring. That damned wedding ring. Hanratty was a liar, just as bad as Frank, wasn't he? How could he trust Hanratty? How did he know he was actually in the FBI? What if he was just going to kill him and take all that money? What if- \"You asked if I have a family. I said I didn't. I had one. Not anymore.\" It took Frank a moment to process his words. I had one. He hadn't necessarily been lying. He just hadn't told him the whole truth. It was Frank's own technique that had cruelly backfired against him. Again he ran for it, bolting for the door as fast as he could, scooping checks into his grasp as he went. He wasn't going to prison, not if he could help it. Not if they couldn't catch him. \"They're gonna kill you, Frank!\" He froze. Slowly, ever so slowly, he turned at the door, just barely meeting Hanratty's expressionless-as-always gaze. Was that fear he saw? It couldn't be. Not from Hanratty, it couldn't. His voice came quietly, cracked. Afraid. \"Is that the truth?\" A pause. \"Yeah.\" Frank swallowed hard, taking a feeble step from the door. \"… You swear?\" Hanratty only nodded.[Chapter 3] Restless. Any city, near or far Feels twice as good as where you are \"Yeah, uh, my name is Frank Williams. I'm a co-pilot for Pan Am based out in San Francisco, I flew out this morning at 8 o'clock and I'm due out at 7 tonight. Now, it's never happened to me before, but I sent my uniform through the hotel to be dry cleaned and apparently they lost it on the way…. Yes, thank you.\" Frank wasn't a co-pilot. He'd set foot inside Pan Am once in his lifetime. And, honestly? He couldn't even fly a kite. But he pretended to. He kept making those phony checks, put on that real uniform with the real wings on it. But he was far from a real pilot. He had that phony FFA license and Pan Am ID on him, too, but they certainly looked real. Frank was good at his job. But his job wasn't flying. No, it was a game of lies. As long as he kept up the façade, the half-truths identity of Frank Williams, he was winning. He kept on running. Kept on passing those fake checks, smiling at the gorgeous tellers and coaxing secrets of the check out of them with his flawless charm. And now, he could do just that wherever he pleased. He could fly out to any Pan Am base without even flying himself. All he had to do was fill out one of those forms and board another airline's next flight to anywhere in the world, paperhanging all the while. He knew he was a crook. He knew everything he was doing was illegal and the only way it could end was in jail. But he could very easily decide when and where that happened, as long as he kept up being a co-pilot. As long as he didn't fly Pan Am, as long as nobody ever recognized him, as long as nobody learned he was 16 and not 26, he was perfectly safe. He always felt safe. Lies came so naturally, so convincingly, and the ladies could be misdirected in just a few words and a flirtatious wink. It was so easy to learn from them. If learning the tricks of the con man's trade was a career path one could study for, Frank was at the top of his class. He loved the chase. The game of cat and mouse with the government. He loved to run, to be free to do as he pleased. He had everything he ever wanted. The fame, the fortune, the ladies, the respect. People looked up to pilots. They controlled the skies. He was a big guy now. He never stayed somewhere very long. He'd fly out to Miami, hook up with a stew, maybe a teller, and stay with them for a week. Soak in the information they had to offer. He often promised he'd return. What could he say? The lies flowed from his mouth. Virtue wasn't one of his virtues. He kept flying. Kept running, and he ran until he couldn't run anymore. But even track runners only have so long to run before the race is over. There are lots of folks that I miss every day Frank Abagnale, Sr. had been dead for seven years. And today would've been his birthday. He dreamed about his childhood often. Coming home after school to a smile from his dad, watching his parents dance around the living room, driving around town with his dad, going out to dinner with him… And now he was gone. It wasn't an open wound any longer to think about his dad. But it was often a searing pain in his chest, when he wondered what his dad would think of him now. If he knew he'd been caught, and was working for the FBI these days. If he could talk to him now. He loved his dad. He'd always loved his dad, like every good son did. But what good son left their father in debt and newly divorced? What kind of a son was Frank? He didn't deserve Carl's sudden care and kindness. He didn't deserve to be let out of prison so early. He just wanted to curl up and die. He wanted his dad back. Frank kept to his tiny office in the back that Monday, staring at a fraudulent check he was supposed to analyze. Through his sorrowful reveries and his anger at how horrible he'd been to his father, he shoved the book of fake checks aside, crossing his arms over the desk and hiding his face in them. He wanted to die. He hated it here. He hated everything. He hated those stupid checks, and that stupid room, and the stupid FBI, and stupid Carl, stupid everything, even his own stupid self. He wanted to run away and never look back. He didn't even care where he ran, or if he flew, or if he got re-arrested. Alright, maybe he cared if he got re-arrested. He glanced at the clock at what seemed like ages later. It was noon. He and Carl had developed a sort of routine, going out to get sandwiches every Monday and Friday for lunch, and usually by now he'd be out to meet him and go. But he stayed where he was, head burrowed in his arms, eyes squeezed shut to keep back his stupid tears. A knock at the door. He didn't answer. But of course Carl walked right in anyways. Carl. He'd done so much for him; lightened his sentence, brought him into the FBI to help him pay off his debt and stop other less experienced paperhangers, taken him under his wing. Treated him like a son. And that's what set him off. He closed the door behind himself, crouching beside the desk. \"… You gonna eat lunch today?\" No response. \"Frank.\" He sighed, just barely lifting his head to glance at Carl. His eyes were rimmed red, tears streaked down his face. \"I'm not hungry.\" It was then that Carl realized what day it was. \"Frank, you've gotta eat something,\" he coaxed. He suddenly looked so small, and felt it too, dropping his head back into his arms, never mind Carl was right there. \"I'm not going anywhere.\" \" Frank. \" He was shaking now, and Carl knew it was because Frank hated crying, especially in front of him. Sighing, he slid his arm around his shoulders, hugging them a little. He let out a choked sob, which was certainly progress, but it broke his heart to see the kid like this. He had such emotional extremes- either he was collected or flying apart, there was no in-between. It was so hard to tell what he was thinking; he so often put on a smile when something was bothering him. But when he flew apart he knew it was something big, or he would be under that emotionless mask as usual. It took him a few minutes to calm down, but by then he'd spoken. \"I'm hungry.\" Carl had to smile at that. \"Come on, Frank. Lunch is on me.\" ","Summary":" Woo, Catch Me drabbles! Mostly in honor of the tour going around this fall, otherwise due to my rid"},{"Movie":"If I Had Wings","Title":"Privé de sortie","Author":"lasurvolte","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13217494","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre : Privé de sortie. Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi Plectrude si ça vous dit ^^) Disclaimer : If I had wings ne m'appartient pas Prompt : Tu ferais mieux d'avoir peur. Alex avait été à l'hôpital et dire que sa mère était furieuse était un euphémisme. Elle n'avait même pas laissé Brad entrer dans la chambre, et elle avait à peine écouté ses excuses, ou même celles d'Alex « c'est ma faute, pas la sienne » . Tout ça parce qu'ils avaient été imprudents – réellement à cause d'Alex qui avait eu envie d'essayer de faire de la trottinette. Ça avait mal tourné quand ils s'étaient retrouvés dans une pente. Alex était tombé, s'était rappé la peau des bras et du visage, avait des bleus partout, s'était même évanoui. Brad avait réussi à se rattraper et n'avait rien eu, mais il n'avait pas pu aider Alex, ni amortir sa chute. La mère d'Alex avait cru faire un arrêt cardiaque en voyant l'état de son fils et avait pété un câble sur Brad, comme quoi il était irresponsable et qu'elle ne lui ferait plus confiance, qu'elle ne lui confierait plus Alex. Et tant pis pour le cross. Alex n'était pas resté à l'hôpital longtemps, mais sa mère l'avait consigné dans sa chambre. Interdiction de sortir jusqu'à nouvel ordre. Si le père d'Alex n'avait pas été là, elle aurait pu poser des murs capitonnés partout dans la maison pour éviter que son fils chéri ne se blesse à nouveau – quand bien même il connaissait la maison par cœur. Interdiction de courir. Interdiction de faire venir Brad à la maison. Et c'était les vacances, donc pas de lycée. Autant dire qu'Alex s'ennuyait comme un rat enfermé dans une cage de vingt centimètres. Ses blessures guérirent vite, et pourtant sa mère continua de le traiter comme un petit animal fragile et Alex commençait sérieusement à devenir grognon. - On a juste fait de la trottinette, comme des millions de gamins avant nous. - Et les millions de gamins avant toi n'ont pas fini à l'hôpital. Rétorqua la mère. - C'est pas comme si ça me faisait peur ! - Et bien c'est peut-être ça qui te manque, la peur. Tu devrais avoir peur. Bon sang Alex, tu sais bien que tu es différent. Alex fronça les sourcils, serra les poings, essaya de rester calme : - J'étais avec Brad, il efface « ma différence ». - Il est aussi inconscient que toi pour t'avoir laisser monter sur une trottinette. - Je lui ai pas laissé le choix. Je ne vois pas pourquoi je devrais arrêter de courir avec lui. Ce n'était qu'un accident. - Il t'a mis en danger. - La vérité c'est que tu ne me vois qu'à travers mes yeux. Il avait dit ça posément malgré toute sa colère et sa frustration. Alex se leva, mettant un terme à cette discussion stérile et alla s'enfermer dans sa chambre. Cette chambre qu'il commençait à haïr, qui était comme une prison. Il tournait dedans comme un lion en cage, sautait sur son lit en mettant la musique à fond pour avoir l'impression de s'occuper, montait et descendait les escaliers de sa maison sans fin, se levait en plein milieu de la nuit complètement réveillé. Julie venait l'occuper mais Julie n'était pas suffisante, Alex avait besoin de courir. Et Brad lui manquait. - Je vais devenir fou, se plaignait-il à son père et sa meilleure amie. Mais personne n'arrivait à convaincre la mère d'Alex qu'elle avait tort de le protéger ainsi, pas après qu'elle l'ait vu à l'hôpital. Elle lui permit de sortir une fois, pour aller faire les courses avec elle et Alex avait tellement l'impression d'étouffer, que faire les courses lui parût être un véritable plaisir. Alex n'en pouvait plus et au moment où il songeait à entamer une grève de la faim jusqu'à ce que sa mère se montre raisonnable, Brad vint mettre fin à son supplice. Alex était allongé sur son lit et n'arrivait pas à dormir, le temps lui paraissait être arrêté, le jour et la nuit se confondaient – encore plus parce qu'il ne voyait pas la différence. Il ne pouvait se fier qu'à sa montre pour voir que le temps s'écoulait, et il commençait à penser qu'elle était détraquée. Il avait les yeux ouverts – pour ce que ça changeait de toute façon quand il entendit les bruits à sa fenêtre. Comme des cailloux qu'on jetterait sur le carreau. Il se leva, ouvrit la fenêtre et pencha la tête à l'extérieur. Alors il entendit un son qui lui fit tellement plaisir que pendant un moment il oublia tout. La voix de Brad. - Hey Alex ! - Brad ! - Julie m'a dit que tu ne supportais plus d'être enfermé chez toi. - J'ai l'impression d'être un condamné. - Je suis venu pour te sauver. Alex sourit. - Mon héros, plaisanta-t-il. Entendre le rire de Brad lui fit un bien fou. - Tu vas devoir passer par ta fenêtre, ça risque d'être dangereux. - J'en ai rien à faire. Au point où il en était, Alex aurait fait n'importe quoi pour sortir d'ici. Il réussit sans trop de peine à passer ses jambes par la fenêtre et s'assit sur le rebord. Brad lui assura qu'il était en dessous pour le rattraper et qu'il pouvait sauter. Alex n'hésita même pas, sa confiance en Brad était totale. Le vide ne dura qu'un instant, puis il atterrit sur quelque chose, ou plutôt sur quelqu'un, et des bras se refermèrent sur lui alors que Brad amortissait sa chute, basculant en arrière avec Alex sur lui. Ils rirent et se relevèrent. Brad prit la main d'Alex pour la poser sur son épaule, pour le guider. - Prêt ? - Carrément. Ils coururent. Alex était en pyjama, mais il avait mis ses baskets et une veste avant de passer par la fenêtre. Courir après tout ce temps lui fit un bien fou. Il ne savait pas où Brad les emmenait, il s'en moquait. Ce qui comptait réellement, c'était qu'il était avec Brad, qu'il courrait avec Brad. Loin de la prison dorée dans laquelle l'avait mis sa mère, parce qu'elle ne voyait en lui que tout le mal qu'il pouvait se faire, au lieu de comprendre qu'il devait faire sa vie, peu importe les dangers. Alex poussa Brad à courir quand bien même ils étaient fatigués tous les deux. Ils finirent par s'asseoir – ou plutôt s'écrouler – sur un banc. Alex reprit sa respiration et se mit à rire tout seul. - Ça fait un bien fou de pouvoir sortir enfin. Merci Brad, tu viens de me sauver la vie. - Si ta mère découvre ce qu'on fait là, elle risque de ne plus jamais te laisser sortir. - Je prends le risque, fit Alex. Il étendit ses jambes et se pencha en arrière. Il faisait frais mais ce n'était pas désagréable, d'autant plus que Brad était proche de lui et qu'il pouvait sentir la chaleur que son bras dégageait. - N'en veut pas trop à ta mère, elle essaie de te protéger. Alex hocha la tête. Il savait bien. Brad aurait sûrement aimé être à sa place, surprotégé plutôt qu'abandonné. Mais Alex avait besoin qu'elle arrête de l'étouffer, qu'elle arrête de s'inquiéter pour rien, qu'elle arrête de le réduire à son handicap. - Si j'étais un ado normal, elle ne serait pas comme ça. - Tu es un ado normal, dit Brad, tu fais des conneries et tu fais le mur. Alex rit. - Tu as raison. Brad ne le réduisait jamais à son handicap, il y faisait rarement attention d'ailleurs. Certes, il voulait lui aussi protéger Alex, mais il l'écoutait quand Alex lui disait de le laisser faire comme il en avait envie. Alex se sentait bien à ses côtés, rassuré, confiant. - Tu viendras me chercher encore ? - J'essaierai, dit Brad. - Merci, répéta Alex. - De rien. Ils finirent par faire le chemin retour, et Alex rentra chez lui par la porte – trop difficile de remonter par la fenêtre. - J'aurais pu passer par là depuis le début, fit remarquer Alex. - Pas assez aventureux pour toi, plaisanta Brad. Ils rirent doucement, puis Alex ferma la porte. Ses parents devaient dormir, ils ne remarquèrent rien. Brad revint le chercher. Pas tous les soirs, mais au moins une fois par semaine. Alex aimait sauter par la fenêtre, alors Brad était toujours là pour le retenir. Ils courraient beaucoup, et parlaient un peu. - Comment ça se passe avec Julie ? Demanda Alex un soir. - On n'est plus ensemble. - Ah bon ? Elle ne m'en a pas parlé. - C'est moi qui ai rompu. - Pourquoi ? - J'aime quelqu'un d'autre, avoua Brad. Alex resta silencieux. Le cœur battant. N'osant pas demander qui, ne voulant pas entendre le nom d'une fille. Peu importe qui elle serait. Alex ne voulait pas que Brad l'aime. - Tu sors pas mal la journée ? - Pas tant que ça en fait. Je sors plus la nuit. Alex rit. - Vraiment ? - Ouais. Ça m'évite de faire des conneries en attendant de reprendre les cours. - Alors si tu ne sors pas tant que ça, comment as-tu rencontré la fille que tu aimes ? Brad resta longtemps silencieux, tandis qu'Alex regrettait de plus en plus sa question. Il ne voulait pas savoir, il ne voulait rien savoir. - Je n'ai jamais dit que c'était une fille, lâcha Brad tout à coup. Il fallu un moment à Alex pour comprendre ce qu'il venait de dire. Comme si ses oreilles avaient soudainement été aussi défaillantes et inutiles que ses yeux. - Ah… Fut le truc le plus intelligent qu'il réussit à sortir. Il avait sûrement mal entendu, mal compris. Brad se braqua. - Enfin je n'ai rien dit du tout, dit-il, oublie. Je te ramène. Alex hocha la tête, posa sa main sur l'épaule de Brad qu'il trouva hyper tendu et se laissa raccompagner. Brad mit du temps à revenir et Alex redevint vraiment grognon. Est-ce que Brad avait des rendez-vous avec cette personne mystérieuse qu'il aimait ? Est-ce qu'il l'oubliait ? Si seulement Alex avait pu sortir, aller chez Brad, lui demander, lui parler, essayer de comprendre pourquoi il le laissait dans cette foutue chambre où il passait trop de temps. Entendre le bruit des cailloux qui s'écrasaient sur la vitre de sa chambre fut une véritable libération de toutes ces questions sans réponse. Alex ouvrit la fenêtre à toute vitesse et cria presque : - Brad ! - Alex… Alex enfila une veste, ses baskets et sortit par la fenêtre, il sauta sans même avoir le feu vert de Brad et fut heureux de sentir son corps contre le sien. Il ne se releva pas tout de suite après avoir atterrit, Brad ne le repoussa pas. - J'ai cru que tu ne voulais plus venir. - Je voulais, dit Brad, j'avais peur que tu ne veuilles pas que je vienne. Alex secoua la tête : - C'est stupide, viens quand tu veux. La main de Brad se posa un instant sur les cheveux d'Alex, puis il repoussa gentiment Alex pour pouvoir se lever. Dommage, Alex aurait voulu qu'il lui caresse les cheveux. Il posa sa main sur l'épaule de Brad et ils partirent en courant. Ils ne parlèrent pas beaucoup, Brad ne mentionna pas la personne qu'il aimait, Alex ne posa pas de question. Ils auraient pu continuer à se voir ainsi, si les parents d'Alex n'avaient pas fini par découvrir qu'il faisait le mur. Lui et Brad passèrent un sale quart d'heure. La mère d'Alex était réellement en colère. Qu'Alex ait contourné sa punition, que Brad ait vu son fils alors qu'elle ne voulait plus qu'ils traînent ensemble. - J'allais devenir fou, s'énerva Alex, et tu ne peux pas décider pour moi qui je dois voir ou non. Je n'arrêterai pas le cross aussi facilement et tu le sais, et je n'arrêterai pas de traîner avec Brad non plus. - Tu étais puni. - Pour être tombé de trottinette ? C'est totalement injuste comme punition. Le père dit qu'il était d'accord, qu'Alex ne devrait pas être puni suite à cet incident et qu'il devrait pouvoir voir Brad quand il en a envie. Même si faire le mur était mal, et aurait pu être dangereux, ça il l'admettait. - J'essaie de le protéger ! Insista la mère. - Non, tu m'enfermes ! Tu me sépares des gens, du monde. On est sorti plusieurs fois avec Brad et rien n'est arrivé, tu vois ? On n'a pas toujours des accidents. J'ai besoin de vivre ma vie. Maman s'il te plait ! - Tu as fait le mur plusieurs fois ? - Oui. Avoua Alex. - J'avais raison de vous interdire de vous revoir, je devrais continuer à vous séparer. - Non. Ne fais pas ça. - Je… - J'aime Brad, cria Alex, ne m'empêche pas de passer du temps avec lui. Le silence qui tomba suite à cette déclaration fut pesant pour Alex. Son pied se mit à tressauter, les mots étaient sortis tous seuls de sa bouche, il ne voulait pas l'avouer, pas comme ça, et maintenant Brad savait. Sa mère et son père savaient. Il posa sa tête dans ses mains, plutôt désespéré. Il sentit alors la main de Brad sur son épaule, rassurante. - Tu l'aimes ? Demanda sa mère. Alex hocha la tête tout doucement. - Ça ne change rien Alex, tu te mets en danger et je ne sais pas si je peux faire confiance à nouveau en Brad. - Essaie. S'il te plait. La mère voulu dire quelque chose mais le père fut plus rapide : - Je pense qu'Alex doit être libre de ses choix, chérie. Tu vois bien que l'enfermer ne sert à rien, il a quand même trouvé le moyen de sortir. On ne va pas mettre des barreaux à ses fenêtres quand même ? - Il a fait le mur ! Il doit être puni. - D'accord, dit le père, corvée de vaisselles Alex. L'adolescent hocha la tête. La mère n'était pas satisfaite mais elle était seule dans un combat qui ne menait à rien d'autre que de rendre son fils malheureux. Et si elle craignait pour lui, elle voulait qu'il soit heureux. - Bon. Vous pouvez sortir, mais pas le soir, et je veux savoir où vous allez, quand et quand vous comptez rentrer. Et pas de trottinette ! Alex se leva et alla prendre sa mère dans ses bras. - Merci m'man ! - N'abusez pas de ma confiance. - Promis. De cette manière, le problème se régla. Brad dû cependant rentrer chez lui pour cette nuit. Alex alla se coucher, et se mit à stresser en repensant à ce qu'il avait osé avouer. Brad vint le chercher dès le lendemain après-midi. Ils dirent à la mère qu'ils allaient courir, qu'ils seraient rentrés à dix-sept heures, et Alex montra qu'il avait bien pris son portable et assura que tout irait bien. Les deux adolescents coururent un peu, pas tant que ça, Brad avait envie de parler. À dire vrai, Alex aussi. - Pour ce que j'ai dis hier… Commença Alex, c'était la vérité. Je voudrais quand même qu'on reste amis… - Amis ? C'est tout ? Alex hocha la tête : - Ça m'ira. Je ne veux pas que tu me détestes. Il sentit la bouche de Brad sur la sienne et mit longtemps à comprendre ce qu'il se passait. Si longtemps que Brad se recula avant qu'il ne réponde à son baiser. - Je ne te déteste pas. Ce que tu as dis hier Alex… Ben c'est réciproque. Alex sourit et ne put s'empêcher de dire : - Après le baiser, j'aurais pu le deviner. Il entendit Brad rire, et l'embrassa à son tour. Alex fut soulagé de pouvoir sortir à nouveau quand il en avait envie. Il fut aussi très très content de pouvoir profiter de ce temps pour le passer avec Brad. Courir, s'embrasser, se tenir par la main, discuter, et courir encore, et s'embrasser encore. Cela faisait des vraiment bonnes journées, des moments inoubliables. - J'ai promis à ma mère de ne plus faire de trottinette, fit Alex. - Hm effectivement. - Mais je n'ai rien dit à propos du roller… Des moments où le rire de Brad et son bras passé autour de sa taille étaient ce qui suffisait à le rendre heureux. Fin. L'autatrice : encore une fic qui mourrait sur mon ordi et que je publie enfin. ","Summary":" Titre : Privé de sortie. Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aus"},{"Movie":"If I Had Wings","Title":"No title yet","Author":"Hannah22110","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11935278","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey guys ok so I know that this isn't exactly about the If I Had Wings characters but, it was my inspiration so….. Hope u enjoy please R&R; Cass was a slut. Everybody said so, and most of all her. She wore the tightest, lowest cut tops she could get her fake-nailed hands on. She wore a push up bra a size too small, for maximum voluptuousness. And her shorts were so short you could see her but cheeks peaking out. She knew what people said about her and she relished in it, thrived under the spotlight of high school gossip. She lied about her age to older boys so that he would date her for about a week before he realised that she was just a husk, and sexy yes, but husk all the same, of a human being who was incapable of showing any real emotion other than bitchiness, so he dropped her. But she didn't care because she already had her sights set on the next guy. Guys at school knew not to date her, they knew what a trap it was but, without fail, reason would give way to lust and her perfectly rounded buns would cloud their vision enough so that they would date her and the cycle would repeat. Cass loved her life, she was 14 for god's sake! Why couldn't she have fun! By no means is this going to be a long story on how sluts deserved everything that happened to them because they wanted it, asked for it. No this is simply the opening to a love story, because you haven't yet met Jesse. Cass First step, no one notices. Second step, people start to look up. Third step, people nudge their friends. Fourth step, more stares. Fifth step disapproving looks. Sixth step, adults look up to what the commotion is about. Seventh step, 'she's still at it' they say. Too right I am. I am wearing my best outfit yet. A tight black pleather skirt that ends just under my butt and a lacy see through top. With no bra. Genious. I delight in the looks I get. Lust, wonder, hate, jealousy, disgust. I hold the stage. I have complete power over my audience. Only one thing puts a dampener on my mood. A boy, new I think, is only just looking up. He had shaggy hair, it was kinda cute. I don't think he sees me. He looks like he has no idea what he is supposed to be goggling at. Well, maybe not complete power then. Jesse People around me are moving, rustling. I can feel a faint murmur. I am clearly meant to be looking at something, something astonishing by the sounds of it. But I don't know what it is or where it is or how I am supposed to locate it. Whatever is happening I really, really hope no one notices I can't see it. Shit. Shit Shit Shit. First rule of being blind, always try to point your eyes at something, the wandering gaze thing disconcerts people. Rule two, avoid situations where you need to stay focused on a moving object, Soccer is not a good idea. Rule three, lay low, don't draw attention to your stick. And rule four, never EVER let people know you don't see what they see. I failed rule four. And on my first day too. My parents had moved me from school to school since I first went blind. It wasn't safe enough, I got bullied, the teachers were discriminating me, and on and on. I never saw any evidenc of these things, but something in their worried, parental nature told I wasn't safe so they moved me. I hated it, so I decided at this school I would make sure, no matter what happened, I would not get moved again. To my parents this would be the perfect fit for me. My plan was easy. Never actually tell people that I'm blind, let them figure it out on their own. Lay low, have one or two friends if I can manage it but make sure that they are well out of the public eye. Get good grades, but not so good that they were mentionable. Altogether be forgotten about. Don't be That Blind Kid. I really, really hoped that no one had noticed I couldn't see what the ruckus was about. I wanted at least a couple of weeks before it was expressly know that I was blind. I had mastered the I'm Actually Looking At Something thing and I wore glasses. Obviously I didn't need them but, if people started to suspect that I was blind then they'd just think oh no he just has really bad eyesight. There wasn't much I could do about the stick other than walk to hallways when it was less crowded so less people could see me. I mean it wasn't perfect but oh well. Cass Start of the year assembly. Boring. Yabber yabber, responsibility yabber yabber good grades yabber yabber respect. Utterly dull. So I sit down with my friends and try to look as disruptive as possible. I'm not really listening until the principle calls up the new students. I mean, he was bound to embarrass them and I wanted a laugh. There are about 7 of them. Awkward the lot and shaggy hair guy is among them. He looks as red as a tomato. \"These are the new students this year,\" he started \"I'd like you to make them all feel welcome,\" Ha! No chance! He talks on a bit further and it isn't as bad as I thought it would be for them. How disappointing. They are all about to leave the stage when someone, shaggy, stumbles on the stairs. The Principle gives a yelp and says softly \"Jesus Jesse be careful! Use your stick, we don't want you to get hurt!\" Jesse looks mortified. If the principle wasn't so close to the microphone, it wouldn't have been so bad, but he was. He was right next to it. The principle still hasn't realised that the whole school has heard. No one gets it untill the kids tries to step down the steps and stumbles again. So out of his pocket, he pulls a red and white stick with a ball at the end. The kind that blind people use and then we all realise. Jesse Stupid. I was a fool to think that this would ever work. A couple of weeks! Bullshit. Because of the bloody principle now everyone knows. I can feel my cheeks burning and I know that everyone is staring. But I have to use the stick. If I fall and break my neck then I'll have to move for sure. So I suffer through. I wade through the blackness and find my seat at the front. This is going to be so much harder than I thought it would be. ","Summary":" Hey guys ok so I know that this isn't exactly about the If I Had Wings characters but, it was my in"},{"Movie":"If I Had Wings","Title":"Retaliation","Author":"The Power Of Names","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12889108","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was bad enough having Tyson act like a douche during practice, but did he really have to do it while Alex and Brad were minding their own business? The jerk wasn't even trying to be creative anymore. The comments seemed to roll off Alex. Brad was more likely to respond in kind, especially to the jokes at his own expense. \"I actually have to go,\" Brad said as he pulled his clothes out of the locker. \"My dad's working overtime, so I have to make my little brother dinner.\" \"Yeah, yeah, um...\" Alex fingered his watch, quickly getting a feel for the time. \"My dad should be here in, like, a half an hour, so I'll probably just shower and wait for him.\" \"Are you sure?\" \"Yes, I'm sure, Mother.\" \"Okay, see you, man.\" \"See you.\" Brad left the locker room with an armful of his clothes and his backpack in the other. His thoughts split between what there was at the house to cook up and that the looks on Tyson and his little gang's faces were not a good sign. He barely took two steps out of the building when a dark feeling overcame him. Something was not right. Seconds later, his clothes and bag were on the ground and his feet were flying down the hallways back towards the locker room. The screams and laughter reached him first. \"Leave me alone! Go Away!\" That was Alex's voice and in that moment Brad thanked God that he hadn't left for home yet. He forced his way past the two girls, then the jackass recording with the phone. The next thing he knew, his fist slammed into Tyson's jaw and he was yelling. \"Think you're so tough, huh!? How about you mess with someone who'll fight back?\" The four backed away; probably a good thing since he was standing in front of Alex like a dragon protecting its treasure. He was daring them to take another shot at the boy still on the floor with tears on his cheeks and both ears covered because there was no way in Hell he'd let them succeed. \"Get lost!\" The one with the video left first with a shrug and a smirk. Then went the blonde, but Amy... the one he'd initially thought 'sweet' was pulling Tyson out the door. Brad kept a cautious eye on them until the group had fully vacated the room. As soon as he felt it was safe, he crouched down next to Alex's trembling form. \"Hey, Alex, it's okay. It's over. They're gone.\" Without even realising it, Brad's arms had encircled the blind boy. The two stayed wrapped up together for what could had been an eternity- not that it mattered. He found his fingers trailing over Alex's cheeks brushing away tears the way he wished that he could brush the entire incident from his friend's memory. \"This should never have happened to you.\" And it wouldn't again as long as he was around. ","Summary":" It was bad enough having Tyson act like a douche during practice, but did he really have to do it w"},{"Movie":"If I Had Wings","Title":"Plus d'appétit","Author":"lasurvolte","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12127977","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre : Plus d'appétit. Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi Plectrude si ça vous dit ^^) Disclaimer : If I had wings ne m'appartient pas, mais c'est un super film ! Pairing : Brad x Alex (parce que vous imaginez autre chose?) Prompt : C'est pas ce que j'aime Alex n'avait rien vu, bien sûr, mais il n'avait pas besoin de voir. Il entendait loin, il sentait fort. Julie avait embrassé Brad et Alex n'avait pas réussi à s'empêcher de faire la gueule. Puis il était passé à autre chose, parce qu'à ce moment là ils devaient courir pour gagner la course de cross. Plus tard, un autre jour, il lui avait demandé à Brad s'il était avec Julie. Il n'avait pas sourit à la réponse. Il avait fait semblant d'être content de passer un moment avec la belle Amy. Brad venait de temps à autre manger avec eux, lui et Julie s'embrassaient et Alex n'avait plus d'appétit, filait son sandwich à Brad, s'excusait. - J'ai un truc à faire. Il n'avait rien à faire, à part tourner dans le lycée, avec sa canne, sans avoir vraiment besoin de chercher son chemin, sans savoir où aller. Il était allé au cinéma avec Amy, ça ne lui avait pas plu, le pop corn l'avait rendu malade, et ensuite sa mère l'avait couvé comme s'il était en verre. Heureusement que son père était là. - Laisse le un peu, je crois qu'il a besoin d'être seul. Il songerait à lui offrir une médaille du meilleur père, un jour. Accroché à l'épaule de Brad, Alex courrait en silence. - On monte, fit Brad. Alex connaissait ce trajet alors il le savait, mais il ne dit rien. - Quelque chose te contrarie ? - Non. - Tu aimes bien parler en courant, d'habitude. - Parce que tu t'occupes de ce que j'aime ou non ? Brad s'arrêta d'un coup et Alex faillit tomber. Brad le rattrapa. - Okay qu'est ce qui se passe ? - Rien. - Alex… - Rien je t'ai dis, fit Alex têtu, court. Brad soupira et recommença à courir. - Julie s'inquiète, dit Brad, elle trouve que tu ne manges pas beaucoup en ce moment. - Je ne mange pas beaucoup de toute façon. - Moins encore qu'avant. - Que Julie se mêle de ses fesses. J'ai déjà assez avec ma mère. - C'est ta mère le problème ? Alex souffla et ne répondit pas. Brad sourit malgré lui : - Normalement, je suis celui qui est de mauvaise humeur, tu sais. - Normalement, fit Alex. Ils coururent encore un moment avant que Brad ne demande : - C'est parce que tu as été malade quand tu es sorti avec Amy ? - Tu vois, trop manger, ne m'apporte que des ennuies, dit Alex en s'apaisant un peu. - Je suis sûr qu'Amy voudra continuer à sortir avec toi quand même. - Je ne veux pas sortir avec Amy, avoua Alex. - Pas avec la jolie et sexy Amy ? - Non, je ne veux pas. Sortir avec elle, c'est pas ce que j'aime. - Tu as changé d'avis ? - C'est ça j'ai changé d'avis ! Brad n'insista pas. Alex était dans sa chambre et entendit son père monter les escaliers. Il savait que c'était son père, la démarche était plus lourde que pour sa mère. La porte s'ouvrit et Alex se tourna et regarda là où il pensait que son père était. - Ta mère s'inquiète, Julie lui a dit que tu ne mangeais pas beaucoup. - Ca va, ronchonna Alex. J'aimerais que Julie arrête de tout rapporter à maman. - Quelque chose te tracasse ? Alex songea a répondre non, mais son père l'avait toujours aidé dans toutes les situations, alors il hocha la tête. - Je peux peut-être t'aider, raconte. - Admettons que… J'aime quelqu'un et que cette personne aime quelqu'un d'autre… - Tu parles de Julie ? - Presque, soupira Alex. Le père resta silencieux, tourna les paroles dans sa tête puis lâcha un petit : - Oh… Tu parles de Brad. - Ca te dérange ? Demanda Alex se braquant un peu. Nouveau silence et Alex aurait cru que son père était parti s'il ne l'entendait pas respirer. - Non, je ne pense pas. - Je n'ai pas fais exprès, il… - On ne fait pas exprès de tomber amoureux, dit le père. Ne t'inquiète pas pour ça. Alex fit un petit sourire. Il allait vraiment lui donner cette médaille du meilleur père. - Tu penses que maman va mal le prendre ? - Je ne crois pas. Tant que tu es en sécurité, tout ira bien pour elle. Son père avait sans doute raison. - Je ne sais pas quoi faire, il aime Julie. - Tu en es sûr ? - Ils sont ensemble. Le père hocha la tête mais ça, Alex ne le vit pas. - C'est vrai, c'est vrai, fit le père. Il ne savait pas comment aider son fils sur ce coup là. - Ce que je peux te dire c'est que si ça ne marche pas, il n'est pas impossible de tomber amoureux à nouveau. - Merci papa. Soupira Alex. Le père se leva et posa sa main sur l'épaule de son fils : - Je te soutiens. - Merci, répéta Alex. Il le laissa seul ensuite. Seul avec ses soucis et ses problèmes. Brad et Julie étaient encore assis l'un à côté de l'autre, coupant l'appétit d'Alex. S'il les entendait s'embrasser, juré il balançait son sandwich à la tête de l'un ou l'autre, même s'il n'était pas sûr de viser juste. - J'ai envie de courir, marmonna-t-il. Contre toute attente, il sentit la main de Brad sur son bras : - Allons courir alors. Au bout d'un long moment de silence, entrecoupé simplement des indications de Brad, Alex demanda : - Tu aimes Julie ? Vraiment ? Brad ne répondit pas et Alex soupira. - Pourquoi Alex ? Tu l'aimes c'est ça ? - Quoi ? - Julie, tu l'aimes ? - C'est ma meilleure amie, c'est tout. - Alors pourquoi tu as l'air contrarié chaque fois qu'on est ensemble ? - Je suis pas… Je te demandais juste si toi tu l'aimais ? Je m'inquiète pour ma meilleure amie c'est tout. Brad se tourna violemment et prit les bras d'Alex : - Tu penses que je suis pas assez bien pour elle c'est ça ? S'énerva-t-il. - Je n'ai pas dis ça. - Tu penses que le pauvre Brad n'est pas assez bien pour ta meilleure amie ! - Je n'ai pas dis ça, cria Alex. - Alors qu'est ce que tu veux dire ? - Je t'aime, voilà ce que je veux dire, cria-t-il à nouveau. Puis il s'en voulu, se débattit pour que Brad le relâche, ce qu'il fit facilement. Et Alex s'enfuit. Courant… Droit devant. Merde il pouvait essayer de se souvenir de la route qu'ils avaient prise, mais il avait été perdu dans ses pensés tout au long du trajet et il finit par trébucher sur une racine. Il se sentit tomber, mais quelqu'un le rattrapa juste à temps et il se retrouva dans les bras de Brad. - Je te ramène chez toi, dit celui-ci. Alex hocha la tête, son cœur battant violemment et pas à cause de la course. Brad l'avait raccompagné puis était reparti. Alex s'enferma dans sa chambre et refusa de manger, il n'avait pas faim. Sérieux, il voulait juste qu'on le lâche, qu'on l'oublie, aller courir jusqu'à en tomber évanoui de fatigue. Sa mère lui emmena quand même un sandwich et Alex se força à croquer dedans devant elle, pour lui faire plaisir. - Si tu te nourris pas, tu ne pourras pas continuer à courir. - Je sais, ronchonna Alex. Il savait, mais il n'avait pas faim. Alex évita Brad. Ou bien l'inverse. Il n'était pas sûr. Comment être sûr quand on ne voit pas toute façon ? Si ça se trouve parfois il se dirigeait droit sur lui et Brad faisait un détour. Julie restait avec Alex et ne parlait pas de Brad, ils parlaient d'autres choses. Alex mangeait un peu, même s'il n'avait pas faim. Il avait envie de courir et sans Brad, il ne courrait pas. Et puis, durant un entraînement, il sentit une main qui prenait la sienne et la posait sur son épaule. - Désolé de t'avoir lâché, j'avais besoin de temps pour réfléchir. Courrons. Alex couru. Suivant Brad. Tant pi s'il ne l'aimait pas, au moins ils courraient ensemble. Ils ne se parlèrent pas de tout le trajet. Plus tard Alex apprit simplement que Julie ne sortait plus avec Brad, et il ne sut pas quoi dire à sa meilleure amie. Il fallut une autre semaine. Alex écoutait de la musique dans sa chambre et les pas dans l'escalier étaient si discrets qu'il ne les entendit pas. Il se tourna vers la porte quand elle s'ouvrit et il savait que ce n'était ni sa mère, ni son père. - Pourquoi tu restes dans le noir ? C'était Brad. - Je n'ai pas vraiment besoin de lumière tu sais. - Effectivement, je n'y pensais pas. Ca te dérange si j'allume ? Alex sourit. - Je ne vais pas me désintégrer si t'allume. - Okay, bien, super. Alex entendit Brad s'asseoir sur son lit, il demanda : - Pourquoi tu es là ? - Je ne suis pas sûr moi-même. - Julie m'a dit que… - Je ne suis pas là pour parler de Julie, le coupa Brad. - Okay. Alex attendit en silence, passant ses doigts sur sa montre mais se fichant en fait de l'heure. C'était seulement pour s'accrocher à quelque chose, pour se rassurer. Brad allait sans doute l'envoyer balader, lui dire qu'il avait essayé de continuer mais qu'il ne pouvait plus courir avec lui, lui dire d'aller se chercher un autre partenaire. - J'ai eu beau tourné ça dans tous les sens Alex, c'est le bordel dans ma tête. - Je suis désolé. - Pourquoi tu es désolé ? Ce n'est pas le bordel dans la tienne peut-être ? - Si. - Je t'aime aussi, je crois, lâcha Brad. Et j'en reviens pas d'avoir dit un truc pareil et aussi gênant et… Il ne put pas terminer sa phrase, Alex s'était levé, et l'avait trouvé. Il avait mit ses bras autour de lui et l'embrassait. - C'est ça que j'aime, sourit Alex. C'était mieux que se gaver de pop corn. Rien à dire là-dessus. Brad lui rendit son baiser. Alex retrouva l'appétit. Fin. L'autatrice : bouaaaaaaah j'aime tellement ce couple, j'ai écris encore quelques fics sur eux. J'espère que celle-ci vous plaira. Et sur ce, je crois que je vais aller me remater le film, encore. ","Summary":" Titre : Plus d'appétit. Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez auss"},{"Movie":"If I Had Wings","Title":"Une blague de mauvais goût","Author":"lasurvolte","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12845405","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre : Une blague de mauvais goût. Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi Plectrude si ça vous dit ^^) Disclaimer : If I had wings ne m'appartient pas. Défi : les 50 drabbles – Bralex Tyson pensait que la blague serait marrante et sans risque. Il mit un casque anti-bruit sur les oreilles d'Alex et l'empêcha de l'enlever. Alex se retrouva aveugle et sourd, et pendant un instant il eut l'ironique impression d'être plongé dans le noir. Alex paniqua et commença à avoir du mal à respirer, au bord de la crise de panique. Puis il sentit que Tyson le lâchait et il arracha le casque anti-bruit pour entendre Brad crier après Tyson. Alex se calma instantanément, comme si la voix de Brad était douce et rassurante, alors qu'il s'énervait clairement : - T'es vraiment un connard ! Alex se sentit sourire en entendant Brad insulter Tyson, pas du tout calmement. Il avança sa main là où il entendait son ami crier et sentit son bras qu'il attrapa : - Laisse, il n'en vaut pas la peine. - Recommence un truc pareil et il te faudra une loupe pour retrouver tes dents ! Grogna Brad. Il savait qu'il en rajoutait, s'il touchait à Tyson, il serait viré de l'équipe et Alex ne pourrait plus courir. Alex serra plus fort son bras et entendit Tyson déguerpir comme un lapin. Brad se tourna vers Alex et demanda : - Comment tu te sens ? Ça va ? - Ça va, s'agaça Alex, je ne suis pas en sucre. Pas la peine d'avoir pitié de moi. Brad s'approcha de lui : - Je n'ai pas pitié de toi, je suis inquiet c'est tout. Alex resta silencieux un instant puis dit : - Merci, tu es arrivé au bon moment. - Je me suis douté d'un truc en voyant sa tête chafouine tout à l'heure. Alex sourit, puis tendit ses bras et prit Brad contre lui. - Merci, répéta-t-il. Ne le répète pas, mais c'était vraiment effrayant. Brad resserra ses bras autour du corps d'Alex, pour le rassurer. - Je ne le dirai à personne. Des larmes coulèrent des yeux d'Alex qui ne contrôlait plus rien. Brad le serra un peu plus fort. Ils restèrent ainsi, longuement, dans les bras l'un de l'autre, serrés, impossible à décoller. C'est la coach qui les sépara sans le savoir, en les appelant. Brad regarda un instant Alex qui ne le vit pas mais qui garda quelques temps ses mains sur ses bras. Puis ils se séparèrent et rejoignirent la coach. Fin. L'autatrice : quelque chose de très simple sur ces deux là. ","Summary":" Titre : Une blague de mauvais goût. Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'"},{"Movie":"If I Had Wings","Title":"Super pouvoirs","Author":"lasurvolte","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12555384","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre : Super pouvoirs Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi Plectrude si ça vous dit ^^) Disclaimer : If I had wings ne m'appartient pas, mais c'est un super film ! Pairing : Brad x Alex Défi : aucune description physique des persos, uniquement olfactive, auditive, etc. Brad avait une odeur de menthe, à cause de son gel douche peut-être, ou de son déo, ou les deux. Alex savait que c'était lui quand il s'approchait, même silencieusement, comme il reconnaissait Julie parce qu'elle portait l'eau de toilette qu'il lui avait offerte. Brad sentait le musc après avoir couru avec lui, le chlore quand ils étaient allés à la piscine pour s'entraîner pour le triathlon – quand bien même la mère d'Alex n'était pas d'accord. Brad sentait un peu Julie quand il avait passé du temps avec elle, et Alex en avait le cœur serré de reconnaître sa meilleure amie sur Brad. Brad n'avait pas de couleur, il était une odeur, il était la chaleur de sa peau transpirante sous son tee-shirt, il était l'humidité de sa main, son épaule, son corps quand ils étaient tous les deux dans l'eau et que Brad touchait Alex pour le guider. Il était cette rugosité sur ses joues quand il avait oublié de se raser ce matin-là. Alex le sentait sous ses mains, il aurait pu dire la taille de Brad et parlé des irrégularités de sa peau, une petite cicatrice sur le poignet, qui avait une histoire. - Tu t'es fait ça où ? - Sérieux Alex t'es flippant. - Je te l'ai dit, j'ai des supers pouvoirs. Brad se marra et lui raconta qu'il était tombé de vélo étant gamin. - Un truc aussi simple. - Je n'ai jamais fait de vélo, avoua Alex. Ça paraissait banal mais ça avait quelque chose de triste. Il y avait tellement de choses qu'Alex n'avait jamais faites. Mais il courrait et il aimait ça. - Et comment on va faire pour le triathlon ? Alex haussa les épaules. - On va se débrouiller, sourit-il sûr de lui. Brad était persuadé qu'Alex allait lui demander de faire du vélo avec lui, de lui apprendre à en faire. Et le pire ? C'est qu'il accepterait. L'odeur de Julie sur Brad se fit de plus en plus rare et Alex demanda à Brad : - Vous vous êtes disputé avec Julie ? - Woah comment tu sais ça ? - Mes supers pouvoirs… - C'est ça… - Alors ? Pourquoi vous vous êtes disputé ? - On s'est pas … Vraiment disputé. - Alors quoi ? Insista Alex. - Alors elle trouve que je passe trop de temps avec toi et pas assez avec elle. Alex se mordit les lèvres, il posa sa main sur le bras de Brad, sa peau était plus froide que d'habitude. - Désolé, t'es pas obligé de passer autant de temps avec moi. Alex le sentit hausser les épaules et la main de Brad se posa sur celle d'Alex, doucement, timidement, avec hésitation. Alex la sentait trembler. Elle était gelée. - J'en ai envie. Tu comprends ? Alex n'était pas sûr. - Je ne suis pas sûr. - Et tes supers pouvoirs alors ? - Ils ne fonctionnent pas toujours, rit Alex. Le silence. Brad respirait un peu plus fort que d'habitude, un peu moins fort qu'après avoir couru. Et puis ses mots dit d'une voix rauque, presque effrayée : - J'ai envie d'être avec toi, plus qu'avec elle. J'adore Julie mais… Je crois que je me suis trompé sur mes sentiments. Le cœur d'Alex battit dans ses tempes, brouillant les sons, lui donnant chaud, réchauffant doucement la main de Brad. - J'en envie d'être avec toi aussi, répondit-il un peu précipitamment. La bouche de Brad se posa sur celle d'Alex qui découvrit au-delà de son odeur et de sa peau le goût de Brad, de ses lèvres, de ses baisers. Fin. L'autatrice : un mini truc pour le défi du groupe « défi de fanfictions ». ","Summary":" Titre : Super pouvoirs Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi"},{"Movie":"If I Had Wings","Title":"Smart Fingers","Author":"RanebowStitches","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11383122","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I felt the need to fix this movie because the forced hetero relationship was too much for me when it was PERFECTLY set up for Alex and Brad to be together. So, I literally have taken ACTUAL MOVIE SCENES and molded them into how it should have gone. \"Your father seems nice,\" Alex commented, still swinging from the rope that was tied to the tree branch in Brad's yard. He reveled in the weightless feeling it gave him, leaning back as far as his grip on the rope would safely let him and floating through the darkness. He heard Brad scoff next to him and the ice in his drink clink against the glass his dad had brought him earlier. \"Yeah, that's not my father,\" Alex could hear the eye roll. \"That's an alien creature that traded bodies with him. Somewhere, out there in the universe, there's a very cranky, three foot tall, green guy looking for a beer,\" Sarcasm coated his words, but Alex also detected a hint of something like relief. He chuckled before setting one foot down onto the ground softly, bringing the rope to a complete stop. He had wanted to ask Brad something ever since Julie had brought it up, and he knew it'd sound awkward no matter where they were, but within the privacy of Brad's backyard, he felt like it was safe enough. He just hoped Brad wasn't smart enough to figure out his true intentions. \"Hey, uh, Brad?\" \"Yeah,\" Brad turned to look at the other boy as he climbed off the rope swing. \"Would you mind if I, uh, touch your face?\" Brad raised his eyebrow at Alex, before realizing that he couldn't see it. His heart skipped a beat, and his grip on his drink tightened. There's no way that Alex could know about the feelings he had for him… right? \"You feeling lonely, Alex?\" He quipped back, thankful that his voice didn't waver with the shock and nervousness that ran through his body. Alex gave a soft laugh and explained, \"I just want to know what you look like.\" He hoped he sounded convincingly nonchalant enough. He heard Brad set his drink down and stand up. \"Okay, just, uh, don't tell anyone about it?\" Brad said in the best \"no homo\" voice he could muster at the moment. He stepped slowly forward towards Alex who was already reaching out for him. One of his hands landed on Brad's shoulder before tracing its way up to his face. The second followed quickly. Brad soaked in the feeling of the other's soft fingers examining his features. They traced his forehead to his eyebrow, over his eyes (which he would have kept closed, but he was entranced by the look of complete concentration on Alex's face), the curve of his nose to his lips (how easy it would have been to stick his tongue out and lick one), and over his cheeks. They fell away much sooner than Brad would have liked. Alex smiled and said, \"Julie was right. You are handsome.\" His fingers still tingled from where they had traced over Brad's warm skin. While he wished he could be granted the gift of sight, if just for a moment, to actually see Brad's face, he had a good mental drawing of it now. And while he actually had no authority on whether not Brad was or was not considered handsome in society's book (everyone looked the same to him anyway), he quite enjoyed the shape his facial features took. The urge to retrace his finger's steps with his lips flared in the back of his mind, but he shoved it down quickly. \"You got some smart fingers there, kid!\" Brad said laughing softly. \"But, so, Julie said that?\" Of course she did. She was enamored with him, everyone could see it. Well, not everyone could see it, but everyone knew anyway. At least she was spewing praise about him behind his back and not scorn like most people did. \"Well, that, and you have a nice butt,\" Alex said matter-of-factly, not even thinking for a second that Julie probably wouldn't have wanted him to tell Brad that. \"Well, you're just going to have to take her word for that one,\" Brad replied quickly, trying to push the thought of Alex's hands roaming elsewhere on his body out of his head. He was, at that moment, actually grateful that Alex was blind because he was pretty sure his whole face had gone red in a blush. \"Good?\" \"Yeah, good.\" ... As the two came to the end of their run, Brad gradually slowed his pace and felt Alex copy him. He trailed his hand along the other's arm as he moved in front of him in order to wordlessly tell him that he was now on his other side, before sitting down in the grass, panting slightly. Alex grinned through his own pants and said, \"That was good. I like running that final kick, you know? Straight ahead, even ground.\" He plopped down in the grass next to Brad. \"Almost full speed.\" \"What do you mean almost?\" Brad scoffed playfully, grinning at the sight of the sarcastic smirk on Alex's face. He really did have an overactive sarcasm gland. \"Almost.\" Two could play at that game. \"You know,\" He started, fake enthusiasm dripping from his tone. \"You're getting pretty good at this. Pretty soon you could probably do the whole thing by yourself.\" He swung his arm out to gesture in the direction they just came from and shared a laugh with his friend. He thought about it for a minute though, trying to picture Alex by himself, running through the woods with nothing (nobody) holding him back. That boy would fly. He was still thinking when Alex suddenly asked, \"Do you have a girlfriend?\" \"What?\" He answered, more out of confusion and unpreparedness than anything. Alex shook his head quickly, and tried retracting his words. \"I'm sorry, it probably wasn't my business.\" What was he doing springing this on Brad so suddenly. The plan in his head seemed so good just a few minutes ago and now he was mentally hitting himself. \"No, it's ok,\" Brad assured, and Alex visibly relaxed. \"No, I don't have a girlfriend.\" \"Oh…\" Alex replied, relief washing over him, only to be pushed to the side by nervousness a millisecond later. He licked his suddenly dry lips and plucked at the grass that was growing by his knee. Well, it was now or never. \"Do you have a boyfriend?\" He heard Brad inhale sharply and shift around on the grass. A beat of tension filled time passed before Brad replied with a hint of curiosity in his voice, \"No, I don't have a boyfriend either.\" Alex nodded, tapping his fingers against his knee, relieved and yet still so antsy. The butterflies in his stomach did not help his situation at all. The tension still hung in the air, and he didn't know what to say to make it go away, but luckily Brad spoke first. \"Do you have a girlfriend… or boyfriend?\" \"Nope!\" Alex replied a little too quickly, letting out a forced laugh. He heard Brad shift in the grass again. Had the other just moved closer or was he heating up from embarrassment? \"So, Julie is…?\" \"Just a close friend!\" Ok, Brad was definitely closer. Alex could feel his presence leaning towards him. \"So, I am…?\" He said quietly, hopefully, and he was close enough that Alex could hear the slight twinge of fear tacked on at the end. His heart and breathing sped up as he realized what Brad was asking, but his mouth had gone dry and he could not articulate his answer. \"You… are…?\" He croaked out, tilting his head and furrowing his eyebrows in mock confusion. He could feel the heat radiating off his face, but he could also feel it coming from Brad. \"Choose wisely. This may be a one-time offer,\" Alex could hear the smug smile Brad had on his face, and suddenly he felt calm wash over him. Whether it was the fact that Brad obviously had feelings towards him and was asking him to be his boyfriend (in this weird, slightly confusing kind of way), or whether it was the fact that he could still be a sarcastic and smug dork while shamelessly flirting with him, or some combination of the both, Alex knew that there was no reason to be nervous around Brad. He was his best friend, soon to be more. Alex grinned and reached out to where Brad's voice had last floated from, his hand landing ungracefully in the middle of Brad's face. Brad flinched for a moment, thinking that Alex was pushing him away, but before he could back up both of Alex's hands were cupping his face and pulling him forward. Their noses bumped softly while Alex shifted his right hand to trace over Brad's lips. It was a weird gesture to Brad, but when Alex leaned the rest of the way in and sealed their mouths together perfectly, Brad realized he had done it so that he wouldn't miss. They broke a moment later, after a few more consecutive quick kisses, both boys now with their hands on each other's faces. Brad rested his forehead against Alex's and sighed happily, \"I guess we each have boyfriends now?\" Alex laughed and leaned back, taking Brad's hands into his own. \"I guess so,\" He answered. He ran his thumbs in circles over Brad's hands as he held them. A moment passed in blissed silence before Brad suddenly snorted. \"What?\" Alex tilted his head. \"Julie's going to freak when she finds out,\" Brad said, amusement on his voice. Alex paused for a moment, letting his words sink in, before a grin spread over his face and giggles rose from his chest. Brad caught them too and the duo sat there, in the middle of the field, giggling for a good couple of minutes. \"Does this mean I'm allowed to decide for myself whether or not you have a nice butt?\" Alex asked, finally coming down from his giggle fit. Brad smirked and leaned in to give him a quick kiss. \"Not until you win first place at the meet coming up.\" \"Well, then we better start training some more! Which reminds me, I got you something…\" And thus Alex would pull out the shoes, and Brad would still probably get pissed, and then Alex would tell Julie what happened, and she'd freak but also help Alex and assure him that Brad would would come to his senses etc etc the rest of the movie is exactly the same until the big meet and Julie would not kiss brad at his house but she'd still go get him and bring him to the meet and at the VERY VERY END they'd kiss and Alex would grab Brad's butt and they'd splash off into the random lake. THE END. ","Summary":" I felt the need to fix this movie because the forced hetero relationship was too much for me when i"},{"Movie":"If I Had Wings","Title":"Beginnings","Author":"Sakura Noroi-chan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11376380","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He sighed as he listened to the other boy talking. \"Brad.\" he said and I looked up eyes widening as his lips met mine. \"A-Alex? W-What...\" I slight stuttered watching the blind cross country runners cheeks become a light pink. \"Alex...I just I don't know...if I said I feel the same...what would Julie think?\" I mentioned his best friend and also my girlfriends name and he instantly perked up. \"It would be fine...I think...I've known Julie for years I know she'll be happy for me and willing to give you up.\" Alex said his awkward demeanor surfacing as usual. \"I...I...I guess...\" I finally gave in. \"I'll go out with you.\" I stated suddenly gaining an air of unusual confidence. ","Summary":" He sighed as he listened to the other boy talking. \"Brad.\" he said and I looked up eyes widening "},{"Movie":"If I Had Wings","Title":"Sa main sur son épaule","Author":"lasurvolte","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12061346","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre : Sa main sur son épaule. Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi Plectrude si ça vous dit ^^) Disclaimer : If I had wings ne m'appartient pas, mais c'est un super film ! Pairing : Brad x Alex (parce que vous imaginez autre chose?) Prompt : C'est pas la première fois, et sûrement pas la dernière Que dire de Julie ? Elle était belle, gentille, drôle, c'était la meilleure amie d'Alex, et Brad s'entendait vraiment bien avec elle. Vraiment bien mais pas comme avec Alex. Elle l'avait embrassé. Deux fois. Plus. Il n'avait pas compté. Quelque part ça lui plaisait, mais pas autant que courir avec Alex. Si on le faisait choisir, et bien… Sûr que ce serait cool de se faire un cinéma avec Julie, mais Alex passerait en priorité même s'il demandait après. Brad ne cherchait pas à se poser de questions à ce sujet, leur équipe fonctionnait très bien comme ça. Alex avait passé du temps avec Amy. Sexy oui, rien à dire là-dessus, mais pas si intéressante que ça. Pas aussi intéressante que passer un après-midi avec Brad, courir, discuter, boire une limonade. Toucher son visage pour se souvenir de ses traits. Brad avait son caractère bien à lui, parfois il fallait le prendre avec des pincettes, mais Alex lui faisait confiance. Ses colères ne duraient jamais, Brad finissait toujours pas revenir. Et Alex aimait passer du temps avec lui. Quand il courait avec Brad, Alex n'avait pas l'impression d'être aveugle. Sa main sur son épaule il aurait pu aller n'importe où avec lui, peu importe où Brad irait, Alex courrait à sa suite. Puis ils se ressemblaient d'une certaine manière. Ils aimaient aller au fond des choses, n'aimaient pas rester derrière, finissaient parfois par s'épuiser. Combien de fois Alex était tombé parce qu'il en avait trop fait ? Parce qu'Alex ne savait jamais quand s'arrêter et ne demandait pas à Brad de le faire. Et sa mère pétait les plombs, parce qu'il débarquait le genou en sang, des bleus sur les coudes, la tronche en vrac. Mais Alex, lui, il avait un sourire immense et pas mal du tout. - M'man ne dispute pas Brad, c'est moi qui ai trop forcé et j'ai passé une super après-midi. Et la mère roulait des yeux et proposait des cookies à Brad, tout en allant soigner les blessures de son fils. Julie embrassait Brad, toujours elle qui faisait le geste, toujours elle qui s'approchait de lui. Brad n'y pensait jamais, Brad était tourné vers Alex, ils discutaient de la prochaine fois qu'ils iraient courir, s'entraîner. Parfois aussi, ils allaient nager, en pensant au triathlon et Brad ne réfléchissait jamais au fait qu'Alex était aveugle, parce qu'il n'agissait pas comme tel, parce qu'il allait toujours au bout des choses. - On pourrait aller essayer de faire du vélo tout à l'heure, proposa Alex. - Ta mère va me tuer si je te laisse monter sur un vélo, commenta Brad. Alex sourit. - Alors on ne lui dira rien. Et Julie n'était pas idiote, ce n'était pas la première fois qu'elle sentait quelque chose entre eux, sans doute pas la dernière. Mais pour une fois elle aurait voulu être l'aveugle, ne pas voir, ne pas sentir, garder Brad un peu plus. Alex monta sur le vélo. Ils avaient emprunté celui de Julie – pas celui qu'elle avait volé une fois, mais celui qui lui appartenait. Alex s'assit sur le porte-bagages pour commencer, accroché à Brad, qui pédalait comme un fou en gueulant : - Accroche toi bien. Et Alex s'accrochait et la sensation était incroyable. Il n'avait pas peur du tout, il avait confiance en Brad et Brad aurait pu encore une fois l'emmener n'importe où. Au bout d'un moment Alex réclama : - On échange. - Tu es fou, tu vas te tuer. - Mais non, pas si tu es là ! Brad n'avait pas pu résister. Il avait emmené Alex sur une piste cyclable peu fréquenté et très très loin de la route. Alex s'était assis sur la selle, Brad derrière lui. - T'es sûr de toi ? - Bien sûr que je suis sûr, dit Alex. Tu m'indiques le chemin, c'est comme courir. - Pas vraiment. Mais Alex n'écoutait pas et commença à pédaler. Il n'avait jamais appris à faire du vélo. Sa mère n'avait pas songé que ça lui servirait puisqu'il était aveugle, après tout. Et rien que garder l'équilibre était en soit une épreuve de force. Brad avait beau l'aider, Alex se cassa la figure un millier de fois, mais il se relevait et recommençait. - Tu sais pas abandonner, hein… Alex sourit. - J'abandonnerai quand je serai mort. - Ouais ben arrange toi pour que ce soit tard ! - Promis. Brad le décoiffa affectueusement et ne se rendit compte de son geste qu'après l'avoir fait. - Désolé, dit-il. Alex leva un sourcil. - De quoi ? - Laisse tomber, monte sur ce fichu vélo et pédale ! Brad était heureux qu'Alex ne puisse pas voir qu'il rougissait. Alex obéit, et au bout d'un moment trouva son équilibre. Brad se rassit derrière et ils pédalèrent un moment sur la piste cyclable. - Attention on arrive à une descente, garde tes mains sur les freins. Alex fit ce qu'il lui disait, mais ne freina pas et prit la descente à fond, et Brad s'accrocha plus fort à lui. Ils finirent par retourner sur une surface plus plane et le vélo ralenti : - Tu es vraiment complètement fou en fait ! Alex se remit à pédaler, tout sourire : - Je vais le prendre pour un compliment. Nager, faire du vélo, courir. Avec Brad, Alex sentait qu'il pouvait tout faire et que rien n'était impossible. Amy l'invita à nouveau mais Alex refusa. Il avait déjà un truc de prévu avec Brad. Ce n'était pas vrai, ce n'était pas encore prévu à ce moment là, mais ça pourrait le devenir. Brad tourna la tête quand Julie voulu l'embrasser. Alors elle sut. - Désolé Julie, je t'adore mais… - Mais tu préfères Alex. Conclue-t-elle. Ca lui faisait mal, mais elle savait que c'était réciproque et Julie adorait trop Alex pour lui en vouloir. - Tu peux ne pas lui répéter ? Demanda Brad. - Je te laisse lui dire toi-même. Alex et Brad coururent beaucoup ce jour là. Brad adorait sentir la main d'Alex sur son épaule, au point que des fois, au milieu de la journée, même si Alex n'était pas là, il avait l'impression que sa main, elle, était toujours là, comme une empreinte délicieuse. Quand ils s'arrêtèrent pour reprendre un peu leur souffle, Alex – qui disait toujours les choses franchement – dit : - Amy m'a demandé pour sortir encore avec elle. Brad fit la gueule et resta silencieux. - Brad ? - Hm. - J'ai cru que t'étais parti. - Je suis là. - J'ai refusé, fit Alex. - Et pourquoi t'as refusé alors qu'Amy est si sexy ? Alex se leva, avança ses mains jusqu'à trouver le visage de Brad sous ses doigts. - Ben elle est sexy… Commença-t-il. Ses doigts vinrent s'attarder sur la bouche de Brad, il pouvait non ? Il était aveugle. - Mais pas autant que toi. Brad cru que son cœur s'arrêtait. Il n'était pas comme Alex, pas aussi à l'aise, pas aussi franc. Pourtant il réussit à dire : - Je ne sors plus avec Julie. Alex ne réussit pas à être déçu pour sa meilleure amie. - En fait Alex… T'es pas mal non plus. La bouche d'Alex rencontra facilement celle de Brad, et il n'y avait vraiment pas besoin de voir pour sentir à quel point elles étaient heureuses de se trouver. Quand Alex se recula, soudain hésitant, se demandant s'il n'avait pas abusé, Brad s'avança à son tour pour l'embrasser, de lui-même. Parce que c'était Alex que Brad avait envie d'embrasser, depuis le début, même si c'était moins facile de l'admettre parce qu'Alex n'était pas une fille et que Brad pouvait bien critiquer ceux qui avaient des préjugés sur les types pauvres comme lui, en fait il n'était pas forcément mieux. Ensuite, Alex se remit derrière Brad. Sa main sur son épaule. Exactement où était sa place. Et ils recommencèrent à courir. Fin. L'autatrice : bouah moi je dis qu'en vrai c'est comme ça que le film aurait dû finir, avec Brad et Alex ensemble, parce que leur relation elle est trop mignonne et trop parfaite, et il n'y avait pas besoin de rendre ce film forcément hétéro (même si j'aime bien Julie). Et donc, j'ai écris une petite fic en soirée drabble (mais ceci est plutôt un one shot). ","Summary":" Titre : Sa main sur son épaule. Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appe"},{"Movie":"If I Had Wings","Title":"Journey","Author":"Blue Eyed German Boy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11768602","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 11/13/2015 Journey Someday I'm going to fly away. Far, far away from all the horrible things in the world. I don't know who I might go with or if it's going to be a journey I take by myself, but I know that it will be an amazing journey. I want to be up in the clouds just swimming through a sea of stars. I want to get away. Get away from everything and everyone. Not forever but just for a bit, so that I can finally breath. I'm destined to live in the sky, I just know it. No one understands what I'm going to do with my life, including me. I want to love life and just be free. ","Summary":" 11/13/2015 Journey Someday I'm going to fly away. Far, far away from all the horrible things in the"},{"Movie":"Sabrina, 1995","Title":"Business as Usual","Author":"MasterOf4Elements","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12436099","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sabrina looked out the open doorway, which led on to her apartment's balcony and a beautiful view of the city's lively nighttime lights. A breeze floated in, feeling cooler than usual due to the fact Sabrina was lying in bed, her only covering a thin white sheet. The nightgown she'd intended to wear that night was still draped across a nearby chair. Sabrina shifted moving closer to the warm body next to her. \"Paris is beautiful, isn't it,\" Sabrina sighed. Linus wrapped a strong arm around Sabrina and kissed her cheek. He nuzzled his nose against her ear and whispered. \"Gorgeous.\" Sabrina smiled and turned her head to face Linus. \"Do you think so?\" \"The most beautiful thing I've ever seen,\" said Linus. He gave Sabrina a gentle kiss on the temple. \"And I get to spend the rest of my life looking at her.\"[Chapter 2] \"Sabrina!\" Linus called as he entered his apartment. \"In here, Linus,\" Sabrina shouted from the den. She took a sip of her tea and placed the book she was reading on glass table beside her lounge chair. Linus stopped at the door and looked at her. \"Hey, honey.\" \"What are you doing home so early?\" \"I didn't feel like staying at the office.\" Sabrina chuckled. \"That's unusual. What are you really up to?\" \"Well, I…\" Linus started, pulling a bouquet of Sabrina's favorite flowers from behind his back. \"For me?\" she asked, standing up. \"Who else?\" \"Oh, Linus, they're beautiful!\" Sabrina exclaimed, moving to him. She breathed in the scent of the peach colored roses. She kissed Linus on the cheek. \"Thank you, sweetheart.\" Linus breathed a sigh of relief. \"I'm glad you like them. I was worried you might throw them back in my face.\" \"Why on earth for?\" Sabrina asked, moving into the kitchen to find a vase for her gift. \"Well, because of our fight this morning,\" Linus reminded her. \"Our fight? Oh, Linus,\" Sabrina laughed softly. She placed the flowers in their new home and turned to face him. \"That wasn't really a fight, just a simple lovers' quarrel that every couple has. I'd already forgotten about it.\" \"S..so you're not mad at me?\" \"Of course not, love,\" Sabrina said smiling. She gave her fiancé a deep kiss. \"Now all that's left to do is make up.\" \"That's what the flowers were for.\" Sabrina smirked, draping her arms around Linus's shoulders. \"I had something else in mind.\"[Chapter 3] Sabrina giggled softly as she played with the corner of her pillow. \"If only they knew.\" \"Knew that?\" Linus asked, propping himself up on his elbow. Sabrina turned her head to face him, still smiling. \"That you are just as passionate in bed as you are with your business deals.\" Linus smiled and wrapped his arms around Sabrina, pulling her close to rest against his chest. \"Well, sweetheart, I always said business is pleasure.\" \"Did you now?\" \"Well, it sounds like something I would say.\" Sabrina laughed. \"Yes it does.\"[Chapter 4] Linus Larrabee was a shrewd business man. He'd handled the toughest negotiations with ease. Confessing his love for Sabrina Fairchild had been the most difficult thing he'd ever done. Little did he know a year into their marriage he would be facing yet another challenge, and it would all start with three simple words. \"Sweetheart, I'm pregnant.\"[Chapter 5] \"I want the baby to be born in New York,\" Sabrina said. \"As much as I love Paris I want her to be close to her grandparents.\" \"We could keep a home here,\" said Linus. \"We can afford it.\" Sabrina smiled weakly. After being Mrs. Larrabee for a year she still wasn't use to having enough money to own a home on two continents. Linus continued. \"We'll send her to the best schools and make sure she's enrolled in the right activities.\" \"Linus, she's still a fetus, you know,\" Sabrina said. \"She's barely been in there three months.\" \"It's never too early to start. I love my girl. I want what's best for her.\" Sabrina leaned over and kissed Linus on the cheek. \"You are going to make a great dad, and this baby girl is going to love you so much.\" \"Is it too early to start talking about names?\" \"I guess not. I've been thinking about what I'd name my children since I was very little.\" \"I was going to be their uncle back then,\" Linus said, teasing Sabrina about her old crush on his brother. \"What names do you like?\" Sabrina asked, ignoring her husband's earlier comment. \"Your mother's name was Eleanor, wasn't it? I like that.\" Sabrina rested her head on Linus's shoulder. \"I think I'd like that too. My father called my mother Nora as a pet name.\" \"Then we'll call our little girl Nora too.\"[Chapter 6] \"Come on, Linus, smile,\" Sabrina laughed, pointing the camera in her husband's direction. Linus groaned. \"Sabrina, you know how much I hate having my picture taken.\" Their one-year-old daughter, Nora made a gurgling noise as she played with her toy blocks. \"See, Nora agrees with me.\" Sabrina sighed and shook her head. She bit her bottom lip, suddenly thinking of something cleaver. She helped her little girls stand. \"Walk to Daddy, Nora.\" With Sabrina's help, Nora began wobbling to Linus, who smiled and opened his arms to her. Nora's tiny hands slipped form her mother's grip and Nora took her first steps on her own. Linus's smile brightened. \"You did it!\" he said, lifting Nora in the air. \"Daddy's so proud of you.\" Sabrina quickly snapped a picture and smiled. \"Got it.\"[Chapter 7] Linus smiled, resting his head on Sabrina's chest. He listened to her heart beat and her breathing slow as she calmed herself. Sabrina pushed her hand through Linus's thick, messy hair. \"I love you, Linus,\" she whispered. \"I love you, Sabrina,\" Linus responded. He moved down to kiss Sabrina's stomach, which had just begun to show signs of containing life. \"And I love this one too.\"[Chapter 8] Linus glanced up at the framed picture of his wife and daughter at the beach and smiled. His earlier meetings had left him feeling stressed, and he wished he was back at home in his pajamas helping his daughter set up her doll house for their next game. \"Mr. Larrabee,\" Mack called, peeking her head through the door. \"You have some visitors.\" Linus sat up excited. He knew exactly who was there to see him. He swirled his chair around and stood up as his Sabrina and their little girl entered the office. \"Daddy!\" Nora squealed running into Linus' open arms. Linus scooped her up and nuzzled noses with her. \"Hey, pumpkin. How was school?\" \"It was fun. Look what I made,\" the three-year-old said, presenting a stick-figure drawing of her family. Nora pointed to the large circle around drawing Sabrina's stomach. \"I even drew the babies in Mommy's tummy.\" \"That's wonderful, sweetheart,\" said Linus. He sat her back on the floor. \"Will you tape it up on the wall for me?\" Nora nodded and skipped off to the wall where several of her other drawings were. Linus turned his attention to a very pregnant Sabrina. He kissed her cheek. \"How are you feeling, dear?\" Sabrina sighed. \"I'm feeling like the twins are going to be gymnasts.\" \"You know you really should be resting.\" \"We have a three-year-old, Linus, and her pre-school only lasts until 2:00. Someone's got to look after her. I hate to keep asking Dad.\" \"First of all, you know your dad loves having Nora around, and second. You could bring her to me. I used to keep her here in the office all the time, remember?\" \"If I recall, you lost a big deal because of a diaper change.\" \"And secured an even bigger one because they thought a toddler speaking French was cute,\" said Linus with a grin. He cupped Sabrina's face and kissed her. \"We're about to add two new members to our family, Sabrina. We agreed on not hiring a nanny, but….\" \"We also agreed on stopping after one kid,\" Sabrina said, wrapping her arms around Linus as far as her belly would allow. \"Well, if their mother wasn't so stunningly beautiful,\" Linus said, leaning in for a deeper kiss. \"All done,\" Nora said, running in between her parents. Linus knelt down to Nora's level. \"Nora, baby, how would you like to spend the rest of the day with Daddy?\" Nora's face lit up. \"Really? Just you and me?\" Linus chuckled. \"Just you and me, princess.\" Nora threw her arms around Linus' neck and hugged him tight. Linus stood back up with his daughter in his arms. \"Wait. What about Mommy? What's Mommy going to do?\" Nora asked, wrinkling her forehead like Linus often did when he was confused. \"Mommy's going home to rest,\" Linus explained. \"Your sisters are making her very tired.\" \"Oh, ok,\" Nora said, not fully understanding why Sabrina couldn't just make the babies take a nap like she did. Linus looked back at Sabrina. \"David has one more week of paternity leave. After that I can start working more from home again.\" \"It's going to be hard for him to leave that little boy.\" \"Trust me, DJ will be coming to the office with him. David's always been a showoff and now he has a son to parade around the office,\" said Linus. He tickled Nora's belly. \"Just like I did with you, sweetie.\" Nora giggled and Sabrina smiled. \"I'll let you two get back to work. Try not to give Daddy a hard time.\" \"I'll be a good girl,\" Nora promised. \"Bye, honey,\" Linus said kissing Sabrina on the cheek. \"We'll see you at dinner.\" As Sabrina left she could hear Nora ask, \"Daddy, when I'm a 'busy-ness' lady will this be my office?\" Sabrina could tell Linus was smiling when he responded. \"If you want it to be, princess.\"[Chapter 9] Nora wasn't sure what to think of the two pink bundles napping in the play pin that used to be hers. Her little sisters had only been home one week and already the three-year-old was feeling them take over. Suddenly Nora felt someone pick her up from behind and lift her into the air. She looked back to see her father's smiling face. \"Were you checking on the twins?\" he asked, holding Nora against his side. \"You're a great big sister.\" Nora smiled. She didn't like the idea of having to share anything with the new babies, especially her daddy's attention. \"Daddy, are you and Mommy having any more babies?\" Linus smirked recalling the threats Sabrina had yelled at him during her labor with Nora, and the surgery Sabrina had immediately following Julie and Jessica's birth. \"No pumpkin. Mommy and Daddy aren't having any more babies.\" \"Good,\" Nora said with a smile. \"You know, Nora,\" Linus began, sitting in his favorite chair with this eldest daughter. \"Being the oldest is very important.\" \"It is?\" Linus nodded. \"You get to show your little sisters how to do things. I bet they'll learn faster than most babies because they'll be watching you, and you're so smart.\" \"Did you teach Uncle David stuff?\" Nora asked, her pretty hazel eyes sparkling with curiosity. Linus smiled weakly. He was quite a bit older than David…more than ten years in fact. Linus felt he hadn't been the best big brother to David when they were younger. Now that they were both married and had started families they were able to share problems, offer advice, and just enjoy being around each other. \"Yeah, we still teach each other things.\" \"Did you ever have to share something with Uncle David you didn't want to?\" Nora asked innocently. Linus's smile brightened thinking of his beautiful Sabrina fair, who was taking a nap in their bedroom. The thought of her having to share her love and attention with David years ago made him grateful he had her to himself now. \"Daddy…\" Nora said, wondering why her father hadn't answered yet. Well, almost all to himself.[Chapter 10] Sabrina smiled as she snuggled closer to Linus for warmth. The crackling fire before them made the late winter night seem just as magical as it had been their first year of marriage. Today they had celebrated their tenth wedding anniversary. \"It's almost midnight,\" Linus said. Sabrina laughed softly. \"We're well on our way to eleven years, handsome.\" \"And my mother was worried I'd never get married.\" \"I think she was more worried she'd never get any grandchildren out of you and David.\" \"Well, now she has five,\" Linus said. \"And if she wants more she needs to talk to David and Liz.\" \"I think they're finished having babies just like we are,\" Sabrina said. \"Now that all the kids are in school you and David can focus more on business.\" Linus smiled. He tilted Sabrina's chin up towards him and kissed her. \"I'd rather focus on this.\" ","Summary":" Sabrina looked out the open doorway, which led on to her apartment's balcony and a beautiful view o"},{"Movie":"If I Had Wings","Title":"Florilège","Author":"lasurvolte","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12857201","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Titre : Florilège. Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi Plectrude si ça vous dit ^^) Disclaimer : Les 100 appartiennent à leurs créateurs. Fic basée sur la série (oubliez le livre, oubliez-le) Pairing : Brad x Alex Note : fic écrite suite à la soirée drabble dés ! Les dés représentaient une pomme, un chien, et le verbe faire tomber ou rebondir. Rouler sur les pommes. C'est parce que sa mère avait oublié l'aspirateur dans les escaliers qu'Alex était tombé. Il s'était cassé la figure comme une balle qu'on fait rebondir, et il s'était fait plutôt mal. Sa mère avait présenté un million de fois ses excuses déjà. - Je suis tellement désolé, le téléphone a sonné et… Un million et une fois. - C'est bon maman. Ça peut arriver, ce n'est pas grave. Des tas de gosses tombaient des escaliers, et ils n'étaient pas aveugles. C'était juste un accident et il n'y avait pas mort d'homme. Mais sa mère culpabilisait et l'empêchait d'aller courir. Des fois qu'il tomberait sur un aspirateur perdu au milieu de la forêt. - Je serai avec mon chien d'aveugle, plaisante Alex, laisse-moi y aller. - Et si Brad venait à rouler sur une pomme et que tu tombes aussi ? - Les aléas de la vie, ronchonne Alex avant de reprendre, m'maaaan, pourquoi tu voudrais qu'il roule sur une pomme franchement ? C'est le père qui réussit à convaincre la mère de laisser partir Alex. Et heureusement, parce que s'ils l'ignoraient encore, Alex et Brad avaient commencé à sortir ensemble. Alex raconta l'histoire à son petit-ami qui l'embrassa sur la bouche, et rit : - À défaut de rouler sur les pommes, voilà qu'on se roule des pelles. Ça fit marrer Alex. - Alors continuons. Fin. L'autatrice : j'ai décidé de faire un petit recueil de fics sur ce fandom et ce pairing, parce que j'en ai écrit quelques-unes déjà, mais qu'elles sont assez courtes.[Chapter 2] Prompt : J'ai changé d'avis Le patin à glace. Alex avait la bouche grande ouverte et la tête levée et de temps à autre un flocon atterrissait sur sa langue, les autres sur son visage. Ce n'était pas un temps pour courir, alors lui et Brad ne courraient pas. Alex profitait de la neige et de chaque sensation. Il adorait ça. Brad, lui, tapait des pieds en se plaignant du froid et en se demandant pourquoi il n'était pas resté au chaud chez lui. - C'est vrai pourquoi ? Tu savais qu'on ne pourrait pas courir avec quinze centimètres de neige. Dit Alex. - Je pense qu'au vu de ton acharnement, tu courrais quand même. Alex sourit. Brad n'avoua pas qu'il voulait passer du temps avec Alex, tout simplement. Ils se connaissaient depuis quelques mois maintenant, passaient la majorité de leur temps ensemble. Peut-être que c'était pour ça que ça n'avait pas fonctionné entre Brad et Julie, ou Alex et Amy. - Tu veux qu'on coure ? Demanda Alex. - Pas moyen. La piste est comme une patinoire. Le visage d'Alex s'illumina et Brad regretta d'avoir utilisé le mot « patinoire ». - Tu en as déjà fait ? - Quoi donc ? - Du patin à glace. - Euh… Pas vraiment. - Génial, on peut essayer. Je sais qu'il y a une patinoire dans un coin de la ville. - Je la connais. Confirma Brad. - On y va alors ? - Pas moyen. Alex haussa les épaules et pencha de nouveau la tête en arrière et choppa encore deux, trois flocons avec sa bouche. Et Brad soupira : - Okay allons-y ! Sérieux pourquoi ne pouvait-il rien refuser à Alex ? Au vu du sourire tout heureux d'Alex, la réponse n'était pas difficile à deviner. Alex paya la location des patins pour les deux et Brad râla à propos de charité. - Tu me rembourseras, fit Alex. - Bien sûr que je te rembourserai, tu me prends pour qui ? Je t'ai déjà dit… - Je sais ce que tu m'as dit. Le coupa Alex qui connaissait son discours par cœur. Allez viens ! Alex se dirigea comme il put vers un banc et s'assit. Il enfila les patins et tira sur les lacets, s'emmêla avec eux. Il n'avait jamais mis de patins. - Brad ? - Oui Alex ? - Je vais avoir besoin de ton aide. Brad regarda les nœuds d'Alex et leva les yeux au ciel, puis il s'agenouilla devant lui et accrocha les patins. - Tu es sûr que tu veux faire ça Alex ? - Pourquoi pas ? Douterais-tu de mes supers capacités de super héros ? - Aha, bien sûr, j'avais oublié. - N'oublie pas, fit Alex l'air amusé. Brad termina de nouer ses lacets. Il prit le bras d'Alex et le conduisit jusqu'à la patinoire. Il l'aida à monter sur la glace et Alex s'accrocha au mur. Brad le suivit et même lui ne fut pas du tout à son aise. Alex avançait doucement, cherchant son équilibre. Brad se demandait ce qu'il foutait ici et commençait à sérieusement regretté d'être venu. Alex avançait plus vite que lui. Est-ce que quelque chose effrayait ce type ? Alex finit même par se lâcher, frôlant à peine le mur juste pour se diriger. - Attention Alex, quelqu'un devant toi. Alex s'arrêta et Brad le rejoignit tant bien que mal. - Mec, j'ai changé d'avis, ce n'est vraiment pas une bonne idée le patin à glace. - Tu veux déjà partir ? Demanda Alex en faisant la moue. Brad se frotta le front. Mince, pourquoi fallait-il qu'Alex soit si mignon ? - Non, restons. Au bout d'une demi-heure, Alex se débrouillait très bien et Brad se débrouillait comme il pouvait. Le plus drôle c'était que c'était lui qui était accroché à l'épaule d'Alex et lui indiquait les gens alors qu'Alex le tirait et que Brad cherchait à garder son équilibre. - On a échangé nos place, s'amusa Brad. - Est-ce que ça te dérange ? - Non, pour une fois, c'est toi qui bosses ! Alex éclata de rire, sa main continuait de frôler le mur. - Brad ? - Alex ? - J'ai envie de faire un truc complètement fou. - Est-ce que je peux t'en empêcher ? - Je ne crois pas, dit Alex en lâchant le mur et en allant au centre de la patinoire. Ou ce qu'il supposait le centre. - Guide moi. Brad rit jaune, fut content que la patinoire soit à moitié désertée. - Tout droit, il n'y a personne devant nous. Alex avança et ils se retrouvèrent loin des murs, loin de tout équilibre. La main de Brad se resserra un peu plus sur l'épaule d'Alex, d'ailleurs il utilisa ses deux mains. Le sourire d'Alex ne voulait plus se décoller de son visage. - Il n'y a toujours personne devant ? - Les gens sont plutôt restés près des murs. - Alors accélérons. - Oh… Non, non, Alex… Mais trop tard, Alex avait accéléré la cadence et Brad ne contrôlait plus rien, il ne faisait que le tenir et se laisser tirer. Il allait vraiment se casser la figure si ça continuait. Alex s'amusa à courir sur la glace et à se laisser glisser, Brad se vit collé contre lui et passa ses bras autour de sa taille pour ne pas se casser la tronche. Alex se tourna machinalement dans ses bras et Brad trouva que le visage d'Alex était beaucoup trop près du sien. - Je n'ai aucune idée de ce qui est en train de se passer, dit Alex, il est entrain de se passer un truc non ? - Toi en train de courir sur la glace comme un fou, fit Brad évitant le sujet. - Entre nous, insista Alex. Brad resta silencieux et Alex posa sa main sur son visage, chercha sa joue et l'embrassa. Puis il lui tourna le dos et recommença à avancer, retrouvant les murs. Brad resta muet, incapable de le guider, juste bon à s'accrocher à lui. Alex semblait très fier de lui. - Brad ? - Hmmmm ? - Demain, on pourrait faire de la luge ? Brad sourit finalement. - Si tu veux Alex. De toute façon, pouvait-il lui refuser quelque chose ? Fin. L'autatrice : une petite chose sur ce couple que j'avais écrit lors d'une soirée drabble et qui s'est transformé en quelque chose de beaucoup plus long.[Chapter 3] Titre : Les yeux bandés Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi Plectrude si ça vous dit ^^) Disclaimer : If I had wings ne m'appartient pas, mais c'est un super film ! Pairing : Brad x Alex Prompt : Ses yeux glacés peuvent brûler Brad se cramponnait à l'épaule d'Alex. - Tu es sûr que tu connais le terrain par cœur ? - Sûr de sûr, fit Alex, ça fait des milliers de fois que je le fais. Ne t'inquiète pas. - Je m'inquiète quand même si tu permets. Brad aurait voulu retirer le bandeau qu'il avait autour des yeux et voir où il foutait les pieds, mais comme un abruti il avait parié avec Julie qu'il pouvait le faire (marcher les yeux bandés). Il n'aurait pas parié s'il avait su que c'était Alex qui le guiderait. Mais maintenant, il avait ce bandeau autour des yeux, il se tenait à Alex qui le guidait. Un aveugle comme guide d'aveugle, y avait pas un problème là ? - On va monter. Brad n'avait pas voulu courir, il avait déjà l'impression qu'il allait se tuer en marchant, et ça lui suffisait. Pourtant Alex ne commit aucune erreur. « On tourne à droite » « On descend » « Attention il y a une petite bosse » « On va marcher sur l'herbe » . Trois kilomètres et Alex connaissait effectivement le terrain par cœur. Le premier kilomètre avait été une épreuve pour Brad, il ne cessait pas de s'arrêter, d'hésiter, de trébucher. De demander à Alex s'il était sûr de lui et Alex continuait de le rassurer. Dix mille fois, Brad avait songé à enlever le bandeau, mais ça aurait été de la triche. Et sans savoir pourquoi exactement, il était persuadé qu'Alex s'en rendrait compte. Peut-être qu'Alex avait vraiment des super pouvoirs finalement. Le deuxième kilomètre avait été plus facile. Brad avait pris un certain rythme, il avait remarqué qu'Alex ne se trompait pas, à aucun moment, n'oubliait pas de le prévenir, le guidait convenablement et Brad était toujours vivant après aussi longtemps. - Comment tu fais Alex ? Pour te souvenir aussi bien. - Comment tu fais Brad ? Pour ne pas te rappeler ? Brad sourit. Evidemment. Peut-être que c'était lui qui aurait dû se souvenir de cette route, qu'il avait prit également des tonnes de fois. Le troisième kilomètre fut un réel plaisir, Brad avait abandonné toute méfiance, marchant normalement, sans rien voir, faisant confiance à Alex pour être ses yeux. Même si c'était ironique. Ils parlèrent, se posèrent des questions, Brad accepta même de trottiner sur la fin. Ils arrivèrent au bout en un seul morceau. Où Julie les attendait. Brad retira finalement le bandeau. - Alors ? Demanda-t-elle. - Alors je me demande comment fait Alex, dit Brad. Alex haussa les épaules. - Question d'habitude. xxx Brad recommença. Alex le guida au lycée. Puis en pleine rue. Ils allèrent dans des endroits où Alex n'était pas familier. Une fois, après ce genre de promenade étrange, ils s'assirent tous les deux sur un banc, Brad retira son bandeau et Alex demanda : - Pourquoi tu fais ça Brad ? C'était une bonne question. Pourquoi est-ce qu'il faisait ça ? Brad regarda les yeux d'Alex. Alex ne le regardait jamais droit dans les yeux, il tournait la tête là où il pensait que son visage était, son regard toujours à côté. Et pourtant pas vide. Pas vide du tout. Brad attrapa le menton d'Alex et le guida pour que ses yeux soient en face des siens, et là encore on sentait que ses yeux lui faisaient défauts, qu'ils faisaient offices de décorations. Et pourtant on pouvait tout lire sur son visage. Alex ne savait pas cacher ses émotions, ne savait pas que ses yeux étaient comme la glace, et pourtant brûlaient d'une passion qui le consumait. Et qui consumait Brad avec lui. - Je voulais savoir. Ce que c'était d'être toi. - Et ? - Et je crois que je ne peux pas savoir complètement, mais que j'aime m'abandonner à mon tour, avoir confiance. Les sourcils d'Alex se froncèrent. - Je ne comprends pas. - C'est enivrant de s'abandonner, de savoir que la personne va nous guider, va nous emmener où il faut. Alex se mordit les lèvres. - Alors finalement, tu sais ce que c'est que d'être moi. - Ah bon ? - Oui, quand je m'abandonne à toi pour m'emmener où il faut, pour courir assez vite pour gagner. - Woh cette discussion devient très bizarre, fit Brad qui commençait à être gêné. Alex sourit. - Tu n'es pas obligé de faire ça Brad, j'aime quand c'est toi qui me guides. - Mais tu n'aimes pas devoir me guider ? - Si. Aussi. J'ai l'impression de devenir réellement indépendant, et c'est agréable de savoir que quelqu'un compte sur moi. - Alors on peut continuer. - Tu as autant confiance en moi ? Et si je traversais au mauvais endroit un jour ? Demanda Alex. - Et si je te guidais dans un terrain miné pour me débarrasser de toi ? Rétorqua Brad. Alex pencha la tête sur le côté. - Mais tu ne veux pas te débarrasser de moi, n'est ce pas ? - Quand on trouve un sens à sa vie, on ne s'en débarrasse pas Alex. Brad se demanda si Alex savait qu'il rougissait, et que ça le rendait trop mignon. xxx Brad ferma les yeux et posa ses mains sur le visage d'Alex. Voilà à quoi ressemblait Alex sous ses doigts. - Je pense que je peux dire que tu es beau. - Et quand tu me vois ? Demanda Alex. - Tu es beau, confirma Brad. - Et mes fesses ? Brad posa une main sur ses fesses et Alex sursauta. - Tu m'as demandé, fit Brad. Et elles sont très biens. - Je voulais dire avec tes yeux ! - Elles sont belles avec mes yeux aussi. Alex fit la moue : - Je ne sais pas pour les tiennes. - Bon. Alors tu peux les toucher. Alex ne s'en priva pas, puis sourit. - Julie avait raison. - N'est ce pas ? xxx Brad avait le bandeau sur les yeux quand la bouche d'Alex rencontra la sienne. Est-ce qu'il l'aurait arrêté s'il l'avait vu ? Sans doute pas. Pas du tout. xxx Brad continua d'embrasser Alex. Même sans bandeau. Fin. L'autatrice : une fic écrite lors d'une soirée drabble (et elle s'est un peu transformé en quelque chose de longs et d'énormes).[Chapter 4] Prompt : Je suis toujours pas devenu invincible Invincible. Alex avait essayé. Toucher le visage de Brad. Lui dire qu'il était beau. Parler de ses fesses. Lui demander s'il avait une petite amie. Essayer d'être mignon (mais comment savoir ? Si ça se trouve il avait une sale gueule, des tâches partout, des yeux crasseux, des dents mal lavés et des restes de lait mal essuyé sur la tronche), flirter, le rendre jaloux avec Amy. Brad sortait avec Julie quand même. Julie avait de la chance, elle voyait Brad, elle touchait Brad, elle embrassait Brad, elle avait le droit aux fesses de Brad. Julie aimait bien parler de Brad et Alex aimait bien que Julie parle de Brad mais Alex était jaloux. Pourtant il passait beaucoup de temps avec Brad. À courir. À nager parfois même. À discuter. Partager une limonade chez Brad, l'inviter à regarder un film devant cette télé immense qu'Alex ne voyait même pas peu importe la taille. - Alors là la fille vient de clairement pousser sa copine dans la piscine. Dit Brad. Alex écoutait, pas le film, juste la voix de Brad qui racontait. Son audio description à lui. Des fois il entendait Brad rire et souriait d'avance. - Elle vient de mettre un coup de pied dans les couilles du mec, j'ai mal pour lui, je te jure. Alex avait mal aussi, mais pas tant que ça, Brad continuait de rire et Alex le sentait trembler à côté de lui et c'était merveilleux. Entendre, sentir. C'était fantastique tout ce rire. Mais Brad avait un rendez-vous avec Julie juste après. - Merci pour le film Alex, on se voit demain. Enfin façon de parler. Alex trouvait ce genre de remarque très amusante et rit. - À plus Brad. - À plus Alex. Et Alex attendait quelque chose qui ne venait pas, il entendait la porte de l'entrée se fermer et se retrouvait seul avec une télé qu'il ne voyait pas. Alors il se préparait et montait et descendait les escaliers en courant. Jusqu'à ce que son crâne se vide. Mais il ne se vidait jamais complètement de Brad. Alex aimait prendre des risques, c'était un casse cou, et il avait du mal quand on le protégeait trop comme sa mère. Quand il avait l'impression qu'on le réduisait à son handicap, de n'être plus que ses yeux aveugles, plutôt qu'un Alex tout entier. Cela lui donnait encore plus envie de faire quelque chose de fous, et c'est ce qu'il voulu faire ce jour là suite à une dispute avec sa mère. Qui ne voulait pas qu'il participe au triathlon. Parce que c'était trop dangereux, parce qu'il allait se blesser, peut-être pire. Parce que « non Alex tu n'es pas capable de faire du vélo ». « Qu'est ce que t'en sais ? je n'ai jamais essayé » Avait-il crié en claquant la porte. Alex criait rarement, mais ça avait été trop. Maintenant il voulait qu'on le lâche, qu'on le laisse faire ce qu'il voulait. Il voulu entraîner Brad avec lui mais Brad avait rendez-vous avec Julie. Julie, Julie, Julie, Julie. Un jour Alex n'aurait même plus Brad. Comme un oiseau qui perd ses ailes et à qui il ne reste plus qu'à s'adapter au sol. Alex alla nager tout seul. Idiot. Fou. Mais il nagea quand même. Loin. Incapable ensuite de savoir dans quelle direction rentrer. Perdu dans un lac qui n'emmenait nulle part et sans savoir comment retourner quelque part. Alex fit la planche, se reposa en laissant son corps flotter, réfléchissant à une solution sans en trouver aucune. Si personne ne le trouvait il allait terminer ici. Et sa mère aurait eu raison tout ce temps, il était incapable de se débrouiller seul. De rage il recommença à nager, dans toutes les directions, jusqu'à retrouver le sol. Il s'agenouilla sur celui-ci et se mit à pleurer. Il n'était pas invincible, il ne le deviendrait sans doute jamais. Il aimait seulement faire croire qu'il l'était. Alex n'en parla pas. Surtout pas à ses parents. Ni à Julie. Ni à Brad. Ni à personne. Il se referma sur lui-même. Il courrait en silence, il ne se battait plus pour faire quoi que ce soit, il laissait sa mère le couver. Même sa mère trouva ça inquiétant. Mais Alex trouvait toujours comment détourner le sujet avec un trait d'humour ou un devoir à faire pour le lycée. Julie essaya de lui parler, en vain. - Tout va bien, tu t'en fais trop pour rien. Comment ça se passe avec Brad ? - Je ne te parle pas de Brad là, Alex ! Alex trouva ça dommage, il n'avait pas envie qu'on parle de lui-même. Brad ne le fit pas parler, pas tout de suite, il l'emmena d'abord courir, loin, assez pour que leurs poumons brûlent et qu'ils aient besoin d'une pause. Alors ils s'assirent et seulement là, Brad prit la parole après avoir reprit sa respiration. - Tu veux aller nager après ? - Non ! Alex avait répondu trop vite et Brad attendit. Compta jusqu'à dix. Un silence énervant, qui força Alex à le combler. - Je… suis allé nager tout seul l'autre coup. - Vraiment ? - Et je suis resté coincé. Alex soupira, se sentant honteux, mal, triste. - Pourquoi tu as fait ça ? - Parce que t'étais pas là, que ma mère me surprotège, que Julie est plus importante pour toi. - Julie n'est pas plus importante. Les sourcils d'Alex s'arquèrent, il n'en croyait pas un mot. - J'avais besoin de faire quelque chose de moi-même. - Et tu as failli te noyer. - Je m'en suis sorti. Brad le poussa doucement : - Ouais, mais la prochaine fois, appelle-moi. - Sauf si tu es avec Julie. - Même si je suis avec Julie, si c'est urgent, je serai là. xxx Nouvelle prise de tête. Alex se sentait sur une ligne. À cause de Brad, à cause de Julie. Il voulait encore faire n'importe quoi, prendre des risques. Brad était avec Julie et Alex le savait. Il n'avait qu'à faire quelque chose sans lui, mais il l'appela quand même. « Si c'est urgent, je serai là ». - C'est urgent. Dit Alex. Brad mit quinze minutes à arriver. Il couru avec Alex, alla nager avec Alex, alla même faire de la balançoire avec Alex. - Tu te sens mieux ? Demanda Brad. - J'aimerais être invincible, répondit Alex. - Tu as déjà des lasers qui te sortent des pouces, c'est déjà pas mal, n'est ce pas ? Alex sourit. Et craqua. - Je t'aime. Il aurait voulu pouvoir fuir après avoir dit ça mais ne savait même pas dans quelle direction aller. Il était coincé. Le silence lui fit peur, plus peur encore que d'être coincé dans un lac sans savoir où nager pour rentrer. Il sentit alors la main de Brad sur son épaule, rassurante. - Courrons, lui dit-il. Alex accepta. Même s'il ne savait pas ce que pensait Brad de ce qu'il avait dit. xxx Dernière dispute. Alex se sentait triste, sa mère était fatiguée. Alex voulait trop en faire, sa mère voulait qu'il ne fasse rien. Son père n'arrivait plus à les rassembler. Alex se sentait malheureux parce que Brad n'avait pas répondu, parce que Julie parlait toujours de Brad, parce qu'il se sentait seul et que sa mère ne voulait pas le laisser monter sur un vélo, ne voulait pas qu'il se blesse. Quitte à le blesser pour ça. Alex voulait simplement être normal, faire les choses qu'il aimait, qu'on arrête de l'arrêter comme s'il n'était qu'un objet fragile. Il voulait qu'on l'aime aussi, que Brad court avec lui mais l'embrasse aussi. Il voulait trop de choses, n'avait que la course. C'était déjà ça, c'était toujours ça. Il aimait courir. Alex appela Brad. Nouvelle urgence. Brad vint, le fit courir. - Ma mère ne veut pas pour le triathlon, pourquoi ne me laisse-t-elle pas faire ce que j'ai envie ? Brad n'avait pas la réponse mais une autre question. - Tu m'aimes alors ? Alex rit. - Tu as mis si longtemps avant de réagir ? - Désolé. C'était… Bizarre. - Désolé d'être bizarre, ronchonna Alex. - Pas de problème, je suis habitué. Alex retrouva son sourire. - Je suis si bizarre que ça ? - Hm non. Je ne connais juste personne aussi accroché que toi à ses buts. Tu n'abandonnes jamais n'est ce pas ? Et tu vas à fond dans ce que tu as décidé. - Pourquoi ? Pas toi ? Brad soupira : - Pas autant que toi, j'abandonne plus vite. Je n'ai pas autant besoin que toi de courir ou de me donner à fond. - Alors pourquoi tu le fais ? - C'est évident non ? - Non. - Pour toi Alex. Pour te donner la chance de faire ce que tu as envie. Alex se sentit touché. Heureux. - Merci Brad… - J'espère que ta mère pourra le comprendre. xxx Longues discussions mère/fils. Alex reconnaît que ça peut être dangereux le triathlon, la mère est désolée de trop s'inquiéter. Elle le laissera nager pour commencer. S'entraîner. - Avec Brad bien sûr ! Dit sa mère. - Bien sûr. Elle ignorait qu'ils nageaient déjà ensemble. Qu'il avait désormais juste une raison officielle de plus de voir Brad. xxx « Brad c'est une urgence ». Alex n'était pas désolé d'avoir des urgences non urgentes. Brad venait à chaque fois, se rendait compte que rien n'était urgent, et n'en voulait pas à Alex. Ne lui faisait pas de reproches. Restait avec lui. Ils allaient courir, nager. Et Brad avait emmené Alex dans une salle de sport où celui-ci avait pédalé sur un vélo de salle. - Il ne va nulle part ton vélo. - Mais toi tu peux imaginer n'importe quoi, lui avait dit Brad. Et il avait inventé un chemin que parcourait Alex. Alex avait eu l'impression de faire vraiment du vélo. Julie parla moins de Brad, Alex en parla trop. - Tu l'aimes n'est ce pas ? Comprit sa meilleure amie. Alex ne lui mentit pas. - Oui. Julie soupira. - Je crois que ça ne marche pas entre nous. Il pense à toi, il court vers toi. Je crois que ça marche mieux entre vous. Alex n'était pas désolé non plus de ça. Même si c'était triste pour Julie. xxx Brad arriva dans la chambre d'Alex et tourna dedans, furieux. - Qu'est ce qu'il y a ? - Julie m'a plaqué Alex. - Je suis désolé. - Tu n'es pas désolé du tout. Elle m'a plaqué parce qu'elle pense que toi et moi… Alex attendit mais la suite ne vint jamais. - Toi et moi quoi ? - On est bien mieux ensemble. C'est toi qui lui as mis ces idées dans la tête n'est ce pas ? - Non. C'est elle toute seule. Alex entendit Brad s'asseoir sur son lit, puis se relever et recommencer à marcher dans sa chambre. - Je ne t'aime pas Alex, pas comme ça. Alex se sentit mal. Il n'était pas invincible et ça… Ça c'était douloureux. Ça lui donnait des envies d'escalade, de tir à l'arc, de ski nautique, de parachutisme, de sports dangereux et encore plus difficile pour un aveugle. - D'accord je com… La porte claqua. - …prend. xxx Alex fut surpris que Brad vienne à l'entraînement le lendemain. - Je suis là juste pour courir Alex. - D'accord. Courir c'était déjà pas mal. Il fut surpris que Brad vienne quand il l'appela pour une fausse urgence (Alex avait eut le culot d'essayer). Il fut surpris que Brad ne lui en veuille pas. Ne l'engueule pas. Que Brad le laisse appeler pour rien. Alex fut surpris que Brad reste. Il ne l'aimait pas, pas comme ça, mais il venait, il était là. Et ils allaient faire du vélo de salle et Brad parlait d'un chemin merveilleux, et Alex voyageait sur un vélo qui ne bougeait pas. Grâce à Brad. - Merci. Dit-il un jour. Brad ne lui répondit pas. xxx Alex avait nagé sans Brad, celui-ci s'était allongé un moment. C'était sans doute endormi. Alex était parti nagé parce qu'il était idiot. Il était allé loin, puis avait fait la planche, et s'était perdu. Mais Brad était arrivé à côté de lui, avait posé sa main sur son bras, l'avait guidé. L'avait ramené. - Tu m'a fais super peur ! Cria Brad. - T'es pas ma mère, s'agaça Alex. Alex sentit que Brad tenait son tee-shirt avec colère. Mais Brad ne lui avait jamais fais de mal et il n'avait pas peur. - Ne refais plus ça Alex, ne le fais plus ! - Je peux me débrouiller seul. - Bien sûr que tu le peux, mais des fois il y a des choses qu'on ne peut pas faire seul, même moi ça m'arrive. - Quoi par exemple ? Demanda Alex. Brad relâcha Alex, réfléchit et répondit : - J'ai eu besoin de ton père pour ne pas aller à Richmont, j'ai eu besoin de mon père quand je me suis fais virer de l'équipe de cross la première fois, je suis incapable de passer une journée sans toi, et incapable de ne pas t'aimer. Alex se raidit. - Tu as dis que… - Je sais ce que j'ai dis et j'ai menti et j'ai eu beau essayer et essayer encore de ne pas t'aimer, au final je t'aime c'est comme ça. Le sourire d'Alex illumina son visage, mais ça, seul Brad pu le voir. Et c'était à cause de ce genre de sourire en particulier, qu'il aimait Alex. Et tout le reste. - Il y a autre chose qu'on ne peut pas faire seul, ajouta Brad. - Quoi donc ? Demanda Alex. Brad lui donna la réponse sans la dire. Simplement en posant ses lèvres sur les siennes. Alex ne nagea plus tout seul. Mais il se sentit un peu plus invincible. Fin. L'autatrice : encore du Brad x Alex (bien sûr quoi d'autre). J'aime trop ce couple pour mon bien.[Chapter 5] Prompt : J'ai perdu mon temps Perte de temps. Brad se disait que l'avantage du handicap d'Alex, c'était qu'il pouvait le fixer aussi longtemps qu'il le voulait, Alex ne le remarquerait pas. - Qu'est ce qu'il y a Brad ? Bon. Comment faisait-il pour le remarquer ? Comment savait-il ? Brad passa sa main devant les yeux d'Alex : - Je peux toujours te donner ma photo, fit Alex avec un sourire. - Tu es sûr d'être aveugle ? - Sûr de sûr. - Alors comment tu sais qu'il y a quelque chose ? Alex haussa les épaules : - N'oublie pas que j'ai des pouvoirs. Brad eut un petit rire. - Ah oui, c'est vrai. Brad ne pouvait cependant pas s'empêcher de regarder Alex. Ça n'avait pas fonctionné avec Julie, mais ce n'était pas difficile de saisir pourquoi et pourtant Brad lui-même ne comprenait pas ce qui lui arrivait. Ou ne voulait pas comprendre. Laissant le temps passer sans le retenir, se contentant de fixer Alex quand il le pouvait. Comment Alex se rendait compte du regard de Brad sur lui ? C'était un mystère. Pourtant Alex s'en rendait compte. Il demandait, presque à chaque fois, à Brad, s'il voulait quelque chose. Des fois Alex ne disait rien, mais il se mettait à sourire. Brad détournait les yeux, comme prit sur le fait, et pourtant ce n'était pas comme si Alex pouvait réellement le voir. Brad finit par redemander : - Dis-moi comment tu fais pour savoir que je te regarde ? Alex paru hésiter avant de répondre. Alex hésitait rarement, il était plutôt franc, ses émotions se lisaient facilement sur son visage en plus. Cela surprit Brad de le voir chercher ses mots. - Je crois que… Commença Alex. - Tu crois quoi ? - Ton regard me brûle. Je crois. Les joues d'Alex devinrent rouges tandis qu'il avouait ça. - C'est difficile à expliquer, ajouta-t-il l'air gêné. Brad se sentit aussi rouge que lui, aussi gêné. Après tout c'était son regard à lui qui brûlait. Brad ne s'était pas rendu compte qu'il le regardait à ce point. Combien de temps avait-il perdu ensuite ? A réfléchir et se prendre la tête et à hésiter ? Brad ne compta pas. - Ton regard commence à me brûler, plaisanta Alex alors que Brad n'arrêtait pas de le fixer depuis dix bonnes minutes. Puisque le regard de Brad était ainsi, la réponse était facile. Il n'avait servi à rien de réfléchir aussi longtemps, et même s'il avait peur de la réaction d'Alex, Brad brûla les lèvres d'Alex avec les siennes. Baiser auquel Alex répondit sans réfléchir, sans poser de question. S'y abandonnant comme s'il l'attendait autant que Brad. Définitivement, Brad avait perdu trop de temps à regarder Alex. Fin. L'autatrice : j'ai pensé à cette fic parce qu'au début du film, Alex remarque que Brad le regarde. Il doit avoir l'habitude en même temps qu'on l'observe. Mais quand c'est Brad, bien sûr c'est différent, éhé.[Chapter 6] Prompt : Les nuits sont longues Mot de passe. Brad avait dit ça comme ça, parce qu'il pensait sans arrêt à Alex, parce qu'il avait toujours envie d'aller courir. - Je trouve que les nuits sont longues. Il l'avait dit sans penser, sans faire attention à ce qu'il disait. Alex leva un sourcil et Brad compris qu'il avait dit une connerie. - Les nuits sont éternelles pour moi, dit Alex gentiment. Alors ouais elles sont un peu longues. - Désolé Alex. Alex sourit : - Pas de problème. - J'avais oublié. - C'est une bonne chose tu sais ? Que tu oublies. J'aimerais des fois que ma mère oublie, comme toi. Brad se passa une main dans les cheveux. Retint son envie de s'excuser à nouveau. Alex demanda : - Et donc ? - Quoi ? - Pourquoi tu trouves les nuits longues ? Brad ne répondit pas que c'était parce qu'Alex n'était pas dans ses nuits. Alex dormait mal ces derniers temps. Parce que ses jambes le démangeaient, parce que Brad n'était pas là. C'était comme si la nuit était réellement éternelle pour le coup. Silencieuse aussi. Beaucoup trop. Il se levait une heure avant son réveil, réveillait ses parents en courant dans les escaliers, allait au lycée et était heureux de retrouver Brad pour courir. Alors lui aussi le dit sans réfléchir. - Les nuits sont longues en ce moment. - Tu ne m'avais pas dis qu'elles étaient éternelles pour toi ? - Mais là c'est pire. - Pourquoi ? Alex était plus honnête et franc que Brad. - Parce que tu n'es pas là. Et ça les fit rire. Parce qu'ils n'allaient quand même pas aller courir la nuit. N'est-ce pas ? Brad avait aidé Alex à faire le mur, puis ils étaient allés courir de nuit. Ca ne changeait rien pour Alex et pourtant ça changeait tout. Brad devait faire gaffe parce qu'il ne voyait pas toujours le terrain. C'était assez grisant d'être là, de courir avec Alex, au milieu de la nuit. Nuit qui fut trop courte. - On recommencera ? Avait demandé Alex avec espoir. - Oui. Avait répondu Brad. D'autres jours. D'autres nuits. Un mot de passe. - Les nuits sont longues. Ce qui rendit les nuits vraiment courtes ? Même pour Alex ? Ce fut leurs lèvres s'accrochant. Sans y penser. Juste comme ça. Ce fut comme si pendant un moment Alex pouvait vraiment voir, un contact que si fort, que la nuit prit fin, pour laisser place à un arc-en-ciel d'émotion. D'autres jours. D'autres nuits. Un nouveau mot de passe. - Les nuits sont courtes. Fin. L'autatrice : une nouvelle petite fic sur le couple Brad x Alex.[Chapter 7] Défi : placer les mots : tapis, lapin, ombre Le rendez-vous. Alex aurait pu observer la couleur du tapis et faire un commentaire sur ce rouge immonde et un peu délavé. Sauf qu'il était aveugle, qu'il ne voyait même pas la couleur du tapis qui aurait tout aussi bien pu être bleu. Il savait juste qu'il y avait un tapis, parce qu'il avait senti la matière différente sous ses pieds. S'il avait pu observer la couleur du tapis, ça l'aurait occupé. Brad n'arrivait pas. Alex ne cessait de toucher sa montre pour savoir l'heure. Cinq minutes de retard, quinze minutes de retard, trente minutes de retard. Est-ce que Brad lui avait posé un lapin ? Est-ce qu'Alex avait mal compris ? Quand Brad lui avait dit qu'il n'aimait pas vraiment Julie, que la personne qu'il aimait était en face de lui et qu'il voulait un rancard avec lui, peut-être parlait-il de quelqu'un d'autre qu'Alex, peut-être y avait-il quelqu'un d'autre en face de Brad à ce moment-là et Alex ne l'avait pas vu. Pourtant quand Alex avait dit oui, Brad lui avait donné le lieu de rendez-vous. Est-ce qu'Alex avait mal compris ? Est-ce qu'il y avait deux bar du même nom ? Est-ce qu'il s'était trompé et était entré dans le mauvais ? Pourtant sa mère l'avait déposé devant, alors était-ce elle qui s'était gourée ? Alex faisait tourner son verre, vide depuis longtemps, entre ses doigts. Il aurait voulu disparaître dans son ombre, si Brad lui avait réellement posé un lapin. Et puis soudain, une voix, un peu essoufflé résonna près de lui : - Désolé je suis en retard, mon frère a encore fait des siennes. Un sourire naquit sur les lèvres d'Alex qui secoua la tête : - Pas grave. Je n'ai presque pas attendu, mentit-il. Il ne regrettait pas d'avoir attendu. Il oublia d'ailleurs qu'il avait attendu quand, à la fin du rendez-vous la bouche de Brad se posa sur la sienne. Fin. L'autatrice : écrit vite fait un après-midi d'ennuie.[Chapter 8] Dés : Fée, scarabée, creuser. La fée. Brad posa le scarabée dans la main d'Alex qui fronça les sourcils alors que l'insecte restait dans sa paume. - C'est un insecte ? - Oui. - Une lucarne ? - Tu sais à quoi ressemble une lucarne ? - Oui, mon père m'en a déjà fait toucher. - C'est un scarabée, répondit Brad. - Ça ressemble, commenta Alex. - Un peu, acquiesça Brad. Alex prit l'insecte entre ses doigts et le reposa délicatement par terre avant de s'asseoir dans l'herbe. Brad s'assit près de lui : - T'as jamais eu envie qu'une fée te fasse retrouver la vue ? - Les fées n'existent pas, sourit Alex. - Ouais mais… Je sais pas. Tu t'es jamais dis que c'était injuste ? - Si, pleins de fois, des centaines de fois même. Mais ça sert à rien. Ça met en colère et ça ne fait pas avancer. Et puis être aveugle ne m'empêche pas de faire pleins de choses. Courir, nager, avoir des scarabées dans les mains, creuser… - Creuser ? - Oui, mon père voulait planter quelque chose dans le jardin et il m'a demandé mon aide. Il pense que le fait d'être aveugle ne doit pas m'empêcher de faire des choses. - Ton père est un type bien, admit Brad que le père d'Alex avait beaucoup aidé. - Oui. Ils restèrent silencieux un instant et Alex reprit : - Il y a bien un truc… Un regret… Des fois il y a quelque chose que j'aimerais voir… - Tu aimerais voir quoi ? Alex arracha quelques brins d'herbes avant d'avouer : - Toi. J'aimerais voir tes couleurs. Brad se mit à rougir et ça Alex ne le vit pas. Brad prit la main d'Alex et la posa sur sa joue : - Tu peux me voir comme ça. - J'aimerais te voir plus. Brad posa son front contre celui d'Alex : - Et là tu me sens plus. Alex sourit. - Oui. Brad se laissa aller et posa sa bouche contre celle d'Alex. - Et là ? Alex sourit encore plus : - Oui je te sens très bien. Et cette fois-ci c'est lui qui s'approcha pour poser ses lèvres sur celles de Brad. Peut-être qu'Alex ne le verrait jamais, mais il avait la chance de l'embrasser, et ça aucune fée n'aurait pu faire mieux comme cadeau. Fin. L'autatrice : écrite pour une soirée drabble (comme pratiquement toutes mes brad x alex, d'ailleurs).[Chapter 9] Prompt : Plus de rencontres à l'aveugle. Baisers ratés. Ça faisait quelques semaines que Brad et Alex sortaient ensemble. Ils étaient vachement maladroits ensemble, enfin ils l'avaient été au début. Complètement stupides. Alex embrassait toujours – souvent – à côté, il se sentait parfois complètement gauche, balourd, et ridicule. Mais Brad ça l'amusait et il prenait le visage d'Alex pour le guider. Ils étaient souvent biens quand même, trouvaient toujours une excuse pour passer un peu plus de temps ensemble. Courraient, ou ne courraient pas et s'embrassaient. Les mains d'Alex étaient les plus baladeuses. Il voulait savoir à quoi ressemblait Brad, la courbe de son corps, et oui il était curieux de la beauté de ses fesses – et Julie n'avait pas menti. Brad se montrait plus réservé, mais de temps à autre, il égarait lui aussi ses mains. Sous le tee-shirt d'Alex, touchait sa peau qui était douce et lisse sous ses doigts. Leurs rendez-vous étaient toujours comme une nouvelle rencontre, ils se découvraient à nouveau tout en se connaissant déjà. Alex ratait la bouche de Brad, tant pis, il s'amusait : - J'aime aussi bien ton cou. Sa bouche s'attardait. Brad devait prendre sur lui pour ne pas pousser de soupir gênant. Plus les jours ensemble passaient et plus leurs corps réclamaient plus. Leur amour leur donnait des désirs que quelques caresses et baisers réveillaient toujours un peu plus, tout en n'étant pas assez. Ils finirent par se retrouver une nuit. Le père et le frère de Brad étaient absents. Il y avait quelque chose de bizarre à emmener Alex chez lui sachant qu'il allait sûrement se passer un truc, un truc qu'ils désiraient tous les deux. Alex tourna ça à la dérision, avec humour, pour oublier qu'il tremblait. - Plus de rencontre à l'aveugle alors, celle là on l'avait bien prévu. - Très drôle, fit Brad amusé et agacé en même temps. - Elle était facile, dit Alex. Brad lui proposa à boire. Alex accepta à boire. Brad lui proposa à manger. Alex grignota un truc. Brad lui demanda s'il voulait voir un truc à la télé puis bafouilla, Alex lui demanda s'il pouvait lui montrer sa chambre plutôt, et Brad bafouilla encore plus mais l'y conduisit. Alex en fit le tour, touchant les meubles avec ses doigts pour découvrir ce lieu inconnu. Se cogna contre le lit et baissa ses mains pour les perdre sur la couverture. Brad vint les prendre entre les siennes, l'attira contre lui, Alex embrassa sa bouche et ses lèvres atterrirent plutôt sur le menton de Brad. Brad baissa la tête pour rectifier le tir, comme s'il n'y avait pas eu d'erreur. Alex se montra plus impatient. C'est lui qui passa ses mains sous le tee-shirt de Brad pour qu'il le retire. Brad voulu faire de même mais Alex l'arrêta. - Attend. Réclama-t-il. Il voulait savoir à quoi ressemblait Brad, connaître sa peau, comme s'il la voyait. Il sentait Brad frissonner et pencha la tête sur le côté : - Tu trembles ? Brad fut incapable d'expliquer à Alex qu'il était entrain de le rendre fou à le toucher aussi précisément. Ils s'embrassèrent à nouveau, Alex accepta de retirer son tee-shirt, frissonna à son tour sous les caresses de Brad. Ils s'allongèrent sur le lit et Brad dût laisser Alex le toucher encore et encore, partout, le laissant découvrir son corps à travers ses doigts. Le guidant quand Alex semblait s'être perdu au détour d'une hanche, au creux d'un genou, au passage d'une courbe. C'était grisant et totalement fou aussi. Et c'était comme si Alex savait immédiatement tous les endroits où les caresses le rendaient dingues. C'était instinctif chez lui, il entendait sa respiration devenir plus sifflante, plus courte, il sentait les frissons de sa peau, les mouvements de son corps. Brad avait l'impression qu'il lisait dans sa tête et ça ne le dérangeait pas du tout. Un jour un sale con avec demandé à Brad « ça faisait quoi de baiser un aveugle ? ». Brad s'était vraiment retenu de toutes ses forces de ne pas le cogner, avait pensé à l'équipe de cross et à Alex. Maintenant il pourrait lui répondre. C'était un truc de malade. Vachement moins maladroit qu'il l'aurait cru, encore mieux que toutes les fois où il l'avait imaginé. « Tu devrais essayer, tu serais surpris, pauvre type ». Voilà ce qu'il dirait. C'était aussi parce que c'était Alex, évidemment et qu'Alex le rendait dingue de bien d'autres façons. Ils firent l'amour, ça prit du temps parce qu'ils prirent leur temps, parce qu'Alex avait besoin de temps, parce que c'était tout aussi bon comme ça (ou bien meilleur). Puis Alex embrassa Brad sur la bouche et la rata, touchant son front. Cela les fit rire. Brad rendit son baiser à Alex. - Moi je pense que c'était bien une rencontre à l'aveugle quand même, murmura Brad au bout d'un moment. Alex sourit et acquiesça. Après tout c'était leur première fois, ils ne savaient pas comment ça allait tourner. Ça avait bien tourné. Alex se blottit dans les bras de Brad et ils s'endormirent. Il y aurait d'autres fois. Fin. L'autatrice : quelque chose d'un peu plus intime pour une fois.[Chapter 10] Mots : Camping-car, Apnée, Robot En apnée. Quand Alex était petit et qu'il faisait un gros caprice parce que sa mère ne voulait pas le laisser faire quelque chose (parce qu'il était foutrement aveugle et que ça faisait vraiment chier) il avait tendance à prendre sa respiration et à rester en apnée jusqu'à ce que son père intervienne et trouve un compromis. Il avait fait ça pour avoir le droit d'aller courir avec son père et il avait obtenu gagne cause. Mais Alex n'était plus un enfant, c'était un adolescent et il ne pouvait décemment pas prendre sa respiration parce que ses parents voulaient partir en vacances en camping-car. Dans un sens, Alex aimait les vacances, mais en ce moment il était un peu obsédé par le fait de courir. Plutôt obsédé par le fait de courir avec Brad. Il voulait rester à la maison, prendre soin de lui-même tout seul et continuer de « voir » son ami. Mais sa mère refusait de le laisser tout seul. - Et si tu ne t'en sortais pas ? Et si tu avais besoin d'aide. Alex attrapa la balle au bond : - Brad pourrait venir à la maison et m'aider. Sans le voir, il sentit que son père regardait sa mère l'air de dire « il a de bons arguments ». - Et si ça ne suffit pas, Julie pourra venir aussi. Même s'il ne voulait pas que Julie vienne. Pour une fois. Alex noua ses mains en forme de prière : - S'il vous plaît, je suis grand maintenant, je peux passer mes vacances, seul. Et je vous appellerai tous les jours pour vous rassurer. Après moult insistance, la mère accepta de le laisser, mais les vacances des parents se réduire à un week-end. Elle ne pouvait pas partir plus longtemps en laissant son fils seul (même si Brad serait là pour l'aider). Pas possible. Alex fut tout de même heureux d'avoir la maison pour lui, un week-end. Un week-end où il pourrait être avec Brad. Brad. Qui le rendait un peu fou. Brad. Qui le transformait en « robot » quand il lui parlait trop près. Brad. Avec qui il avait parfois du mal à respirer, une autre forme d'apnée. Brad. Qu'Alex avait tellement envie d'embrasser, sans jamais oser le faire. Alex allait profiter d'être avec lui pour enfin lui avouer ses sentiments. Et il espérait que ça allait marcher, pendant ce week-end… Fin. L'autatrice : fic écrite dans une petite soirée où cachecoeur nous proposait des mots. ","Summary":" Titre : Florilège. Autatrice : lasurvolte (de pseudo) ou mari (mais vous pouvez m'appelez aussi Ple"}]