[{"Movie":"Gabriel","Title":"The Loft","Author":"Crystallia Silver","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5808221","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I was inspired for this fanfic by the scene (and the musical theme that accompanies it) in which Gabriel explores the loft, the place where he rests during the movie. The following text also includes fictional flashback inserts and mentions of platonic love. The Loft Purgatory. It was a frigid region, a lot darker than a winter night and bare of waves of joy and harmony lapping the drained grounds. And these features, were all in intensified degree because of the Fallen whose unholy works stained the whole area. The newcomer of the Light couldn't define their exact methods or strategic procedures yet, but he was determined to find out soon... The presence of few, distinctively innocent souls -most possibly of children- was the only suspicion of shine gleaming secretly, like fireflies between thick leaves. The realisation was both comforting and painful to the Archangel, the feelings interchanging, depending on which perspective he focused. Either way, these were among the people he had to look after and shield from the Fallen. While exploring the desolate, bleak streets for the first time, Gabriel suddenly stopped next to the entrance of an old building located in a long alley. He observed the apparently heavy, metallic door for a minute and eventually -incited by a vague, inexplicable instinct- he headed nearby with decisiveness. He mounted the deserted, stone stairs guided by an inner sense whispering to him that something really familiar lied there; A signal of something known, of a presence that once passed from that point and whose essence existed in his heart. The notion brought him a short-term relief, a natural reaction considering he was experiencing an uncharted world by himself and he still hadn't attained complete awareness and control over his new form; Gabriel knew this was his weak point, a deficiency he had to correct as fast as he could, but even so, he wouldn't let any of his foes take him down easily, not without a tough fight... The angel arrived at the corridor of the highest level and noted the single door at the further end of the hall. At first glance, he couldn't be certain if it was locked or not, but for some reason he hoped that it was wasn't. He traversed the short distance and pressed his palm against the closed entrance. The door yielded smoothly under his touch and the visitor's gaze hurriedly scanned the place with clear interest and eagerness. This loft was the only environment Gabriel had seen so far that somehow reminded him of light. Although the room was wrapped in shadows, it didn't take him long to discern the traces, to understand. His senses had detected them; An aura that continued to remain there as a meaningful vestige, as well as a vague scent of pleasantly fresh air like in the mountains, despite the fact that the connected surroundings consisted of old, worn furniture, discoloured walls, a dusty floor and a large, moist window. Gabriel didn't really care how the items looked like. What mattered was this particular knowledge he perceived from the first moment he stepped inside... \" I know you were here.\" The Archangel walked towards the interior in slow pace. He wished he could meet him that instant, to see him, hear his voice. But Michael couldn't be found there. Gabriel had to search for him and the rest of the Order as well, to learn what happened during their respective missions. When he turned his head sidewards, he noticed a pile of old papers and a piece of charcoal lying on a small table. He approached for a better examination of the sketches that were shown on a few pages... Although he had never seen Michael drawing, he totally believed that they were done by his own hand. The angel's eyes brightened in sheer curiosity and excitation at the sight of those pictures... He was hoping to find a hidden message, a secret or a warning, anything... The first he saw, at the top of the disordered pile, pictured basic lines forming the portrait of a frightful face. Gabriel supposed that it was Sammael's, the dangerous Fallen who had to be defeated at any cost. Did Michael succeed in his mission yet? Or was he still in the middle of his fighting? Why would he intend to draw Sammael? Perhaps he wanted to tear the nightmare out of himself. The thought emerged so suddenly and in such rawness on the angel's mind that it startled him. He gathered the rest of the papers in his hands and sat at the edge of the neat bed to view them. The images that followed made Gabriel's heart beat harder and the rhythm of his breathing to become shallow for a while. In contrast to the displeasing, unknown portrait, there was another work that depicted a beautiful pair of wings with successful detail, displaying great mastery. And underneath the image, the very name of the current viewer was written in calligraphic letters... \" Michael.\" \" Exactly.\" \" I don't understand you.\" \" Think, Gabriel... What does my name mean? This will help you realise what you should do... Don't concentrate your gaze and effort in me. Remember who is important above and below us. Do not lose your wings because of the intensity of your emotion.\" \" I don't forget who is important. Never. But together with Father and humanity, I see you as well. You are significant to me. Why do you believe that the love I have for you could ever lead to the loss of my nature? Am I doing something wrong?\" The design on the paper had stirred words from the past, back in Home. It was actually a part of a conversation he had with Michael, as a result of a personal confession Gabriel had made to him. An expression of truth which, at least for the moment and under the given circumstances, he preferred to keep it locked in the depth of his conscience. Still, a mere stimulus was enough to rouse a vivid recollection and he also remembered that Michael was composed, his voice calm while trying to comprehend and guide him during their discussion. The next picture showed the basic outline of an angel in profile, holding a couple of flowers which appeared to be lilies. \" I could never ask you to become or behave like me; This would be meaningless. Besides, how could I make such request since I see so much in you, traits that I admire... And your downrightness enriches the good aspects of your character. Gabriel, I don't demand you to stop loving me. But I want you to view and experience this love in its proper shape.\" \" Your heart is always so full, Michael.\" \" So is yours.\" \" It's different. There is this void that I still need to figure out how to handle it, because I know, It's not something that can be simply overlooked or forgotten.\" The following image portrayed an angel again, dressed in a long, flowing garment and holding a sceptre. Rain drops filled the background. After he observed the picture for a few moments, he noticed specific characteristics in the depiction of the emblematic staff, allowing no doubt that it was the one that Gabriel possessed. All the other papers were blank and the Archangel looked again at the last three drawings... He concluded that Michael must had been thinking of him for some reason. \" I will pass away if I lose you... In any way this can happen.\" \" Look at the whole, not only a part of it. This is what counts and also what will keep you within your true path. Don't lose yourself, Gabriel.\" Every phrase was clear to the angel as though it hadn't passed much time since Michael's departure to cleanse Purgatory from the rule of demons. The words of the chief Archangel sounded wise and prudent, tranquil towards Gabriel's passion and also towards the growing flame that could have burned both of them if Michael had not remained collected and free from agitation throughout the conversation. Still, Gabriel didn't want to forbear admiring and finding in him the inspiration he needed to do his best, to be kind and strong. He also discovered that the recent form he took had opened new paths of experiencing his love, almost with the unfathomable intensity of a human, accompanied by the bittersweet sense of an unfinished dream. Gabriel rose to his feet and carefully left the pictures where he found them. The sight of a broken mirror which he hadn't seen earlier pierced his soul like a cold, sharp knife... Merciless certainty quickly descended upon his mind telling him that the damaged object was also connected to the Archangel, as much as the drawings, but perhaps in a more ominous way. He felt his body temperature falling in an instant as he walked there... A folded note was fastened in the fragmented glass. The soldier's heart started to pound against his chest and each beat pained him. Deliberate hands pulled the note and unbent it. Gabriel... The reader paid attention to each word as if there was a whole meaning behind. The letter was short, but the recipient read it several times, whispering the phrases, the warnings. Michael's writing was beautiful, stately and clear... Just like him. If you are reading this, then I have failed. No... It was the first sentence, the one that Gabriel tried and wanted to ignore, to deny it, and also the most frightening. No, he was going to find Michael. He had to be somewhere, out in this realm. The angel folded the letter again and placed it in the pocket of his long coat. He lowered his head in thought and sorrow and it was then when he saw a bag stored in the washbasin below the mirror. He fumbled with doubt, worrying that something disagreeable was hidden. His touch detected cold metal... A pair of silence pistols. Specifically the chief Archangel and him were fully acquainted with the use of a large variety of weapons, both modern and medieval so this led Gabriel to the conclusion that the fellow heavenly soldier left them for him. \" I hope to see you soon. \" Michael had said to him just before he left to confront Sammael and his minions. Now, inside the loft in which the leader of angels had once found his shelter and base, the present champion was whispering the exact same words as he headed to the exit, to meet the darkness... And bring back the light. At all costs. XxX Story notes: Michael's name has Hebrew origin and it means \" Who is like God \", suggesting a rhetorical question. So, in the text, he asks Gabriel to ponder over his name so that the second may direct his attention to whom Michael considers as more essential. ","Summary":" I was inspired for this fanfic by the scene (and the musical theme that accompanies it) in which Ga"},{"Movie":"Gabriel","Title":"Falling","Author":"Sassenach082","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6033802","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Just saw Gabriel on Netflix…these were my thoughts on the final scene and a slight alternate ending. If you haven't seen the end, don't read it. Rated M for suicide. \"Heaven bent to take my hand And lead me through the fire Be the long awaited answer To a long and painful fight Truth be told I've tried my best But somewhere along the way I got caught up in all there was to offer And the cost was so much more than I could bear Though I've tried, I've fallen... I have sunk so low I have messed up Better I should know So don't come round here And tell me I told you so... We all begin with good intent Love was raw and young We believed that we could change ourselves The past could be undone But we carry on our backs the burden Time always reveals The lonely light of morning The wound that would not heal It's the bitter taste of losing everything That I have held so dear…\" -Fallen, Sarah McLachlan Falling By Sassenach082 Falling. It's the last thing an angel feels. Is this what you wanted, Father? Is this what your plan was? This betrayal? This emptiness, this pain? Gone. All of them, just…gone. Raphael. Amitiel. Uriel. Ithuriel. Remiel. My heart pangs painfully. Michael . I look to my dead brother, his body sprawled at my feet, no longer the symbol of hope and light that I had always known. My brother, my beloved general…I briefly touch his face, looking down into his eyes. No longer pale white, but a pure, intense, glowing blue. I close his eyelids and force back a hopeless sob at his sacrifice. My hand finds my chest, the hole in my shirt, and I can still feel the warmth of his touch upon my human skin. I stand at the precipice, my knees hitting the rail. I know behind me is the abyss, the darkness, death. Turning my face up to the sky, I spread my arms wide, emotions surging through me, so intense, so pure, so violent…spurred by the ultimate betrayal of a brother, followed by his ultimate sacrifice. He changed, Father. At the last minute, when it mattered…he changed. Forgive him. My mind is made up. I know what I must do. Distant voices echo in my head, their orders clear…except this time, the only voice I hear is my own. My brothers and sisters lie dead in this city. I am alone, the last of my kind. What is the point, Father? To return to you, to cold indifference, while the bodies of my beloved siblings are left to rot? Glancing behind me, I see the abyss, and the street, far below. I turn my face up to the sky, squinting to keep back the tears. \"Forgive me, Father,\" I whisper. I squeezed my eyes shut, spread my arms, and sucked in a deep lungful of air. And then, I fell. Falling…it's the last thing an angel feels. It's all I feel. The wind roars in my ears, but for once, the voices in my head are silent. The only voice I hear is my own. I am Gabriel, the spirit of truth. I am the last of my kind. I have lost all that I hold dear, all that has ever meant anything to me. I chose to fall of my own free will. Pain erupts in a white-hot flame that consumes my form, and then blessedly, all goes black. This is my punishment. Or so I thought. Something is wrong – my eyelids slowly turn white. My body feels warm, though I am detached from it. Hesitantly, I crack an eyelid, expecting to find myself in hell. Instead, I see something I never thought I'd see again. Bright blue eyes smile down at me from a familiar face sporting chiseled features and shoulder-length golden hair. He reaches down to grasp my hand, and I gape at him, hardly believing my eyes. \"Welcome home, little brother.\" Michael. E/N: If you like it, let me know. I can continue, but for now, this is just a one-shot. ","Summary":" A/N: Just saw Gabriel on Netflix…these were my thoughts on the final scene and a slight alternate e"},{"Movie":"Gabriel","Title":"Gabriel","Author":"Ano-Hitori-Chichi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5119769","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Nothing owned, like always, my words are at the bottom of the page today. He could feel her with him. Staining him with her human, female taint. Gabriel, his beautiful Gabriel. So pure of heart and soul, so dedicated to his cause that not even hell on earth could sway his judgment and resolution. Gabriel would not admit it even to himself, but it was not love. Maybe a longing for contact as humans often did, or the reaction from loosing control and slaughtering so many. He believed it was just a passing flare of rutting. Yes, he could feel the tenderness and savoring of their coupling, he felt it so clearly because it was Gabriel. His beloved, the only one he loved, could love. He felt it so easily through their bond that even as he paced and shook with anger, his hands ran through his long dark hair and pulled chunks free from his scalp. He could sense Gabriel's climax mounting, though the other probably did not even know what he was experiencing beyond just feeling. But he knew, he had tasted sex before with both women and men. But as he dropped over the edge to momentary oblivion, the only name on his lips was 'Gabriel'. The only face was Gabriel's. He spun on his foot sharply, cursing that whore of a fallen arc angel, his white eyes wild and fierce like an animals. Pull out of her Gabe . He whispered in his own mind, pleading silently to the one who could no longer feel him. Pull out. They kissed tenderly. See what you are doing. She gasped and he tensed. Don't do this to me Gabe! The man's back arched, his mouth open in silent pleasure as his eyes clouded, his veil on his heavenly powers rescinding momentarily to give a full blast of everything to the man on the other side of their unconscious bond. GABRIEL! The longhaired man screamed. His hair damp with sweat, the muscles in his neck popping out with the tension, his whole body humming and shaking with fury. Gabriel! His furious cry lasted longer than he thought he could while limited by his human body. His head rose to the sky and still he screamed his rage and betrayal. His eyes flashing alternatively between gold lined with red and the most fluorescent blue. His lungs felt ready to burst, spittle flew from his mouth, when he finally collapsed onto the stone floor beneath him. His stomach heaved but nothing came forth as he curled on his knees, the feeling of hatredlovebetrayalrevenge flew through his being, exhausting him with their intensity. But even while his body had given out, his soul still cried and screamed. Gabriel… Whew, that's done! I really like this movie, the first time I saw it I bawled like a baby, and I'm not afraid to admit it. I bought it of course, and no matter what anyone says, this movie is Boss! Everyime I watch it I still cry...... ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Nothing owned, like always, my words are at the bottom of the page today. He could feel"},{"Movie":"Gabriel","Title":"Le baiser d'un ange","Author":"Arakiell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11479870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Le baiser d'un ange… Pour toi Gabriel… Il y avait quelques temps que je le sentais… Une rencontre devait avoir lieu… Assise sous le grand chêne, mes pensées sont ailleurs. Loin, si loin… Mon époux…je l'ai assassiné une nuit où la colère m'y a poussé. Il vient encore me hanter quelquefois. Plus que mon geste, c'est mon hésitation que je condamne. Pourquoi n'ai-je pas commis mon crime plus tôt ? Devait-il se passer un temps pour la souffrance ? Un temps où ses sarcasmes et son mépris prendrait le temps de me détruire…un temps où ses mots me blesseraient tels des lames de couteau entaillant mes chairs avec une lenteur démoniaque…un temps où la souffrance s'inviterait dans chacune de ses paroles, chacun de ses gestes… Une nuit, la main a accompli son geste. Ma vie a basculé. Je n'ai jamais regretté. Malgré le sang, les cris, l'accusation, j'ai frappé…fort ! Ses yeux se sont figés. Il ne m'en pensait pas capable. Moi, la gentille épouse dont on se moquait devant ses maîtresses, provoquant ma haine et mon dégoût. Il n'aura plus jamais l'occasion de se gausser de moi. Là où je l'ai mené, il devra répondre de ses crimes et payer le prix de sa cruauté. C'en est fini de souffrir. La lame rougie, gît à terre. Je suis à genoux…j'attends mes juges. Mon procès ? Je l'ai vécue comme dans un cauchemar. Les bruits, seuls m'atteignaient. La compréhension m'était étrangère. Je m'étais coupée du monde, parce qu'il fallait bien survivre. Ressentir la honte avant de s'éteindre et continuer le chemin dans la pénitence. N'était-ce pas la moindre des choses ? Alors, ils m'ont emmené, emprisonné, et mis aux fers. Moi, la fille cadette de la famille d'Isendrill, je me suis retrouvée à côtoyer les bandits de grands chemins, les voleurs et les meurtriers. Qu'y avait-il d'étonnant à cela ? N'étais-je pas devenue l'une des leurs ? Les injures ont fleuries, les moqueries furent mon quotidien, et à la fin, l'on m'a exposé à la vindicte populaire. Il fallait boire le calice jusqu'à la lie et je l'ai bu, conservant en moi ce goût de fiel. Tomber en disgrâce ne fut rien en comparaison de ce que l'on me dit ce jour-là. Mais, encore une fois, j'acceptais tout, dans le silence de ma repentance. Puis…ils sont venus vers moi. Ils m'ont tendu la main. Sans aucune condition, leurs cœurs se sont ouverts, déversant en moi un amour inconditionnel. J'en reçu plus en cet instant, qu'en toute une vie. Chacun, à leur façon, a prononcé une belle parole, de celles dont l'on ne doute jamais. Belle et apaisante. Chacun, selon ses capacités, m'a tendu une main secourable, de celle qui ne se referme jamais forte et déterminée à ne pas vous lâcher. J'ai été accueillie et suis entrée dans leur cercle. Cette figure symbolique qui aspire continuellement à retrouver le commencement pour ne jamais en vivre la fin… Ils furent là pour moi et je devins présente pour eux. Je me suis attaché à chacun d'eux, à chacun de ces caractères, fantasques, simples, complexes et surtout sincères. Jusqu'à ce lutin, drôle, empêtré dans ses petites manigances mais au cœur aussi grand qu'un océan. Une à une, les vagues d'amour, dont ils m'ont fait don, ont fini par briser la digue retenant mes sentiments et le flot s'est déversé en moi. A nouveau, j'ai su ce qu'aimer signifiait. Ce n'est qu'un mot, mais il est si difficile à exprimer, à conjuguer, à dispenser. Comment s'y prend-t-on pour le faire ? Est-ce inné ? Cà ne l'a jamais été pour moi, mais avec eux, j'ai rapidement appris. Ils m'ont ouvert les yeux, me faisant apprécier ce qu'ils s'acharnaient à me montrer… Certains sentiments, autres que la haine, pouvaient à nouveau s'épanouir à l'ombre de mes remords et de mes regrets. Un après-midi, à l'ombre de ce grand chêne, ma vie a basculé. Pour la première fois de mon existence, j'ai fait une rencontre. La rencontre. L'une de celles modifiant à jamais une existence. Je l'ai compris dès l'instant où je l'ai aperçu. Ses longs cheveux blonds encadraient un visage pur et serein. Je crois n'avoir jamais remarqué à quel point un homme pouvait être aussi doux et fort à la fois. J'ai vu ses yeux, les miens s'y sont noyés. Il m'a envahit de son amour. Je n'ai rien tenté pour l'en dissuader. Cela devait être fait. Chaste, il n'en a été que plus flamboyant. Un être empli d'amour… Celui que je ne pourrais jamais vivre, mais qui déjà me possède, au-delà de l'impensable. Un sentiment peut-il naître, s'épanouir et ne jamais mourir ? Je sais qu'il ne faillira pas. C'est une possession, la plus belle d'entre toutes. J'ai su, ce jour-là, qu'il serait toujours présent pour moi. Jamais sa main ne lâcherai la mienne, jamais ses paroles ne prendraient un goût de fiel, jamais sa main ne s'abattrait sur moi, jamais le doute ne me ferait le moindre mal. Il serait là. Tout simplement là, et cette volonté de bien faire s'en trouverait récompensée. Alors qu'enfin je m'ouvrais à la vie, il m'a guidé sur le chemin, celui qu'il me fallait emprunter. Un bel après-midi d'été, il tenait entre ses mains longues et fines, un petit livre dont le titre m'était inconnu, « Le Hobbit ».Une belle histoire que l'on ne m'avait jamais conté, et pour cause, elle n'existait pas dans mon monde. Lui seul le savait. Son insistance était surprenante… Son insistance fut touchante… J'ai pris le livre et l'ai commencé au moment même où il m'y encouragea, puis il disparut et s'en fut s'acquitter de ses nombreuses tâches sans cesse alourdit du poids des péchés. Le soir, dans ma chambre, à la lueur des bougies, mes yeux s'accrochaient à tous ces mots et sans difficulté, ils entraient en moi, bousculant mon être. Petit à petit, mes sentiments renaissaient les uns après les autres… La joie, la tristesse, la surprise, l'admiration… Jusqu'à cette page où un nom s'inscrit en moi en lettre de feu. Un assemblage de lettre comme pour beaucoup de noms, mais celui-ci… Je le prononçais à voix haute pour la première fois dans l'intimité de ma chambre et il me sembla qu'alors il ne devait plus jamais quitter mes lèvres. Je ne me forçais pas à le répéter, il revenait sans cesse emprisonné dans un filet de voix dont je surveillais l'intensité afin de ne point me trahir. Ce nom se logea dans un coin de mon cœur où le plus bel accueil lui fut réservé. Il apprit à se faire discret certains jours, alors que d'autres, il éveillait mon esprit, au point que le prononcer à voix haute, devenait impérieux, alors que j'accomplissais mes tâches. Je ne compris pas…du moins pas tout de suite, mais l'être qui m'avait offert ce livre me confia qu'un tel fait ne lui était guère surprenant. Il me disait toujours : « La vérité se fera jour…bientôt . » Je commençais à prendre peur. Pour moi, cela devenait une obsession. Pourquoi ce nom ma hantait-il de la sorte ? Un roi elfe, personnage de roman irréel, si loin de mes préoccupations… Une nuit, alors que le sommeil me fuyait, je me suis habillée, et je suis allée m'assoir sous le grand chêne. Il faisait bon, les grillons chantaient leurs sérénades, les crapauds aussi. Ils ne voulaient pas perdre une seule occasion de danser à deux leurs ballets nuptiaux. L'air doux de cette soirée d'été, m'incita à me plonger dans mes rêveries. Soudain, je remarquai le silence. Un silence anormal s'était installé. Pesant, lourd, étrange et terriblement inquiétant. J'ai souhaité me lever…mes jambes ne m'obéissait plus. J'ai cru mourir de peur, puis, étrangement, elle a fuit mon esprit et mon corps s'est détendu. La première chose que j'ai sentie, fut cette troublante odeur. Un lourd parfum de fleur, de miel et d'encens… Surprise, j'ai levé mon visage, et je l'ai vu. J'ai su qui il était dès l'instant où mon regard s'est posé sur lui. Cette personne venait me rendre visite très souvent. Il m'avait offert un livre, mais cette nuit là, il était différent, et il m'offrit bien plus. Son apparence avait changé. Ce n'était plus un charmant jeune homme, empli de sollicitude et de bonté. Il était la grâce personnifiée. Sa beauté me faisait mal. Ses mains semblaient tenir le monde entre elles, son cœur paraissait si vaste que j'ai pensé m'y noyer, mais il m'en a empêché, me tenant la main afin que je sois au plus près de lui. Sans un mot, ses bras m'ont encerclé. Sans un mot, ses ailes, évanescente, se sont matérialisées. Sans un mot son front à effleurer le mien. Sans un mot, ses lèvres se sont posées sur mes cheveux. Je n'ai plus bougé. J'ai perdu la notion du temps. Moi qui me sentais vide, je me suis empli de son amour. Un amour si grandiose que mes forces ont failli. J'ai vacillé, il m'a retenu. Sa force était incroyable. Mes paupières se sont baissées et je me suis senti soulevée du sol. Mes pieds nus ne touchaient plus terre. Entre ses bras, je naquis, pour la seconde fois. Les larmes enfouies au plus profond de moi-même, coulèrent sans la moindre retenue, inondant mon corsage. Je n'en avais cure. Mes préoccupations semblaient ailleurs. Au-delà de toutes bienséances, je vivais un acte d'amour. Respectueux. Sa Foi, m'insuffla une force incommensurable… Il me posa enfin à terre. Son sourire… Je ne l'oublierai jamais… Mes yeux ne pouvaient quitter les siens. Il le savait et continuait à soutenir ce regard offert. Nos doigts se sont liés et dans un souffle divin, ses paroles se sont frayées un chemin jusqu'à mon cœur. Les portes se sont ouvertes et les ont accueillies de façon triomphale. Elles n'ont jamais été délogées depuis. Je les porte en moi, comme ma Foi. Elles y demeurent à jamais et à chacun de ses battements, je ressens leurs bienfaits. C'est un cadeau… C'est mon cadeau. Cette nuit-là, il m'a simplement dit : Gabriel : J'ai fais coulé le poison. J'ai ensemencé ton cœur. Il vit. Il battra pour un autre, bientôt, et ce jour-là, les Cieux s'ouvriront pour vous deux. Nous nous aimerons toujours Olana. Nous sommes liés. Mon petit séraphin… Tu viendras à moi et tu marcheras dans la lumière. J'ai fermé les yeux… Lorsque mes paupières se sont enfin soulevées, il n'était plus là, mais il avait semé en moi une graine. Il me fallait en prendre soin. De ce moment-là, ma détermination, comme une étrange obsession se développa dans mon esprit. Je savais ma vie ailleurs…et ce n'était pas ici. Je me souviendrai toute ma vie, du moment où je pris ma décision. Dès lors, je sus que je ne reviendrai plus jamais en arrière. Je pris enfin mon destin en main. Il m'attendait. Je voulais le rejoindre. Il n'aurait plus à se morfondre dans son palais… Je viendrai…pour lui. Je braverai les difficultés…pour lui. Je quitterai ce monde-ci…pour lui. Car il m'attendait… Je viens vers toi…mon amour, mon roi, mon âme…. Thranduil . ","Summary":" Le baiser d'un ange… Pour toi Gabriel… Il y avait quelques temps que je le sentais… Une rencontre d"},{"Movie":"Gabriel","Title":"A Torn Angel's Love","Author":"AidennsGirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6882727","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Torn Angel's Love. By: Violet Rai Chapter1: Life starts T his is my story of how I am a Torn Angel. I begin to wonder if I was made to play this part in life. My name is Ice Frate and I am the torn angel of every nightmare. For starters this is my Diary and it passed on from generation to generation so most things are violent. I have blue electric blue eyes, pink plump lips, an hour glass framed body with hips of a goddess, I have long collarbone length black hair with a bold tone of blue, and I have wings the size of me of course I'm 5'4'' my wings are fluffy white with specks and strips of gold. Of course the description is so you readers can image what I look like this isn't a plot or anything like that. I am turning 17 today which means I will have to marry soon. I have thought many times that I might run away because the suitor my parents have picked for me is very ugly and conceited about himself. I have never seen anyone so in love with themselves. why doesn't he marry his self instead of me, he probably would if it was possible. Oh and if your wondering what a torn angel is, it's a angel that is treated as if royalty but we aren't I don't get treated like that I am a Dark torn angel I am meant to be dark, loving, and Demonic. I play my part well but after all of it is over I plan to fall to Earth with my twin Brother Gatlin by my side he is the only family I have so I won't waist my time with those other angels. Gavin and I went to the dark side of the town jumping through the portal after getting a warning that our wings will only come once the full moon strikes and the werewolves howl. I landed with Gavin by my side both of us landing on the balls of our hands and feet. I rose up the same time he did we ran throughout the dead meadows and willowed trees. The scenery of this place is very wicked we ran into a whole coven of hardcore, wild looking Nomad demons, sirens, arcs, even a few vampires. I gasped only one stood out \" What is your name, Good sir?\" I asked while looking at \" My name is Mercy, Ma'am.\" he replied shaken \" You have no need to be afraid of me, Mercy; I am Ice Frate of the Light City of Heaven, I came to Earth because I was meant to be a Dark Torn Angel. I came to find my mate to overcome peace and live on Earth among other arcs because I am neither Dark or Light.\" I stated he smiled \" Amazing choice Ice and who is the young man by your side if not your mate?\" he asked \" My twin Brother, Gavin Moore.\" I replied as he stepped forward shaking Mercy's hand then backing away to where he had stood before. Gavin and Mercy had one thing in common and that was their waist length wavy Silver hair. Gavin has blue eyes like me and pink lips like me, he has the lean but muscular body of our Father but the red wings of our mother. Mercy has green eyes, small lined thin lips, an ivory skin tone, a lanky but boyish body with slimly built muscles, and a black pair of wings with a bold tone of bronze specked in designs along his feathers. I sighed frustrated at the thought of how long I might be down here searching for my mate after years of waiting if I find him I hope to be part of this world and not go back to that retched life. \" Thank you for your time Mercy.\" I said I walked off with Gavin on my tail \" Stay here you will be safe, I trust him, he has no negative waves please for me protect yourself and stay here.\" I said hugging Gavin \" Okay sister.\" he said speaking for the first time since we arrived in this rotted out place. I heard a rustle in the near by clearing I ran to the clearing I found a Dark torn angel waiting he is amazingly beautiful he bent over picking a black rose he is wearing a opened black button down with black jeans with a spiked belt throughout the loops. He has waist length waved honey blonde hair, pink plump lips his bottom lip bigger than his top lip, his Caspian sea blue eyes outlined with black, his skin tone sits as a faded alabaster shade, his body muscularly built but average, his perfectly squared jaw line, and his black wings shaded with grey. I picked up my dress walking toward him. I stopped merely 3 inches in front of him I got on my knees my dress spread out around my legs and feet like a black river I picked a white rose with red designs \" You know these signal death if you give them to somebody, later they die.\" I said softly he crouched down in front of me \" Well if you think of it as a death message then so it shall be one.\" he stated holding my face in his hands making me face the sight of those Caspian eyes. I turned \" I think I can wait a while before I do that, we just met.\" I stated shyly as I blushed \" I wasn't trying to kiss you, your eyes are bleeding.\" he replied \" I'm crying.\" I said looking into his eyes \" Why cry when best to rejoice, love?\" he asked as he gently began stroking my cheek with the back of his hand. I sighed he lay his head in my lap as he lay down looking at the clouds as they passed by I stroked my hand through his hair he closed his eyes \" This is the time to spur the moment, love. We will be together forever.\" he said looking up at me \" I know. Sadly, I don't know who you are.\" I said \" Oh, right sorry. I'm Danny York.\" he said \" You mean the Danny York that got thrown from the Dark City of heaven because he was a half breed?\" I asked \" Yup that's me.\" he said \" I'm Ice Frate from the Light City I was born to be in the Dark City but I choose neither.\" I stated proudly. He smiled \" You made the right choice because we found each other and we will find peace on Earth.\" he said sitting up I whistled for my brother he came instantly through the breaking of the forest \" The legend him self.\" Gavin cheerfully shouted \" Gavin Moore, the trickster. What are you doing here?\" Danny asked my brother \" My twin sister is your mate.\" Gavin pointing at me I waved at Danny \" That's your sister?\" Danny asked we both nodded I giggled. \" Wow who would've thought my mate would be my best buddies sister.\" Danny said smiling \" Well your stuck with me now we are family.\" Gavin stated giving Danny a rub on the head as he held him in a choke hold. I am definitely stocking this in my best memories case. ","Summary":" A Torn Angel's Love. By: Violet Rai Chapter1: Life starts T his is my story of how I am a Torn Ange"},{"Movie":"Gabriel","Title":"Redemption","Author":"Kitty9167","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5231182","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Discalimer:nI don't own the movie Gabriel, or its characters. Gabrielnlooked up at Sammael...Michael, through tear filled eyes. \"Howncan he do this?! He killed the others, all those people. Where is thenBrother that I looked up to?\" \"Michaelnit doesn't have to be like this. You can still come back, please.\"nGabriel looked up into Michael's cold white eyes. \"Don't you getnit Gabriel? I don't want to go back. Here I am free, no one tells menwhat to do here.\" \"Younthink you are Brother, but your not. Free will isn't about controlnMichael, its about choices.\" Michael let out a roar of anger andnbrought a pole, that Gabriel hadn't noticed him pick up, down on himnwith bone crushing force. As he flew through the air and hit thenground hard Gabriel felt a sickening crunch and pain shoot throughnhis ribs. Henlet out a cry of pain and a few tears fell down his face. Not justnfor the pain shooting through him physically and mentally, but fornwhat his beloved Brother had become. How could his Brother letnhimself become this monster? WearilynGabriel grabbed the railing of the building and started pullingnhimself up, he could hear the sound of footsteps coming from behindnhim before a foot caught him in the ribs and Gabriel collapsed to thenground with a gasp of pain. Rainnbeat down on him and the sound of thunder crashed overhead. He slowlynlifted his head and turned to slightly to look up at the man he oncencalled Brother. Dark wet shoulder length hair was plastered to thenman's face, he was tall, and dressed all in black. The most strikingnthing about him was his white cold eyes. Henput his hands under him and heaved himself up again and painfullynrolled away to aviod another bone cracking blow. He rose fully to hisnfeet and turned to face Michael. \"Please Michael, stop thisnbefore its too late. I cannot join you, I swore an oath, you swore annoath to serve God, don't turn your back on that.\" Gabriel couldnfeel a tightning in his chest and his breath came in short gasps. \"Don'tnyou get it Gabriel?\" Michael asked calmly. \"Here I am free,nhere I don't have to serve every wish and whim of someone else. I canndo as I wish, I can make others do as I wish.\" He smiled cruellynat Gabriel. \"I though you of all people would be strong enoughnto see it, but your proving to be just as weak as the others.\" \"Younclaim that we are not free in the light because all of us serve God,nall serve one being, but how is this any different Michael. The onlynthing that's changed from the way I've seen things, is everyone isnserving you. That's not freedom or free will! At least in the lightnwe were happy, there was no pain, can you say the same about this 'kingdom' ?\"nGabriel panted from his rant and the pain that shot through his ribsnlike lightning. \"Youndon't know of what you speak! They may serve me, but it is by choice.nIf they don't want to come to my attention that they can just livenlike everyone else. Tell me thats true in the light Gabriel? You saynthat free will is about choice, where is the choice in the lightnGabriel?!\" Michael glared at Gabriel though the pouring rain. Gabriel'snheart sank as he looked into those eyes, he could see almost nothingnleft of his Brother in them, just a heartless, ruthless demon. Henraised his hands up to try and deflect the blow he saw coming, but itndid no good and again he flew a short distance through the air beforenslamming onto the ground. He could feel blood dripping from thencorner of his mouth and his ribs felt like they were throbbingnharshly in time with his heartbeats. Hisnspirit was crushed, and his body was weary of fighting. Again hentried to push himself to his feet, but his arms shook and gave waynunder his weight. \"You were right about one thing Gabriel. Itndoen't have to be this way. You can join me, become that leader I'venseen in you. Free yourself, your breaking my heart Gabriel.\"nThere was a touch of sadness in Michael's voice. ButnGabriel wasn't stupid enough to thin that if Michael saw weakness innhim he would do to him as he had done to the others. His mind raced,nthere had to be a way to bring his Brother back from the darkness. Tonsave him, without killing him. Suddenlynit came to him, he didn't know why he hadn't though tof it, after allnhis existance was based on it, and it was the most powerful thing innthe world. Pure, unconditional love. With a determined groan Gabrielnpushed himself to his feet, finding strength in his faith in God.nEven if the connection was weakened, even if he could sense him, Godnis always there. Gabrielnturned to face Michael and took a step towards him. This seemed tonthrow Michael off, as he hesitated. With determination written on hisnface Gabriel stepped forward again, caught the end of the pole asnMichael swung it to ward him off, and wrapped his arms around hisnBrother's body. Michaelnstiffened in shock at what was happening, They were fighting, thenlast thing he expected was a hug! It was this belief that was hisnundoing. Gabriel hung on as Michael tried to pull away and struggle.nGabriel closed his eyes and focused on his memories of Michael,nbefore he left and Fell. Hentook all those happy memories and poured as much love as he couldninto one focus point and aimed it at Michael. Michael let out a crynof pain as the love entered him. It was foreign, something he hadn'tnfelt in what seemed like an eternity. Thenclouds overhead rumbled and as Michael let out another cry, theynbecame to melt away, leaving room for sunlight to pour in. But thisnwasn't just any sunlight, it was the pure untainted light of heaven.nMichael's eyes, which now filled with tears from the pain andnsensation of love entering his body once again. Allnover the city demons cried out and melted as the light hit them, itndidn't matter whether they were inside or out, whether the buildingnhad windows or not, the light still found and destroyed them. Slowlynthe surge of power slowed, then stopped, and Gabriel opened his eyes.nInstead of the demon lord with the white eyes, and black hair. He wasnholding a tall man with golden blonde hair, white rodes with a goldennbelt tied around his waist,. On the belt was a golden sheath and fromnit came a hilt of a sword. The man pulled back and opened angel blueneyes. Henseemed to consider the younger man before him for a moment beforensmiling. Light brighter than the sunlight streaming down around themnappeared. Then the light slowly to a form that was vaguely humanishnbefore becoming the other Archangels. Raphael, Uriel, Amitiel, andnIthuriel. All of them there and whole. \"Youndid it little Brother. You have saved this world.\" The Michaelnclosed his eyes and bowed his head sorrowfully. \"I am sorry forneverything that I have done. I won't blame you if you don't want menas your leader, or even forgive me.\" Anlook passed between all the angels. Then Uriel stepped forwards andnthrew an arm around Michael's shoulders. \"It is for God to passnjudgement, not us. If he has forgiven you, then I don't see why wenwouldn't.\" Michael raised his head and smiled hopefully, all thenother angels nodded in agreement. \"Now.\" Uriel said as hentilled his head back to the sky. \"Lets go home.\" All thenangels glowed white before disappearing to the Heaven above. PleasenR&R.; Thanx ","Summary":" Discalimer:nI don't own the movie Gabriel, or its characters. Gabrielnlooked up at Sammael...Michae"},{"Movie":"Gabriel","Title":"Judgement Day","Author":"Helena Beaumanoir","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5059408","Passage":"[Chapter 1] JudgementnDay - Gabrielngazed down upon the Earth, his eyes filled with a rare sensation ofnsadness and concern, his pure and gentle heart corrupted by the mostninsufferable pain imaginable. Itnwas not a common feeling that had over taken his awareness, in factnGabriel could not remember a time when he felt so disheartened. Hencould not feel any contentment or warmth radiating from the face ofnthe Earth. Itnseemed that the souls of the mortals had weakened, that they hadnbecome deeply blackened and rapacious, and naturally they had begunnfighting amongst themselves, losing all feeling of affection andnaltruism that they all once felt. It appeared that the mortals werentoo easily deceived and that is what seemed to be the foundation ofnhis lingering sorrow. Gabriel,nhimself, knew that the Earth was tainted and decaying. It was thenfault of mankind that it resulted in such disaster and adversity.nPerhaps it should have been expected, after all it was a proven factnthat all mortals were, and still are highly flawed, and generallynimperfect. Theynwere the reason of their own crisis, and they are probably worthy ofnthe world in which they live, however it was more than just thendecomposing of the Earth that had effected the strength of Gabriel. Itnwas that deplorable evil and malice that now dirtied the hearts ofnvirtually every one of the mortals, whether they were at one time anfollower of the Lord or not. Gabrielnallowed these thoughts to overcome his mind, after all it was not asnthough it were inconspicuous, he was sure that everyone was now awarenof it, perhaps even the mortals themselves. His heart, he knew wasnalready beginning to fracture, his once durable and vigorous heartnwould surely become weak and shattered. But his real concern was asnto how long it would take before it actually happened. Andnwhat would the consequence be? Would he die? Would his heart alsonbefall that dreaded blackness as the humans of Earth now suffer?nWould he be cast from Heaven? Would he be converted into a demon tondo the old gentlemen's bidding? No. That was something that evennGabriel, as strong as he may be, would not be able to endure. Hisngolden eyes began to cloud and his thoughts began to diminish, as henstarted to weep silently, maintaining his gaze upon the azure crustnof the small pearl-sized planet. Surely that could not be his fate. Butnthen again, if such an event were to occur, could he honestly expectnthe Lord to save his defiled soul? The rivulet like flow ofnundesirable tears continued, unbroken, down his beautiful, pristinenface. He sighed, sadly, to himself as the terror and destructionncontinued regretfully many miles below. Therenwas once a time, not so long ago, when the mortal's lived togethernwith compassion and empathy for their fellow man. \"Howncould I not have foreseen such a horrid calamity much sooner?\" Henmumbled, crossly to himself \"I may have been able to end it all,nbut I foolishly disregarded it, now it is too late; the world isnsurely ending.\" Therenwas once a time, not so long ago in fact, where the Earth was anjoyous and cherished place to for the mortals to dwell. It was anplace where obliteration and carnage was only something that could benobserved in the most terrible of dreams. It was something thatnGabriel was confident could not exist in actuality. Yet for somenreason, it did, almost as if it was destined to do so. \"Isnthat truly your philosophy, Gabriel?\" The mellifluous voice of thenarchangel, Michael, entered Gabriel's undeserving ears. It remindednhim somewhat of silk: pure, rare, and untainted as it left his softnred lips to mix in with the fresh air. It was more melodic than thenmost tuneful of harps, the most beautiful of choirs. It was enough tonturn them away in shame. \"It is quite ridiculous of you to think innsuch a manner.\" \"Ridiculous?\"nGabriel replied softly, trying to hide the fact that he had beenncrying \"Is it ridiculous to face the truth, and except what hasnbeen done, even if you are to blame?\" Michaelnchuckled, a soft chuckle, as he slowly approached Gabriel. \"Even ifnthis nonsense you speak of were true, what could you possibly donabout it?\" Gabrielnhad not turned to face him this whole time, he remained sat upon thencotton-like cloud just out side of Saint Peter's Gate, legsndangling over the edge, eyes fixed upon the Earth. \"This nonsense you speak of, that is what you call the day of reckoning, is itnBrother?\" He countered him, coldly. Michaelncame up behind Gabriel, placing an affectionate hand on his shoulder.n\"May I sit with you, Gabriel?\" Hennodded slightly. Michael knew that something was troubling him andnfelt it was his duty to comfort him. He sat himself promptly downnnext to Gabriel, allowing his legs to hang over the edge of the cloudnupon which they sat. He sat there for what felt like an eternity, asnthe unpleasant silence continued to linger. \"Arenyou going to answer me, Brother?\" Gabriel said in a whisper. \"Answer?\"nsaid a puzzled Michael \"Answer what?\" Gabrielnsmirked slightly, it was not a smirk of joy or even cunning, it wasnone that spoke itself; he thought Michael was purposely acting dense.n\"My question: do you actually think the ending of the world isnnonsense?\" \"No,nbut I think this idea you have that Judgment Day is approaching, isnvery nonsensical.\" He said simply. \"Withnall due respect brother, have you seen the condition of the Earthnrecently?\" He said looking up at him for the first time. \"It isndying. All of it: the plants, the animals, the children of God!\"nHis tone completely changed. It had altered from a basic whisper to ansound that displayed a sensation of misery and guilt. Michaelnplaced his pallid hand upon Gabriel's soft cheek; his cerulean eyesnalit with worry. After all, such emotions had never before been seennin the nature of any angel. \"Gabriel,nwhat is it that ails you? Judgment Day is not upon us, that is fromnthe Lord's mouth, not my own.\" Gabriel threw himself intonMichael's arms, as tears began to cascade down his face. He seizednhold of Michaels' robes, roughly, and began weeping into his chest.nMichael, rather alarmed, froze in position. He most likely would havenpreferred it if Gabriel had made a noise as he sobbed, but he didn't,nnot a whimper, not a sound. \"Thenworld is not ending, the Lord does not intend for it to end, whynwould you think such a thing?\" Michael stated, as he wrapped hisnarms around Gabriel's shaky body. He soothingly stroked Gabriel'snlengthy golden curls, unsure of what to do. Gabrielnspoke, his voice unstable and cheerless, \"Brother, it is. I cannfeel it, I can feel the pain, and it has a grip on my heart, crushingnit like a vice. The mortals have been manipulated by temptation andnhave lost their souls in the process. The Earth is deteriorated. Itnis dying!\" Michaelngazed troubled, seeing the seriousness in his fellow angels' eyes. \"Gabriel,njust because there is pain now does not mean it will last. Thenmortals are not ill-fated, they shall be saved, but only if we arenvictorious after the battle.\" Gabrielnlooked up, anxiously, obviously he was completely oblivious, and itnwas not a surprise as hardly anyone knew about it. \"Thenbattle?\" Gabriel acquired, pulling back out of Michael's embrace. Michaelnsighed, \"Yes. It has been predicted that the King of Darkness,nshall again assemble his army and the second battle between Heavennand Hell shall commence.\" \"Whyndo you act so indifferent towards this?\" Gabriel exclaimed, \"Whatnif we fail in winning this battle? What shall become of the Earthnafter that? Of us?\" \"Notnpossible. There are twice as much angels as there are demons, you arenaware of that, we shall fight for Heaven and Earth and we shall reignnvictorious, and the Lord shall send them all to the flames of thenUnderworlds where they belong. There is no reason to doubt for wenshall also have The Saviour.\" Gabrielngazed at him unsurely, he was uninformed to any of these goings onnbefore hand and then it was just thrown at him all at once, it was anlot to consider. But he found it compulsory to ask, but Michael hadnalready read his expression. \"The Saviour is a mere mortal, bornninto a world of misdeed and warfare. He is the person who shall savenHeaven and Earth from total destruction. It is his destiny.\" \"Butnhow could a mortal possibly overcome a demonic army? Honestly,nbrother, is that even achievable?\" Michaelnsighed, ruffling his silvery wings slightly, as Gabriel listenednintently. \"It will not be straightforward, and The Saviour shallnnot be able to complete this task alone. It appears his heart isnstill corrupted by the evils of his fellow Man.\" \"Incould assist him!\" Gabriel called, rising to his feet, unable toncontrol himself. \"I could help this Saviour in bringing about hisndestiny, if only you could persuade the Lord, I am sure he wouldnpermit me to and -\" Michaelnbegan to laugh slightly; he knew that would be the reaction he wouldnreceive. It was rather odd; however, that Gabriel was so eager to beninvolved in battle. \"Honestly Gabriel, do you truly believe thatnyou shall be up for the challenge?\" \"Absolutely,nI -\" \"FornI personally, have my doubts, dear Gabriel. What is to prevent younfrom crawling right back through those gates?\" Michael pointed tonthe golden gates of Saint Peter that lay only a few feet behind him,n\"I am not yet certain if Our Lord will even consider it.\" Thensparkle in Gabriel's eyes began to diminish. His gorgeous face, allnof his alluring feminine features, were veiled as he wallowed in hisnown guilt and self pity. Michaelnonly smiled, as he took hold of Gabriel's delicate hand,ninterlocking their fingers. \"Inshall mention it to the Lord. I shall try and influence him to letnyou guide The Saviour, but only if you can answer me this: Gabriel,nwhen the time comes will you be prepared to fight for Heaven?\" - ","Summary":" JudgementnDay - Gabrielngazed down upon the Earth, his eyes filled with a rare sensation ofnsadness"},{"Movie":"Gabriel","Title":"Gabriel","Author":"vahanian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5204420","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:nNone of the characters belong to me. I am making no profit from this. A.N.nThis is set before the events in Gabriel. Michaelnglanced up as he heard pounding feet rushing towards him. Ithurielnstopped in front of him and gasped, \" Gabrielnis missing.\" \" What?\"ncried Michael jumping to his feet, \"When, how?\" \" Henleft about an hour ago, he said that he might have some informationnabout where the Fallen are.\" Said Ithuriel jogging slightly to keepnup with Michael's enormous strides. He stopped abruptly as theyncame to Gabriel's door. Michael pushed it open and stepped inside.nEverything was flung out of place. \" Itnlooks as if he left in a great hurry.\" said Ithuriel. \" Summonnthe others,\" said Michael, \"quickly.\" Ithurielnraced out of the room. \" OhnGabriel. Why did you not come to me. I would have gone with you.\"nsaid Michael aloud to himself. As Gabriel was the youngest he oftennfelt compelled to protect him more than the others. Fornthe second time in as many minutes he heard feet rushing towards him.nIthuriel was followed into the room by Raphael, Uriel, Remiel andnAmitiel. They all glanced around the room in shock as they took innthe state of it. \" Gabrielnis missing and I can't feel his presence. The safest bet is thatnfor some reason he is down on earth.\" said Michael. \" Donnot worry,\" said Raphael, \"Gabriel might be reckless and stubbornnbut he is the second greatest warrior bar you Michael. You trainednhim well.\" \" Inknow. I'm going to look for him. Now who's with me?\" Gabrielnwoke with a start. He had that dream again. Everything was white andneveryone was walking around with wings protruding from under theirnclothes. Putting it down to drinking a beer before bed, he swung hisnlegs over the side of his bed and walked towards the bathroom,nglancing at the clock on the wall as he did so. It was only eight, henstill had an hour before work, but he always liked to make sure thatnhe got there early. The last time he had turned up late, his boss hadnbeaten him up so bad that he couldn't work for a week. Afterngetting changed into jeans, a black t-shirt and his long black coatnhe headed towards the door. \" Ahh,nthere's my favourite boy.\" said a leering voice as he pushed opennthe door and stepped into the dimly lit hallway. \" Goodnmorning Asmodeus.\" said Gabriel. He stepped up to the desk andnwaited patiently as the couple before him were served. Gabriel didn'tnremember anything of his life before. All he remembered was waking upnon the streets cold and hungry. He had been on the streets for littlenover a week, when Asmodeus had found him and asked if he wanted anjob. That had been about two months ago. Henglanced up and realised that Sasha, the girl behind the desk, wasntrying to get his attention. He walked forward and she held out ankey. \" Your in room seven today,nlove.\" she said pleasantly. Hentook the key and walked up the stairs, with his boss shouting afternhim, \"Did you take your pill today?\" Gabriel waved his hand innacknowledgement and carried on walking. Ever since Asmodeus had foundnhim, he had insisted on Gabriel taking pills four times a day. Hensaid it was to keep him strong after his ordeal on the streets, butnhe had forgotten to take it that morning. Not wanting to tell hisnboss that, and perhaps get another beating he decided to take it whennhe got to his room. Michaelnstood silently, his eyes closed. \" Inthink I can sense him.\" he said opening his eyes and looking atnRaphael, \"It is very faint, like it is being blocked, but it isndefinitely there.\" he finished with a grin. They followed thensignal, until they were in front of an old building. They walked upnthe steps and pushed open the door. Michael cast his eyes around thenhallway. His frown deepened as he wandered what Gabriel was doing inna place like this. They walked to the desk and Michael said, \"Wenwould like to see Gabriel please.\" Thengirl behind the desk gave them a knowing smirk and said \"Roomnseven, first door on your left.\" \" Thanknyou\" said Raphael as they made their way up the stairs. They pausednoutside the room and knocked on the door. \" Comenin.\" said a voice. Gabrielnglanced up nervously as he saw two big figures enter his room. Onenhad shoulder length black hair. His beauty mad Gabriel want to crynand hide his face in shame. The other one was just as beautiful andnhis hair was cut close to his head. They smiled pleasantly at him andnGabriel looked at them in confusion, they were acting like they knewnhim. \" Gabriel,nwere have you been?\" said the black haired man rushing towards him. \" Gabrielngave a surprised yelp and in his haste to get away he topplednbackwards over the bed. Thentwo men looked at him in confusion, worry lines creasing theirnforeheads. \" Gabrielnare you alright?\" asked the man with close cropped hair. \" YesnI'm fine, he just scared me that's all.\" said Gabriel pointingntowards the black haired man. \" Donyou not recognise us?\" he asked. Gabrielnshrugged his shoulder halfway and looked apologetic. \" Inam Michael and this is Raphael.\" said Michael. Gabrielnburst out laughing. He knew not to laugh at paying customers but hencouldn't help it. \" That'snvery clever, your Michael and Raphael, and I'm Gabriel.\" he saidnbetween laughs. Theynlooked at him in confusion. \" Michael,nRaphael and Gabriel. The Archangels.\" he explained. Theirnexpressions brighten and he realised that's that who they thoughtnthey were. \" O.K,nI think you should leave now.\" said Gabriel pointing towards thendoor. \" I have to start work soon, and I don't think Asmodeusnwould like me wasting my time on you two. Theirnfaces went from happy, to surprised then to shocked in the space of anfew seconds. \" Asmodeusnis here?\" bellowed Michael angrily. Gabrielnjumped in fright but managed to hold his ground. \" Yesnthis is his place, where else would he be?\" asked Gabriel innconfusion. \" Younwork for him?\" asked Raphael in shock. \" Yesnfor about two months.\" replied Gabriel not sure where this wasngoing. \" Whatnhas he done to you?\" asked Michael grabbing hold of his arm. \" Nothing,nI suggest you leave.\" Gabriel answered. \" Younheard the man. I think you should leave.\" said a voice behind them. Michaelnspun towards the voice and he glared angrily, \"What have you donento him?\" he asked pointing at Gabriel. \" Inhaven't done anything to him,\" said Asmodeus in a hurt tone, \"nAll I did was offer him a job.\" he replied grinning. \" What,nas a whore.\" shouted Michael. Gabrielnflinched as if he had been struck, the word sounded dirty coming fromnMichael's mouth. \" How did you make himnforget who he is?\" asked Raphael putting a restraining hand onnMichael's arm. \" It'sna drug that Ahriman has been making, and all we needed was annArchangel to try it on. I'm glad it was Gabriel.\" he finishednwith a leer glancing Gabriel up and down. \" Younwill not touch him again.\" said Michael placing himself in front ofnGabriel. \" Wenare taking him back with us and we are going to kill you.\" saidnRaphael moving to stand next to Michael. \" Youndon't think I'd let him go without a fight did you?\" saidnAsmodeus as the door was pushed open to reveal two more of thenFallen, Balan and Molloch. Michaelnwas angry and ready for a fight when he saw the three fallen in frontnof him, but he knew that Gabriel wouldn't be able to fight, sonwhile Raphael distracted them, Michael pushed Gabriel out of thenwindow. Gabrielnshouted out in alarm as he saw Michael turn around and gave him anviolent push out of the window. His mind didn't even have time tonprocess that he was falling before he was abruptly stopped. Lookingnaround he realised that he was floating about two feet from thenground. Glancing around in confusion, his eyes finally came to restnon four people standing in a circle around him, all of them had theirnarms outstretched towards him. As they lowered their arms, Gabrielnfelt himself being lowered to the ground, and with a start henrealised that they were somehow holding him up. A man with shaggynblack hair walked towards him. He reached down and held out his hand,npulling Gabriel to his feet. \" Arenyou alright Gabe?\" asked the man. Gabrielnstarted to back away from him, when he felt two bodies hit the groundnby the side of him. \" Notnnow Uriel, he does not remember who he is. We will explain later. Butnnow we need to get to somewhere safe.\" said Michael coming to standnat Gabriel's shoulder. Gabrielnglanced around the warehouse that they were hiding in. Michael hadntold him that he couldn't get into Heaven unless he could do itnhimself. After coming down off the drugs, Gabriel's hands hadnstarted to shake violently. Somehow they had managed to set up a bednin the corner for him, so that he could at least lie down, and notnlong after he had fallen into a fitful sleep. Michaelnwatched anxiously as Gabriel tossed and turned in his sleep. He didnnot know what was in the drugs that Asmodeus had given him, but bynthe looks of things Gabriel was suffering. He was abruptly pulled outnof his thoughts when he heard a shout. Gabriel was thrashing aroundnin his bed. Thenrest of the Archangels ran towards him, but it was Michael that triednto comfort him. \" Gabrielncalm down. Your safe.\" he said in a soothing voice. Atnthat moment Gabriel's eyes snapped open to reveal all blue eyes.nGabriel was channelling his Archangel powers. \" Raphael,nUriel keep a look out. The use of our powers, no matter how smallnwill be like a beacon to them.\" said Michael. Nonsooner were these words out of his mouth, when the door to thenwarehouse was blasted open from the outside. There stood sevennshadowy figures. They stepped forward as one, and Michael saw that itnwas all seven members of the Fallen. Michael gave a quick glance tonGabriel led by the side of him, before he got up and joined the fivenArchangels. \" Thisnshould be fun.\" said Sammel. Gabrielnawoke to the sounds of a battle. Pushing himself up off his bed hensaw Michael, Raphael and the others fighting against Asmodeus and hisnpeople. He jumped violently when he heard a voice speak loudly nextnto him. \" Younlook like an Angel when you sleep.\" said Asmodeus. \" Whatndo you want?\" replied Gabriel warily. \" Younof course. Come on you don't really think that Michael is yournfriend do you?\" he asked with a surprised look on his face. Gabrielnnodded half-heartedly, and Asmodeus gave a low chuckle of mirth. \" He'snusing you, and then he's going to kill you.\" said Asmodeus slyly. Glancingnin the mirror next to him, he saw his eyes turn dark red. Michaelnhad managed to get the upper hand in his fight against Sammel. Henglanced around the room and to his horror he saw Asmodeus knelt downnnext to Gabriel. He gasped out loud when he saw that Gabriel's eyesnwere turning dark red. He was becoming one of the Fallen. Michaelnroared and launched himself at Asmodeus, knocking him off his feet.nHe snarled at Michael and said, \"Your too late, he believes me.\" Michaelnturned his gaze towards Gabriel and flinched when he saw the colournof his eyes. \" Gabriel,nplease listen to me. He is going to kill you. We are your friends. Wenhave been friends for hundreds of years.\" Michael pleaded. Gabrielnlooked at Michael in confusion. Out of the two of them, he was thenonly one who had not threaten to hurt him. He had shown him nothingnbut love and kindness. He staggered as his memories came floodingnback and he glared at Asmodeus, who at least had the decency to looknslightly nervous. \" Inam going to kill you.\" said Gabriel calmly, as if he was onlyntalking about the weather. \" Ahnwell, no harm no foul.\" said Asmodeus retreating backwards. Gabrielnshouted out and flung his arms wide. All of the Fallen were blastednby a pure white light. When the light disappeared only the Archangelsnremained. \" Theynwill be back. You have only temporarily disabled them.\" saidnRaphael coming to stand by him. \" Thatnwas one great show there, Gabe.\" said Uriel proudly. \" Indeednit was. Now let us go home.\" said Michael and two seconds laternwith a flash of white light, the seven Archangels went home. ","Summary":" Disclaimer:nNone of the characters belong to me. I am making no profit from this. A.N.nThis is set "},{"Movie":"Gabriel","Title":"Past Transgressions","Author":"BigBadWolfyBoy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7436034","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: Hey everyone! So, I finally decided to try my hand at a Gabriel fanfic after watching the movie & absolutely loving it. However, I was discouraged about writing and how this would be received as it is a sequel to Gabriel and has new characters of my own creation. But what really prompted me to post it was learning of the untimely passing of Andy Whitfield on September 11, 2011. This is dedicated in his memory. I do not own anything save for the new characters I have created from my own imagination. Light has begun to fade from this world. It is a world that I have been told to redeem, to make pure once again. Two names are fixed in my mind as I travel to my destination; the whirlwind of lights that bombard me as I spiral downward reminds me that \"They\" have cast me out. A simple command was given – bring back the Light and destroy the Darkness. The command had been given to seven before me, only one of my fellow brothers, an Arc, succeeded. Gabriel. He hadn't returned, but instead had fallen, and chose to live life as a mortal with another fallen Arc, Amatiel. The war was over, it seemed. But as anyone should know, nothing lasts forever, especially in a place where angels feared to tread. The first breath I take is one that ignites my new form on fire, the new sensations causing my mind to swim. My hands reach out, pulling the moist ground toward my new form, and clumping the earth together as my fingers curl into my palm. As my eyes adjust, I look down to my hands, blinking until they come into focus. I slowly release my grip on the dirt and let it fall back to the ground, lifting my right hand up shakily. The mud stains my olive complexion. I try to speak. The sound comes out in a blunder of the word. I try again. The same thing happens. Something sparks inside me, what I can only guess would be frustration, and I turn my gaze to the darkened sky, yelling up to it. For how long I do so, I am not sure. The concept of time is still new. I push myself upwards to stand and I fall. I try and fail, try and fail, until finally I am able to stand on my own two feet. The other tasks are a little easier and soon my feet are taking me toward the city. I pull the hood of my coat over more, concealing my face, and blazing blue eyes, keeping my gaze lowered. I have to find them, the thought repeats in my mind. I have to find Gabriel and Amatiel. As I take in my new surroundings, my feet lead me in a definite direction, as if possessed. I find myself wondering what this world was like before Gabriel had brought the light back. It must've been beautiful. But the cloud of Darkness was back, sucking the life out of this place. I walk by pieces of shattered glass, thinking nothing of it until I realize that I don't actually know what I look like. Curiosity takes over. I back track and carefully bend down, taking one of the bigger pieces into my hand, and looking down into it. My eyes blaze blue, contrasting sharply against my olive skin and short black hair. A goatee adorns my face, causing my lips to stand out. I smile. My teeth are white and straight. Perfect. I place the piece back on the filthy ground, nicking my finger as I do so. The crimson liquid slides out of the cut. I heal it and wipe off the remainder of whatever was on the alleyway floor onto my coat. I gather that I am taller than most other men, for the ones I have seen are not terribly tall but not terribly short either; average. I was taller than average. I start walking again; gaze downcast, and my feet have a mind of their own. There's something instinctual about it all. Like something is pulling towards a destination that only my subconscious is aware of. I keep walking, listening to people as I pass by, some talk about the condition of this place, others offer themselves to others for a price, and some peddle poison. My hands clench into fists and a new feeling spreads. Not frustration. I now knew what that felt like. No, it's something else, perhaps…disappointment? Gabriel brought back the light to this place and these people had taken it for granted. I sigh deeply and glance around. Something feels…off. I become still as possible, forcing my new senses into overdrive, and then I hear it… \"N-No, please, stay away from me…\" A young woman pleas. Cruel chuckles answer her. \"C'mon now, love,\" the voice is tinged with an accent. \"We just want to 'ave some fun with ya…\" My feet are moving of their own accord again, my hand slips into my jacket and wraps about the gun in my shoulder holster. \"B'sides, ya gotta become a woman sometime sweet'art…\" Another voice taunts menacingly. \"We can 'elp ya with that…\" The girl's scream becomes nothing more than a muffled shriek against the beefy hand of one of her attackers. The other continues to laugh, clearly amused by her distress. My gun in pulled out and ready to aim as I round the corner into the alleyway and what I see has the muscles in my jaw clenching. The young woman's shirt has been ripped open, one man holds her arms pinned above her head, the other man's pants are open. All three look to me. The girl's eyes are wide, full of fear and then a second later hope that she'll be saved. The men's eyes, however, are not normal, for they blaze a deep red around the iris and an orangish-yellow bleeds out into the pupil. These are members of the Darkness. There is no warning shot. I aim and squeeze the trigger, hitting the man pinning the girl square in the forehead. He falls back, releasing her wrists, and stays still against the brick wall that is the dead end mark of this alleyway. I aim again, but the second man is quicker, grabbing the girl, and placing a blade against her throat. \"Careful now. Wouldn't want to be responsible for the death of an innocent now would ya?\" He asks, giving a cruel smile with rotten teeth. I know I could move as quickly as I'd need to, but I don't want to chance it. There's something familiar about his hostage that causes me to want to do this neatly. I slowly loosen the grip on my gun until it does nothing more than dangle on my finger. \"Drop it,\" the man commands. I let it fall…and wait. \"Let her go,\" I say and my voice is a smooth baritone. \"Your quarrel is with me now.\" The man hesitates, looking to the girl and then to me, and I notice that the pressure of the knife on her throat lessens the more he seems to think about it. He knows this place is based on fear and that his current captive wouldn't dare rat him out due to the fear that has been instilled in her and all the people of this place. \"S'pose your right,\" He says slowly, moving the blade away. Any second now, I think as I feel my fingers twitch, ready for action. The man looks to the girl, then grabs her, and throws her harshly against the wall. She stumbles and hits her head, falling to the cold dirty concrete. \"Can't 'ave any witnesses,\" He says smoothly then strikes, slashing with his blade. I dart out of the way quickly, throw a hard punch that knocks him off balance in his second attempt, and then crouch down, finding my gun, and as he runs forward once more, I let loose another round. He crashes to the ground and for a moment, all is silent. Two members down. I holster my weapon and then move over to the girl, rousing her a bit. \"Where do you live?\" I ask, moving to carefully brush a piece of dark brown hair out of her eyes, a gesture which she flinches at. \"I mean you no harm,\" I say slowly. She watches me for what feels like an eternity before she licks her lips and responds, \"A loft not far from here in the warehouse district.\" I nod and then move to take her gently into my arms. Once I have her securely placed in them our gazes meet and her eyes are an extraordinary dark blue color. \"What is your name?\" she asks. \"Just know that you are safe with me,\" I respond as I begin to carry her out of the alleyway and towards her home. \"I'd like to know the name of my Guardian angel,\" she says after a moment and I'm slightly caught off guard by her term for me. Again our gazes lock. I see determination in her eyes. I relent despite knowing that doing so could be dangerous. \"Obediah.\" Alrighty, so there's the first chapter! Please let me know what you think! Concstructive criticism only, please! No flames![Chapter 2] AN: Hey everyone! So sorry for the wait, life has been throwing me some real curveballs and obstacles to overcome and deal with lately. As stated before, I've finally decided to try my hand at a Gabriel fanfic after watching the movie & absolutely loving it. However, I was discouraged about writing and how this would be received as it is a sequel to Gabriel and has new characters of my own creation. But what really prompted me to post it was learning of the untimely passing of Andy Whitfield on September 11, 2011. This is dedicated in his memory. I do not own anything save for the new characters I have created from my own imagination. I return my attention forward, eyes set on the road, feeling that familiar tug again. However, something is different about it…the pull is stronger than before, but why? I glance down to the girl and find that her dark blue eyes haven't left my face since I began walking with her still cradled in my arms. A new sensation occurs, one of many that have so far caught me off guard – my heart is racing, palms sweaty, and something swirls about in my stomach. Am I sick? Injured? My brows knit together as I try to figure it out. \"You're new here,\" she says after a moment - it's a statement, not a question - her voice causing my pulse to quicken, but not in the same way it had when I was facing off against her attackers. I look away once more, trying to focus more on the pull I was feeling. \"A strong, silent type, hmm?\" she says and she lets out a light chuckle, a sweet sound in such a desolate place. \"Yes, I am new,\" I reply, knowing that it'd be useless to lie. \"And you came here?\" she asks, her voice full of surprise. \"You chose to come to hell instead of stay where you were, Obediah?\" Hell. This young girl already has a sense of what hell is, deals with it every day, and gets lucky to get home alive. She's not meek. No, I can sense a strength in her, something that feels oddly akin to my own. A battle begins to duel in my head, she's human and though I have a human body, I know I am not. \"Those men, who do they work for?\" I ask in a tone meant for her ears alone and I feel her stiffen in my arms, shifting her weight so that she might jump out of them and take her best shot at freedom. \"I meant what I told you before, I mean you no harm.\" She lets out a snort. \"Look, Obie, it's not that I'm not grateful for your help back there with those two scumbags but no one does something like that without wanting something in return, something that isn't harmful.\" Hostility. My mind registers it quickly and I cannot blame her for acting in such a way. Her mindset of their being a hero to save the defenseless girl was a long forgotten dream in this cruel world. The Darkness had seen to that, had mad sure that no one dared dream of their being any good left in people. Despite the strong pull to quickly get to my destination, to find Gabriel and Amatiel, I stop. Watching the young woman closely before I set her down on her feet, moving a hand out to try to steady her only to have it be swatted away. \"Not everyone is bad,\" I say after a moment. \"Bullshit.\" Her small hands wipe the dirt from her clothing and she puts her arms about her chest to compensate for her ripped shirt. \"I can go on from here.\" She begins to walk off and I follow behind her. \"I said that I can take care of myself. I don't need a shadow,\" she hisses angrily. The right corner of my lip quirked upwards. \"I was your Guardian Angel only moments ago.\" \"Yeah, well, stuff changes. I know that all too well,\" she says as she turns back around and starts walking away. I watch her, already knowing that once I set her down I'd made the decision that I was going to follow her whether she liked it or not. Yes, I'd be her shadow for now. After all, I was still being pulled in the direction she was going. She didn't need me to watch out for her. Fine. I would simply stay far enough behind that I wouldn't arouse her suspicion. My orders remained the same – Find Gabriel and Amatiel – and I needed to complete at least that one task for now. Alrighty, so there's the second chapter! Please let me know what you think! Constructive criticism only, please! No flames! Sorry for it being such a short chapter, but I figured it was better than nothing. Also, any name suggestions for the girl would be much appreciated! Thanks. ^_^ ","Summary":" AN: Hey everyone! So, I finally decided to try my hand at a Gabriel fanfic after watching the movie"},{"Movie":"Would You Rather","Title":"Would I Rather","Author":"C. C. Snow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8999604","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N . I own absolutely nothing. This is still in progress. I'm new at this kind of stuff so I'm going to need A LOT of reviews from you guys. Don't worry, I have an open mind. Would I Rather Chapter 1 It's Thursday morning. Iris is at the table with her calculator, a pen, and some papers which I assume are my laboratory and consultation fees... again. I just finished my third cycle of chemotherapy last week and like always, my sister had busied herself managing loans, debts, bills, and god knows what more stuff it is that involves money. As I approached the kitchen, I turned my back on her without saying anything, facing the counter to make some breakfast out of wheat bread. The truth is I'm starting to get tired of always seeing her stressed like that. \"I can make you some eggs if you want.\" She finally broke the morning silence. Oh dear. Here she goes again – catering to me like I'm three years old. It's not that I'm getting annoyed by the fact that she treats me like one, no. I'm actually very much appreciative of it, really. But sometimes she does things a little too much especially in taking care of me. I mean, I have Leukemia and I already lost my hair but I can still change clothes myself! Iris really needs to lay off a few babysitting chores off her back. This is all just too much for her. \"Yeah and I'm 16, I can make them too.\" I told her monotonously – still not facing her. Then between us, there was again – silence. \"I'm going to go back to the clinic for a little while today. Will you be okay here alone?\" Iris said sweetly. Somehow though, I didn't like the sound of it. Probably it was because of the \"c\" word I'm sick of hearing. \"Something wrong?\" I nervously asked but trying my best not to sound anxious to her. \"No. Uh, Doctor Barden thinks that he can help us cut some of the costs.\" She sounded more positive this time. Out of curiosity, I finally turned to face her. \"How?\" \"I – I have no idea.\" She piled the papers back into an envelope and finally stood from her seat. \"But I'll find out.\" She said excitedly before heading to get dressed. It didn't take her more than ten minutes to get to the car and drive off. Well great. That means she'll be out far from the bills for a while. Finally, my morning is starting to light up just by thinking about it. I'm alone again in this melancholic house but I kind of like it. I can temporarily forget about my illness and the debts that Iris has to worry about because of it. These are the times when my mind has this little freedom to wander. My face can window the thoughts inside my head and no one will notice. No one will question it or confront me about it. And that's fine for me, since every time I'm around Iris, it seems like I have to act like I'm made of steel or pretend that I'm doing emotionally okay with all this. It's the least I could do for everything that she has done for me. I sat by the porch after making myself a sandwich. Then here I went again doing what I'm great at: thinking. It's a growing hobby of mine, ever since things got pretty bad in our family. It's my way of staying by my worth. Thinking back, thinking about now, thinking ' what if ,' thinking ' would I rather ...' - I like doing all sorts of thinking. My most favorite though would be playing 'Would I rather,' but it's too early for that right now. I often spare about an hour for it before bed at night. At this time of the day I guess I'll challenge thinking back again. Yes, it's a challenge because everything grows more terrifying every time I look back; the events more vivid, the details much finer, & the sensations more scarring. 10 months ago... \"She's really not coming home.\" Mom said with full disappointment after a phone call with Iris. She walked about my hospital room back and forth, her face obvious of her longing. \"It's okay dear. She's in college. Iris is probably really that busy to leave Georgia. I'm sure she'll find time to pay us a visit after the holidays.\" My dad, the glass-is-always-half-full type, comforted my mom. \"It's been four months since she's been here, Will.\" Mom finally sat down. She leaned in to rest her head upon her hands in surrender. \"I miss her.\" Dad went over to her. \"I know Kate. I do too. And-\" \"She hasn't called in a month!\" She interrupted. \"I mean… we still talk over the phone but,\" she realized the exaggerated sense that she said. \"Do I always have to be the one who makes the dialing? I don't know, Will. She's way farther from us this time.\" Mom and Iris have this special bond. If I didn't know any better, I would've thought of the possibility that I'm adopted. She gives her everything she asked. Although I know that I'm loved just as much, Iris always has the slight edge. And here's my mom right now - freaked out by the fact that she gets to talk to Iris these days only twice a week (apparently a big deviation from the usual four times). Mom and dad's conversation got cut for a while when the nurse knocked in to give my anti-emetics, or as I call it - my puke-gatekeepers . They're the only ones that make sense on every chemo. The rest is just some liquids 'destined' to make me better. \"Hey, just because Iris can't come to us for Christmas, doesn't mean we cannot go to her.\" Dad smiled at his 'Eureka!' moment. Mom lifted her head – curious of what dad got to his head. \"What? Wait, what do you-\" \"If we leave at noon, we'll be in time for a Christmas Eve dinner at Georgia! Then we can spend the night at a nearby hotel and drive back here at dawn for Christmas day!\" My dad's eyes were as wide as a happy puppy and his smile couldn't get any higher than it already was. Mom seemed to be accepting his idea but she worriedly shook her head. \"What about Raleigh? He'll be alone here at the hospital.\" Wow, my name magically turned up. \"No.\" She shook her head. \"Um, I really want to see Iris but-\" \"Mom, I'll be fine.\" I interrupted her. \"I'm sure Iris would love to have you come over.\" I'm really glad that dad came up with this plan. Whatever it is that Iris is so busy about, I know that she's feeling lonely as well. \"You sure, kiddo?\" Dad walked over to me. \"We could just, you know – set up the laptop, log into Skype and all that.\" \"No dad, it's okay. I'll be okay. It's just for a night, right? I can manage.\" Dad sweetly smiled at me while brushing a thumb on my left shoulder. \"Plus, if you put up with Skype I'm sure Iris will just come up with another excuse to showcase her unavailability.\" I teased. Mom chuckled. \"Alright then.\" She got up to walk over. \"Sticking with the plan, we better get going.\" She turned to me, \"Raleigh honey, do you need anything else before we go?\" \"Tell Iris I'm still looking forward to my swimming lessons that she promised two summers ago.\" I smiled upon bringing it up to the surface. \"That is, if her college fats hasn't made her heavier for pool water.\" I laughed. \"Tell her that for me.\" Present time… My Christmas Eve was peaceful that night. I was alone but it was soothing. Then when I didn't get a visit from my parents the next morning, off-putting thoughts started invading my head. I kept on convincing myself that they probably just enjoyed Iris's company that they decided to extend their stay. But when a red-nosed and puffy-eyed Iris surprisingly walked into my room later that afternoon, I fought off what was left of my positive spirit and actually believed there is trouble. She immediately went over for a tight mourning hug and cried. It took me a couple of 'Iris, what's wrong?' interrogation and a lot of back-rubbing on her before she finally had the sense to tell me that our parents got into a car accident. 10 months ago… Iris pulled back from the hug and said that she learned about it through a phone call from the police. \"I was… about to get up m... My seat to start my pres... sentation in… in class when… when… I received it and-,\" she said in between sniffing. I could feel a barrel of tears pooling in my eyes. Iris took a few deep breaths before continuing. \"And suddenly, everything shot into dim and I could feel my heart hammering in my chest. I ditched my report, went straight to my dorm and cried endlessly. Raleigh they're gone. I don't know what to do. I feel like I let them down. I didn't come home for the holidays, I'm really sorry Raleigh. I wish I could-\" \"Shhhh Iris. No, it's not your fault.\" I drew her back into a comforting hug. The barrel of tears that were held in my eyes lost control and started flooding down my face. \"Iris, it was an accident. It's not your fault. Don't do this to yourself.\" We were in that hug for a while - no words, just us seeking comfort in each other's presence. \"I enrolled in a few more classes this semester that's why I still had academic activities yesterday.\" She said in a calmer version of herself. \"I know I hadn't been reaching out to you guys lately and I'm such an ass. Mom and dad didn't like it-\" \"Iris, please.\" I begged as I found myself crying a lot more. \"Look, they missed you and they just wanted to see you for Christmas that's why they planned to drive over and spend a night with you. They-\" I got interrupted when she suddenly pulled back from the hug wearing a 'What are you saying Raleigh?' expression. \"They were… driving to Georgia? To me?\" \"I- uh,\" With all her apologies earlier, how come she still didn't know that they were driving to her dorm? \"Iris, I- I thought you knew. Yes, they planned to surprise you for a simple dinner.\" Present time... And here it goes again – Iris's point of devastation flashing back into memory. I regretted it so much that I mentioned it to her at that particular time. Just when I assumed at the moment that Iris couldn't get any more hurt because of what happened, I had pushed her way over the line and into an ugly realm of deeper self-inflicted pain. And it has changed her forever.[Chapter 2] A/N . I own absolutely nothing. Leave reviews and I'll be forever in your debt. Chapter 2 Minutes later, our car pulled over in front of the house. Wow, it took her only an hour. That was fast. As Iris walked towards me, I kept trying to read her face and body language but they weren't giving me anything. \"What did Dr. Barden say?\" I inquired – seeming like I don't give much damn but secretly hoping for something. She stood still right in front of me and let out a deep sigh. She shook her head before telling me, \"It was nothing… Just some weird offer that I became immediately uninterested in.\" She smacked her lips to my cheek before heading inside the house. My eyes are fixed on a distance. My mind started to panic a little because I lost track of what I was thinking. I took notice of our car. The doors are already smooth and the whole thing was re-painted in black but in my head, I could still trace the damages of the accident. In vivid memory, I could still sketch the scratches over the insurance renovation. Back then, I had long thought that my worsening illness was the culprit of all my misery. But it wasn't until this year that I realized it wasn't. It is what has become of my sister after the accident. Before I could rush to another thought, I felt a hand tap my shoulder. \"Raleigh, come on. The results are coming out today.\" \"Results?\" \"Yeah... For the transplant thing?\" Iris said with a smile. \"Oh, right.\" I stood from my seat and grabbed a sweater. Before I got discharged last week from the hospital, Dr. Barden informed us of my urging need for a bone marrow transplant - just another strong indication that I'm not getting any better. The effect of the news though wasn't on me but on my sister. We barely survived the last nine months and here comes some more grand demanded from us. Iris immediately asked Dr. Barden if she could donate, since we're siblings. He said that it is indeed a possibility but not a guarantee. Iris then requested that she be tested at once to speed up the pacing of events. It wasn't a matter of giving it a shot. She had herself tested thinking that there's no way she couldn't be a match since we are biologically related to each other; we came from the same blood and flesh. It was purely Iris's logic that led her to that decision. I've always known my sister as someone who will never have the guts to take any leap of faith. She's the 'glass-is-always-half-empty' type. She dislikes the unknown for she cannot bring herself to bet on the positive. Iris can be defined by the sure ball that she always preferred. And though it may seem that someone as pessimistic as her cannot be capable of handling reality, Iris knows very well where to search for invincible will. Even if the 'known' is as ugly as pain, if she wanted it to happen, she'll make it happen no matter what. She will survive it with an iron will – god knows where she gets it from. We arrived at McKazee's Diagnostics in no time. Iris's foot kept on tapping a happy rhythm while we sit waiting for the staff to retrieve our papers. \"You're smiling.\" I told Iris sounding confused, rather than glad. \"You say that as if it's illegal for me to do so.\" Iris joked. Wow, someone's in a great mood suddenly. \"It's been a while since you wore a smile that actually meant something.\" I kept on a serious look. \"Yeah? And what is it telling you now?\" She mocked – still smiling. This one, Iris, is telling me of your satisfaction brought about by the fact that whatever your master plan is, it's working. If I say it to her face, she'll go quizzical and unless I present her graphs and charts to make it all crystal clear to her, she won't stop bugging me about it. \"Got into a new job?\" I asked instead. \"Kind of… Yes.\" She answered. I said nothing in return and instead, stared right into that pair of blue eyes she got from our father. Her eyes widened and lost the ability to stare back at me steadily. \"Raleigh, I know you have hundreds of stares. What is this you're throwing at me?\" She sounded like I could chew her into pieces at any moment with my stare. \"This would be me doubting you by your answer to my question.\" I sneered at the reaction I'm getting from her. It surprised me that I enjoy scaring my sister. \"Alright, fine!\" She let out a sigh. \"It's not really a job for me yet. I mean – I had the interview two days ago and the manager sounded so promising… I'm a pro at handling people, Raleigh. You know that. I think… I nailed that interview with my résumé and some ass-kicking answers.\" Iris is being Iris – always accounting the good stuff on her actions and never on blind faith. She brushed a hand through her wavy blond hair. \"Suddenly,\" She looked up and wandered her eyes as if a lot of good possibilities flashed side by side before her. \"Suddenly, I'm steering my way to a job that will actually spell f-u-t-u-r-e-m-a-n-a-g-e-r all the way.\" \"Uh-uh. Iris, you do know that before you maneuver your way to promotion, you first need to get a job that is s-t-a-b-l-e , right?\" I scoffed. \"Before you started selling sausages and sandwiches at Sans Ville Diner , you swore me Starbucks then after two weeks, you got your ass f-i-r-e-d .\" \"The old man was being a jerk when he barged into the owner's office complaining of how I gave him hot cocoa when he ordered for a cup of mocha. That damn customer accused my hearing sense as faulty and I simply stood up for myself. I know what I heard. He was being an a-s-s-h- ,\" \"Asshole... Got it.\" I interrupted her spelling as it started to annoy me. \"You still got fired, though.\" I teased. She poked me on the cheek and the next thing I knew, my sister and I were having fun holding a little horseplay in our seats. I finally had a good grip on her ear, locking her head on my lap while trying to tickle her when - \"Number 462!\" The woman at the counter called out. We came back to our senses and got up. Do you want to know what happened next? One word: silence . The trip back home seems to be taking a lot longer than going to McKazee's . It's probably just the rush hour traffic. Everything is going like I am in some sort of film montage – no words, just slow motion and a sad song playing in the background. Iris is quiet in the driver's seat. The radiant smile and the merry tone of her voice when she was speaking about how she nailed the job interview – now all gone. Her face now casts this anger that says something like 'I fucking failed my mission and now the private investigation agency I work for will kick me out because of it.' I could feel her self-inflicted pain – not the private investigation agency thing in plain sense, but the metaphor of it. She counts her success rate as ninety-nine percent. Today just happens to be the one percent when she wanted something so bad but fell short. I could feel myself hurting as she detested herself more and more with each minute passing by. We're both trying to endure a knife in the chest. Mine is just a slower suicide. I couldn't handle it anymore. Before Iris could hit the final gust of air into the balloon to blow me up, I broke the silence. \"You mad at me or something?\" I inquired as if I have no clue of what the hell is going on. \"Why would I be mad at you?\" She glimpsed at me as I intruded her focus on her driving. \"I thought I would be a match. I feel like I let you down.\" There, - my thoughts exactly. \"You can't always be the hero.\" I finally confronted her about it. \"Sometimes you have to let go.\" \"Like – let go of you?\" She replied instantly. Close, Iris. Very close. Not what I had in mind but – close. Why didn't I think of that anyway - letting go of myself? Some self-harm, huh? But I promised myself I wouldn't do that. I can't imagine the effect it will have on Iris. \"It's not your fault, Iris. Doctor Barden said that siblings may not be a match and it's normal.\" Now I couldn't look at her. I fixed my eyes on whatever sight there was by my window. She didn't say anything and I took it as my chance to shoot it all up in her face. \"You're pissed right now because you think you were so close at finally doing something noble… as if quitting college and selling doughnuts in the highway weren't heroic enough.\" \"So what are you trying to say?\" I garnered more hate in her voice when she spoke. \"Not all bad luck has something to do with you, okay?!\" It startled me when I realized how my voice unintentionally raised itself. I took a deep breath to return to calmness. \"Iris, I- I'm sorry.\" But no, I can't just leave it all inside me. By the time I opened my mouth to start the confrontation, I was already dancing at the brink of disaster – falling won't make this situation any worse than it already is. \"Iris, you can't blame yourself for every misfortune that happens.\" I didn't feel like being the one to lecture but I wasn't not sure if Iris really needed to be told straightforward or she was simply pretending. \"It's life. Sometimes it's heavenly, sometimes it's shitty. And when it's being a dick, no one's responsible for it.\" \"You think so?! Then tell me this.\" Her voice rose – apparently reminding the atmosphere who the alpha is. \"You had to quit the academic year because mom and dad left us with debts and I didn't have a job right away to keep you in school. Now why can't I hold myself responsible for that?\" \"Because you can't, Iris! It all summed up to over a hundred dollars so even if you had a job back then, we still wouldn't be able to keep up paying for everything! Gosh, Iris! I know that you're hurting and I am too, but-,\" She didn't even let me finish my mini speech. \"You just think that you know but you don't!\" I hate how we are verbally attacking each other right now. \"You don't know what it's like to see things crash down and realize that you're just standing there watching, doing nothing about it. You have no idea what it's like to spend every waking moment knowing how you're fucked up enough to mess up every little thing you lay your hands on.\" Her voice started to break as she continued to strive speaking everything out in the fewest breaths that she could.\"You-, you lay down your head at night but you cannot sleep because you keep regretting all the wrong things you've done for the day. You keep re-living all your errors in the light of learning how you could have done better. It's tiring, Raleigh! I have no way of stopping myself from doing it every single night other than fooling myself… convincing myself that I am a new person everyday and that tomorrow, I will mess up less.\" She started speaking in the tone of despair. \"But the cycle never changed.\" She rested a hand on her forehead as she took a deep breath. \"Eventually I give in and let myself rest for the night. But then the first thing I always have to do when I open my eyes in the morning, is to deliberate within me if whether I am already in my afterlife or still just breathing another sunrise in my reality. And-,\" She paused upon hearing her voice break a lot more. She placed a trembling hand over her lips as she fought the urge to cry. \"And-, before I even move another muscle, I get my answer – the same fucking answer every morning. I start to feel poison in my blood as yesterday's worries pull me into an embrace, welcoming me like I'm the prodigal son who returned to the place he will always belong. And then I just knew - that nothing had changed while I slept.\" She took a few deep breaths striving hard not to lose more control. The next minutes were spent in total silence. And at long last, we reached the front of our house. As Iris turned off the engine, I decided to say my last word – fearing that I may never get the opportunity to corner her into conversations like this again. \"Iris, I know everything.\" \"You don't.\" Her voice still shook. \"I do, Iris. I know your pain. When I see you spend time on bills that we cannot pay, when I don't see you every time you rename rest days to 'job-hunting-around-the-city days,' when I hear you sob through the thin wall that our rooms share… it kills me faster than this blood disease does.\" \"You're not dying.\" She immediately corrected. \"I am, Iris!\" I bawled. \"You always take a bullet for me and it destroys me because I cannot do anything about it! So don't you dare tell me that I don't know anything about hating myself for just watching things crash down before my eyes. Iris, I see you crash down all the time and it hurts to know that I am the cause of it. If only I had not gotten sick-,\" \"No, Raleigh. Don't.\" She threw herself to hug me. She dislikes it when I bring up the topic about what could have been if I wasn't sick. She cupped my face in her hands and looked straight into my eyes, \"You'll be fine. I'll make sure of it, okay?\" Tears streamed down her cheeks. \"Don't cry Iris. I don't like watching you cry.\" She chuckled at the sweet thought. \"Okay.\" She brushed her thumbs softly against my cheeks before grabbing the car key and her purse. \"I'll make you your favorite pasta for dinner tonight.\" I couldn't help but smile at the thought of it. Iris isn't the best cook in town but her pasta dishes are always a bomb. As she went out the car, I heard my tummy growl. \"Sure Iris, but what about lunch first?\" I asked upon getting out of my seat. \"Hmm, want to grab something at Pan Dre's ?\" She offered, bringing back her radiant smile. I raised an eyebrow at her. \"Pancakes? At this time of the day?\" She reached out a hand to hold mine. \"Why not? I'm pretty sure you had an awful time with that egg sandwich you made this morning. Pan Dre's will make up for it.\" She teased. And just like that,- all seemed back to normal, for now . \"You better remember my combo order, Iris.\" She smirked, \"What makes you think I'd forget?\" \"Welcome to Pan Dre's ,\" the waiter said as he held up a notebook and positioned his pen ready to write. \"Yes um, Blueberry Combo B for him; Salad Swing C for me.\" Iris squinted at the waiter who was busy jotting down notes. \"Ervin?\" The waiter looked up to Iris as she called him by that name. He looked puzzled – apparently digging deep into memory lane on how he probably knew my sister in any way. \"It's me, Iris – from Social Studies last year?\" He was almost there to remember; Iris continued. \"You lent me your Parker when Doctor Hayman decided to have an on-the-spot post-test on Asian governments and I-,\" He finished the statement as he finally hit the memory, \"-and you left yours at the quad during the debate after-party the night before.\" Iris grinned as he recalled. \"Yeah, glad you still remember.\" He shook his head and looked down as he blushed. \"How could I totally forget? I don't usually lend pens, but your blue eyes caught me off-guard.\" He chuckled – his cheeks getting on a deep shade of red. So that's Ervin. The legendary Ervin is finally in the flesh. I didn't know he's from this town as well. Iris mentioned him to me for the first time via phone conversation about a year ago. I remember him being described by Iris as tall, dark-haired, athletic-bodied, and a total charmer. But back then, she was so particular about how his hazel eyes sparkled . Was it why Iris mentioned loving Social Studies despite its dreadful 4-hour lectures? I stared and examined him as they talked. Yes, he does own a pair of hazel eyes. So what? I have hazel eyes! Mine are on a crisper palette of gold and bronze than his, actually! But Iris never said anything about how mine sparkled. Wow. I never thought puppy love could be funnier in college than in high school. The Ervin figure my parents and I had ten months ago had a deeper impact than what seems to Iris as just a love interest. He was all what she talks about with mom on their weekly phone calls. With Iris talking about him in the merriest tone, mom had managed to keep her sanity. Hospitalization bills back then were starting to mount in pile. Being partly glass-is-always-half-empty type (a pessimist like Iris but less), my mom was starting to lose it every night before bed. Dad had doubled his efforts to balance her out. He was supposed to be the yin to her yang , but he wasn't enough. What snaps mom out of her worries was Iris. Every time Iris tells her about how she enjoyed Ervin's company during Social Studies , or how he would knock on her dorm and show up with her coffee order, or how he made amazing pneumonic patterns while they studied together in the library, mom's mood would change and stay as nice as it became for the rest of the day. And seeing mom free from the chains of my illness, I couldn't be more content. And I had Iris to thank for it. No, strike that; I had Ervin to thank for it. \"Aren't you supposed to be in Georgia? The semester started a few weeks ago, right?\" Iris inquired. \"Yeah but my new schedule blessed me with only four school days. My Fridays and weekends are vacant, and school load doesn't weigh much yet 'till December so I can still manage to visit home every week.\" He chuckled. \"Plus, my contract here at Pan Dre's is still on 'till the end of this month.\" Ervin turned to my direction as I threw my forehead down to the table in despair for food. \"Oh sorry,\" he gestures to the kitchen area. \"I haven't relayed your orders yet. Later, Iris.\" He left our table. \"You okay, Raleigh?\" Iris tried to duck and meet my eyes as I kept my forehead still smacked on the desk. I'm just really hungry right now. \"No one orders Salad Swing C unless they're crazy or something,\" I mocked. \"So, I'm crazy or something?\" She rested her chin on the ball of her left hand. I sat up straight and leaned my head back to the chair. \"No one in his right mind would order a salad with zero chicken content, or tuna flakes, or-,\" She rolled her eyes. \"Vegan's the new trend, Raleigh.\" She giggled. Before I could deride back, Ervin was back with a chair and sat with us. \"So Iris, I never heard from you since you-\" he gulped nervously, like he remembered a mysterious dark pit existing with Iris's sudden disappearance. \"-since you ditched your report.\" He looked down in unease, hoping he hadn't knocked on a very sensitive topic. \"About that,\" Iris began. \"I learned that our parents got into a car accident on the day of my Social Studies presentation. And the next day I went back here to make sure my brother's okay... been taking care of him ever since.\" Ervin bit his lower lip. He let out a sigh before saying, \"So a goodbye wasn't on your checklist before totally moving out?\" He smiled sweetly. Iris reached over to place her hand over his. \"Ervin,\" \"No, Iris. I was just kidding.\" He chuckled. \"I'm sorry for what happened, though.\" Oh the tension between these two. It's obvious that Iris still has that flame for him. Great! Ervin can you stay and bring back the sanity into my sister? \"Ooops!\" Ervin glanced at his wrist watch. \"Your orders should be up any moment now. I-,\" he pointed to the counter. \"Oh, sure.\" Iris blushed as she stared at him walking off with his chair. \"Damn,\" I sported a disgusted face. \"You're still into him.\" \"Oh shut it Raleigh,\" she muttered. I kept on my killer gaze and preyed on her blue eyes. And as expected, she went on with her ritual of intimidated mannerism. \"Raleigh, stop staring at me like that!\" I smirked, taking so much pleasure in her expression. \"Fine!\" She rolled her eyes. \"I guess I still like him,\" she whispered. I raised an eyebrow, \"You guess?\" She rested a cheek on the ball of her right hand – distorting that half of her face cutely. With eyebrows meeting in annoyance, Iris looks like my 5-year old little sister who I just pissed by grabbing her favorite doll. Her mood shifted swiftly as she shyly pursed her lips while her cheeks went deep red. She leaned in from across my seat - her arms folded on the table, \"That was the gorgeous set of hazel eyes I was telling you before.\" She giggled. For a few minutes Iris was like that – babbling Ervin's beauty to my face. By impulse, I would be screaming ' Someone get me out of this crazy shit about how Ervin is hand-crafted from heaven please ,' from the inside. But I sat still, just admiring how my sister's present carefree state is so striking, how it is so – her. \"And he plays tennis! Did you hear me? Tennis!\" Iris exclaimed in immeasurable admiration. Yes, I heard you the first five hundred times, Iris. But damn, she's really happy at this moment! \"He won the Sophomore Open back in-,\" Iris paused and stared past my head as if she's witnessing the Twin Towers crumbling down. In curiosity, I turned to find out for myself. Fuck, no. From a distance, there stood Ervin (whose elbows are propped back down against the counter), talking to a tall blonde. They seem very close. She leaned against him while he raised her left hand to admire the thumb ring she's wearing. Ervin kept placing light kisses on her temple. Wow, someone's flirtatious at work. As I turned my back on them, I saw Iris looking down, disappointed. \"Maybe we should call the manager, huh?\" I teased. She chuckled shortly at the joke. \"That's-,\" she pursed her lips together. \"That's Trish over there.\" \"You know her?\" I asked in disbelief. She glanced at the counter quickly before nodding. She sighed, \"Yeah. I uh, took Social Studies and Philosophy 102 with her.\" I realized my mouth fell open in confusion. \"You guys-,\" I gestured my finger back and forth Iris and them, \"friends or-,\" \"You can say that.\" She chuckled. \"We weren't that close though.\" She's disappointed – I can tell. It's like in a click, her happy mood just disappeared. \"I should've known,\" she shook her head. \"I had always suspected that she liked Ervin too back then.\" Wait, seriously? A love triangle? Gross! Suddenly, why is everything running on like every second's lifted from a rom-com ? Okay drop the comedy aspect, but still! If I were a screenwriter, I would pack my bags to L.A. and go knocking at Touchstone Pictures while yelling 'Eureka! I found your million-dollar script!' We ate lunch silently. Iris was so down in the dumps. Gold hair with a gentle curl, that's the girl he chose, and heaven knows I'm not that girl... I could hear her sing those lyrics in her head. She always finds the time to hum Wicked songs that match the present situation. Geez , she must be really in love with Ervin.[Chapter 3] A/N. I own absolutely nothing. I present to you the complete third chapter. R+R please! =D Thanks! Chapter 3 It's midnight already and I'm still awake. I've been on this bed for almost three hours now. I'm so damn tired; I want to rest already but my head won't let me. My mind is still firing up; it's driving me insane with all these thoughts about Iris. The way Iris avoided the conversation earlier before heading to Pan Dre's was something I anticipated. She always has her ways of diverting conversations when she's afraid to tap on some topics. I could hardly juice out the reasons behind her every frown, let alone the thoughts she tries to mask with smiles. And that is why I was kind of glad when she opened up about the burden of witnessing things as they crash down. The matter about waking up disappointed was just a bonus. I didn't dare to try getting her to open up again after that trip earlier. I wanted my Pan Dre's meal to be peaceful. Anyway, it was true that I had an awful time with that egg sandwich this morning. 5 hours ago... \"Raleigh! Dinner's almost ready!\" \"Yeap! Coming!\" I yelled from my room. I threw my PSP on my messy bed before sprinting to the dining area. Oh gosh, Iris's pasta smells so inviting! I sat down at the table where an empty plate waits patiently. Iris sprinkled some pepper while the heat from the stove bombed the area with such reviving food scent. She grabbed my plate to the stove and dumped on it my share of the meal. And as she did, she started speaking in foreign accent, \"This is the special du jour , is pasta a la vegeta-,\" I broke it off before she made further failed attempts at being hilarious, \"Um, okay wow. Iris um, that's a terrible Italian accent.\" Still babbling French phrases, she walked across from the stove to the table, laying down my plate which is now decorated with Iris's specialty. \"And if it's French,\" I cut off. \"Monsieur is not pronounced man sewer.\" \"Mon-see-yoor,\" she repeated. \"Iris, the first syllable shouldn't be as crisp as how you say 'Monday;' the '-n' sound shouldn't be that obvious,\" I corrected her. \"Mo-shooor,\" she tried. I rolled my eyes and slapped a hand to my face in frustration. She sang a familiar tune in a theatrical tone, \"Look mo-shooor, where all the children plaaaay!\" Les Miserables ? Seriously? Iris has an awesome singing voice but right now she's goofing around and it's really just annoying. She switched to a silly impersonation of a manly voice, \"Be at peace. Be at peace evermore.\" \"Iris,\" I tried to snap her out of it. She sang starting it with an A , \"My Cosette-\" Then she returned to the low keys, \"-Shall live in my protection.\" \"Oh god no, Iris-,\" \"Take her now...\" \"Iris, why are you-\" \"Your child will want for nothing...\" But she could not be stopped. I grunted in annoyance and focused on starting to eat instead. As I gazed at my plate, I noted something unusual. Ignoring her singing, I complained, \"Iris, there's no chicken in here.\" Did she forget or, did she forget? Chicken crumbles marinated in Asian spices make up the very core of this dish. Why do I see only veggies and scant Parmesan? She stopped singing and tried to regain her senses. \"You already had eggs this morning so you have to pass tonight.\" She went to get a plate and utensils of her own. \"Seriously Iris, it's not going to kill me to have some protein every now and then!\" I exclaimed in disbelief. How am I supposed to enjoy this pasta without the main ingredient? She threw an 'it's for your own good' face at me. I rolled my eyes. \"I don't remember Doctor Barden saying anything about how I should watch out for protein.\" I tried to explain. She sat with me at the table and started eating. \"Protein is actually what I need exactly. I mean in between chemo sessions, my good cells will need all the aid it can get to repair fast.\" Thank you, WebMD . She was about to reply when her phone buzzed. She got off the desk to pick up the call. I stared at her as she walked pass the door to entertain it. I eavesdropped from my seat, of course. \"Hello? Uh, speaking... Uh-huh... Oh... Okay... Well, uh, wait. Um, what about the hostess-position that you, you... the other day you interviewed me... Oh... Okay well, thank you... Thanks again.\" Again, fuck no . So that interview she was talking about earlier at McKazee's turned out to be just another entry into Iris's long list of 'Things-I-Am-Unqualified-For' . Oh no, not again. Her ninety nine percent success rate once again got tainted with inconsistency. She returned to the table and ate. I tried to make her open up a little, \"Iris, was that the-,\" \"Doctor Barden said you should watch out for dirty meat or poultry,\" she interrupted in an attempt to steer away from her present disappointment. There was no eye contact at all. She's obviously pissed right now. She used the Alpha tone again. It was so superior that it sounded almost monotonous. \"And I'm not taking any risk of getting you infected so easy.\" She chewed her food fast. \"Groceries aren't really sterilizing those things, so it is best that you're exposed much less instead.\" Iris, 'dirty meat or poultry' means meat or poultry from infected animals, and not necessarily 'autoclaved' loins or wings. She's in a bad mood again; I can tell. That is why I kept my mouth shut and ate my food in silence, - afraid to unleash the kraken inside Iris. Present time... Insomnia isn't really my thing. I had darker evenings but I always had managed to sleep before 1 am . Geez , it's already a quarter past one and I still don't have any hint of sleepiness inside me. Fuck being a teenager. Fuck being a leukemic teenager. I know that in about ten years (if I even live that long), I'd laugh about all this being an issue. These are just simple life obstacles, yes I know, but just so the heavens forget - I'm just sixteen. Obstacles should be age-appropriate; mine obviously aren't. There are tons of teenagers out there who carry even heavier baggage on their backs, yes I know. Well did they also have big sisters who keep on setting all dilemmas aside as if they're just jigsaw pieces scattered on the floor? Or maybe they are indeed just jigsaw pieces, you know? Maybe I only have misinterpreted the orientation of each puzzle piece; maybe there are other big pictures from it than what the puzzle box says it would become. What if Iris got that job? That would've meant one less silent meal for both of us. What if that dinner wasn't spent in total silence? I probably would be a little less bothered right now. What if my mind was a little less bothered right now? Oh yes, I would've been snoring peacefully for about three hours and counting. Ugh, why am I even in this crazy little circle of thoughts? Let me dig deeper. What if mom and dad didn't die? Iris then, would've remained in college. Iris then, even would've made it through to the title 'Ervin's girlfriend' . Iris would be blushing to sleep instead of crying to sleep. What if Ervin and Iris got together? Oh right, my sister would've been this smiling little 'okay-maybe-the-glass-can-be-half-full' type of bitch. Sorry sis, sarcasm's the new trend. Ervin made her better back then. Wait, strike that. Ervin makes her better 'till now. The way Iris's face bloomed when she recognized the guy back in Pan Dre's was magical. Everything was so gloomy then boom! Iris went into a deep shade of red. I cannot say that a lot of things would've turned bright if it weren't because of the accident. The way I see it, either path offered rocky and muddy roads. It was just a matter of which one will give us the bumpier ride. So I guess it's just Iris that could have gone high to the skies if the accident never happened. Well it did, and now she's not the only who is getting damned while the boat sinks; obviously my ass too, is on board. So is this my method of figuring out other big pictures from the jigsaw pieces? The world never works that way and we all know that. No matter how Sherlock-ly I try to manipulate the orientation of these puzzle pieces, the sides were carved in those certain curves so I cannot really force two pieces to jive in like Lego blocks if they weren't meant to behave that way. The clock read that it's near three in the morning. That is it; I need air. Grabbing my favorite jacket and a bonnet, I tiptoed to our porch. I stood still in the cold for what it seemed like twenty minutes. The thoughts didn't scoot; they remained stagnant and cloudy inside my head. And within those twenty minutes of stiffness, staring blankly at a distance, I was also preventing any of the thoughts that are desperate for contemplation, from getting hot on spotlight. But it would''t get me anywhere, would it? I was about to let one in, when out of the corner of my eye, I saw two homeless boys walking, shivering on the street. I watched them as the taller one wrapped his arms around the little one while continuing on their walk. He removed the sweater he was wearing and let the small boy wear it. Without much thinking, I went over to them. They paused when I went near. \"Hey,\" I greeted them with a smile, hoping it's going to make a cheerful impression. The taller boy just stared up to me while he rubbed his hands up and down the little one's shoulders. \"Hi,\" the small one said sheepishly. I squatted to their eye level, \"Where are you guys headed to?\" \"Some place where we can sleep, I guess. We've been walking all night.\" The other boy answered. \"Is he your brother?\" I asked, referring to the shy little one. \"Yes,\" he said, casting a smile. I noticed his arms shiver. The noble thing to do right now is to give the boy my jacket, but I'm having second thoughts. 10 months ago... \"Raleigh, wake up.\" Mom said. The nurse paid me visits every hour to check on me. I need sleep; maybe mom will get tired of asking me to wake up if I just ignore. She playfully poked me as I kept my eyes closed. \"Raleigh honey, wake up. I got you something.\" I ended my pretense. Well who says 'no' to a gift, right? \"For me?\" Mom nodded as she grinned. She handed over the package and when I opened it, my eyes widened. \"The BlackStorm hoodie from Holcomb's ?\" Mom smiled, \"Merry Christmas!\" Oh hell no! Tell me this is not real! Tell me that I'm dreaming. Oh gosh, I've always wanted this jacket! Thank goodness for me, Christmas came a day earlier! I didn't mean to be a kid, but I hugged the jacket while I blushed. \"Mom, I thought you needed the money for your phone's repair,\" my curiosity spoke. Last month when mom and I went to the mall, we passed by Holcomb's to buy dad something for his birthday. The Blackstorm was on the display; I was admiring it for like – ten minutes. When mom snapped me out of my trance, I told her that I wanted it but she broke it down to me that her phone drowned in the tub one time and she'll be using the extra money she had to have it fixed. I didn't know what she meant exactly by that but of course I understood that a phone is more important than some fabrics. Mom shrugged her shoulders, \"I don't need a phone that much. I mean, your dad's is still working fine so I can just – you know, borrow it in case I need to contact anybody.\" I couldn't shake off my head that she sacrificed getting her phone fixed for this, \"Mom, you really didn't have to do that. I can manage with some garage sale suit; it shields from cold just as good as Holcomb's cotton.\" \"You used to stare at the display every time we walked by that store, Raleigh. And you told me yourself that you wanted it so bad.\" She leaned in to hug me. I smiled. \"I did. Thanks mom.\" She kissed me on the cheek before pulling out of the hug. \"Where's dad?\" I inquired. \"Oh he is just following up on your lab results. He left his phone with me, though.\" She gasped, \"Oh I almost forgot!\" \"What is it?\" She stood and walked over across the room as she reached into the pocket of her denim, \"I haven't called Iris yet!\" I rolled my eyes. \"Didn't she call yesterday?\" \"She didn't. I did the dialing.\" She punched in the digits of Iris's number. \"Plus, she told me yesterday that she won't be coming home for tomorrow. But well, maybe I'll succeed with last-minute convincing.\" She chuckled as she held the device up to her ear. Oh great. Present time... This jacket was mom's final Christmas gift to me. Since that 25th of December, this jacket has developed a sentimental value. It always reminds me of mom's love. I mean, for fuck's sake, she sacrificed the convenience of having a phone for this! It's my favorite memory of my mom; it's my favorite jacket. \"Sorry sir, but we really need to get going.\" The older boy politely said, his voice shaking in the cold. \"Oh. Uh, yea. Sorry I sort of slowed you guys down.\" I replied with a comforting smile. They both smiled back before continuing walking. They have gone quite some steps away from me when I blurted out, \"Wait.\" The boys paused and turned to my direction. I took off my Blackstorm as I jogged toward them. When I reached them, I wrapped it around the older boy. \"You should have my jacket,\" I reluctantly spoke, before forcing a smile. \"Thank you, sir.\" The older boy greeted back with a happy grin. \"Call me Raleigh,\" I told them, only because I was''t sure of what to say further and because I have no idea why I gave it away. \"Thank you so much Raleigh.\" They walked off right after. I just gave away the most important thing in the world for me. Why? The last thought that rushed through me was that it wouldn't matter much longer. It surprises me that the act wasn't out of pity or anything of that kind. I returned into the house short after; it was ice-freezing outside. As I closed my bedroom door behind me, I had a quick look at the panorama of my filthy, ugly room. \"What a fucking mess,\" I muttered. I figured, if I slam myself to my bed once again, these troubling thoughts will be the end of me, so I took a few steps hoping that I land on a spot in my room that is like a safe haven. Poof! I found myself standing before the vertical mirror beside my bed. I stared at the image I see in front of me. Months ago, every time I kept the same stance as this, I see an ill boy. But tonight, a lot has been modified on that ill boy. It's not just the leukemia that I see in the mirror; I also see disaster. That's it. I am the cause of everything. I am the cause of Iris's destruction. I am the hurricane that shatters everything along the way and makes an awful mess out of it. Come to think of it. If I wasn't sick, Iris would still be in college and she would be less of a pessimist. If my blood weren't at all abnormal, even with the accident remaining real, Iris wouldn't be so close-minded - making things easier for us. Tears pooled in my eyes. Fuck, no realization had been a tear- jerker to me! I hate what I see in the mirror. That boy was the root of all this. I'm hating him; he ruins everything by his existence. Sorry Iris, I did this to you. ","Summary":" A/N . I own absolutely nothing. This is still in progress. I'm new at this kind of stuff so I'm goi"},{"Movie":"Speak","Title":"Speak Out","Author":"Sammie56","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8989943","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I need to tell someone, someone who will understand exacting what i need them to say. I'm in here can anybody see me? Can anybody help? It throbbing in by mind. The secret is burning through my insides i need to tell. I try to blurt out the words, to make the words roll out of my tongue, but no words come out, but 4 words. Can you help me? ","Summary":" I need to tell someone, someone who will understand exacting what i need them to say. I'm in here c"},{"Movie":"Speak","Title":"I'm okay I'm okay","Author":"Moon-Silver93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6101186","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Melinda Sordino. It seems like a dream you just want to forget. But you can't. It's carved into your memory. But I deny it. It was a dream. A bad dream, but a dream. But if it was only a dream, then why do I get nauseas every time I look at Andy? Was the party just a dream? Because it felt real enough to me. Yes, it was real. Because I remember clearly that I walked the long way home. My feet hurt and I had smaller blisters on them. My clothes torn a few places, and didn't seem to fit my body right. My lipstick all over my chin and cheek. Mascara everywhere from crying. But first of all, the thrusting pain in my vagina. The blood pulsing in it, and the blood pulsing out of it. I don't think that even Rachel would understand. I feel like I have to warn her. But just why should I? She hasn't treated me nicely. She has excluded me from the whole society, in which I was once a part of. But they have shunned me from this club. And I do believe that I resemble the hair-woman. Except the fact that she speaks to other people, and I don't. I would break thoroughly if I did. That's why I don't speak to people. And the reason that they don't speak to me, or accept me into their little cliques is because I ruined everything at the party by calling the police. But I don't believe that anybody would believe me if I told the truth about what happened that night. I don't know why I called the police. I guess, I just needed some protection, something which would comfort me. They showed up. But they didn't help me in any way. And then I didn't want their help. I just wanted to be alone. I won't speak at all. And that worries some people. But I don't really care. My parents don't know, but I've heard their fights. They want me to go to a psychiatrist. But I don't want to. Nothings wrong with me. I just changed a little, and that's it . There's no reason or need to actually jump the gun, now is there? I'm okay… I'm okay… ","Summary":" Melinda Sordino. It seems like a dream you just want to forget. But you can't. It's carved into you"},{"Movie":"Speak","Title":"speak: learning to breathe again","Author":"speaknsleepover","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6726731","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I zip up my pink prom dress. Its beautiful, every sequin like a star plucked straight from the sky and sewn on. I feel proud and ladylike with my sparkly heels. My eyes dont need make up they are naturally lavender through my frailness and lack of sleep; but its getting easier now that... now that he's gone... now that I have friends... \"Mel you ready yet? I really need to straighten my hair?\". Thats my best friend Rachel. She's finally started to forgive me well too understand what I told her about that that monster. All of my friends have... I smile at myself once more convincingly in the mirror. I wipe the remaining tears from my cheeks and smudge in some glitter. my brown hair falls in ringlets tickling my neck and cheek bones. I smile at the crescent moon eyed girl in the mirror. And pick up my mobile from the counter. My screensaver wells the tears again. Its me. Last summer... at my first party... We snuck out, Rachel and me using lots of old bed sheets and stuff tied up together. We left them tied to a branch and then removed our heels so we could run giggling through the dew stained grass to our friend Ivy's car. She wasnt drinking so she said she'd drive us home. I was so excited I gabbled out every thing that came in to my mind. The adrenaline pumped faster and faster. I was finally a teenager, finally going to my senior moment! \"Yeah sure Rach I'll leave the GHD's on for you,\" I flicked the switch on my phone and the smiling photo disappeared replaced with a haunting trace on the black screen, like with the sparklers on July 4th. I held up my skirt and looked in the mirror again. I forced a smile and tried to put a few stars in my eyes for Rach. I was going to keep her and all of our friends company. No one had asked me. They didnt want to scare me after... I unlocked the door and trotted out of the bath room. \"Oh wow Mel you look gorgeous!\" squealed Rach, \" here lets get a picture!\". She grabbed my phone and snapped a shot. Then she pressed the switch and gave it back. She headed to the bath room her make up bag in tow. She was closing the door as my tears began to trail, but she must have forgotten some thing and popped her head around the door. \" Hey mel have u seen my lip gl- oh mel dont cry honey!\". She rushed over to me and hugged me tightly. She grabbed a tissue and dabbed at the drops so as not too disturb my make up. \"I promise you mel a guy so much as touches you tonight I will personally dismember his skull! I'm not gonna let any one hurt you ok and neither are the other girls. Oh come here\", she hugged me again and I laughed. \"Why is it always me crying ey?\" Rach smiled. \"Call me if you need me, I wont be long just need to straighten my hair and add the final perfections\" She pulled a dramatic face and I giggled. Then she closed the door. My smile faded as fastly as it had bloomed. I pressed my phone again. I needed to get used to the fact that my life was not stuck it was moving forward. Maybe slow like hair womans camper fan but moving all the same... The picture of me flashed up on my screen, I was drunk at the time on my second beer, I'd only been drinking because Megan said it was cool and you could dance all night without getting tired. I had thought why not eh? How stupid I'd been - practically Heather! I remembered Andy coming over to me. He told me I was pretty he asked me to dance. He was the hottest guy there and girls were staring at us green with envy. I blushed with pride and agreed. He took my hand leading me to the grassy dance floor beneath the trees strung with fairy lights. After a swig of beer from his bottle he dumped both mine and his drinks in a bush nearby. The alcohol disturbed a flaming torch nearly setting the whole house alight but it missed narrowly and I giggled nervously. He took my hands which I placed around his neck. His arms were warm and around my waste. Then some kids started throwing water balloons from the top windows of the house. They threw them at us and we got soaked. It was fun we were cheering, laughing and me and andy splashed water at one another playfully. I smiled practically nearly snorting with laughter. I was crying with happiness. Andy grinned too the mood was euphoric. He caught my wrist and pulled me in close his warm arms encircling me again in safety. His eyes caught mine and slowly closed as he pressed his mouth to mine. Both of us smiling. The music played louder. His arms swung me up and around like I was lighter than air, both of us smiling in the kiss our eyes closed in the moment. Then he lowered me back to the ground his fingers in my hair even as it rained and the water balloons went on. As the rain stopped our lips parted, His strong arms brought me up like a baby and he carried me in doors despite my delighted protesting where he sat me on the couch grabbed a towel and started to dry my hair. \"I cannot believe...\" I began to speak, but I didnt want to sound stupid so I zipped it quick. \"What?\" Andy crooned over me. \"Nothing...\" I grinned back at his intreuged features. \"Tell me!\" He tickled me still laughing, \" nothing\" I laughed and squirmed. Then I stopped laughing as his eyes caught mine a moment of seriousness abandoning any previous laughter. I could see the battle of what to do in Andys eyes a time bomb tick tick ticking away though I didnt realise my precious time running out at the time. \"Let's go for a drive,\" he said. I looked back nervously I really should tell my friends where I was going. But I'd be safe with Andy they wouldnt mind theyd catch me up later. Andys eyes waited. \"Alright lets go\" I smiled. He beamed radiantly dazzling me with his charm. Then he pulled my wrist and flicked me on to his back galloping me piggy back style to his range rover in the secluded tree's just far enough from the party too still be able too hear the pounding of the too loud blurred boom box. The jeep was left open there was no need to worry about locking your stuff at a crowded party. It was safe, or so I thought... He sat me on the passenger seat, \"Maybe I should tell my friends\" I looked in to his eyes thinking about how good it would be to kiss him again. My lips rubbed together self conciously tasting him. \"Tell your friends that your with me\" he mumbled sarcastically then his eyes met mine again. They seared in to me scolding me and making my heart race faster. His finger brushed back my hair. He leaned in through the open door practically crushing me, pushing me further back on the lowered seat. All I could feel was him and me in the moment... My arms drew him closer his lips moulded moving perfectly in sync with mine. I could feel every line of his body pressed against mine. And he pressed more and more seriously, he began to unbutton my shirt. \"Are you sure you want too?\" He managed to break the kiss for a moment, his eyes still closed as he asked the question. Not understanding I pulled him back just wanting more of the kiss nothing else, \" maybe I should... Maybe I should tell my...\" Andys lips were moving more urgently now as though he was trying to communicate some need too me. \"you know what... no... just no...\" I put both of my hands limply on his chest and pushed hoping he would understand and just move. \"shhhhh shhhhh\" He said stroking the side of my face whilst pushing his mouth back to mine. I exulted in the kiss a few moments more though my hands remained on his chest limp and ready to try and defend again though. His other arm slid up my thigh under my skirt ... sickeningly he was trying to remove... my hands hammered against his chest, he wouldnt move he wouldnt move! I screamed \"get of me ! get the hell get the hell of! NOW! GET OF AHHH SOME ONE... SOME ONE PLEASE P-P-LEASE H-...\" Andy cut me of shoving his hand over my mouth I tried to bite him furiously but this only pleased him. he gave me an evil mocking stare that imprinted on my mind and scarred it. \"shhhhhhhh shhhhh now huh?\" he heaved breathlessly. My eyes were scared large and pleading for freedom but this only made him more evil and determined. My muffled screams and cries for help seemed to amuse him and to encourage him in the wrong way. I felt him unzipping his jeans... he managed to remove my skirt... I screamed I cried out for help but no one heard. \"HHHMMMM! HMMMMMM!SOMEONEHMMMMMM!\", no noone heard and he rammed his awful beer reeking tongue down my throat choking me on my screams as well. I went through this awful humiliating life scarring hell for what seemed like decades crying and trying to beat and kick myself away. But it was no use when he was so much stronger than me. Evenatually his \"sick needs\" were fulfilled. He removed himself from me. Clothed himself and slammed the door. He left me there just left me as though nothing had happened. The pain was excruciating. I cried I covered my eyes not knowing how best to get rid of the fear of the self loathing I felt at myself. I covered my face with my hands and a scream ripped itself madly from my chest. What had I done? Prom wouldnt end that way would it? I mean I know people ... but ... no one had asked me... so ... I didnt even want to think about it! Nothing like that was going to happen and I just had to get over it. I pressed my phone. The photo appeared and I sucked in my breath to stop the already pricking tears. No it wouldnt happen again. I pressed delete. \"Rach, its time to go!\" I stood up and smiled at my reflection in the glass window. I would have a great time with my friends tonight, no boys, no fear and no pain. Tonight was the first night of forever. ","Summary":" I zip up my pink prom dress. Its beautiful, every sequin like a star plucked straight from the sky "},{"Movie":"Speak","Title":"Speak Poem","Author":"Zombiegirl197","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8297750","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Speak Poem A lonely girl Walking down the halls Plagued by nightmares Without a stall A silence that is deafening Where is she crying out Screaming, Yet no one is listening A beast that leers A young heart that fleas The hand paints a tree In a secret place Where she is free Green leaves come And cleanse Bark goes home Giving solace to The pained soul Whose branches begins to grow And as the sunlight falls Upon the little tree The secret is no more So go now and see That the pain still lingers Heart still weeps Eyes still leak But finally She speaks... ","Summary":" Speak Poem A lonely girl Walking down the halls Plagued by nightmares Without a stall A silence tha"},{"Movie":"Speak","Title":"Don't speak","Author":"dog-tooth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6607133","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Speak Why can't I speak? Why won't I speak? I try but my throat hurts and I figure, what's the point? If I speak who's going to listen. Who's going to care? Not my mother. Probably not even my father. And certainly not anyone at school. I'm just known as the girl who squealed. 'The squealer.' At school we're taught that communication is important because to get through life successfully you need to be able to express yourself. Well I can tell you that that's absolute crap. They'll pretend to listen but of course they don't really care. Why would they care about someone so insignificant? Why would they care about someone so weird? They don't. That's the simple answer. If you can understand that then you're set up for life. So instead you should follow my example and keep quiet. Don't tell anyone anything about yourself. Not even your parents. Just don't speak. A/N: Just something short I wrote a while back. ","Summary":" Speak Why can't I speak? Why won't I speak? I try but my throat hurts and I figure, what's the poin"},{"Movie":"Speak","Title":"A little fragile","Author":"lettersfromyou","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5189646","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A little fragile Preface The cold, murky water was rising by the second. My feet were immersed, and my toes began to crinkle up; I hated that feeling. I didn't understand why I was being forced underneath the surface of the water, why my body was shaking or why my mind was collapsing in on itself. Two strong hands were pushing my head down, further down into the darkness. Panic mode settled in. I realised the seriousness of the situation, and it was then that my lungs began to aspire, and I stopped breathing. Startled and breathing heavily, I awoke. My thoughts were spinning around my head, making it even more difficult to concentrate. For some unknown reason, the colours on the walls were changing from a shade of blue, to a solid purple. \"Freaking hell. I am going mad.\" I muttered, beginning to sit up. I had to prop myself up on my elbows before I could go any further; my body ached. Chapter 1 As the sun broke through the blinds; my eyes closed. I couldn't handle the brightness and saturation of the colours. It was no use. Even when I closed my eyes, the colours seemed to worm their way into my head. There was only one option left; get up and face the day. I groaned at the thought, convincing myself I'd rebel against the world, by staying where I was for as long as I wanted to; yet I sat up anyway. Twisting through my bed covers, I found my way onto my feet. \"Ana, breakfast's ready!\" Ugh. That's the annoying sound of my mother's voice; what a sound to wake up to. I trudged down the stairs, acting like a fed up child. \"Mum, could you not shout so loud, I have a headache...\" I mumbled to her, sitting down on by the table, my head in my hands. \"I have to. If I don't, you don't get up. Simple\" She replied cheerily. I had to give it to her, for a single mum with a 'problem child' she didn't look at the bad side of life. \"Anyway, it's your first day at your new school today\" She grinned at me, one of those smiles that stretched from ear to ear. \"I'm not going\" I mumbled again. I seemed to be mumbling a lot to day- then again, that's what I do. \"What?\" She asked with disbelief in her voice. I didn't want to make her unhappy, but I did not want to go. \"I'm not going\" I repeated, slowing it down for her benefit. I couldn't handle school, not after last time... She leant in, looking me in the eye; I flinched back. \"You are going. After everything you've put me through, how dare you tell me you're not going\" \"Oh, not this again! \" I said louder, now on my feet. \"We moved because YOU wanted to, not me. It's not my fault what happened, not my fault you're boyfriend was a psycho and tried drowning me! \" I was screaming now, the anger built up from my past was just falling out now. ","Summary":" A little fragile Preface The cold, murky water was rising by the second. My feet were immersed, and"},{"Movie":"Speak","Title":"Broken Doll","Author":"Mrs Bellamy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6891556","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Título: Broken Doll. Fandom: Speak. Disclaimer: La trama es mía; los personajes, obviamente, no. Claim: Melinda. Rated: T. Summary: Deslizó de nuevo el lápiz sobre los labios rojizos que ella misma había dibujado y los cosió de forma sutil, como quien repone una muñeca de trapo. Broken Doll. «Breathe it in deep, don't speak don't say a word; just savoring. » Melinda se encontraba deslizando el lápiz del número dos sobre la hoja en blanco, y posiblemente, si hubiese encontrado la forma de dibujar el dolor, o el deseo de morir, lo hubiese hecho. En la soledad de su habitación de color de rosa —al contrario que su vida—, sentía como su alrededor se derruía en silencio mientras ella no hacía otra cosa que lamentarse; tampoco es que pudiese hacer algo más. Sí, su rutina y su día a día se estaban destruyendo a la misma velocidad vertiginosa con la que la destruyeron a ella, quien ahora no era más que el fantasma de Sordino, pero sin su alma. Porque esta, obvia y lamentablemente, había quedado destrozada. Melinda dirigió de nuevo su mirada al papel, e inconscientemente, dibujó una sonrisa en unos labios rojos y saludablemente carnosos. Deseó que fuesen los suyos; ella ya no sonreía. Movió sus dedos índice y pulgar, y franqueó los labios con unas acaloradas mejillas, y unos ojos brillantes. Frunció el ceño. Le gustaría tener esa mirada feliz y socarrona, también. Sintió envidia hacia su propio dibujo cuando le añadió una espesa mata de cabello rubio, y le moldeó un cuerpo voluptuoso. Le recordaba a Rachel, sin embargo. Siempre le hubiese gustado ser ella. A Rachel nunca le hubiese sucedido algo así, ella era lo suficientemente fuerte y desinhibida para enfrentarse a cualquier persona. Incluso a Andy. Observó de nuevo el papel. El prototipo de mujer ideal parecía devolverle la mirada desde el papel, mofándose de ella como los demás lo hacían. Melinda creyó oír en ese instante el tañido de los insultos bajo la cama, incluso; como si los hubiese invocado. Además, la chica esbelta también parecía reírse de su creadora, atusándose la melena con los dedos finos y delgados que esta misma había creado. Aferró de nuevo el lápiz, con más fuerza aún, y lo hundió en el papel. La punta afilada rasgó el pecho proporcionado de la Rachel del dibujo. Recorrió las entrañas de su creación con brusquedad, y se sació cuando la mina rasgó desde el cuello hasta la entrepierna de la chica. Por unos instantes, el vestido ceñido del dibujo pareció convertirse en un uniforme de fútbol americano, al menos en su mente. Continuó sádicamente con la desmembración de la chica de su dibujo, y distribuyó líneas y heridas sangrientas en toda la longitud de las piernas voluminosas. Por extraño que pareciese su rostro estaba tranquilo. No había expresión facial ni lágrimas en los ojos. Su dibujo había acabado tan destrozado como ella misma. Rachel había desaparecido, ya solo veía el minúsculo y escaso rastro de la Melinda que antes fue. A ella también la hirieron de gravedad. Con cuidado, deslizó de nuevo el lápiz sobre los labios rojizos que ella misma había dibujado, ahora desgarrados y sin forma, y los cosió de forma sutil, como quien repone una muñeca de trapo. Cosió los ojos con un hilo imaginario y trató de imaginar que se trataba de sí misma; así no podría ver como todo se hundía a su alrededor. Con un último trazo, deslizó la mina de nuevo sobre la desbordante herida que crecía en el pecho de su dibujo, de su retrato. Lo reparó, como si así lo hiciese también con el suyo propio. Como si pretendiese unir unas piezas que, hacía demasiado tiempo, habían desencajado. Creo que es la primera vez que quedo contenta con alguno de mis trabajos. Melinda me encanta, sinceramente. Ella tiene esa magia rompedora y silenciosa que me vuelve completamente loca; incluso aunque la pobre esté totalmente destrozada por dentro. ~¿Reviews? ","Summary":" Título: Broken Doll. Fandom: Speak. Disclaimer: La trama es mía; los personajes, obviamente, no. Cl"},{"Movie":"Bad Boys","Title":"My badboy","Author":"rinsharin09","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12733772","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Angélica Amorim atau lebih dikenal dengan Ica, gadis berparas cantik berdarah Portugis ini mendapat tugas untuk menjaga gerbang pada hari senin ini. Bersama anggota OSIS lainnya, ia berdiri sambil membawa buku catatan yang berisi nama-nama siswa yang terlambat. Dari kejauhan terlihat seorang laki-laki mengendarai motor sport hitamnya dengan santai. Sudah bisa ditebak, pasti itu Lai Guanlin. Siapa yang tidak kenal Lai Guanlin? Badboy SMA 101 yang sangat ditakuti dan disegani. Bahkan di luar sekolah sekalipun. \"STOOPP!!\" Cegah Ica saat Guanlin hendak menerobos masuk gerbang. Guanlin berhenti dan membuka kaca helmnya. \"Apa sih lo? Sana minggir gue mau masuk!\" Ucap Guanlin. Ica melihat ke arah jam tangannya sejenak lalu kembali pada Guanlin. \"Telat 15 menit, Lai Guanlin.\" Guanlin menghela nafas kasar. \"Yaudah cepet! Apa hukumannya?\" Tanya Guanlin dingin. Ica menoleh ke arah teman-teman satu organisasinya. \"Sya, Guanlin dikasih hukuman apa?\" Tanya Ica ke salah satu temannya, Nasya. \"Serah lo, Ca. Itu kan bagian lo, bagian gue belakang tuh masih banyak.\" Jawab Nasya. \"oh oke! Lin, parkirin motor lo. Abis itu ikut gue.\" TBC ","Summary":" Angélica Amorim atau lebih dikenal dengan Ica, gadis berparas cantik berdarah Portugis ini mendapat"},{"Movie":"Bad Boys","Title":"My dream of freedom","Author":"Mimiminha","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12425093","Passage":"[Chapter 1] nxkdbd jxudbkxi ","Summary":" nxkdbd jxudbkxi"},{"Movie":"Bad Boys","Title":"One Direction Fan Fic Part One","Author":"Forever.Young13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7126856","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One direction fan fiction. Chapter one! Just to let you know about the story, one direction are famous in it, and all of the boys are in it, but Harry is like the main character. The main girl character is called Emma, and there is quite a few other characters which will be in the story now and then. Once you've read the fan fic, please please please review it, I wound really appreciate it ok, enjoy! EMMA'S POV It was the last day of the year at school, and everyone was really excited to having six weeks off! I got up out of my bed and got changed into make jack wills shirt and Topshop jeans with some gladiator sandals and headed downstairs. Half an hour later, I left my house and went to meet my best friend Bethany next door. We greeted eachother and started walking to school... ' so are you going on holiday this summer?' Beth asked me. 'Nope..' I replied, ' its gonna be a boring summer without you here Beth!' Bethany was going away to Australia for most of the summer, and she was going with her boyfriend Nathan. ' aww, I'll miss you!' she said to me whilst hugging me, 'aw i will miss ya aswell' I said to her. When we got to school, we rushed over to our other friends, Lizzie Jessica and Amber. All we wanted to talk about was the summer. So we went to sit on the field before form registration. ' so what do you wanna do in the holiday then guys?' Amber asked. 'I've only got one thing in mind...MEETING ONE DIRECTION!' I said, and everyone agreed. We all were massive fans of one direction, apart from Beth, she preferred the wanted. ' Oh my god yes Erica we have to meet them! Oh my god isn't Liam just lush!' said Amber. ' Not as lush as Harry' I said to her, and winked. She laughed. Lizzie's favourite member of one direction was Zayn, and Jessica was actually in love with Niall. All she would talk about was him. It was good that we all had a different favourite member in a way, because we always talked about all of the boys, we weren't just fans of one certain member. The last day of term passed really quickly, and everyone was pleased it was over! Unfortuately, Beth had to leave for Australia straight away, so we all said our goodbyes and headed to nando's afterwards, which was our favourite place. We all had ordered our food so we all sat down and started to chat. All Lizzie could go on about was her new boyfriend Jay, which was kind of annoying, but because she was one of my best mates I just ignored it. I got out my iphone and went onto twitter. I noticed on my timeline a tweet from 1D updates: One direction are seen at Kensington park a minute ago. If you're near there, head down there, got a feeling they will be there for a while. 'Oh my god guys, one direction are in Kensington park, we have to go there!' I squealed. All the girls agreed with me in unison. We all quickly ate our food and left Nando's. When we got to the park, we could not see one direction anywhere. 'where are they?' I questioned.' Maybe they have left' Jessica said sadly. We were all really disheartened, until we saw 5 boys approaching the football pitch at the park. 'THATS THEM' lizzie shouted and ran towards them. Oh my god, she was proper fangirling. Anyway, us 3 could see her chatting to the boys in the distance, and then we saw her pointing towards us. We all gave little waves, and then went over. ' Hi!' said all of the boys. Lizzie Jessica and Amber were really confident, and started talking to Zayn Liam and Niall, and Louis chatted to them too. I was really shy, and didn't start talking to Harry. I stood there feeling really awkward for a while. Then Harry walked up to me and said ' Hi ...and you are?' he said, giving a cheeky smile. I nearly melted when he did that, but I tried to look confident. ' Hiya I'm Erica. Oh my god Im so pleased to meet you! I have been waiting for this day for ages!' I was starting to act like a fangirl, so I calmed down a bit. Harry found it funny though. I said to him ' so what brings you to Kensington then Styles?' 'oh we're here recording. Its a lovely place..some good looking girls here to' he said, winking at me. I blushed at this comment, and he giggled. ' Im really sorry but us lads have gotta head back soon. But can I take your number, cos I have lost mine you see?' He said cheekily. ' Oh Harry you cheesy thing! Ok, if you must' I replied, winking at him. I handed over my number. ' Thankyou...see you soon beautiful.' And then the boys left...leaving as 4 girls gawping and so shocked about what just happened! Sorry that this part is quite long, and a bit boring, but I had to kinda do an introduction so there was a better storyline. One direction will be in the fan fic a lot more that they were in this chapter, don't worry. Thanks for reading, and please review this! I would be so grateful...Next part should be up by Sunday xx ","Summary":" One direction fan fiction. Chapter one! Just to let you know about the story, one direction are fam"},{"Movie":"Bad Boys","Title":"The Day Trip Series (Novel)","Author":"stephenc384","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12506976","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey all, my name is Stephen I am from the UK. I have recently had published my action adventure novel for all readers aged 14+. It is called The Day Trip, it is book one of four. I am very grateful to Black Rose Writing in the USA who have traditionally published my book and kept the story as I wrote it. So many thanks to Black Rose Writing. I am known as one of their cinematic writers, I write at a fast pace and keep the story flowing. The Day Trip is about a small group of American High School Pupils who are on a trip to Manhattan with their senior year group. While visiting the city an alien task force who landed the night before landed in New York begin an invasion. From there it is a fight for survival. Bradley Harrison is the lead character, him and a small group must fight their way through Manhattan to an evacuation point which has been set up by the US military and national guard. But the girl who he loves is kidnapped by the invaders and Bradley is determined to get her back. That's all I am going to say. So below I have put Chapter One, and the intro to Chapter Two in for you to read and come to an understanding of my literature and the way I describe a scene in my own wording. Many people ask me how I put scenes together, and the answer to that is \"music\". When I am writing a specific scene to any of my books I switch the music over. Mainly film soundtracks. Resident Evil is a brilliant series I use when writing. Anyway enough of me chatting now. The Day Trip is the name of my book, it will not let me leave a URL lik. Please, please, please do not buy \"The Field Trip\" that is being sold illegally with another company that has shut down. Also I love connecting with my readers, below is my author page and twitter names. I hope you enjoy reading The Day Trip, my publishers are doing a 99p / $1.28 sale on Amazon Kindle right now. Many thanks again (Contact me I don't bite) S W Cheshire Chapter 1 A green, five-foot- six tall Armazoid named Gremlon stared out the front of his dropship window. He was an average interstellar pilot away from home on a ship mainly used for troop transport. Moderate sized and dull, the ship had two atomic engines at the back capable of propelling them through universe quicker than the blink of our eye. They were on Planet Sygonia, which is approximately eight point nine trillion light years from Planet Earth—very far away. \"Where are they?\" Gremlon snapped. \"They should have called in by now.\" The situation was tense. Comlon, his co-pilot, looked onto the radio stand on the avionics compartment of the ship waiting for the call. Ibregorg, the only other crewman aboard, looked pointlessly into the foliage for anything that could appear and pose a threat to their position. The dense shrubs surrounding the ship made it hard to see into the distance. \" This is Strike Force One calling Armazon three-one-six.\" Gremlon jumped to attention and saw Comlon sit straighter in his chair. \"That's them,\" Gremlon yelped. \"Answer it!\" \"Go ahead, Strike Force One,\" Comlon stated. \"What is your status and estimated time of arrival?\" There was a short pause. \" ETA four minutes, Armazon three one six.\" \"Power up!\" Gremlon said. \"We are out of here.\" Comlon fired up the atomic engines, and three minutes later watched as the strike force team came from the huge shrubs and bushes, chased by the tribal inhabitants of Sygonia. The gangplank was down—all the troops had to do was run fast and get on board. Alas, they were being shot down one by one by the vengeful Sygonians. Gremlon watched as the sprinting group slowly dwindled as they got closer and closer to the awaiting dropship, the foliage around them swaying with the force from the engines. He stared in disbelief. Colleagues he had known for years were perishing right in front of him. Nowhere in the universe had they come up against such an invincible force of creatures. Apparently, the Armazoids couldn't contend with their tribal nature and ability to unite and strategize. \"Come on!\" Gremlon gasped. \"Come on!\" Only one Armazoid from the strike force remained. He sprinted out towards the safety of the dropship, grasping the weapon he did not have time to recharge and use. Gremlon watched as this last remaining member of the strike team was shot in the back. The body froze, as the blood from his body ran out of his back. Eyes wide open, staring at the Armazoid Dropship, he slammed into the ground, knees first. Gremlon started running towards him. \"Cover me!\" he shouted over his shoulder. \"What?\" Comlon gasped. \"We haven't got time.\" Comlon watched as Gremlon dived out the back of the ship. Comlon had his back and opened fire onto the incoming Sygonians—there was no comrades left standing that he could possibly hit—while Gremlon dove onto the ground near the soldier. The soldier was panting from pain. His voice almost a whisper, he said, \"It is in my pouch.\" Gremlon knew he wasn't going to make it. He pulled a small disk out the pouch of his dying comrade. He looked down as the green blood ran out of the body. He didn't have the time to say goodbye, which added to the anger he felt. \" Gremlon! \" Comlon screamed at the top of his voice. Gremlon leapt up, sprinting back to open hanger of the dropship. He and Comlon shut the hanger door and ran to the control room. The atomic engines were at full power and ready to roll. Gremlon grabbed onto the stick in front of him, lifting the ship of the ground. He pushed the two power throttles forward. \"Hold on!\" he screamed. The nose of the dropship leveled out as it reached cruising altitude. He looked down at the blips on the radar, showing several dots following their own. The Sygonian ships were chasing after them. \"Get the burners on,\" Gremlon yelled. \"They are right behind us!\" \"Won't be a minute,\" Comlon replied. \"They're still powering up.\" Gremlon looked down onto the computer screen. The rays from the chasing Sygonian ships fired onto them as they powered away from the planet. He tried to dodge them. \"Ready!\" Comlon yelled. But before he could activate them, one of the rays hit the engines. There was a small explosion at the back, but the dropship continued to move upwards. Gremlon looked down at his screen as the afterburners continued to fire up. Finally, a blue ray zoomed from the back, blasting the ship forward—luckily they were still working. The Sygonian spaceships could only watch as the Armazoids craft disappeared into the depths of space. Gremlon lay back in his seat as the silver light of the stars passed the main front window. \"That was close,\" he said, relieved. \"You guys okay?\" The two Armazoids nodded, stunned by the sudden fire fight they had just got into. They were lucky to be alive. \"Let's assess the damage,\" Gremlon ordered. \"To see if we can make it back to base with this data.\" Comlon and Ibregorg stood up to take stock of the state of their ship. Gremlon stayed on the helm, but looked up when his two crew-men came back quickly. \"It should be okay until we get back to the ship,\" Comlon said. \"Hopefully.\" He sat down in the co-pilot seat of the dropship and looked out as they sped through the galaxy. He noticed a huge yellow star in the center of their present galaxy. \"How far have we travelled?\" he asked. \"About seven point nine trillion,\" Gremlon replied. \"All that for this!\" Comlon said remorsefully, gesturing to the small disk with the valuable data in Gremlon's hand. \"I knew Iennae and Blapau for years. It should have been me on that raid.\" \" Hey,\" Gremlon snapped, looking Comlon straight in the eyes. Comlon looked at Gremlon, his eyes wide. \"Don't you ever let me hear you say that again,\" Gremlon yelled. \"Those two signed up to defend our motherland, our home, our Armazon. Their deaths will not be in vain, I can promise you that!\" The back of the dropship went unusually quiet. Suddenly, an explosion from the back rocked the ship. The nose of the ship lowered. Gremlon grabbed onto the stick, pulling back. It was a struggle, but it pulled out. Alarms were screaming at him to act. \"Now what?\" Comlon asked. Gremlon looked up at his computer. He watched as the left atomic engine started to shut down. They would never be able to make it to the mother ship. Light smoke started entering the cabin of the ship. There was a sudden surge. He continued looking at his computer as both the engines flared up. \"Declare an emergency,\" Gremlon said. The ship started to slow down as Comlon switched on the radio. On the main ship still light years from them, Circo, the leader of the first attack force, stood in the control room, trillions of miles away. \" This is Comlon,\" the radio mumbled. Circo stormed over to it. The signal was weak. \"Comlon, this is Circo. Can you hear me?\" he asked. There was a short break. \"Yes, only just,\" Comlon replied. \"We have been hit and are unable to reach base.\" \"Comlon—\" started Circo. The radio went completely dead. Gremlon looked up as the smoke filling the cockpit grew thicker. The radio was dead, and the ship had sustained too much damage. He scanned the radar, looking for a place or a planet to ditch the craft. Sparks flew out of the radio. But something caught Gremlon's eye as the ship banked to the left. He saw a medium-sized planet coming into view. He stared through the windshield at the lumps of blue and a funny looking green color that covered the planet. It was their only option. \"There,\" he yelled. \"There!\" \"I heard you the first time,\" Comlon replied. Gremlon was pointing at Planet Earth. He looked at the curious planet as it grew in their view screens. He turned the ship and headed directly towards it. Sparks continued to rain down from the ceiling as the instruments and system gauges started to fail one after the other. The planet filled their view as they continued to slow down with the loss of engine power. The nose of the ship heated up as they entered the planet's atmosphere. Gremlon pulled the control stick back, straining the craft's hydraulic system to try to slow the descent. The two other Armazoids could only sit and watch as the flames sped over the ship, adding to the heat from the burning engines, and the craft gently rocked from side to side. The orange flames and plasma trails disappeared from the ship. Dense, jet-black smoke poured from the back of the engine. Comlon looked out of the window as they continued quickly dropping from the sky. \"What is this place?\" Gremlon demanded. \"I, I don't know,\" Comlon replied. \"How high are we?\" Gremlon asked. \"We are just over five thousand feet above it. We've got maybe two minutes of glide time before we crash,\" Comlon replied. Something else caught Gremlon's eyes. He looked to his left to see two black jets pulling up next to them as they continued descending towards the ground. \"What the hell are they?\" Gremlon asked. The two other Armazoids walked up to the window and looked out as the ground continued to get closer and closer. One of the black jets pulled in front of the dropship, gently rocking its wings. Gremlon followed the black jet over the land. He looked out to see a long strip in front of them, approaching as they passed through five thousand feet. \"Sit down,\" Gremlon ordered. \"This is going to be rough this landing.\" The two other Armazoids sat down as Gremlon reached out and pulled down the landing gear lever. The landing gear came down as the airstrip came closer and closer to them. The wind drag it created helped slow the ship for the landing. The two black jets continued accompanying them towards the threshold of the runway as they descended. Gremlon grasped hold of the control stick and pulled the nose up as the back gear slammed into the ground. The black fumes continued piling out of the aircraft. The speed brakes opened on the top of the wings as the nose gear touched down onto the runway of the huge military airstrip. The end of the runway was getting near, and the dropship had started to slow down, but they were still going too fast. Gremlon felt the nose wheel start to creak. He held on tight as it touched down, skidding along the rest of the runway. The scraping echoed around the cabin as the ship. Luckily it helped to slow them down to a stop. The onlookers at a military base in Yenisei in northern Russia, around 300 miles from the Siberian border, gawked as the alien spacecraft stood on the runway, nose gear collapsed. No signs of life could be seen. Gremlon slowly lifted his head up and peeked out of the window, which already had a dusting of snow settling on it. He didn't know what to expect. The life forms slowly started walking towards them, armed well. \"What the hell are those things?\" he asked in a shocked and confused voice. Comlon walked to the front of the ship. Still shaken from the crash, he stared at the gray uniforms and wide hats. The weather outside was freezing, and snow started to obstruct the view of the beings moving toward them. Gremlon pulled himself together. \"Prepare to disembark—now!\" Gremlon ordered. As the Armazoids prepared to leave the ship, the life forms completely surrounded them. Gremlon looked down at his computer. He pushed the tiny emergency button, which signaled their location to the mother ship light years away from their current position. He also took the time to assess the area outside him via his computer readouts. They reported very high levels of carbon dioxide and very low temperatures. \"Suits,\" he ordered. \"Carbon dioxide out there and lots of it.\" \"We're going out there?\" Comlon asked in a shocked voice \"Got a better idea?\" Gremlon replied, looking into his eyes The group got into their suits, looking at one another apprehensively as they prepared to go outside. \"Hide the data,\" Gremlon ordered, waving the disk in Comlon's face. \"What?\" Comlon asked. \"Just do it.\" Comlon took the disk and hid it in a flap under the floor. They armed themselves, ready to fight to the death. Gremlon looked at his two comrades as he pulled the red lever. The bay doors slowly hissed open. The smoke poured in from the outside. It was extremely cold. \"Here goes,\" Gremlon said. Gremlon walked out first, uncertain of what to do first. There was another group of natives approaching dressed all in white. \"What do we do?\" Comlon frantically whispered to Gremlon, clearly panicking. Gremlon didn't say a word. \"Now!\" Comlon yelled. \"Wait,\" Gremlon shrieked, trying to prevent the fight. Comlon fired onto the men, followed closely by Ibregorg. Their purple rays zapped through the air, mostly slamming harmlessly into the snow, but one hit a man dressed in gray. The men in gray began to run and shout, finding cover and firing back at the Armazoids. \"Shit,\" Gremlon yelled as he dove behind the ships's cargo door. He watched from his position of relative safety as Comlon and Ibregorg, his only two remaining crewmen, fell to the ground, riddled with bullets. He knew he would have to surrender, but the fate of Planet Armazon rested in his hands and on that disk. Gremlon dropped his weapon onto the floor. He stood up slowly, looking at the people as they walked slowly towards him, clutching their weapons. Two of the men placed him in a strong plastic bag. Gremlon felt his body being tightly compressed as he was lifted and placed on a metal table. He struggled to get out but the straps were too tight. He trembled as he wondered where on earth he was going. Volkov Radoslav, the Russian Premier, woke to a banging on his door. His eyes slowly opened to the heavy knocks. His head burned from the warmth of the heaters. He sat up slowly and rubbed his eyes. He got out of the bed and walked across the red carpet toward the front door of his room. He found himself looking at his assistant, Stanislav. \"Sorry to wake you, sir, but there has been an incident,\" Stanislav said quietly. Volkov paused for a long moment before speaking. \"Okay. A minute please.\" He dressed slowly, wondering what on earth had happened for him to be woken up so early in the morning. The sun had started to come up over the horizon of Moscow. Volkov walked out of his bedroom and down to his office. He sat down as three of his military top generals waited to speak to him. He looked at his white coffee cup on his desk as he sat down and noticed the lack of steam. \"Okay, bring me up to speed on the situation,\" Volkov demanded. One of the generals stepped forward. \"Sir,\" he said quietly, \"an alien spacecraft has crashed at our Yenisei air base.\" Volkov didn't say a word. He wondered if he was still asleep and if this was just a dream running through his head. \"An alien spacecraft,\" he repeated. \"Yes, sir. Crash-landed a few hours ago. We only just got the message.\" There was a silence in his office. He looked up at the clock. \"Did anyone see what damaged the ship?\" he asked. \"No, sir,\" his general said. \"It flew in from the north already smoking and crashed at our air force base there. We managed to guide it in.\" \"Did any living thing emerge from the craft?\" Volkov asked. \"Yes sir,\" The general replied. \"Three of them.\" \"Did they offer any resistance?\" Volkov asked. \"Yes. Two were shot and we have one at Area 52,\" the general said. \"Has he tried any type of communication with you?\" Volkov asked. \"No, sir,\" his general replied, \"but we are working at it.\" \"Okay,\" Volkov said. \"I want a media blackout on this. No one is to know—only us.\" \"Understood, sir.\" Chapter 2 Three months later. If you asked Bradley Harrison to write about himself and what was important to him, this is what he would say: We used to be the typical boys, running around with toy guns, shooting at enemies and, of course, not to forget the aliens. You know what I mean. So we had the practice. Who was to know that one day all that pissing around would have been needed on a normal day like today. My name is Bradley. Bradley Harrison. I'm your average, everyday teenager. Love women and have my mind on one thing only. You guessed it: gun clubs and martial arts. Of course, you know what else I mean. I was born on the 2nd August 19.99. So nearly eighteen. Let me introduce you to some of my friends, and to make things better, the enemies too, who are going to have a different view of me after today. Meet Kevin, my longest running and most loyal friend. I have known him since kindergarten. He has a great brother called Will who has joined the US Army. Then we have Max. Nice guy, the best sniper shooting at the local gun club. He has had more bull's eyes than I have had hot dinners. And of course we leave the best man till last. Meet Eric. Yes, Eric. Mind you, Eric did help us out a lot when the Armazoids were invading, but he isn't the sharpest tool in the toolbox. But we all love him very much. Now to the others. Kate is my childhood sweetheart, and Lisa is Kevin's. To this very day we are trying to get in their pants. I didn't just say that, did I? But haven't had much luck since—well, you get what I mean. Now to the fun people. Ms. Hogan, our form tutor. Has had it in for me ever since I started high school. I don't know it's one of those things, but she has a little side-kick named Colin. If I said boo to a goose he would tell her. So there you have it. However, a normal day trip to the Big Apple is going to change the way they viewed life as they saw it. The Day Trip Stephen Cheshire Twitter: S_W_Cheshire Instagram S_W_Cheshire Facebook Author Stephen W Cheshire ","Summary":" Hey all, my name is Stephen I am from the UK. I have recently had published my action adventure nov"},{"Movie":"Bad Boys","Title":"Just You","Author":"kimyee","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12649925","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue Motor besar berwarna hitam itu melaju cepat membelah jalanan kota. Meliuk-liuk di antara kendaran-kendaraan lainnya. Derum mesin semakin terdengar saat pengendara menambah kecepatannya. Mengejar waktu yang semakin menipis. Namun, begitu berbelok di persimpangan jalan, Jeon Jungkook dengan sekuat tenaganya menarik rem. Berusaha untuk menghentikan laju motornya sekaligus hingga membuat decitan nyaring saat manik matanya menangkap seorang gadis yang tiba-tiba melemparkan diri ke jalanan. Shit! Di balik helm yang menutupi hampir seluruh wajahnya, Jungkook mengumpat pelan. Dilihatnya gadis itu berusaha membersihkan seragamnya dari debu dan sesekali meringis, merasakan nyeri akibat bergesekan dengan kerasnya aspal. Merasa jika sudah banyak waktu yang terbuang sia-sia, Jungkook membunyikan klakson motornya. Menyuruh gadis itu untuk tidak menghalangi jalannya. Dan bukannya menepi, gadis itu malah datang mendekatinya. \"Mas pasti merasa bersalah 'kan hampir nabrak saya?\" gadis itu bertanya begitu dirinya tepat berdiri di samping Jungkook. \"Saya tidak akan nuntut mas buat minta maaf, kok. Tenang saja.\" Kedua alis Jungkook saling bertautan, dan menatap gadis itu bingung. Sadar jika saat ini waktu yang ia punya semakin sempit, Jungkook berniat untuk tancap gas tanpa memperdulikan gadis itu. Dan sebelum hal itu terlaksana, gadis itu sudah lebih dulu mengejutkannya dengan naik ke atas motornya. \"Yang perlu mas lakukan hanya mengantar saya ke Bighit High School. Ayo, saya udah telat,\" ujarnya seraya menepuk-nepuk pundak Jungkook. Malas berdebat, terlebih mereka berdua sudah terlambat untuk datang tepat waktu, Jungkook segera melajukan motor besarnya tanpa mengatakan apapun. Selama dalam perjalanan, Jungkook harus menahan diri untuk tidak melempar gadis itu dari atas motornya karena sudah merecoki indera pendengarannya dengan suara jeritan yang melengking. -To Be Continue- A/N Menurut kalian cerita ini bagaimana? Ini cerita pertama yang aku buat dan juga aku pertama kali publish di sini. Jadi, maafkan bila masih banyak typo yang bertebaran. Masih labil. So, jangan heran jika ini cerita tiba-tiba ngilang gitu aja. Terlebih kalau ide buat nerusin mentok dan feel cerita hilang, jadi makin ngerasa kalau cerita yang aku bikin itu super duper gaje. Gak Jelas. Intinya cuma mau bilang, vote sama komen kalian itu menentukan semangat aku buat lanjutin ceritanya. Sekian. ","Summary":" Prologue Motor besar berwarna hitam itu melaju cepat membelah jalanan kota. Meliuk-liuk di antara k"},{"Movie":"Speak","Title":"It Felt Like Flying","Author":"Rosecrystals","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8209205","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It Felt Like Flying Chapter I Real When I was a child my parents used to take me apple picking every autumn. I loved the crisp cool air against my skin, the weight of the straw basket as it hung from my wrist. But most of all I loved it when my father held me up so I could reach the apples. When I was little I always had dreams I could fly and when he held me up under the canopy of green I felt like gravity was non-existent. Autumn was the only time that the prospect of flying wasn't trapped in a fairytale's pages. It was real. Beautiful was real. Perfect was real. Happiness was real. Everything that I wanted to be real… was real. But real is not a fairytale. It's not a movie and you can't turn put it on pause or turn off the TV when you get tired of it. You can't control real. And real doesn't go away. When I was fourteen me and my friends decided to go to a party the summer before high school. My first party. It was a rite of passage I caught in the movies from time to time. This forbidden, thrilling thing. And there would be cute boys there and maybe I'd even get my first taste of beer. It was such a new thing. It would mark my official ascent into adulthood. I curled my hair and stole my mom's make-up and first the first time I felt like a young woman instead of an awkward, gangly girl. I loved the way my lashes curled away like little feathers from my green eyes and the way the lip gloss looked over my lips. I always thought I had a boy's lips, thin and unattractive. Kind of like lines kids drew on their oversized stick figure heads. You couldn't even call them lips. But the lip gloss made them look full. It felt good to feel pretty. It felt like I was up in my childhood apple tree, my legs dangling in empty air. That orchard was all I thought about as my friend's older sister drove us to the party. The cool air coming in from the rolled down windows reminded me of autumn and I could almost smell fresh baked apples. I had a feeling in my chest that tonight was going to be amazing. A defining moment in my life. And that feeling built up behind my ribs until there was too much pressure in my chest and I had to let it out somehow. I rolled the window down all the way and stuck my body out, my hands gripping the car door. I screamed and it felt like flying. Flying was real. I… But real was also the sound of my muffled screams against Andy Evan's hand. Real was the pressure of his body crushing mine. Real was the sharp, raw feeling between my leg's as Andy forced his way inside me. Real was the blood I could feel dripping down my inner thighs. I didn't even wipe the cum off my panties. I just ran. I ran and for the first time in my life cool air felt like knives against my skin. Flying had been real. But what I had forgotten about flying was that you could never fly forever. Eventually you had to fall. For the first time in my life falling was real. Real wasn't beautiful. Real was not perfect. Real was not happiness. And everything I didn't want to be real was real.[Chapter 2] A/N: Alright. Just putting some stuff out there. This fic for some reason is really difficult for me to write. Maybe because Melinda reminds me too much of myself and it's just hitting too close to home. For anyone who has favorited this story or who plans to read it, please review. I don't care how long or short. I learned my lesson writing a 73 chapter story on this site and just passing out chapters like they were free. And I think that worked against my favor. So if you want me to continue, please review. I know there are people who think you're a sell-out if you ask for reviews, but I take my writing seriously and I work hard. I deserve a 'good-job' or 'maybe you can improve on this a bit'. All I'm asking is for ONE review per chapter. And not by the same person over and over again. If that happens I'll send them the chapters by email and stop updating on the site. Please, please review. And Joanjett77, thank you for doing your part! I appreciate the review. :D Onto the story… x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x -xxx September 15, 2004 xxx- I had never felt perfect. Who does, right? But as I walked the halls the first week of high school even imperfect was out of the question. I barely felt human. They squealed like angry pigs until I felt like I'd throw up my guts. My skin tingled, and my face burned. My eyes burned. They burned with the tears I refused to let fall. And my head hurt with the brain hemorrhage I knew was hiding in there somewhere. I… Someone threw food at me yesterday. Another one shoved past me in the hallway. I didn't mean to get them in trouble. I was scared, okay? Don't they teach you to call out for help if you're in trouble? Wasn't I in trouble? -xxx November 09, 2004 xxx - There are moments when I feel…not safe. It sounds over-dramatic. But you should see the way they look at me sometimes. It's past mocking. Sometimes I look up and catch someone's stare. Their eyes are so hateful. It looks like they wish I would just go away. Not like away. I mean, stop existing. Sometimes if I don't run to my mom's car after school is done quite fast enough I feel like someone will grab me. I feel like I'm going to end up in a dump somewhere, cut up in little pieces. Or maybe in the reservoir outside of town. Sometimes I silently thank God Andy didn't kill me that night. He could have. With all the loud music at the party; nobody would hear me scream. But then sometimes I wish he had. I can't eat. I can't sleep. When before my life has been filled with maybe's and can's, now it's filled with can-not's. I wanna scream. Climb some infinitely tall mountain and scream until I vomit my own blood. I can't breathe. For hours. Shallow little breaths puff out from my lungs but I feel like I'm not getting enough air. And I'm not using some cheesy metaphor. I literally can't breathe. I'm waiting. It's all I ever do. I'm waiting for to someone to hurt me just enough to kill me. I'm waiting until I don't wake up anymore. I'm waiting for it to all end. Am I going to wait for forever?[Chapter 3] A/N: Hello! I got some reviews, yay! Thanks so much. Thanks JoanJett77, wenwen, and BerryEbilBunny. You guys are awesome! Hope you're all having good summers. x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x- Chapter 3 Am I alive? Just a little bit longer. That's what the voice inside my head says looking at the January calendar on my bedroom wall. Just a couple more months and it''ll be summer and you won't have to be afraid of walking through the hallways. Where you won't have to keep your head down at all and pretend you're invisible. It feels good to feel invisible. If they can't see you, they can't hurt you, right? They still see me. I don't eat in the lunch room. I take the long way to my classes. They still see me. I got to class today and the first thing I saw scratched on my desk in pen was all capital letters that spelled SQUEALER. And then \"pigs get sent to the slaughter.\" The color rose on my cheeks furiously and when I lifted my head I heard some hyena-like laughing coming from the back of the classroom. I sank in my seat a bit. I felt someone's stare and looked over. Rachel, the girl who used to one of my best friends, was staring at me. She'd been giving me that look since the beginning of the school year. I just couldn't understand. Hadn't she punished me enough by refusing to talk to me? Hadn't they all punished me enough? Today when I ran to my mom's car it wasn't because I was afraid. Now it was just to be able to feel my heart beat in my chest. Sometimes I felt like it wasn't there. I'd get so disconnected and numb that I'd feel my breaths slow so much and the blood drain out of my face to such an extent that I felt barely alive. I'm alive I whispered as I ran to mom's car. I…am…alive. x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x I dreamt of Andy last night. Everything was happening as it did. His body crushing me to the car seat until I could swear one of my ribs would crack. But this time after he finished and I lay shaking in silent shock he pulled a knife out of his glove compartment. My eyes widened and I started to weep. \"Please. Please. I'll never tell.\" He didn't kill me. That would have been the easy way out, wouldn't it? That would've been too kind of him. And over the past few months I had come to realize that I deserved no one's kindness. Instead he smiled and cut in two swift sweeps through my skin an extended mouth for me on each side of my lips. I felt the warm wetness roll down the side of my face and into my hair and I knew I was bleeding. I could feel my chest rise and fall quickly as I cried softly. He pulled out a construction grade staple-gun and I writhed underneath him, gasping repeatedly. My screams tore through my throat as he started stapling the right side of my new mouth closed. And that was when I shot up in bed with freshly fallen tears on my cheeks. I couldn't believe I could still cry. That's why I'm sitting at my dining room table at three in the morning like a creep staring at the variations in the wood grain. Yes. It's only a few more months to summer. But once summer ends it'll start all over again. Three more times until I graduate. Three years. Can someone not sleep for three years?[Chapter 4] A/N: Sorry about the wait. I've been so busy recently. I promise I'll be quicker with the upcoming chapters. Thanks for the reviews. Shout out to BerryEbilBunny, wen wen, Joanjett77, and KCRedPanda98. Without further ado… Chapter 4 -Forgotten- I had forgotten what it was like to fly. It didn't even feel like I was walking anymore. I felt like I was underwater with a weight tied to my ankle and no matter how much I flailed and moved my arms and legs I kept sinking farther down. By the end of the year I told Rachel what Andy Evans did. At first she couldn't believe it. She thought I was a pathologic liar, a psycho. But to be honest, I didn't care. I had finally spoken. People could believe me or not, but I finally had a weight lifted off my chest. I got an A in art. I consider Mr. Freeman one of my closest friends. His class tough me a lot of things. To believe in myself again. To love myself enough to speak up for myself. I can't get my head around the fact they're going to fire him. What kind of crap is that? He gave me his phone number and address. I'll definitely keep in touch. How can you forget the only person who treated you like a human being? He was so decent and kind. When I showed him the janitor's closet full of my tree drawings, seeing his expression of appreciation, of pride. That was the first day I felt happy. I had felt numb all year and for the first time I felt warm and alive. It didn't matter when Andy attacked me in that closet and cut open my face. I had the tools to fight back. I wasn't going to let anything scare me ever again. I grabbed a container full of acid and burned his eyes with it. People ran over in shock. And something I thought would never happen happened. People believed me . They didn't hate me . They felt for me. That day, I finally felt free. One step closer to the person I used to be. A year later and I was okay again. Rachel and the rest of my old friends have started to talk to me. They apologized to me for the way they treated me. They got me a card and signed it. We plan to hang out. But I think the truest friend I have is Dave Petrakis. Dave is kind of nerdy, the laid back smart type. And he seems to be free from the judgment everyone has for others. He's not tied to social limitations like everyone else. He thinks what he wants to and does what he wants to and I respect him for that. I'm sitting in my room and I hear a tapping at my window. I go over and Dave is standing in my front yard with some pebbles in his hand. I shake my head with a smile and open it, sticking my head out. \"Dude, you are crazy.\" I yell down to him. He smiles. \"So are you, Sordino!\" I laugh. \"Yeah, I am. And proud!\" \"Wanna come over my house for a bit? I'm ordering pizza and watching some movies with friends.\" I hesitate. But then I answer. I have to learn to trust people again. Dave is not the kind of monster Andy was. \"Yeah. Give me a minute.\" His dark hazel eyes catch the afternoon sun. \"Okay.\" I had always had dreams I could fly. And now they didn't seem to be dreams anymore.[Chapter 5] A?N: Hey! Sorry for the long wait. I've been busy with work. Thanks for your nice reviews and CameraLover696, thanks for liking this story. That means a lot to me. Anyway, onto the next chapter. :D Chapter 5 Okay Again I keep telling myself that I can trust Dave. I mean, how could you not trust him? He has a quiet demeanor about him; the features of his face are soft and childlike. I can't sense any mean-spiritedness when I look at him. But I never sensed any mean-spiritedness from Andy Evans either. Being in a car with a boy is a scary experience, I realize. I feel that at any moment he'll pull into a side street or abandoned parking lot and push me down on the passenger's seat and… God, what's wrong with me?! He notices my distress and glances over. \"You okay?\" I smile awkwardly. \"Yeah. \" \"You don't have to be nervous about meeting my friends. They're all real nice. Complete dorks like me.\" He laughs. A genuine smile curls at my lips this time. \"I like dorks.\" He looks at me and his eyes look warm, like honey in the sunlight. He doesn't say anything and suddenly I know I can trust him. x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x Dave was right when he told me his friends were dorks. They're all huddled around his TV playing World of Warcraft. I'm surprised to see a girl in the crowd. Her hair is red and curly and she's wearing an olive colored jacket over a simple white shirt. Her jean clad legs are slender and on her feet are covered in black combat boots. She looks completely in her element, happy with herself. She's not a preppy, make-up covered popular girl. And that makes her totally cool in my eyes. I wish I could be that fearless. Not care what people think of me. But after this whole year, after all their mean stares that's harder said than done. The rest of them are boys, awkward and gangly. Genetics apparently haven't been kind to them. Not that they're ugly or anything. Most of them are decent looking; they just don't have the built, athletic bodies of their peers. 'Look, he brought a girl.\" One of them notes in a goofy voice. The red-head yells. \"What the fuck am I?!\" He answers. \"I mean you look like a girl, but in all technicality you're a guy. Let's face it, most girls would not call this a fun afternoon get together.\" Dave Petrakis cuts in. 'Alright settle down guys…\" he pauses and looks at the red-head. \"and girl.\" \"This is my friend Melinda.\" The red-head looks at me. \"We know who she is. The whole school knows who she is.\" I blush and look at my shoes ashamed. Ready to flee. Dave notices. \"Be nice you guys. She's had a rough year.\" The red-head replies. \"I'm not being mean,.\" She looks at me. \"I think you're pretty cool Melinda. Not letting those popular assholes get to you. Challenging a prick jock. That takes a lot of balls.\" \"Thanks.\" It's strange to hear something nice about me. \"My name's Daisy, by the way.\" \"Nice to meet you Daisy.\" One of the boys spoke. \"Come on, rookie. You're about to be inducted into the hall of geekdom.\" I laugh. Me and Dave sit down among them. \"This, my friend is the best videogame in the world and you are about to take in its epicness. Prepare yourself, mortal.\" Boys, I find, are not all bad. Some of them are actually really nice. For the first time in a while I feel comfortable in my own skin. Life is not a fairytale and there aren't happy endings. But there aren't bad ending either. Happy just doesn't turn out the way we think. And right now I am happy.[Chapter 6] A/N: Hey, sorry about not updating. I've been really busy recently. Thanks to spiderwoma69, JoanJett77, and MariaDeNoir for reviewing. The chapter's short, but I promise another update during the week. I won't abandon this story. I promise. Chapter Six A Friend Call me a jerk, but as I watch Dave's friends play videogames I can't help but be bored. I was never a videogame girl. I liked life's simple pleasures. The wind on my face. A day out in the sun. He glances over at me and I think he realizes I'm bored out of my mind. \"Not your cup of tea?\" \"No, sorry. I know it's like a religious ritual for you nerdy people. It just doesn't do it for me.\" He laughs. \"Well, you'll be happy to know that I'm not as fanatical about it as they are.\" I smile at him. \"Hey, listen. I have some stuff I wanna show you. You know, get a second opinion.\" \"Yeah?\" \"You're gonna laugh at me. I've been learning how to play the guitar for like a year. Not that good at it, but I was hoping you could maybe tell me if I'm on the right track.\" \"No problem. What kind of music do you play?\" \"Oh, you know. Indie rock.\" I laugh. \"I know, it's cliché.\" \"No. No. It's just that every teenage guy and their neighbor has a rock- n- roll band.\" \"Which makes it cliché.\" \"Don't pay me any mind. I'll listen to your songs.\" \"Alright. My guitar's in my room.\" My face blanches, the blood running out of it. I can remember Andy Evan's seemingly nice smile as he kissed me in his car. How he called me pretty. The speaker system on Dave's TV is loud and I wonder if his friend's videogame is some sort of ploy. If the guitar in his bedroom is a trap to get in my pants. His face darkens, a frown seeping into his features. \"Hey, you okay?\" I try my best to smile, but it comes out awkward and forced. The kind of smile when your lips curl upwards, but your eyes are empty. \"Yeah. Just have a little stomach-ache. That's all.\" \"Look, Melinda. I know you're scared after what happened to you. But you need to get out and experience life. You shouldn't let the past hold you back.\" My voice is soft when it leaves my lips. \"You don't know what it's like.\" \"No, I don't. But what I do know is that you're not gonna feel any better about people if you don't have the courage to go out and meet some nice ones. You can trust me.\" \"It's really hard not to be paranoid. I'm sorry. Don't take it personally.\" He looks at me quietly, his runs a hand through his dark hair in slight frustration. \"This day is not going as I planned. I wanted you to have some fun.\" I smile weakly. \"I will. Let's go and listen to some of your music. I bet you probably have some DEMOs and EPs you want me to listen to.\" His eyes light up. \"Tons.\" I don't know that I can ever trust anyone ever again. But what I do know is that some music, good or absolutely awful, will take my mind off the pathetic state my life is in at the current moment. I follow him to his room and take a calming breath. Today, I'm going to get to know a new person. I hope he does prove me wrong about my fears. I've been waiting for someone to.[Chapter 7] A/N: So sorry for the long wait. I've been working a lot lately and when I'm tired I get serious writer's block. Anyway, hope everyone had a happy new year. Thanks Joanjett77 for reviewing. Chapter Seven It Feels Like Breathing Dave's room is a shrine to his favorite bands. The walls are plastered in band posters. Nirvana, Pink Floyd, Metallica. I smile as my eyes pass over all the memorabilia. He motions for me to sit on his bed and he pulls up a chair. His own little concert for me. Dave is hesitant for a moment and I can tell he's embarrassed. He laughs awkwardly before he starts .He strums slowly, a mellow song. They watch me as I walk away They speak to me at the end of the day Tell me, that if I choose to speak my mind That this is the price I'll have to pay I see now that life is just a game That you have to sell yourself Just so they know your name But I've never followed that crowd And I'll always be the same They turn their backs as I walk by Spend their afternoons getting high I know that they think I'm strange I'll never succumb to their pretty lie I see now that life is just a game That you have to sell yourself Just so they know your name But I've never followed that crowd And I'll always be the same No, I've never followed that crowd I'll always be the same I'll always be the same I clap and he blushes, running a hand through his hair nervously. \"Um, yeah. It's not finished yet. I think I wanna add another verse.\" \"No, I love it. It's great.\" He looks at me and smiles like a little kid. \"Really?\" \"Yeah. You're really good!\" \"Not really. Thanks, though.\" \"Seriously. You've got some skill.\" He doesn't say anything for a moment. \"Can I try?\" I ask. \"Yeah, sure.\" He hands me his guitar. \"Do you play?\" He asks. I laugh. \"Not at all.\" I strum a chord or two, but that's all I can really manage. \"No musical talent.\" I smile. \"Aw, that's not true. You just gotta keep at it.\" \"With me, not so sure.\" \"Don't be ridiculous. I can teach you.\" \"Are you sure you're up for that challenge?\" \"Definitely. Your first lesson starts now.\" He motions for me to stand up. I hop off the bed my fingers tap the wood body of the guitar. He's behind me suddenly and his arms brush mine as he guides my hands over the strings. I'm nervous, not prepared for the contact. I tense and he feels it. \"Relax, Melinda.\" \"I am relaxed.\" I lie. 'No, you're not.\" \"Really. I'm fine.\" He sighs. \"I'm really trying to get you to break out of your shell. You're not helping me.\" \"I'm sorry.\" And I genuinely am. Dave is a nice guy. And to be perfectly honest, no one's been as kind to me as he's been. Not ever. I should feel comfortable around him. And I do. Most of the time. But whenever he walks a little too close I feel afraid. His voice is soft when he speaks. \"I'm sorry about what Andy did to you. He's a monster and I am so sorry. But I'm not Andy. You don't have to be scared around me. I won't hurt you, I promise.\" I look into his eyes. I see compassion in them. There isn't a speck or sliver of malice. It's in this moment that I finally start to trust again. It feels like breathing after you've been underwater. Like waking from a deep sleep. My voice is faint, like a timid child's. \"Thank you.\" It's somewhere around the hour of ten when Dave drops me off at my house. He taught me some scales on his guitar. Maybe one day I can write songs like him. Yeah…right . I've decided that he's going to give me weekly guitar lessons. It's an excuse to get out of my house. It's true that my nightmare is over. But my mom and dad still act strange around me. It's like they don't know what to do. They act as if the wrong move, the wrong word will break me. I want them to know that they don't have to be that way around me. I wish I could tell them. I just don't know how. Dave doesn't treat me like a victim. When I'm around him I forget all the things that have happened. I don't feel like broken. I don't feel hurt. I don't feel dirty or worthless. I don't feel like any of the horrible things I've felt like over the year. I feel normal. I feel clean. And the most important thing. I feel . There is no emptiness. There is no numbness. It's like breathing after you've been underwater. It's like waking from a deep sleep. It's like being alive.[Chapter 8] A/N: I don't even know what to say about the lack of updates. Except I'm sorry. I don't even know if anyone is still going to read this. But here it is. A new chapter. Chapter Eight This Is Home I blinked and summer was over. The sweltering heat of late August faded into the bearable subtle heat of September. Those two months of summer vacation had been like a deep exhale out of my lungs. There were some moments when I sat in my room with Dave Petrakis and played guitar where I felt as if the events of the last year hadn't happened. That I was a whole person, complete. There had been a hollow ache in me for so long. That hollowness had been filled. It was like it never existed in the first place. But the ache was locked away somewhere deep inside me. I had medicated it with a hobby and a kind companion. But I was stupid to fool myself into thinking it was gone. I knew I was wrong as I walked the hallways of my high school. I could hear the ghost echo of malicious laughter reverberate off the metal lockers. It is only in my mind and no one bothers me. I walk by Andy Evan's friends and I see the hate in their eyes. How I had destroyed their friend's life. I can hear their whispers as I pass them in the hallway. \"Should've seen the way she was dressed that night. The slut wanted it.\" I no longer feel the shame and hurt. I feel bitter and empty. Mostly bitter. That people could be mad at me for something I had no control over. Mad at me for something someone else was responsible for. Dave told me once after we had a guitar lesson that I couldn't control what other people did and said. The only thing I had control over was myself. And I decided I wasn't going to give them the consent, the permission to make me feel bad about myself. I had been a victim the night of that party. But I was a fool to let them keep making me feel like a victim. My eyes settle on the oak door of my first class. And something happens in a place I thought it never would. In a place where I had felt humiliation and hurt. I smile. x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x- x-x-x There is something different now. A different emotion, a different feeling I feel as my fingers strum a lazy tune in my bedroom. Dave watches attentively and smiles when I stop. \"See, you're not half bad.\" I smile. \"I guess you're a miracle worker.\" \"That's ridiculous. Give yourself more credit.\" I look at him with a dry grin. \"So what do I owe you now?\" He is stricken silent for a moment. A blush rises on his cheeks and I am surprised to see anything other than the cool collected expression he always seems to have. \"Dave?\" I ask with the slightest worry. \"Sorry. I'm good.\" \"You sure?\" I joke. \"Yeah. \" He pauses, thinking. \"We've spent so much time indoors. I wanna enjoy the last bit of summer before it's gone. You wanna come to the park with me?\" I place his guitar on my mattress carefully. \"Yeah. Let's go.\" The whole stretch of grassy meadow is golden in the sunset. A glimmer of something flashes in my mind. An apple tree. Strong hands holding me up. The afternoon breeze wafts over my face and I am brought back to the world around me. I am so focused on the natural beauty around me that I forget momentarily that someone else has accompanied me. There is the brush of a hand and I look up with slight alarm at Dave. His face changes into Andy's for a split second and I almost pull my hand away. But the eyes that look at me are as warm as the sun around me. His touch is soft and almost hesitant. He looks for permission and my eyes must have changed because he wraps his fingers around mine. I am silent and still. Not with fear. But instead…surprise. Surprise that I could feel that way for a boy ever again. For so long the glance or presence of a guy had reminded me of a monster in a nightmare. I look into his eyes and he looks into mine. He looks at me with a sleepy expression. We walk aimlessly among the tall untamed grasses. \"I like you, Melinda.\" I laugh it off. \"I would hope so. I'd like to think I have one friend.\" \"No. Not like a friend. More than that.\" \"That's stupid. I mean, look at me. I'm so skinny and awkward looking. Like a twelve year old boy or something.\" \"Guys look for more than looks in a girl. We're not as shallow as you think.\" He almost laughs. \"What, so you're agreeing with me? I thought this was the part where you'd tell me I was in fact very pretty.\" I tease. His voice is hushed. \"You are pretty.\" It's silent for some time before I speak again. \"Nah.\" \"It's not a joke. Don't laugh. I seriously like you.\" I don't say anything. I smile shyly and look away from him. \"Do you like me?\" \"I don't know?\" I answer. \"That's bull-shit. You either do or you don't. There is no \"I don't know.\" My hand slips out of his and I cross my arms across my chest with a raised eyebrow. \"Step off, Dave.\" \"Jesus Christ, Melinda. It took a lot for me to admit that. Don't leave me here all high and dry.\" \"You're pressuring me. Maybe I'm not ready for that stuff right now.\" \"I'll wait until you are.\" \"Maybe I'll never be ready.\" \"If that was the case you wouldn't be talking to me right now.\" I roll my eyes. \"I like you. I want to be your boyfriend. There . I said it.\" I blush furiously. \"You don't want me for a girlfriend. I'm too…damaged.\" \"I don't care. I don't care that you have baggage.\" \"Maybe not now. But maybe you will later.\" \"Give me a chance. Give me a chance to prove to you that I'm not Andy Evans. That I'm not some asshole. Some typical high school guy. I like you, Melinda. I like the way you put up with my weird friends. I like that you like my music. I like how I can see everything you feel plain as day in your green eyes. That your life isn't about shopping and make-up and clothes. I like that you're a real girl. That you worry about real things. That you feel everything strongly. You're like the fire Melinda. I think Andy took that from you for a while. But I've seen the fire in your eyes. I want that. I want the fire.\" My voice is a whisper. I look at him sadly. \"The fire will burn you.\" \"No. It won't. I won't let it.\" He is standing in front of me. I look everywhere but at him. He palm is on my cheek suddenly. I look at him and the shame runs through my veins. I want very much to tell him that I like him too. But I'm so afraid. Afraid to break something that I'll never ever be able to put back together. It's not fair. That the moment can't be simple. That it can't be the way it is for everyone else. That I can't tell him I'm falling for him. That I can't let him kiss me without thinking of Andy. It's not fair that I can't have my first time with this sweet boy. That I had my first time in a car that smelled of cigarettes and that my first kiss tasted like beer. That my notions of love were tainted by a careless act of violence. I wrap my arms around him and bury my face in his chest His shirt smells like fabric softener, a comforting scent. One that reminds me of sleep and my mom. It reminds me of love. His chin is on the top of my head and he hugs me back. \"Dave?\" I ask. My voice is timid like a child's suddenly. \"What?\" He says calmly. \"I like you too.\" His fingers spread out over my back and I'm reminded faintly of a butterfly opening its wings, a flower blooming in spring. It's autumn now and the flowers aren't blooming. The butterflies will soon be gone. Everything will die. But for the first time in a year I won't die with those things. I won't fall asleep with the spell of a monster. The poison apple won't draw the breath from my lungs. People will continue to hurt one another. They will continue to hate and destroy. But I won't be one of those people. The truth is that there's a lot of shit we all have to deal with. I've dealt with a bit more than other people. But that's no matter. Because in the end after all that shit and pain there are good things too. Dave is a good thing. I look up at him, my face rising up bravely toward his. He looks alarmed for a second. And the surprise fades in his hazel eyes. The lids lowering. I was afraid that the touch would send me reeling back to the night of the party. But his mouth brushing mine does no such thing. Andy Evans had been aggressive. Rough. Predatory. Dave's touches are gentle and almost pleading. His kiss is soft. My arm winds around his neck, my fingers digging themselves into his shaggy hair. I want to kiss him for forever. It's strange that I was once afraid of that sort of touch. It's strange that he is the one to break the kiss where a few months ago it would have been me. That I would have pushed him away with fear and panic. I kiss him again. My mouth parts over his and we breathe into each other. He holds my face in his hands, pulling his lips away from mine. \"No.\" he whispers. He kisses my forehead. \"No?\" I answer softly. \"I don't want just that from you. I like you for more than your body. I like you for you. I want us to get to know each other before any of that.\" \"Dave.\" I smile. \"I do know you.\" He is unrelenting. \"Let me kiss you.\" I ask almost childishly. He shakes his head with a laugh. \"Can I take you out first?\" he asks. My laugh echoes his. \"Yeah.\" \"Then, it's a date.\" I feel a sort of gratitude. My own parents can't even understand me. And here is this stranger. This boy I barely know. And it doesn't make sense. That I feel at home when I'm around him. That I feel it's okay to be me. That even despite all the things that are wrong with me, he only notices the right. I wrap my arms around him again and my cheek presses gently against his chest. His cotton t-shirt feels like safety. It feels like home. This is home.[Chapter 9] A/N: Three months without an update. I'm such an a**hole. But honestly if the ideas aren't there, they're not there and I don't wanna write a crappy chapter just for the sake of updating fast. Besides people on this site abandon fics so I'm not really that bad, lmao. Thank you JoanJett77 and 112charlie112 and ZanessaFanGaily for reviewing. Chapter Nine Time Does Not Exist Maybe it wasn't the best idea to go to a restaurant in town. Especially one of the most popular. I can count at least five or six people from my high school here. They're all together at one table, a group of all girls. From their non-descript clothing, in other words no famous brand names , they can't be very popular. But it's foolish to assume that the 'in crowd' are the only people who talk 'shit.' And my assumption is proven right because even over the loudness and bustle I can hear them talking. I can see from the corner of my eye one of the girls sitting on the aisle seat. She's staring at me. I wonder if people like her know it's rude to stare. I wonder if her mother ever taught her that. But then I stop wondering. Because a lot of people do know. They just don't care. \"I was at that party that night. She was all over him.\" \"Jenny. That's so mean. You only saw her for a couple of seconds. He probably spiked her drink or something. And you know guys these days. They tell a girl what she wants to hear. She probably thought she could trust him, you know?\" \"Are you like her bff or something?!\" The 'Jenny' girl laughed. \"Melinda isn't like that.\" I realize the voice is familiar and it's only when I turn around to see if Dave is still waiting in the buffet line that I put two and two together. The red head playing Word of Warcraft with Dave's nerdy friends. Daisy. \"I don't think I've seen her around with one guy at school. Does she look like a whore to you?\" Daisy continues. \"You can't judge people by what they wear. Who knows? She could be like a 'closet' skank.\" \"And you can't judge people after seeing them for five fucking seconds at a party.\" Daisy sounds slightly agitated. \"Whoa, Daisy. Back off. Did you take your Prozac today?\" \"No, but maybe I should have so I could put up with your lapse of intelligence. That was a narrow minded thing to say about someone you've never even met.\" \"What, have you met her?\" \"Yes. I fucking have. She's a nice girl. I'm sick of people like her getting shit because they're different or don't conform to peer pressure or call the police when they're in legitimate trouble. You know, most girls who get raped never say anything because they're afraid of people like you judging them? \" \"Daisy. You're being a real bitch right now.\" \"Sometimes the situation calls for it.\" \"I thought we were friends. Friends don't talk to each other like that.\" \"You know what people used to say about me? I bet they still say it. They called me a dyke. I am 100% straight, but people don't like girls who speak their minds. If a girl calls someone else out she must be a psycho lesbian feminist right? I bet that's what you're thinking right now.\" Jennifer's voice is meek suddenly and I don't feel as angry with her as I should be. Because I realize she knows what she said was wrong. \"I'm not thinking that right now, Daisy. You're right. I'm sorry. I just…\" \"You're just doing what everyone else is doing. It's okay. Sometimes you see people doing something so much you forget how wrong it is to do it. I'm sorry I flipped out on you like that. I just needed to get that off my chest.\" \"It's okay. I'm sorry. It was a bitchy thing to say.\" They all get up and walk away. Daisy is behind all the other girls and she turns around for just a second and winks at me. A sort of \"I got your back, girl\" kind of wink. I smile at her. Dave brings our pizzas from the buffet line finally. \"I'm a real Casanova.\" He jokes. \"Yeah, bringing me to Papa Ginos. Keepin it classy.\" \"That hurt a little, Melinda.\" I laugh. \"I shouldn't say anything. You just spent your whole months paycheck on a new 'Fender.' It's nice to know a pretty guitar means more to you than I do.\" \"In my defense, I ordered it before I thought I had any chance with you.\" \"I think you have it backwards. I would be lucky if a guy asked me out. I never thought I had a chance with you.\" He was silent for a moment. And then he smiled, a goofy smile and I knew before he even said anything that he was going to try be a smart-ass. \"So, what you're saying is that you had a crush on me? And you let me make a complete ass of myself at the park. Cold.\" I laughed. \"It's not funny.\" He whined like a little boy. He was still smiling though. \"It's a little funny.\" \"You better watch yourself, Mel. I'm gonna get you for that.\" \"What? Are you gonna stop taking me to Papa Gino's for lunch? Can't say that's much of a punishment.\" He pretends he's offended. Although, I'm not sure if he's pretending 100 % because he does actually look a little offended. He chuckles. \"Alright. Truce.\" \"You're just saying that because you won't actually figure out a way to get me back.\" \"What, am I not smart enough?\" \"No. You're smart. You're just too nice. You'll end up feeling bad about it like 5 seconds before you go to pull the prank.\" \"Nice guys finish last, huh?\" I raise an eyebrow. \"I let you kiss me, didn't I?\" \"Okay. Nice guys don't finish last. Jeez, Melinda. You really know how to bust a guys balls.\" \"You would have never thought.\" I bat my eyelashes innocently. He smirks and takes a bite of his pizza. It's the last day before school starts and I feel like I'm waking up from a really good dream. The kind of dreams you have after you haven't dreamed for a while. Where everything is so vivid you have no other option but to believe it's real. The kind of dreams where everything is perfect in every sense, like being in some afterlife. Where the sun shines on you just the right way and there's a gentle breeze. The kind of dreams where you're just happy for no reason. You smile and everything plays out in some sort of strange suspended animation, a bit slower than real life. And you know there are trees around you and sky without looking or seeing those things. But you can't really feel those things. The ground is very soft under your feet, it yields like pillows and you prance around and don't feel the pull of gravity keeping you rooted to the ground. Like the kind of dreams I used to have when I was little. I feel like I'm flying right now. But I keep looking down at the ground and wondering. When am I gonna fall? And there's a little voice that whispers in my mind. You won't fall, don't worry . I certainly don't get the feeling I'm gonna fall when I look at Dave. He smiles awkwardly and keeps playing his guitar. I'm not really paying attention to what he's singing right now. I hear the sound of the guitar's vibrations echoing softly and I'm so captivated by the music I can feel little goosebumps along my arms and little chills run up the inside of my skull. I close my eyes and lean back in my seat. I'm a planet now, a little planet and Dave is the sun at the center of my solar system. And I'm not trying to do anything or be anything, but somehow I find myself spinning around him. And I'm just wondering what will happen when we go to school. When I have to spend eight hours a day alone again. I know the classrooms will be so packed that I might even feel a little claustrophobic. I'll be surrounded by people, so surrounded that it'll make me feel even more alone than I already am. I've spent almost every waking minute with Dave this summer. I don't know how I'll be able to handle the distance. Like a drug addict having the shakes and shivers when they can't have another hit. Sometimes it's even more frightening when everything starts working out. That's the point where you have everything to lose. Where you let go of your fears. That's when the monsters under your bed get you. The happiness makes you blind. I don't wanna be blind. But God, it feels so good. I'm tensing .I'm squeezing my eyes shut real hard as if to keep the feeling inside my head. I feel something on my cheek. I open my eyes and Dave's face is very close to mine. He traces a line across my cheek all the way to the seam where my face meets my ear and then he runs his pointer finger along my jawline until the skin of my chin is underneath his fingertips. He hesitates for a moment and his eyes ask me for permission. I am quiet and then his thumb strokes my lower lip and he presses down in the center. I move towards him like he is gravity. My mouth opens slightly in anticipation and we are fused together at the lips. My hands are digging into his shaggy hair and I lean into him slightly because it's not as easy to stand anymore. My legs feel like jello. Like they're not even there anymore. Tomorrow is just hours away. He picks me up and sets me down on his bed and I wonder if we're going to have sex. And I want that. I want to give myself to him like that. But I know the memories will flash inside my mind like fireworks and I'll stop flying. But he doesn't do what I think he's going to. He takes the blankets and pulls them up to my waist and then he gets into bed next to me. He's lying on his side and looking at me quietly. He looks like he wants to say something and I can see the hesitation in his eyes. I move forward and stroke his cheek. There's a stray piece of brown hair hanging over his left eye and I brush it away. He smiles softly. The monsters are trying to get me, but he's this weird force field and they bounce off like they're running into a glass window. I bury my face in his chest and his arm drapes over my waist. He doesn't even bother to turn off the light and I don't quite remember when I fall asleep. I can't really tell where real life and sleep are divided. The threshold doesn't exist. My dreams are real. And for that night life is almost like a movie. Everything else stops moving forward around us. It's suspended animation. I've paused time. But there isn't time anymore. Not really. Time does not exist. Only the safety. Only the return to an apple orchard in my childhood. I'm running through the orchard and the apples fall down from the trees but it seems like they're almost falling out of the sky. Gravity doesn't exist anymore and I'm climbing the branches of the tree and then the orchard is under me. The view like one in an airplane and everything shrinks into miniature toy pieces back down on the ground. Time does not exist.[Chapter 10] A/N: Joanjett77. Thank you for being such a loyal reviewer. If it wasn't for you I would literally have no reviews on this story. Which is sad because I think I deserve reviews. Thank you for thinking I'm a good writer. It means the world to me. The only advice I can give you is that you have to be honest with yourself to be a good writer. You have to be in touch with your emotions. You have to practice even if the stuff you write in the beginning is horrible. And it usually is. The stuff I wrote when I was fourteen was absolutely terrible. Believe me. And you have to write what you know. I write the way I do because I've gone through some tough shit in my life. Anyway. Thank you again for reviewing. Chapter Ten Demons There's an old saying that after you go through traumatic or excessively difficult periods of your life that you shouldn't lose faith. That it gets better. But I think that's a lie. You're not telling the whole story. It does get better. Believe me. The memories aren't sharp like a blade in your heart anymore and you don't have panic attacks at the thought of those memories anymore. Not often anyway. But when life gets difficult, and it always does, those memories come out from the dark parts of your mind and coil around you like a snake, a python or boa constrictor or something. It's easy to lie to yourself and say you're not depressed when everything is going right in your life, but it's only when things start getting difficult again that you realize you're still disappointed and sad and angry. You almost deny yourself the right to grieve. But it's the only way to survive. To forget and to deny. I'll never be able to walk anywhere at night without the fear that a guy will try to assault me. I know when I get a car and I want to fill it up with gas I'll be afraid to stand out there at night and do so. Even if there are a handful of employees watching. Or a shopping plaza with a big parking lot on a quiet Monday afternoon when no one's around to see anything. Sometimes I can't even sleep at night. I feel like Andy Evans is going to climb up my house when I'm sleeping. I feel like he's going to come in through an open window and rape me all over again. It's ridiculous to think that. But I do. I have to wear my headphones to bed to have any peace of mind. When I'm in bed and there's nothing to distract me I think of what happened that night and I have panic attacks. So I listen to music until the sounds soothe me to sleep like a lullaby. It's made me mature. I've grown up. But what Andy did to me has also made me a scared child who is afraid of things for no reason. It's made me irrational like a child. I survived and I will get better. But he took something from me that I will never get back. Never . No matter what I do or how successful I am. That will follow everything I do in my life like a shadow, a dark ghost creeping up behind me. It will always be a part of me. But it does remind me that life is short. That you should enjoy the little lapses of joy you have. You might never have them again. You might die before you have a chance to live. Someone might try to destroy you because of their own empty life. The only people who know how to appreciate the simple things in life are the people who have grieved and lost. The people who've been hurt and left behind. They notice the way the leaves on trees rustle in the wind. They notice the way the sun breaks through ominous clouds after a thunderstorm. Piercing and defined shining on the earth like heaven has almost opened up. They notice the way the sun hits the ocean when it sets. And not to say other people don't notice these things. But broken people see these things as reasons to keep breathing. For me it's the simple things that keep me from jumping off a bridge. It's the way Dave Petrakis is patient with me. He never pushes me. And I know he's a teenage boy and he wants to have sex at some point. But he knows it's not going to be easy for me to get there. To be okay with that. I'm scared right now. I'm scared because I've never loved anyone the way I love him. I have something to lose now and it scares me. You see, even though things sucked before, I kinda liked it. I found comfort in being sad. There's a canyon and I'm standing on one end of it. And then I jump. That's what I've done. I'm hoping I get to the other side. But I know deep down that I may not have gotten enough of a running start. That I might come short of the other side of the canyon and that I might fall a thousand feet to my death. I might get to the other side without a scratch. It's possible. There might be a 99% chance that I'll get there safely. But the odds never work in our favor. We often end up being the 1% who don't make it. Tragedy and trauma do not discriminate. It doesn't matter how good your grades are. It doesn't' matter if you're rich or poor. If you're a boy or a girl. You could be the kindest and most decent person in the world and still be touched by tragedy. We think if we control settings and our personalities that bad things will stop happening to us. They don't. And it is often the people who deserve tragedy the least that get hit with the most tragedy. But I've decided that I can't let the fear own me. It will always be hunting me like a stealthy predator in an eerily quiet forest. But I've got some thorns on me now. My scar tissue has turned into armor. No one's ever going to get me down again. I'm going to keep fighting even if I have to fight every day until I'm 91 and old and dying. I'm going to fight. Because I'm a fighter. ","Summary":" It Felt Like Flying Chapter I Real When I was a child my parents used to take me apple picking ever"},{"Movie":"Would You Rather","Title":"The Would-Be King","Author":"Spike Daft","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10931988","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Once, not too long after his wife died, Shepard Lambrick sent his only son Julian to see a psychologist. He wasn't terribly concerned about the boy's mental health, but rather hoped that a few sessions with a doctor might teach his son how to control his increasingly… impulsive behavior. Of course, it was not to be. Julian returned not half an hour after the appointment's start time and flopped into an ornate armchair with a huff, lower lip slightly pooched out in the characteristic sulk he had come to adapt whenever he had to do something that he didn't want to do. Shep lowered the business journal he had been perusing and peered at his son. \"You're back soon. How was it?\" \"Stupid. I left ten minutes in.\" Shepard raised a brow. \"Well, did you even tell him anything?\" \"I told him he was a fucking idiot.\" \"Julian…\" \"Well he is. \" And that was that. Shepard was not one to argue with the boy. He lectured him, of course, because he was very good at lecturing and enjoyed hearing himself orate. For his part Julian would sulk and roll his eyes and mutter noncommittal things to appease his father, ever the petulant teenager (even though his 24th birthday was staring him in the face, only a few months away). His father was an intimidating figure, both when doing business and when partaking in pleasure; scathingly witty, intelligent, and clever. Everything he did had a specific purpose. He rarely made mistakes. Yet when Julian disagreed with him and pushed back against his father's wishes, Shepard invariably found himself backing down. There was something about the boy that touched a feeling that was deeper than Shep's frequent bouts of exasperation and frustration. He refused to admit to himself that the feeling might have a name. It was this feeling that seared him and shut him up when that particular look came over his son's face; when his pale eyes grew darker. As soon as the boy entered his teens, Shepard had altogether ceased to trust him. Julian was obviously, for lack of a better word, disturbed . It was laughable, in a way, that the elder Lambrick thought anyone to be disturbed, given the terrible things he liked to do for pleasure. And Julian truly was his father's boy, something that bode ill for all involved with the Lambrick family. At first, Shepard had delighted in the similarities they shared when it came to extracurricular activities; he had feared for a time that Julian might inherit his mother's decidedly less violent nature and be uninterested in his father's party games. But those fears were soon assuaged, and Shepard began to think that surely this boy would, in turn, prove to be a fitting heir to the Lambrick family's beloved games of casual torture. Perhaps he might even find a way to make them even grander. Something along the way, though, had gone wrong. Wrong even for a man like Julian's father. At first, the changes were subtle, and could be easily dismissed as bouts of typical teenage angst. Julian was moody, his countenance reliably stormy. He had inherited his mother's beauty, her blonde hair, her light eyes, her willowy frame. But these lovely features had become occluded by what was becoming a typical, angry sulk. Many spoiled children had similar affectations, of course, but Julian's was darker, almost predatory. He became a poacher of the staff's good moods: if he saw one of them smiling or laughing he would fix them with a glare that could darken even the brightest of dispositions, and should he catch any of them humming or whistling he would quickly snap at them to cease. He would sit with his father during the evening news and chuckle at the violent stories, and Shep noticed that it was while Julian was witnessing violence that his eyes would shine with genuine mirth. No other time. All of this Shepard could handle; he saw quite a bit of himself in his son during the younger years. Less ambitious than Shep himself had been in his youth, but no matter. Perhaps Julian was just a late bloomer. Then, Mrs. Lambrick died. And the fits began. They were violent, often bloody, and would terrify the staff, who before had only grumbled at his moods and whispered about bad breeding. Even the Lambrick's butler and head of staff Bevans, who had been with the family from the start, grew loathe to interact with his employer's son on one of his \"bad days\". Shepard had once presented Julian with a lovely (and valuable, of course) set of antique Damascus throwing daggers that he had inherited from his father, who had acquired them from an antiques dealer in Japan in the 1930's. At first, Julian had treated them reverently, often taking them out to polish them and admire them in bright light. Now, however, he had developed a penchant for hurling them at the walls when he was feeling angry. Once he had sent one straight into the middle of the huge flat screen TV that hung on his wall. Sometimes, during his fits, he liked to hurl them at people. Finally, the family physician prescribed a course of antipsychotics and mood stabilizers and benzos that \"ought to knock the damn kid on his skinny ass\", as he had muttered to Bevans upon departure. Bevans had only smiled. Sometimes Julian took the medication agreeably enough, and the household would enjoy several days of peace and quiet while the young man slouched in his room, passive and compliant as a doll, staring glassy-eyed at the newly replaced TV, which constantly broadcasted violent movies and cartoons, and drinking himself further into a stupor. And then there were the times he didn't take it. After a few weeks of compliance, he would finally be trusted to administer his own medication. Of course, he did no such thing, but rather flushed the pills down the toilet and replaced them with liquor. He was clever in his own way, especially when he was feeling mean. After a few days of this deception his impulsive tendencies would return. He was a very good actor; he would sit in the drawing room or the dining room, slumped and passive, even smiling occasionally when spoken to, until a staff member felt safe enough to get within range. The first time he did it, the victim was a young maid who had only worked there for a few weeks. He had flirted with her a bit, charmed her, told her she was lovely, and then stabbed the long tines of a salad fork deep into the meat of her breast. He had laughed himself to tears as she screamed, and was in hysterics by the time she passed out. This became Julian's own little party game until finally the staff became too wary to fall for it any longer and avoided him completely. The only exception was Bevans, who was a large man and quite a bit touched in the head himself. He didn't fear Julian the way the rest of the help did. He had watched the boy grow up, and had learned to understand him in a way, sometimes even predict him. The elder Lambrick respected Bevans, heeded his suggestions, and even trusted him. He did not have to worry about being fired for mistreating Julian, and so, when he was suspicious that the young man was again neglecting his medication and in the beginnings of a fit, would enter Julian's room, shut the door behind him, and grab the damn kid, physically forcing the pills down his throat and often getting bitten in the process while his employer sat oblivious downstairs. The work of holding Julian down and keeping him from throwing up until the pills began to take effect soon grew tiresome for the older man, and so had met privately with the family's physician and acquired several vials of thorazine and a plethora of syringes. At first, it had not gone particularly well. Bevans had miscalculated the dose and ended up with too little, and when he finally got the needle into Julian's hip the little shit struggled so violently that it snapped off. The second time was easier, and by the fourth time Bevans was a pro. Bevans, as long as he had known Julian, had never felt much fondness for him, and therefore felt no pity when things got violent. He was happy enough to drug the boy, and even more so to lie about it to his father. Shep, in his opinion, was delusional regarding his son. Lambrick held out false hope that his son would inherit the same acumen for business and the same elegance for subtle tortures as he and his father before him. It was impossible for him to admit that his son was far too damaged to achieve such a higher purpose. He was damaged goods; a lost cause. But yet, Julian was the only fragment of Shepard's beloved wife that he had left; his son, his only child. Despite his fragile state of mental health, despite the dawning notion that he might actually fear his son, Shepard truly believed that Julian was destined for greatness, an heir not only to the Lambrick fortune, but an heir to the suffering and importance it beget. The mission, for now, was to take everything one day at a time. It would prove to be much harder than it sounded.[Chapter 2] It was not long after Julian's …behavioral revelations…that Shepard decided to hold another \"dinner party\". The elder Lambrick had busied himself more than usual in the past few weeks (perhaps to distance himself from his unstable offspring, as many of the staff surmised), collecting information and meeting with individuals who had heard of the Lambrick's outwardly charitable nature and were eager at their own chances for good fortune. There certainly was no shortage of candidates, many of whom seemed delightfully competitive and unscrupulous by nature even during the initial interviews, which Shepard liked to keep brief unless a certain individual caught his genuine interest and he sought to know more. Violet McLaney was one such individual. Shep had learned of the young woman through a story in the local Times: the sole survivor of arson, which had taken her entire tenement building—and subsequently her mother, three cats, and husband to be—down to the first floor in a smoldering ruin. The girl had been an aspiring artist, and was just getting on her feet in the art world, when her family and all her paintings were razed to the ground. The grainy photo her of standing amidst the smoking rubble had stricken Shepard with pleasure and intrigue; she faced the camera but was not looking at it, eyes dark and unreadable despite the vulnerability of her stature, the tattered remains of what appeared to be a nightgown peeking out from the grey blanket draped around her shoulders. Shepard, rather than feel pity as he studied her face, instead saw potential there. He intended to exploit it, if he could get the girl to agree to his offer. He wasn't nervous about it. They all agreed, in the end. The others required very little research. They had heard though underground means of such a game, lowlifes all and all the more expendable. Each one, primarily men, believed themselves superior to the other contestants; many having already accepted an inevitable victory. Their reasons were typical: success in business through monetary gains, furthering of a barely established black market enterprise, even poor shmucks who sought to pay off their considerate debts and paying of their parent's mortgages as well as their own. One fellow, it seemed, sought only to acquire the proper money to send his infant son to college. Surely a weak link, that one, but no matter. What mattered was the fun Shepard was about to have. He hoped Julian might glean the same. The dinner party was held on quite a frigid night, with frost crisping the manicured lawns and crunching underfoot, while bruised-looking clouds hung heavy and pregnant in the darkening sky. The drivers had brought each guest precisely on time and ushered them into the warm, inviting halls of the Lambrick mansion. They mingled, as usual, in the parlor, sharing drinks and speculations about the other guests, some even finding friendly alliances in the motley company of strangers that had been thrown together. This was the exact reason that Shep made libations plentiful in those first meetings. It eased the conversation, made people more at ease with the strangers they had never before met in their lives. It took their minds momentarily of what was to be expected of them in the coming hour. As they were all seated, these misfits and beggars and thieves, talk was lighthearted. When Shep arrived, Julian in tow, he introduced Bevans and the boy, who despite himself gave a friendly smile and hello and took his place at the opposite head of the table with a smirk and a glass of everclear beside his hand. He was better dressed than on previous occasions, sporting a pinstripe blazer and trousers with an open-collar white dress shirt beneath, baring just a bit of smooth, pale chest. His wrist sparkled with a rare Rolex and the air he carried about him was dapper and friendly enough. His honeyed locks shone alluringly and were a sharp contrast to his father's dark head. The games began easily enough, beginning the small psychological games that no one had the sense to realize would become something far worse. The first course of the meal, from which the Lambrick's themselves refrained, were the onion-braised brains of Rheesus monkeys that fit so prettily on tea platters. Of course, young Violet was the least willing to even taste a bit, even though Shepard extolled the virtues of the delicacy in refined places like France and China. But money spoke, as it always did, and she ended up with a mouthful and surprisingly little disgust. Surely, the guests thought, it couldn't get much more intense than this. Bevans had been eagerly waiting in the wings to showcase his homemade electroshock machine, and while Julian was bored of the same tactics, he seemed to be the only one of the perpetrators that felt as much. He even felt himself chucking from time to time, and left his food untouched, having better things in mind in the near future. Soon he and Violet began exchanging glances, little smiles. He would catch her looking and duck his head prettily, as he had practiced so many times before. After her bout of shocking, Violet, visibly upset (or so she seemed) begged to be allowed to visit the restroom. At first Shep had disagreed, but with a subtle nudging from his son, eventually relented. Violet left the table with one last lingering glass at Julian, as though bidding him to follow. After the right amount of time had passed, Julian did just that, leaving quietly and gracefully and as innocuous as could be. His absence was hardly noticed as the more intense round of games began. She was in the bathroom just off the foyer, tucked away behind the grand double staircase that cascaded to the upper floors of the expansive Lambrick residence. Julian approached the door, his chest tight, to see that it was cracked open just a bit. Violet was washing up and humming a bit to herself, obviously unperturbed with the situation she was in. Julian slid a slender hand through the crack in the doorway and drummed long fingers on the wood. He was rewarded with a coy chuckle. \"Do I have a visitor,\" she asked. \"Perhaps,\" he responded, trying to keep the predation out of his tone. \"Though truly I thought you might have gotten lost.\" \"Do I look lost?\" He grinned against the wood. \"Perhaps not…\" \"Perhaps I could have guessed—hoped—that a certain someone might've followed me here.\" \"Your eye contact spoke volumes, surely. I'm more perceptive than my father.\" \"Then come on in here, pretty baby. Give mama a good look at you.\" Julian thought to retort; she was his age at most and in no position to call herself \"mama\". Still, it stirred something in him, something that had not come awake in quite a while. He did enjoy a bit of submission in the beginning. He swung open the heavy door and slunk inside, closing it behind him. He knew what was coming, even if she didn't. Better let her think that the ball was firmly in her court for now. She beheld him with the studiousness and appreciation of a fine arts dealer looking over an incredibly valuable piece. But this was a piece she could touch, and she certainly meant to make the best of it. Immediately she approached him and cupped her hand round his chin, tilting his face this way and that, gazing deeply into the glacial eyes that were beginning to darken with…something. He hoped it was what she thought it was. Otherwise, he might be in a lot of trouble. \"You know,\" she said, one hand still gripping his chin and the other running down the smooth exposed angle of his chest, \"I have no interest in this money. Sure, I could kill 'em all. I could outlast them all. But money is not the prize I'm looking for. I know this game. I've heard of it. That's not what I'm after, young Mister Lambrick.\" She stood on her manicured toes to reach his face, and boldly brushed her lips against his. \"Mmmm,\" she exhaled. \"Better than money. Softer than silk. Say something to me, Julian…\" \"You're beautif-\" he managed to get out until her lips engulfed his, one hand on the side of his face, the other working lower and lower until his breath came quick in his lungs and his desire was beginning to be painful. She moaned into his mouth as his own slender hand found its way up her skirt, the other kneading a pebbled breast. Violet was glad that she had neglected underclothes that day, and as his long, elegant fingers found that secret place inside her that invariably made her cry out, she nearly screamed her lungs out into his mouth and bucked against his hand. God, he was skilled. Before long she was wailing against his neck, begging him to prop her up on the bathroom counter and give her what she truly ached for the minute she had set eyes on him. \"Hurry up, gimme it, gimme it,\" she hissed urgently, and at that, though unnoticed by her, Julian's eyes grew dark. The stormy kind of dark. He didn't like to be ordered around, by this vapid waif no less, but he was past the point of turning back. He obliged by throwing her onto the countertop so hard that the mirror behind her splintered, leaving cuts in her now naked torso, and forced her legs apart as far as they could go, all traces of tenderness gone. Violet was still into it, however, and begged him to fuck her until she could no longer see straight. Julian happily obliged. However, the deeper he thrust, the darker his eyes became, until the pale line of her neck came into his view and awakened an even deeper, more primal sense. Just as she was about to reach her edge, he bared his white teeth and sunk them deep into the column of her throat. Blood spurted from around his lips and the taste of it along with the salt and perfume on her skin sent him into the best climax he had ever had. Still rocking her, he bit her again, and again. Hard, deep, to the bone. She attempted to scream, but he covered her bloody mouth with his own, drinking deep, and produced one of the Damascus daggers from an inner breast pocket and held it to her sternum, pressing hard enough to puncture in a significant length. She tried to struggle, but he twisted the blade; dragged it upward. He pulled back to behold her, panting, bleeding, terrified, and betrayed, and drove the dagger in to the hilt at the soft base of her throat, twisting it about until she began to gurgle and choke and he was sure that she was on the inevitable brink of death. Then, languidly, he started to peel of pieces of the skin on her face, sticking them to the spiderwebbed mirror like grisly post-it-notes. Perhaps he ate some. He couldn't be sure. She died in his arms with a full-body shudder that made him hard again. Soon Julian became aware that it was about time to return to the festivities, and he happily left the mess in the bathroom and took his seat back at the head of the table. His face, hands, shirtfront, and trousers were soaked with dark red gore and gobbets of flesh, but he sat regally and innocuous, as though the detritus covering him did not exist at all. The other contestants gaped with abject horror and he merely smiled at them; a happy, child's smile. \"May I understand that Miss Violet has decided to forego the rest of the night's festivities?\" his father questioned mildly. \"It appears so, Father,\" said Julian. His normally white teeth were streaked with crimson. \"In fact, perhaps we could use a cleanup in the foyer bathroom.\" The innocuous look in his eyes was back, but only served to make his countenance more terrifying as he leaned languidly back in his seat to enjoy the remainder of the festivities. He felt no urge to cleanse himself of the stiffening human matter that coated his skin and elegant clothing. Shepard let a dark smile cross his lips. \"I'm afraid that my young son here is quite swayed by the temptations of his baser instincts. And how did she taste, my son?\" Julian shrugged as he dragged his tongue along bloody fingers, as though savoring the juices of a roast. \"Good. Filthy. Like the streets. I can now say I've tried—and liked—urchin.\" He laughed as though he had no care in the world. Shep guffawed. \"Be careful of this one, friends,\" he said cheerily to his horrified guests. \"He's of good breeding, but still a bit in the feral phase.\" \"Gimme her eyes, Dad,\" Julian chirped. \"And where will you keep them?\" \"In a jar,\" Julian said casually. \"On my TV stand. They're pretty. Pretty like Mom's eyes.\" \"They'll go cloudy,\" Shep warned. \"Then I'll find another use for 'em.\" \"I apologize for my son,\" said Shep, though he sounded not a bit repentant. \"He has been rather…impulsive… since his mother passed.\" As though that explained and validated everything, he returned to the matter at hand. From his place in the corner, Bevans grimaced. He was not the only one in the room to do so.[Chapter 3] NOTE: short chapter. But there's terrible things to come in the next. -S.D. Shepard confronted his son not long after the incident. They were lounging around the drawing room in typical Sunday morning fashion, Shepard sitting with elegant posture in front of a copy of Business Insider Today . \"Did you know,\" he said, \"that missionaries are planning to build housing in Botswana?\" He snorted. \"How ridiculous. A waste of funds, don't you think?\" Julian didn't respond, his noise-cancelling headphones blasting so loudly that Shep could almost make out the lyrics of the screaming punk rock song that was playing. His son sat far less regally than his father, slumped with one leg hanging over the ornate wooden armrest of the antique chair, a long arm slung over the back. He was studiously engrossed in his smartphone. \"Julian. I'm speaking to you.\" No response or indication that his son had heard him at all. Shep ground his teeth. \"JULIAN WILLIAM LAMBRICK!\" This time the boy heard him. He pulled the headphones off with a huff of irritation. \"Yes, WHAT?! I'm listening, okay? You don't need to shout.\" \"Then what was I saying, hmm?\" Julian glanced at the magazine his father held. \"Business stuff…\" \"That's a bluff.\" Julian rolled his eyes in disgust. \"Dad, all this fucking business talk, day in, day out… I tune it out, okay? That's all you ever talk about.\" \"This 'business talk' is your future, boy.\" The younger Lambrick snorted and got up, tossing the headphones into the chair and tucking his phone into a pocket. Conversation over. At least he hadn't thrown anything. Shepard watched him go, eyes troubled. He knew better than to pursue him; nothing but a tantrum, or even violence, would come of it. But he had grown tired of the bad behavior; of the way his son utterly disrupted everything in his beloved household. Of course, Julian had never struck his father; never tried to harm him in any way. He liked to take his anger out on the furniture, walls, and expensive appliances instead, but his most delight came from tormenting the staff. While Shep found it to be an entertaining show for a while, he was starting to have trouble holding onto the help. People would quit left and right, especially the younger females. He would have been a little proud of his son's penchant for chaos if not for the fact that it was dipping into his pockets as new staff negotiated higher salaries and the regulars followed suit. They crossed paths at the dinner table one night, having not seen one another for nearly two days. Though Julian seemed agreeable enough to be present, he was, as always, uninterested in the spread before him and instead drummed his fingers on the table and poured glass after glass of top-shelf scotch. \"You need to eat something sometime,\" his father remarked. \"You're skinnier than you've ever been in your life.\" His son shrugged and took another drink. Shepard left that particular lecture for another time. He had other things to discuss. The elder Lambrick instead tucked into his squab, and around a mouthful of succulent meat, said, \"I'm thinking about having another party, Julian.\" Julian feigned interest. \"Another dinner party? Honestly, Dad, I was thinking you'd be running out of ideas by now.\" He huffed and turned the page of the magazine he had been perusing. Shepard was grateful that the publication had been the New York Times, instead of an abomination like Mad Magazine or Maxim or some such drivel. \"Well, it's different. This party has a catch,\" the elder Lambrick. His voice had grown uncharacteristically steely. \"Oh, c'mon now… What the hell kind of catch is it this time?\" \"Well…\" Shep swallowed and took a sip of wine. \"It's a little difficult to say this, from a father to his only offspring, but the catch is…well, you. Your active involvement. \" The iron in Shep's voice invited no protest, even from Julian, who had lowered both the magazine and the glass of scotch to stare at him, confused. \"My special arrangement of guests,\" Shepard continued, \"are interested in the company of younger men, if you will. Don't worry, there will be others in your age range. It will be a nice celebration of youth. But, Julian…the way you've been misbehaving lately leads you to be the likeliest candidate to be the star feature of this particular get together. How they do admire your beauty. My business partners remark upon it all the time, which gave me the idea. Never forget that looks were your mother's gift to you. That evening, you will use them. And perhaps learn some discipline while you're at it.\" \"…Um. Will there be chicks?\" \"Perhaps.\" Julian stared in bewilderment, and picked up his glass again with increasingly trembling fingers. After downing the entire glass and still unable to find a response, he decided to blow his father off as though he were an annoying housefly buzzing in the window. Empty threats, surely. Never before had he been mistreated by the elder Lambrick, and expected the same consistency that he had always fallen back on. Mournful, piteous maids; even the occasional stroke of Bevan's fingers down his back in a clumsy attempt to reassure him when he was very upset as a youth. He was quite accustomed to being touched, stroked, held…given the curse of his beautiful mother, he thought little of the gestures as time went on. He eventually surmised, in his childhood, that it was all a display for the staff to gain his father's favor. He tolerated most of it, but his jaw ground together when most of the help laid their hands on him. Lately, of course, none but Bevans would touch him no matter how long they'd tended to him growing up. And Bevans had long ceased to be gentle. Bevans left bruises. \"Okay Dad, sure,\" he laughed, trying to mask the beginnings of nervousness in his voice. \"Parade me around; do whatever the hell you like. You making some kinda money off of this?\" \"Money, a significant chunk of valuable land, and a share in Techcorp.\" Julian's father definitely had something to gain, indeed. Perhaps he'd miscalculated the levity of his father's proposal. The hand holding the scotch began to vibrate violently within his nervous fingers. \"You see, Julian, your behavior has become intolerable, even for me,\" said Shepard. \"Our friends have begun to disappear, as I'm sure you're well aware.\" \"If…if you're talking about that slut at the party, she had it coming. She asked for it. And I don't recall you objecting.\" Julian was beginning to sulk. \"I'm talking about the girl who 'fell' down the stairs last month. And the cleaning lady we found in one of the guests bathrooms with no pants and a plastic shower curtain taped around her head. And the fact that one of Margarite's eyes is missing and she refuses to name the one responsible.\" \"It was probably an accident, Dad, c'mon. Cut me a little slack, for fuck's sake. Accidents happen, goddamn it; these dumb bitches can hardly hold a mop without falling over it and breaking their necks and blaming every dumbfuck who has the means to pay a settlement. Christ's sake.\" He poured another glass, sloshing and clinking the glass in his frustration; by now the sulk had completely clouded over his features and his light eyes had grown stormy. \"Everything that happens lately, it's always blame Julian .\" \"Perhaps,\" his father said, his voice light and dismissive again, unwilling to inspire his offspring's wrath at the dinner table. \"Listen, boy: I won't discuss this again. I can see how it upsets you. Forget I mentioned anything.\" Julian snorted into the remainder of the scotch in his glass, downed it expressionlessly and got up to leave, taking the rest of the bottle with him. He didn't leave his room for the next several days except to scream at Bevans for more alcohol. By the second day he had forgotten all about what his father had said.[Chapter 4] One late afternoon, Shepard Lambrick approached the door to his son's room. Naturally, it was shut, and likely bolted. Receiving no response, he knocked harder; pounded really, using his fist. Immediately the blaring music stopped and a voice sounded from inside the room. \"WHAT?! I told you assholes not to bother me!\" \"Julian,\" said Shep, \"it's your father. Open up; I need to talk to you.\" There was an exaggerated sign and presently Shepard heard the latch click. The door opened a pinch and his son's pale, blue-green eye peered out at him. \"Oh. Hey. Listen, I didn't do anything if you've come to yell at me. I've been in here all week.\" He opened his door further and made a grand, sweeping gesture of his quarters, which were surprisingly tidy. Perhaps he had been taking his medication after all. Shep pushed past his son and stepped into the room, taking a seat on one of the well-padded chairs that littered the room. \"Sit,\" he said, gesturing to the boy's huge bed. Julian arched a quizzical brow, but did as he was bidden. \"There's going to be a party this evening for my business partners.\" Julian rolled his eyes. \"I don't want to go anywhere, okay? I just wanna stay here.\" \"You will,\" his father assured. The farthest you have to go is downstairs; make an appearance. And I want you to wear the tux. The nice one. The three-piece.\" \"Oh, c'mon; that thing is so damn uncomfor—\" \"You will wear it, just for tonight. I want you looking your most splendid. I want Marta to do your hair. You will represent this family with the grace and good looks we are known for.\" Julian's eyes could not have rolled further back in his head. He didn't notice Bevans appear in the doorway. \"You can't possibly think I'm going to go along with this,\" Julian muttered, and then noticed the butler pass a bright green bottle to his father, who held it up temptingly, jiggling it a little. Julian narrowed his eyes. \"Whuzzat?\" Shep smiled like a contented cat. \"Absinthe. From Amsterdam. The real stuff. I know how much you love it, and it is a rare thing to acquire.\" Julian's mouth hung open slightly and his eyes shone greedily. Perfect. \"If,\" said Shep, \"you agree to do this for me, the whole bottle is yours. You can chase the green fairy for the rest of the fucking week, I don't care. You'll get it after the party is over. Deal?\" \"Shit…okay, okay. Fine.\" Julian sighed. \"Just get out of here and let me get ready.\" Shepard could not resist crossing the room and resting a fond hand on the top of his son's honey colored head. \"That's my boy.\" Julian scowled but was nonetheless pleased. He loved that bitter crap. He loved bribery even more. Julian was a bit puzzled as he leaned over the railing of the upstairs hallway, peering down at the guests in the foyer below. There were many older men, dressed as impeccably as their pocketbooks would allow, but there were also a number of boys roughly Julian's age; some even looked younger. His father was the most dapper Julian had ever seen him, presiding over conversation with the grace, civility, and good humor of a lord. No young women anywhere to be seen; only older broads who clutched their husband's arms like they clutched their handbags, trying desperately to look elegant and managing only to look put out. A moue of disgust twisted his lips. Eventually, Shepard's gaze found itself on his son, and he smiled broadly and swept his hands out in front of him. \"Ah! Esteemed guests, my son Julian has made his appearance! Come on down, my boy!\" There was murmuring amongst the crowd as Julian descended the stairs, trying to remain as stoic as possible. He held his head high, aloof, as he had been taught as a boy to do in polite company. He allowed the eyes of strangers to peruse him, examine him, some simply staring with a hunger that made his stomach feel jittery. He reached the bottom of the stairs and regarded his father's guests with mock friendliness. \"Hello, all. Pleased to meet you.\" \"Such a polite boy,\" murmured one of the gentleman next to Shepard, who could almost hear Bevans snort from his place in the entryway. He turned toward the butler and waved. \"Bevans, if you please, could you have the servers bring out the buffet?\" The butler disappeared into the hall that lead to the kitchens without a word. Shep gestured to the two long wooden tables glistening with crystal glasses and tumblers, silver buckets of ice and chilled whiskey stones, and a plethora of expensive libations. \"Please,\" he crowed happily, \"indulge! There's plenty more where that comes from; don't be shy!\" As the guests busied themselves, the elder Lambrick made his way over to his son, still standing at the base of the staircase, and seized his a little roughly in between the shoulder and neck. Julian recoiled, but Shep pinched a little harder. \"Now, son, I need you to do me a favor.\" He dug around in his pocket until he produced six large, white pills. \"I want you to take these, with some scotch, forthwith.\" Julian gaped. \"But...but these aren't my pills.\" \"No matter. They'll help. Promise.\" \"But I've been good for weeks,\" he protested, trying not to make his voice too loud. \"I don't need them. I'm not even planning on drinking .\" \"I can have Bevans help you, if you like,\" said Shep with mock tenderness, enjoying the shudder that went through his son. His pretty son. Julian tried one more weak attempt at refusal even as the capsules were shoved into his hand and the grip on his shoulder tightened. Shep turned, still holding onto his son, and retrieved a drink off of a small serving table to the right of him. \"See? I've got your drink already.\" The hand on Julian's shoulder released him to gently entwine his fingers into his son's hair. His wife's hair. Within himself, especially after the few drinks that he had already downed, he felt that familiar burn that had haunted him since she had died. He wanted his gentle wife back, even if it was a reincarnation in the form of his son. His mood darkened again. He was going to teach the boy humility. He would have another piece of his wife back. He would force it, if he had to. Fuck. Forget forcing it if he had to. He was forcing it now . Julian palmed the huge white pills, as though ready to hurl them somewhere or secret them inside a pocket. \"If you like,\" said his father, \"I could have Bevans take you upstairs and help you. You may have to fix your suit after.\" That seemed to do it. Julian seized the drink with a glower that would've stopped a clock, slopping a bit of it in his anger, and shoved the pills down his throat all at once, swallowing them and chasing them with the liquor. He looked sullenly at his father, who was busy appreciating how much the boy could fit down his throat without retching. Part of him felt repulsed at the thought, but the lively chatter of his guests drowned out the feeling well enough. \"That's my boy,\" he soothed, smoothing the boy's lapel. \"Now, go mingle if you like. If you get tired of it, you can sit in my chair.\" That was an odd offer. No one sat in Shep's grand armchair that lorded over the rest of the furniture that occupied the social room except Shep. It was one of his overt pretenses. Calf leather, trimmed with genuine bronze sculptures that flanked every side. Julian sighed and made his way into the crowd, if only to find a small corner in which to seclude himself, when he was beset by gentlemen old and young alike. He could rarely answer one question when another one was asked, and then another, and soon they began touching him, laying hands on his suit, his neck, his cheeks, his hair. Holding his elegant hands, marveling that he must be a musician, a pianist probably, (which he most certainly was not ). After a short time of trying to summon his typical anger and disgust, he instead found himself willing and off guard. He glanced around to see other young men being accosted in a similar manner, though none had as much attention on them as he did. He peered around at his devotees with oddly bleary eyes, and could not find even a bit of himself that particularly rejected this attention. Shepard watched from an alcove, Bevans alongside him. They were grinning. Within about forty-five minutes, things had…degraded. Most of the young boys were in some state of undress, very inebriated, and happily enjoying the caresses and attention that the old businessmen showered upon them. The old men themselves were well drunk, and perhaps under different chemical influences given the abandonment of their fancy facades in favor of lust and tasting the forbidden fruits of Shepard Lambrick's special party. Drink after drink, probably spiked, the most of them, were thrust upon Julian, who by this time was inebriated enough to drink them without a second thought. His mouth was dry, his heart was pounding, his skin was warm. Hell, several parts of him were warm. He had time to wonder what his father had given him in those hazy days of the party's start when a man in about his forties, huge like a bodybuilder and in a suit that strained at the biceps and neck, seized him bodily and suctioned his lips into the youngest Lambrick's. Julian had enough left in him to fight and struggle a bit, but the man crushed him in his bulky arms and squeezed him until Julian could feel his ribs grind together. He jerked his head away from the man's mouth. \"N...no, fucking stop it,\" he half hissed, half-slurred, and lifted his fingers to the man's face, trying to gouge him with his nails. He was dimly aware of the cheer than had gone up amongst the crowd and certainly could not place its meaning. His fingernails sought the man's eyes and found purchase. The man wheeled away, dropping Julian to the floor, and staggered about the room with blood dripping from his face, screaming epithets. Shepard's laugh was the loudest of all, seconded only by Bevans'. \"You see my boy?\" he exclaimed. \"A fighter through and through. Be careful, gentlemen! One must always use caution when approaching a Lambrick!\" He seemed ecstatic in his moment, flushed with libations and pride. Julian never made it off of the floor. The pills had kicked in fully, and he lay limp, exhausted; doll-like as feet milled around him, hands touched him reverently. He had the presence of thought to wish he had made it to the chair, but it was miles away now. He couldn't even lift his head. It didn't even register when hands began to remove his jacket and dress shirt, expensive cufflinks clattering to the hardwood floor, bowtie yanked apart and off with all the grace of an undertaker's final preparations. He let it happen, barely aware, as the sounds of many people arguing above him began to assault what little, cottony hearing he had left. Unmistakeable, he heard his father's voice above the din, husing everyone. \"Gentleman, please, please… I have given to you what I will of him. I would now like to invite our most honorable of guests, James Worthington, heir to the oil company that bears his regal name, to take the boy and do with him what he likes. For the rest of you, the fun with my son has ended, but please continue to enjoy the food and drink, and the many young men who have agreed to be your party favors for the night.\" The feet that had surrounded Julian blessedly retreated, and he lay his head on the floor, closing his eyes, grateful that he had endured the worst of it. He had completely missed the part about James Worthington. He was convinced that someone, Bevans probably, would lift him up and carry him to his warm bed so that he could sleep the oddity of the night away. It wasn't Bevans who approached him, though. Kneeling down, he smelled the acrid, minty tang of expensive cologne, and suddenly warm hands were running up his torso, rubbing his chest, up to his tender throat, stroking his neck and hair. He found that he couldn't speak; could not protest or even ask who this stranger was that was touching him as a lover might. He opened glassy eyes to behold the blurry image of a man who look in his mid fifties, and had the air of a mafia Don right down to the golden cufflinks and even more golden necklace that draped across the hairy expanse o his chest that was exposed by his loosened tie. \"Hello, boy,\" he said, and his accent was no doubt from Brooklyn. \"Come with me now. I'll carry ya. Youre light enough.\" He chuckled and slid warm arms beneath Julian, scooping the boy up with practiced ease and letting his head flop sideways as though he were dead. Julian now safely and complacently in his arms, he turned to Bevans, Shepard long gone to mingle and talk about the night's festivities amongst his guests with the good humor he was known for. Bevans merely smiled and gestured up the stairs. Third room on your right, Mr. Worthington. Mind that you lock the door.\" \"Of course, my good man,\" replied Worthington. Julian could feel the rumble of his chest against his cheek. All thoughts of struggle had been replaced by an overwhelming sense of exhaustion and indifference. \"By the way,\" called Bevans as they ascended the staircase, \"You'll find the...tools... laid out on the large table by the door.\" \"Splendid,\" said Worthington, and continued up the stairs with his prize. Julian had no idea what Bevans was talking about, and couldn't bring himself to care. Once in Julian's bedroom, Worthington kicked the door closed and latched it with a free hand. He carefully approached Julian's bed, but tossed him onto it with the least possible care he could have mustered. He crouched by the side of the bed and watched Julian with glittering eyes. Julian watched back, completely thrown for a loop. What was happening? Worthington himself began the explanation. \"You know, my son,\" he murmured, \"I am one of your father's oldest business partners. We started in the black market. I sold things…illegal things, knicked Rolexes, ladies' diamonds, body parts, you name it. My trade of choice was the trafficking of young boys, young men. Some little girls. I have a specialty in teaching them to behave themselves and not resist. Your father and I got on well. He traded ivory for a time. We are compliments to one another. So when he came to me a couple of months ago, complaining about you; your attitude, your fits, your tendency to victimize those weaker than you, well, I had to agree to his request to try my hand at you. And that's precisely what's going to happen tonight. I know you're drugged, Julian,\" he said lowly, and painfully gripped the young man's narrow chin, \"but if you try anything on me I will make you regret the very moment your dead mother squirted you out into the world.\" Julian's eyes, for perhaps the first time in his life, were wide with abject horror. He tried to struggle, but Worthington swiftly produced a boxcutter from his pocket and swiftly, with force, dragged it down the boy's exposed torso. Julian grunted as he felt warm blood begin to leak down his sides, into the front of his pants. \"I'm not playing with you, am I, Julian?\" Julian forced words that were hard coming. \"N-no..no, sir…\" \"Sir. That's more like it. We're making progress already.\" Worthington leaned forward, swiped thick fingers in the blood with a reverent sigh. He brought the fingers to his lips and sucked them deeply, rolling his eyes back as the taste hit his palate. After a while, he smiled at the boy with all the geniality of Santa Claus. \"Can you sit up, boy? I do hope you can.\" Julian obliged, ignoring the sting. Worthington hummed lightly as he observed him, reaching over to hook his thick, bloody fingers into the boy's waistband, leaving scarlet smears on skin and clothes. \"So, Julian… Anyone ever tell you that you have a pretty mouth?\" Julian froze. Worthington laughed. \"Of course they have, even if it wasn't to your face. Do you have any idea what I'd like you to do with that mouth?\" That was enough. Julian whirled about on the bed, heading to exit from the other side despite his drugged floundering. He struggled to get his limbs moving, frustrated with the time he was wasting, until suddenly he found a scream torn from his throat as a blade—probably the boxcutter—seared itself deeply down his back; deeply enough to catch on bones, and opening a gigantic, flayed wound which immediately bled copiously into the well-cared for Egyptian cotton sheets. Despite this he still made it off the bed, a huge flap of muscle swinging from his flank, and made for the table on which someone had laid out an amount of lethal tools of torture. Worthington was meeting him halfway, so he reached into a nearby drawer and seized one of his Damascus dagger, tucking it inside the bloody waistband of his boxers. He prayed it would remain there. As expected, Worthington intercepted him, hovering over him and forcing Julian to his knees. Julian tried not to whimper in pain as his chin was grabbed and the other man went to work unfastening his own trousers. \"Now, now, boy,\" said the older man, petting Julian's golden hair. The nerve , the youngest Lambrick seethed. The fucking nerve to stroke me like a mother . Julian was practiced at fellatio. It was his duty young in life to impress upon his father's business bigshots that he was of delightful use even in his young age. But it had been ages. And this man..he hated this man like no other. He was becoming dizzy with blood loss and the remainder of the pills his father had fed him. Finally, the inevitable moment came. \"Suck it,\" Worthington demanded. Julian scowled despite himself and was cuffed soundly about the head with what felt like a billy club. \"SUCK IT, SUCK ME OFF,\" the mob boss nearly shouted, and Julian relented. \"Yes sir, Mr. Worthington.\" \"What was that?\" \"A…Anything you like, Mr. Worthington. Anything. Please don't cut me again.\" Worthington smiled broadly. \"Atta boy, Jules. You've learned manners. Won't your father be proud. Now, get to work.\" Julian took the man into his mouth, his tongue velvet and skilled and knowing every part to hit. Worthington found himself moaning loudly despite his pledge of discretion. God , the boy was good. So very good. He seemed to have literally no gag reflex. He pushed forever inward, and was only met with more velvet, caressing him, sucking him, perfect teeth running ahis length for emphasis. He never noticed the tears streaming down Julian's pale face. If he had, he certainly would not have cared. \"Please, sir\", was all that he truly wanted to hear. And the same went for his father as well.[Chapter 5] Worthington spent another hour with the boy, drunk himself and feeling cruel (and horny beyond belief). By this time Julian was slumped on the floor, utterly used, his bare back against the mattress and box spring, which was rapidly turning crimson from the horrible wound in his back. He saw the older man pick something sharp up off of the small table, studying it thoughtfully. \"Please,\" Julian whispered in a broken whisper. \"Hmm?\" The elder man turned his gaze from the object to look at the boy, head cocked. \"What was that, Julian?\" \"Please,\" Julian repeated, voice faint and raspy. \"Please what?\" the man urged. \"Please don't…hurt me anymore.\" Worthington smiled and put the weapon back down on the table. \"Do you think that perhaps you can behave yourself from now on? Have you learned your lesson? Violent people like you only learn from violence.\" Julian nodded as best he could. \"I…I learned, Mr…\" \"Worthington,\" said the older man, voice friendly enough. \"I can't blame you for forgetting, kiddo. Will you now behave for your father when he asks you to?\" \"…Yeah.\" Worthington smiled like the cat who had caught the canary. \"Good. And if you go back on your word, your father will call me again.\" The youngest Lambrick suppressed a shudder, which sent a bolt of pain through him. For all intents and purposes, the boy looked wrecked and repentant enough. Worthington thought it a good time to take his leave, and turned toward the bathroom to begin dressing again. He didn't hear Julian get up from the floor, nor did he hear him pad across the bedroom, grabbing a serrated carving knife from the small table. The older man shrieked in surprise and disbelief as he felt a blade plunge deeply into his back, below the back of the neck. He whirled around, free hand out to grab the boy's wrist, but Julian moved the knife so quickly that the downward sweep of Worthington's hand was impaled upon the blade. A terrible dance ensued, with him trying to free his bleeding hand and grabbing at Julian with the other. The boy was something different than he had seen all evening; his dull, pleading eyes had grown disturbingly dark in shade and his thin face was a mask of fury. He wobbled on his feet, but managed to dance right along with the mobster until he was able to wrench the blade free from the man's palm with a squeal of bone and a rip of tendons and, fast as lightning, plunge it into the base of the older man's throat, twisting the knife for good measure. Worthington fell then, mouth working, and Julian straddled him, grinning maniacally. Shepard and Bevans had heard the scream and both raced upstairs, the butler using a spare key to get the lock undone. Making someone scream with such pain wasn't part of the plan, just subtle humiliation and discomfort until a lesson was learned. They burst the door open to a truly horrific sight. The entire room was splattered in red, and there was Julian, topless, fly undone, straddling Mr. Worthington and stabbing him in the chest again and again and again, screaming nonsense words, tears running down his red-streaked cheeks. There was a gaping and horrific wound in his back, the chunk of muscle that had been sheared partially off swaying with every downstroke of the boy's bloody hands. Blood dripped from his mouth, either from biting Worthington or by personal injury, but when Shepard screamed at his son to stop, Julian turned his head and spit the red liquid as hard as he could, splattering his father's dress shirt and face, and continued driving the knife into the obviously deceased mobster, this time stabbing deep into the quivering mass of his gut, sending gore and chunks of what looked like white suet flying. \"Bevans!\" Shep cried. \"Get him, for Christ's sake!\" The large man bolted across the room with a quickness that belied his size, and as quick as you please had wrapped both thick arms around Julian, effectively pinning his arms to his body. Julian tried to retaliate, but his hands were of no use, and so he dropped the weapon and let himself go limp in the man's arms, much as he had done as a young boy after a tantrum. Shep appproached Bevans. \"Have someone call Dr. Calderon immediately. Immediately .\" It was over. Julian let his head loll on Bevan's shoulder as Shepard approached him, carefully scrutinizing his face. He gave him a tight smile. \"A fighter, like I was.\" \"Daddy,\" whispered Julian, and closed his eyes.[Chapter 6] Shepard could not bring himself to face his son until the following evening. The staff cared for him on the regular, tending to his wounds, trying to soothe him as best they knew how (which was very little). There was a surprising amount of silence emanating from Julian's bedroom, which began to ring the alarm bells loudly enough that Shepard eventually found it necessary to visit his son and see what had been keeping him so docile. He didn't bother to knock; the door was swung open partway to begin with. Odd. His son was lying in his bed, shirtless but swathed in huge, bloodstained bandages. His eyes were blank. There were bruises on his face and neck. His fists twisted in the velour comforter. Shep took a nearby chair and dragged it over to his son's bedside. Julian watched with the detachment of an animal caught in a trap of which there was no escape. Strangely, though, Shepard saw no betrayal there. \"How are you, boy?\" Julian merely stared at him, eyes moist from either painkillers, booze, or something else that was too painful for the elder Lambrick to consider. \"It wasn't meant to go as it did,\" Shep offered, feeling trite. \"I didn't realize that Worthington had such an appetite for you.\" He paused, considering the next question, and finally dove into it. \"Did he…did he do other things to you? Sexual things?\" Julian immediately buried his face in the blanket but gave no reply. His pale hand, lying limply against the pillow, resembled his mother's so much that Shepard could not help himself and took it in his own, smoothing his fingers over the fine bones of his son's knuckles. The nails were still caked with blood. Julian weakly tried to pull back, but his heart wasn't in it. He allowed his father to stroke him without a word, as his mother had when he was young. \"No one will hurt you again, Julian. I promise this as your father. This past incident was a grave miscalculation on my part. I'm sorry, Jules.\" There was silence for a while, and then a quiet, broken moan from the bed. \"Mom…I want Mom…\" Shepard's heart immediately shattered, and he could no longer keep the moisture from his eyes. Feeling weak and a failure to his late wife, the worst feeling he had ever felt, he could stand it no longer and left his son's bedside, noisily dragging the chair back to its original place. It was time for a stiff drink. Perhaps several. Alone. \"Daddy, daddy…\" Julian moaned again, pale bloody hand reaching out for comfort, but there was no longer anyone there to comfort him. \"Have you been administering the boy's medications as the doctor has requested?\" Shepard asked Bevans after a couple of scotches and a few cigarettes. He was leaning in an ornate armchair and rubbing his temples. \"Of course, sir,\" replied Bevans. \"…And?\" \"He hasn't fought it. Placid as a doll.\" He chuckled wryly. \"It seems that you did truly teach the boy a lesson.\" One minute Shep was staring incredulously at his butler, and the next he was hurling the glass of scotch at him and screaming at him to get out of his sight for the rest of the day. Bevans hurried away, exasperated and more than a little confused. He instructed his employees to avoid the elder Lambrick until dawn the next day. Not one person protested, even though Littlest Lambrick needed medication. Too bad for now. Both Lambricks spent the night alone, the younger's face streaming with tears that he did not even realize were there until the pillow was damp and he rolled over in exasperation. Shepard, on the other hand, was well aware of his own. The night heralded a dark grey dawn that barely lit the French windows and left the house a collection of morose shadows. This house, the embodied spirit of the Lambrick family. Wealth and opulence and without a shred of joy. Bevans woke Shepard from a sound, whiskey-induced slumber, shaking him urgently. \"Whaaa…\" was the best thing Shep could think of to say. \"I'm sorry sir, terribly sorry, but Julian is trying to get up out of bed. I'm afraid he's got hold of those knives again, sir.\" \"SHIT,\" the elder Lambrick cried, leaping out of bed and tossing on a ornate robe. He tore barefoot out of the room and up the stairs, Bevans puffing along behind him. When he finally got the door open and surveyed the scene, he saw that the Damascus knives were not the only thing his son had been hurling about the room. His bed was stripped bare, sheets and blankets as bloody as his bandages and strewn all over the room. Weapons of all sorts, most of which Shepard knew nothing about, were lodged in the walls, in the furniture, in the new TV. It looked as though Julian had scraped his sharp nails savagely down his face, and beneath his eyes and his cheeks bled freely like the statue of Madonna that so many around the world had come to revere. No one revered Julian, however. The anxious staff watched horrified from around the corners of the doorway, hesitant and more than unwilling to help, as Bevans clutched his meaty hands to his temples and pled silently that no more could come of this, not today. The elder Lambrick, showing a nerve he was unaccustomed to adopting, carefully made his way to the bare mattress that his son was leaning on, obviously in pain but too angry to do anything about it. He showed no sign of knowing that his father, much less the others, were there. Strangled snarls of fury and frustration tore themselves from a raspy throat, and he would intermittently seize his golden head by the temples and rock back and forth, keening in a way that chilled the blood. But Shepard contined his slow, careful approach. Finally, he ventured to speak. \"Julian…\" A moan answered him and something was thrown in his direction, but missed its mark by a meter at least. Julian returned to his mindless rocking. Shep continued to step closer, until, with his heart in his throat, he sat carefully on the edge of the mattress, prepared for the worst. \"Julian, it's me. It's...it's Dad. It's just me.\" Immediately the keening and rocking stopped, and Julian slowly turned his head to peer at his father. He stared at him through a bloody, rent face. \" You ,\" he hissed. \" You did this to me.\" \"Julian, no,\" Shep said, spreading his hands in placation. \"I simply wanted you to learn constraint, so you could rule this great fortune, this great empire, along with me. I… I misjudged. I picked the wrong man. What you did to him was right. It was right , Jules.\" Julian was caught off guard by the sound of his father's pet name. His eyes roved wildly about the room, and then settled on his father again. \"You're sorry?\" \"I'm so dreadfully sorry, pet.\" At that, Julian visibily sagged, and his father took him carefully into his arm, rocking him like he did when the boy was tiny. He felt Julian's head rest onto his shoulder and had to stifle a sigh of contentment. You're your own Lambrick now.\" No one could see the grin that crossed Julian's features after that.[Chapter 7] Author's note: TRIGGERS TRIGGERS TRIGGERS. Oh, and drug use. And bloodplay. Aren't I a charming little lass?\" -SD Even after Julian had healed enough to be back to his former self, he rarely spoke to his father. He stayed in his room mostly, sometimes wandering the grounds with a pensiveness that Shepard had never before witnessed. The pout was gone, replaced by a sincere sense of melancholy and quite a bit of anger, which manifested in a scowl that cowed even Bevans, who would find any excuse to be absent of the young man's presence. The elder Lambrick dared not approach his son and instead invested himself in more and more of the scotch that he had begun to order in bulk. He found himself lost in thought more than he ever had been before, during his successful career and delight in lavish parties. Lost in memories, lost in guilt. That terrible guilt, which he had never felt before the passing of his wife. Powerful and wealthy as he was, he was beginning to feel like nothing. A waste of life; a failure. While his father lamented downstairs, locked in his study, Julian one day found himself climbing up the stairs to his room, reaching the landing and entering the door to his room, locking it (even though, despite his mental instability, he could not figure out why there was still a lock on it, after all sort of dickens that he had pulled in there). He was grateful for it, though. He had plans this afternoon. Shepard didn't hear the door to his son's room shut and latch; he was far too deep in his study to hear it. He studied his fourth glass of scotch, misty-eyed as he thought of his late wife and how it had been solely his fault that she had passed so soon. No, he couldn't bear to think about it deeper than just an alighting on the fringes of his memory. That piercing, but passing feeling of guilt and horror. Horror, for a man like Shepard Lambrick, was something akin to snow in the desert in midsummer. He had never even truly felt it for his son when his son had turned to outright destruction and bloodlust, lacking the class and elegance his father had hoped would be instilled in the boy. It was a lost cause, he was beginning to realize. The boy was a lost cause. No trace of his mother but his beauty; but the soul underneath was poisonous, even for a sadist like Shepard. He sighed into his drink, and swigged it with the most depression he had ever felt in his life. My boy , he thought. My only boy. My only gift from her. And what a terrible gift it was turning out to be. Julian pushed the door closed until it latched and the lock clicked into place. He pressed his cheek against the doorframe and smiled. He went to his private liquor cabinet first, reverently turning the key and retrieving a bottle of Bacardi 151, the bottle of absinth his father had persuaded him with, and a large paper envelope that contained a significant amount of angel dust. \"Gonna get wet,\" he chuckled to himself, and for the first time that day wondered if he was going to kill himself, whether he meant to or not. No matter, really. What happened would happen. He was out to teach a lesson, alive or no. He would make the bastard suffer, in life or death, for what was done to him. He dumped his payload onto the newly-made bed and flopped down on it, careless of the glass bottles clinking with his movement. Grabbing the stereo remote, he tuned in to his favorite heavy metal station and let Marilyn Manson's The Beautiful People wash over him. He identified with this song more than he would ever had admitted, and soon found himself swigging the 151 as though it were lemonade, nodding along to the lyrics. He grew bored of the burning, though, and started in on the absinthe. He needed no sugar cube to pour it over; the bitter taste was just fine for him. He always had a bitter taste in his mouth nowadays, anyway. He drank half the bottle, chasing not the green fairy but the dogged whispering of his thoughts, his baser instincts, the ones that wanted to destroy him. He nearly passed out, but his roving eyes settle on the envelope on his nightstand and a new purpose, and new vigor, overcame him. He grabbed it, stuffed it into the weed pipe he kept on the nightstand, and inhaled as deeply as his lungs would allow. Once, twice, three times. It took hold immedistely, filling him with a crazed vigor. \"She says she talk to angels,\" he chortled. \"They call her out by her name…\" He felt the pipe slipping out of his grasp and quickly replaced it to its original home on the nightstand. It was time, now. Time for the answer to all his wants and needs and longings. He could barely walk, which ruled out the use of the Damascus daggers. Instead he reached beneath his mattress and was relieved to find a sharp bite of metal there. The razor blade that his dad had once used to dispatch a particularly troublesome business partner who didn't know when enough was enough and to quit badgering the elder Lambrick. Julian had knicked it without a moment's hesitation or suspicion. As he pulled it out from between the mattress, he murmured to himself. \" When all of your wishes are granted, all of your dreams will be destroyed ….\" The angel dust was making him slump, almost falling off the side of the mattress, and with great effort he righted himself back into an upright position, palming the blade and smiling when he felt the deep sting of it cutting his palm. Solid. Real. The only thing that had seemed real in weeks. He loosened his grip but still held it reverently. Oh, but this was going to be good. The speedball he kept in a drawer should do the trick of picking him up enough to do the deed. He fished out one of the syringes Bevans had used on him from the garbage can and made his bleary way to his dresser drawer; third one down, under his socks. It was right where he had left it, and he found himself grinning and he loaded up the syringe and tapped as many bubbles out as he could. He stalked back to his bed, leaned half-sitting against the plethora of pillows, and fished his belt out from the waistband of his pants. He wrapped it around his right arm, as tightly has he could manage, and was soon reward with a bulging vein in his forearm. He fished the needle in, probing until blood filled the chamber, mixing with the drug, and depressed the plunger with a sigh that could have been interpreted as purely sexual. As he waited to perk up he felt it almost immediately, and was pleased. Just the right amount of cocktail for his thin body. Just the right amount. He was ready now. He turned the stereo from loud to ear-blasting, and took the razor blade, regal with its ornate bone handle, and pressed it against the skin of his arm. He steeled himself and dragged it heavily up the length of his forearm, surprisingly excited by the sensation of the pain and of the warm, pulsing blood that flowed down his and onto his impeccable white sheets. He laughed out loud, still high as fuck, and then thought to experiment in other places. Lifting his shirt to expose an emaciated stomach, he did the same with the razor. It hurt more, but he enjoyed it nonetheless, and continued in a sort of trance until the expanse of his bellow and chest were so covered in lacerations that there was not even a half inch of room to add any further. \"Prick your finger it is done; The moon has now eclipsed the sun \"The angel has spread his wings; The time has come for bitter things\" Beholding the damage, the bloodshed, he began to laugh so loudly; more screaming than actual mirth, such that all of the house could hear him, and Shepard, deep in drink as he was, heard the odd sound and raced wobbly up the stairs to his son's room, kicking the door until he thought his leg would break. Finally the lock gave way and he stumbled inside. The sight of the blood-soaked bed sheets and the equally bloody figure of his shirtless son was disturbing enough, but it was the way that Julian was laughing, holding his slick, bloody sides, that chilled him beyond anything he could have ever imagined. Julian turned to face his father after hearing his dismayed gasp and the smack of Shep's hands clapping over his mouth, eyes wide in terror. \"Oh, hi, Daddy,\" said Julian calmly. \"I made you a present. You like presents, don't you? It's your favorite color and everything.\" He held out his streaming wrists, bared his mutilated torso. The belt loop was still around his arm and the syringe remained in his skin. \"This is what you wanted after Mama died. So, consider it an early birthday gift. Enjoy, you hateful, fuckmothering bastard.\" Despite his horror, despite the slight niggling urge to help his only son, Shep found himself backing out of the doorway on staggering feet. He thought of calling Bevans, but would he help after all that had transpired? The boy had become a liability. Julian laughed him all the way out the door, down the stair, and into his study, where he bolted the door with a keening cry and could hear no more but the whispering of his own panic.[Chapter 8] Bevans first heard about the horror that had taken place in Julian's room buy the broken sobbing of his Master, deep within his study but keening so loud that he could be heard above all the ruckus of the house. Extremely alarmed, he burst the door open, though the usually policy was to knock first, and found Shepard slumped on the floor, obviously severely intoxicated, and weeping out words that Bevans had trouble making out. \"Dead…I did…my fault…no gift at all…a demon…he'd be her demon…\" \"Sir?\" inquired Bevans gently. At first he got no response, but then his employer muttered, \"Shep.\" \"I…I'm sorry?\" \"Call me Shep, Bevans. I'm in no state of mind to acknowledge formality.\" \"I understand,\" Bevans said automatically, but his face twisted in confusion and concern. \"Sir…Shep…What happened?\" \"My son,\" Shep wailed, pounding his fists against his forehead. \"That...thing...in his room, half-dead…said it was a gift to me…\" \"What?!\" Bevans bellowed, and swiftly turned to go up the stair to his employer's son's bedchamber. What the hell had happened now? The door to Julian's chambers was hanging off kilter due to Shepard's kicking, and it was just a matter of gently shoving in open before Bevans was in the room. The room itself looked neat enough; no sign of the characteristic fits that Julian would pitch when the mood took him. All was neat and tidy, save for a few open drawers with their contents scattered on the floor, as though Julian had been hunting for something in there in a hurry. But then, he looked at the bed. It was Julian sprawled on it, all right, covered loosely with a thin blanket as though to ward off a chill. The radio was on, but the young man appeared oblivious to the loud music. The blanket he had dragged over his torso was soaked with blood. Bevans hurried over, and though he had never felt any prior fondness for the boy, he felt something in his chest wrench when he lifted the blanket away. The boy had carved the ever loving hell out of himself. Deeply. The bone-handled straight razor was on the sheets beside him; Bevans recognized it as belonging to Shep. Julian's arm was a purple and red mass of pulsing veins and exposed muscle where he had slashed it with the old blade. The other arm still had a syringe sticking out of the vein, dangling precariously. The belt held the bleeding from the puncture mostly at bay. Bevans made sure the boy was breathing; he was as pale as death and might well have looked like any junkie dead in an alley in the seedier part of town. But this boy…no. He did not belong in this state. He was born of privilege, of his parent's good genes and his parent's even better money, schooled at the finest of universities with no trouble having decent grades. A dark and cruel streak had been his only real flaw, and to Bevans and his father it was not something to be concerned about at all, for they both shared similar traits. Feeling more emotion than he had ever felt for the child of his employer, he gently took the soiled boacket away and brushed a meaty hand against the young man's forehead. It was neither freezing or feverish , which was a good sign, but that was not the reason Bevans had done it. An unfamiliar sense of sympathy struck him hard in the chest; this beautiful young man, with such promise, driven to destroy himself in the name of god-knew-what. Bevans felt sure that Julian would survive, but he would be bedridden for some time. Carefully, almost tenderly, he removed the syringe, undid the belt, and held a firm thumb over the puncture to stop it flowing. After he was satisfied that that particular trouble was done, he staked to the bathroom and gathered a plethora of gauze from the bathroom cupboard, and proceed to gently but firmly wrap the boy's mangled arm to protect it. He had seen raw cuts of beef at the butcher's that looked healthier than this wound. Bevans nodded to himself, wet some of the gauze with hydrogen peroxide, and began to clean the blood from the boy's torso. Julian squirmed and tried to thrash as the chemical bubbled and fizzed on his raw wounds, but before Bevans could stop himself he began to utter words of comfort, placing gentle hands on the boy to carefully restrain him. \"Hush, boy,\" he murmured. \"This is helping. Don't struggle. Just...bloody hell. Just lie still, Master Julian. You…You're okay. You're alive; you're going to survive.\" The boy moaned weakly, whether from the pain or the assurance that he would survive, Bevans could not be sure. His thoughts stumbling, he heard himself blurt out, \"I've got you, lad. You're okay. You're fine. You will be okay.\" He had been looking down with embarrassment, but when he looked to the boy's face again he could see tears streaming down. Julian made no sound, did not sob or hitch his breath, but his eyes leaked like rivers, pooling and soaking into the red-tinged pillow beneath his head. \"Bevans,\" he managed to whisper, his voice a ghost amidst the sound of the radio. \"Bevans…I wanna die. Please. Please.\" \"It won't happen, boy,\" Bevans said sternly. \"You're born of good blood. You're smart, like your parents. You're powerful, even if you don't realize it yet. You have a great legacy to inherit. You…\" he trailed off for a second, throat working in a way he had never felt. \"You're going to be just fine. You'll make them proud.\" Julian turned his face away from Bevans and said nothing for the remainder of the time they spent together. The doctor same not soon after, and treated Julian with sutures, antibiotics, and morphine. As he did so, the staff changed out the bloody bedding for fresh, clean sheets and blankets; soft, jersey ones to avoid chafing or catching. When he seemed settled, Bevans rejoined his employer in his study. \"Sir, I have news,\" he murmured, noticing how close to passing out Shep was in his chair. \"'S- Shep,\" he muttered, almost dropping his glass. \"Of course, Shep. Your son will be all right, everything has been tidied. He is in a fresh bed. He's been properly seen after. You've nothing to worry about.\" Shepard let out a bark of laughter than had to have hurt his throat. \"Isn't that nice. We'll see, until next time.\" Bevans approached him carefully. \"Have some water, sir, please. You need to take care of yourself. There are affairs tat must be settled with the estate, as usual.\" \"Usual,\" murmured Shepard, half to himself. \"God, I wish I knew what that word meant anymore.\" He began to weep into his glass of scotch.[Chapter 9] After a period of abject emotional misery and confusion, Shepard Lambrick, top-shelf scotch invariably in hand, had become so eager to abandon reality that one day he drank himself to complete disabandon and ceremoniously raided his son's illicit stash of… fun …chemicals. Julian was sprawled upon his gigantic bed, a blanket draped loosely over him by some attendant, tranquilized to the point of dubious semi-consciousness, his eyes never leaving the TV screen; definitely not a risk of fighting back or even objecting. He was certainly not at risk of finding suspicion with the careful shuffling of a dresser drawer somewhere in a room he probably wasn't aware existed. Shep had pocketed the drugs and strayed to his son's bedside, feeling a rare moment of tenderness for another, younger…creature…that was the direct, physical result of the love between Shepard and his late wife. Shep took his son's long, slender hand and simply held it for awhile, sitting on the edge of the bed, breathing quietly. After a moment something pained him and he moved the hand over his cheek, closed his eyes against the warmth of the blood of Shepard and his lover combined; felt the warm blood rushing, the pulse point on Julian's wrist, indicative of the human, beating heart that existed as the legacy of his own. He—and she—had created this one human being, together. He examined the pale skin, the long, tapered fingers, like an accomplished pianist's. Her hands; her same smooth, pale skin. His throat tightened for a moment and he tried to fight against it, not being accustomed to such emotion when his life was a semblance of normalcy. Most of the time these days, Shepard could only despise his son and the trouble he caused. He complained about him, sought advice about him, raved about him, drank about everything…But on the long nights when he refused to quit drinking even after midnight, alone in his study as always, he would sometimes get a niggling thought that perhaps his son's personality was only a product of his own; elegant, polite, refined, intelligent, but…with a large, demanding pathologic streak of some sort. A violent streak, a cruel streak, a mean streak; perhaps all three. And something else; the urge to destroy. At first the urge had been to destroy other things, but it seemed, now that his mother was gone, that urge to destroy had moved on to Julian himself. Shep was a philanthropist and knew enough about genetic inheritance. But the guilt that overcame him when he thought of the logic behind it was simply unbearable and needed to be rid of immediately lest he simply collapse on the rug and perish from anguish. He was agog at his own capacity for guilt; something he had never had a problem with before. But times like these, the rare times that he physically wanted to lay eyes on his son, a different feeling came over him. He sat on the side of the young man's bed, held his hand and revered it as though it were something so precious he might lose it at any time and must fight, MUST FIGHT for it. He couldn't be bothered the brush away the small drops of moisture that clung to his eyelashes. When this did happen, he would at that point take a last glance at his son's blank face, his eyes—his mother's eyes-lost somewhere in some dimension that was more desolate and unknown than the outward edges of the universe. Shepard laid his son's hand back down on the mattress, still lightly holding it, and looked over to get a final glimpse of his son's face before he left for his own adventure. Julian was staring right back at him, head flopped over to Shep's side, but eyes unmistakably focused on his father. At first the elder Lambrick started and went into a kind of mental panic, not knowing what to expect, and began going over escape plans in his head. But…nothing happened. Nothing. Julian just stared back at him, emotionless…until his eyes widened suddenly and his father squeezed the hand he was holding in alarm; a reflex. It was almost like flipping a switch. Julian's eyes brightened, lips parted slightly, and rapidly blinked his dilated eyes at Shep. His expression morphed into one of confusion and irritation; c'mon, what the FUCK are you doing,Dad?!.Holding my hand; seriously? Classic Julian, spirited, lively Julian, amusingly contrary Julian; passionate Julian. It was then that Shep made his decision. He retreated into his study for a three-day bender; thinking, always thinking, planning. Never a typical recreational drug user, he had almost always been a man of moderate amount alcohol and little else. He felt what his son must have felt, and battled through it while enjoying it to the very last bit, but he knew it was not something that he would do on any sort of regular basis. Shep decided to hire a team of experts. Hopefully they may help, but at the very least, they would provide entertainment for the aging billionaire and his damaged son. There might, Shep thought, even be a hunt of some sort. A glorious one. One that might unite him with his odd son forever. The only could happen was that he would underestimate them, and they would help Julian, come hell or high water. So he assembled them, each one whose resume was spectacular and vowed only hope for his lost family. But Shep knew better. He knew the fragility of these people, from the get-go. They had never met a family like the Lambricks, and most certainly had never met an entity like Julian. It would be a sport. A greatly engaging one. \"Might I inquire, what have been the…complications… for him in dealing with possibly baser, and likely higher, cognitive functions. What are your son's challenges every day? Can he be unsupervised? Can he work? Can he attend University?\" The young man, flanked by his \"team mates\", was eager to diagnose and to identify. It was obvious that he wanted a fairly simple answer; something he could take to his superiors and get an accolade for. Shepard laughed until he thought he must look like an overripe tomato. \"Oh, no,\" he giggled, \"you're mistaken. There are no 'cognitive challenges'.\" He brought himself under control slowly, sheer amusement paired with scorn like a steak paired with a complimentary wine; a good feeling for Shep. Giving Julian access to these people would like be like throwing children into a lion's cage, which made him chuckle more despite the fact that he wanted them to help. At last he cleared his throat and spoke normally again, his tone serious. \"Contrary to your theory, the boy is bright beyond belief. He just likes to keep the fact concealed most of the time so he's underestimated when he's, well… planning something. Every quarter of the school year in which Julian participates brings him the highest grades and very notable academic achievement.\" He knew what they were thinking: that the university was Lambrick funded and Julian would have to be comatose for them not to make a fanfare of any little effort he undertook, but that was—surprisingly-not the case at all. Julian earned his own way through, and yes, a small part of it may have been because he knew how to convince professors to do as he wanted, but if it was the case at all, the occasions would be rare. His name carried weight, but Julian (surprisingly) did not bring its clout into being often either.[Chapter 10] As soon as Shepard had met with the \"professionals\" that would be taking on his son's case, he ordered the family physician to lower Julian's thorazine to the point that he was merely lethargic, not near-comatose. He felt a little nervous of what Julian might do if given the right motivation with less medication, but he had to be able to interact with the psychologists. Dr. Calderon assured him that he would feel listless enough not to want to get up, much less accomplish a plan (whatever that would be). Shep took the advice and stood on his order, and Bevans, who administered every injection, complied. After a few days of tapering off, Julian was propped up in bed, scowling at the television and listlessly jabbing at his iPhone. He was obviously sleepy and rather dimmed, but his contrary personality showed through a bit more like the old times. Shep went to visit him on the fourth day. He entered his son's chambers alone, without fanfare; a simple knock and then he opened the door and strode in. Julian slowly turned to stare at him, his expression unreadable. \"Hello, Julian,\" Shep said evenly. \"I hope you're feeling better. You've been healing well.\" Julian grunted and looked away to the TV screen, where some random animated sitcom aired. Shep cleared his throat. \"Ahem, well…I thought you should know that tomorrow you're going to talk to some people.\" Julian turned to his father again and raised a brow in an Am I? expression. Shepard nodded. \"They're…specialists. They want to help you. They want you to feel better, and so do I. But you have to talk to them as much as you can. Answer their questions truthfully. Understand?\" Julian stared at him, lids lowered in fatigue or incredulity; it was hard to tell which. Perhaps both. \"You will,\" Shep nodded, \"because if you do, we can start taking you off some of these meds. And perhaps we'll have a social event again; one for both of us to enjoy.\" The younger Lambrick tilted his head just so, considering. Finally he huffed and slouched lower on his pillows. \"Fine…\" Shep smiled. \"That's my boy. Don't worry. Everything will be okay.\" He turned for the door, completely missing the sight of his son rolling his eyes dramatically behind his back. The young man that had spoken to Shepard earlier was named Issac. He returned on the day appointed, along with two female and a male colleague. To Shep they seemed a bit wet behind the ears, but they had their degrees to prove that they might be a match for Julian. Probably not, for which Shep smiled to himself, but they might be able to help. Either salvation or voyeuristic pleasure (or, gloriously, both) lay at hand. He was excited, like he had been when he held his first dinner party game. He arranged quarters for them, for their work would be full-time, likely. The conditions downstairs were spacious, luxurious, and certainly something that would appeal to professionals who had just exited dorm life. They had dropped off their bags with many thanks, impressed with the staff that would wait on them, which they were unused to, of course. They were not Lambricks. In the foyer, each person had a clipboard and stood attentive and ready for this new job. Shepard led them upstairs. \"His room is up here,\" he said. \"We should be quiet when we go in so he's not startled.\" \"Understood,\" said Issac, seemingly the spokesperson for the group. \"We will be quiet, of course. The patient needs no undue distress.\" Shepard desperately tried to stifle his laugh. The patient . Really. When Shep swung the door inward after a brief knock, he entered first and saw his son seemingly asleep on his bed, the TV constantly blaring. The others followed, somber and silent as though they were at a wake. It was almost hilarious, and Shepard was aware that he had been stifling laughter since the psychologists/psychiatrists had arrived. He quickly located the remote control on a nightstand and muted the blaring program. \"Julian,\" Shep said lowly. \"Julian, wake up. These people are here to talk to you. Do you remember what we talked about yesterday?\" Of course they hadn't exactly talked about it; he had asked, bribed, and Julian had agreed. Julian didn't move, but mumbled, \"Yeah,\" and Shep saw Issac and his compatriots smile simultaneously, probably expecting full compliance. Oh dear, he thought, they're not prepared at all . \"Julian,\" he said, rather loudly. Slowly, his son turned his head to look at him. His eyes widened when he saw his father's entourage. \"What the f-\" \"We discussed this, son. Do you remember?\" A brief moment of inward thought, and Julian slowly nodded. \"Yeah. I guess so.\" Shep motioned, and everyone took a seat on the plush carpet, not quite trusting Julian's enormous bed to be a safe place at this point. \"Hello, Julian,\" Issac said. \"I'm Dr. Kiillian. This,\" he motioned, \"is Dr. Morgan, Dr. Patsmouth, and Doctor Ruber. We're here to ask you some questions; see if we can't help out a bit. I know things have been rough for you.\" Julian stared at them, but did little else except tug at the bandage on his arm and grunt with discomfort. \"Dad, make them loosen this. It's driving me crazy.\" \"Listen to Dr. Killian, boy,\" said Shepard evenly. \"We'll fix it later.\" Julian sighed and looked at Issac. \"What do you want?\" \"Just to help you,\" Issac replied. He leaned forward, seemingly earnest. \"We're here to help you feel better, Mr. Lambr…uh…Jul…\" \"Julian,\" he snapped. \"Just call me Julian. Formalities are for my father.\" Shepard willed his face not to redden, but he remained quiet. He wanted to see what these kids had to bring to the game. \"Very well,\" said Issac, smiling gently. \"Julian, then. Tell me, Julian: how are you feeling today? Right now, in this moment?\" Julian stared at him, eyes intense. \"How old're you?\" Issac had the decency not to flush. \"I am thirty-one. Most of my compatriots are a bit older,\" he gestured to the others, \"But Dr. Ruber is a couple years younger.\" He gestured to the female psychologist, who seemed a bit less nervous than the others, and Julian's eyes lingered on her for a moment before roving over the faces of the other doctors. A few of them were watching Julian like a zookeeper watches a tiger during feeding time. Fascinated, a little nervous, perhaps even a bit afraid. Julian's reputation had certainly preceded him. The younger Lambrick nodded slightly, seemingly satisfied that none of these people were anywhere near his age (well, besides Dr. Ruber). Shepard thought that his son's pride would have been wounded if he saw them as so close to his age, and the game would have never worked from the get-go. \"Just to hear your side of the story, what's been a problem for you,\" said Issac, hands up in supplication. \"We're not here to do you any harm. We just want to help. Can we ask you some questions?\" Julian looked to Shepard, who nodded sagely. He sighed, as though enormously put-out. \"Fine, ask away, I guess.\" Issac smiled. \"Well, for starters, how do you feel today?\" He made a mental note of having to repeat the question; the young man did seem quite standoffish. Perhaps a coping mechanism for feelings of helplessness? He jotted it down in his file and Julian eyed him, curious and defensive. \"What're you writing?\" \"Just notes,\" said Issac. \"So I don't forget things. Do you forget things, Julian? Mean, on a regular basis.\" \"I guess there's some things I'd rather not remember,\" Julian replied, and he looked his father in the eye as he said it. Finally, he looked back at Dr. Killian. \"But otherwise, no. I do not.\" Issac nodded, but he suspected that Julian might be deceiving him. Why did he glance so pointedly at his father? This was becoming deeper… \"So,\" Issac said, \"where do you feel you're at today? Just today, right now: how do you feel?\" \"Actually, Doctor Killian, I want a fucking cigarette. Somebody gimme one.\" Shep located a pack on the nightstand and tossed it to his son, who caught it and produced a lighter from god-knows-where. He lit it, dragged deeply, and then smiled. \"Guess that's better.\" \"You're feeling better, then?\" Dr. Morgan asked. He was an older man, bespectacled and even-tempered. \"That's good to know, Julian. May I ask, what are you feeling better from ? Why were you feeling bad before?\" The younger Lambrick snorted and gestured around him. \"What do you think, huh? All these shots, this depressing room, you depressing people.\" He grinned, contrary as ever, and took another drag. \"Calming, smokes. Yup.\" \"That's okay, Julian,\" eased Issac. \"That's cool. But can we ask you some more questions? All we want, all you father wants, is for you to feel better.\" Julian froze for a moment, then briefly tilted his head towards the young doctor. \"My father wants me to 'feel better'? Are you fucking serious?\" He began to laugh, loudly and definitely unhinged, and Shepard found himself grimacing. \"Yes, boy,\" he ground out. \"That is what I want.\" \"And Mr. Worthington?\" Julian countered. \"Please, Dad, enlighten me: how was Mr. Worthington supposed to help me feel better ?!\" \"I told you I was sorry for that. He was unpredictable in the end. It was my mistake. Julian, I'm just a man. I make mistakes. You have to learn to forg-\" \" Fuck you!\" Julian hissed. \"Forgive shit !\" The doctors were glancing around at each other, confused. Bevans, who had stood attendant throughout the whole thing, began readying a syringe. Julian looked back at the doctors, crazed. \"You wanna know what he did?! Huh ?!,\" he nearly screamed. \"You wanna know what I did because of what he did?! I dare you to analyze that!\" Shepard nodded at Bevans, who swiftly stepped forward and overtook Julian, his readied syringe plunging deeply into the young man's already bruised hip. Julian struggled, panting, but Bevans' arms were like steel bands, and held him fast until he lolled to the side and fell asleep. \"I'm sorry, my friends,\" said Shep, \"but I'm afraid we must cease questioning for now. Perhaps he will feel a bit more compliant tomorrow.\" Issac was underwhelmed (as were the others), but he eventually abated and agreed, as did they. The boy was drugged now, after all. He and his compatriots retired to their quarters, but Issac could not forget what had transpired between father and son. What had Shepard done to his son to make him so angry? What was going on here, exactly?[Chapter 11] Author's Note: Hello, sorry for the delay, and welcome to the Shortest Chapter with the Most Dialogue Ever in a Fic. Enjoy and such. -SD Chapter 11 Shep woke up early after the weekend, when services from the \"professionals\" were set to resume. Monday was always his earliest day, but he had a firm agenda this morning and got up even earlier than usual. Things, he had decided over the break, were going to be much more fun if Julian was in on his newest game. He had trodden up the left wing stairs, headed for his Julian's bedroom, in only his pajamas. His feet were still in slippers, but at least he had smoothed his hair. He entered the room quietly, more for his benefit than for anyone else's. He had quite the hangover. Briefly, he thought of the man that had taken his money at an annual dinner game not long ago and gulped down an entire decanter of top-shelf scotch, only to pay it back in brains. How bad would that hangover had been, should it not been blasted out of him by a bullet? An amused half-grin spread over Shepard's features, and for the first time in weeks he held a sparkle in his eye. He closed the door firmly but quietly behind him, and flipped on the dimmer switch, setting the recessed lightning to the lowest arc of brightness. Chest tight with apprehension and distrust, he sat down on the side of his son's bed, gently jostling the current occupant as he did so. Julian made an angry sort of growl and yanked the goosedown blanket over his head, flipping over on his side and curling away from the weight on the side of his mattress. I know that particular stage of morning denial , Shep thought, grinning a little. Feeling brassy, he jabbed a finger at the small bit of exposed spine that peeked from the comforter. The skin was almost as white as the blanket. Julian flinched and gave a small wail of protest and, yes, denial. Shepard was reminded of the petulant child that had done the very same thing every morning at five when woken up for Academy thirteen years ago. The thought made him smile a little. \"Julian.\" It was not a question. \"Mmmmm…nnn…\" \"JULIAN.\" Shep smacked his knee for effect. Julian jumped visibly under the blanket but was still again after that. \"Go 'way,\" he mumbledhissed. \"Fuck off, Bevans.\" \"First thing,\" said Shepard loudly, \"is that I am your father, not Bevans. Notice the lack of accent.\" \"…Oh. Sorry, Dad-\" \"SECOND thing,\" said Julian's father, \"is that you never talk to Bevans that way. He cares for you; you respect him. I've told you before. Now wake up, I have something to tell you. Something you're going to like.\" Julian had perked up at this last thing, and ripped the blanket from his pale face, peering at his father with the curiosity of a large predator eyeing carrion. He narrowed his eyes. \"What?\" Shepard smirked but considered his words carefully. Inevitably, Julian grew impatient. \" What, Dad?\" he demanded. \"Spit it out, damn!\" \"Don't curse,\" Shep said automatically, but his voice was gentle and noncommittal, as though simply an afterthought. He was still trying to think of how to word this correctly and coerce Julian into his proposal, and mentally smacked himself for not getting it solidly down before he had come down the hall. Hangovers. He was really starting to get sick of them. Eventually, he decided and spoke. \"You see, Julian…I've been thinking. There's something we both need to get us back on track, and you more interested in the family business again. I think a game is in order.\" \" Another dinner party? Are you serious? You very well damn know what they did to me the last time, right? That bitch, Olive.\" He cursed. \"No, Iris . Which reminds me, Dad, of what I would like for my birthday this year…\" \"We will discuss it later,\" Shep interjected. \"For now, I'll reassure you: it's not a dinner party. It's a new game…\" Naturally, Julian's interest was piqued. \"What kind of new game?\" he asked slowly. His pupils were dilating. Perfect. \"Well, I say: These past few weeks of working with you have done the staff, and this entire household, no good at all. I trusted the doctors. I thought they might've had some good ideas if you weren't how you are. So, they're useless. Our last hope, useless. I'll admit that, but trust me, in the beginning it was hard. What's that damned thing that people get that somehow makes them refuse to accept that nothing will help them?\" Julian gaped at him, eye half-closed, mouth half-open, clearly not following. \"Ah yes, Shep said. \" Hope. A vile little disease . Never give in to it. Anyway,\" he said, suddenly aware of his unintended reverie, \"as hard as they've worked with all these people around, and considering the gory messes you've been making as of late, why don't we let Lambrick staff have some fun with my new game as well, eh? For morale. We'll let them bet on it. Make a pool. And we can watch. I'll bet you, if you want, just to make it more fun.\" \"Okaaaay…\" Julian said, \"I think you might have lost your mind, Dad. But…hmm… I'm willing to listen. What's the game?\" \"I haven't decided the name yet,\" he said, \"but maybe I will think of a good one before-\" \" Daaaad, you're talking shit. Get to the point.\" \"Okay, okay; I'm sorry. I want to play this new game with your new friends.\" \"'New friends', eh? Who- wait. Th…the doctors?\" Julian seemed lost. \"Yes,\" the elder Lambrick said, now grinning unabashedly, gearing up for his next oration. \"You see… there are four doctors. Two male, two female.\" Julian eyed him, brow rising. Shep continued. \"I'm guessing that the gentlemen will be more difficult to take out, though only just. Dr. Morgan is clearly aging and the younger man seems pretty limp-wristed, if you get my drift.\" Naturally, Shep didn't include the two women in his estimation of strength. Julian gaped slightly. \"I…I seriously don't. Are you gonna make the staff pick them off, or…\" \"No, Julian. I want you to do it. You can have some weapons, but nothing fancy. I want you to take them all on. Do your worst, one by one, in the order of your choosing. The staff, myself, even you, can wager on who will be the next to go. I know this is something in which you'd like a major role.\" \"Heh. All right,\" said Julian, eyes bright as a bird's. \"So I can just, like, go out and ki—\" \" No . Do it slowly; make your choices wisely. Play them along. Make a grand show for our friends that serve us every day. I know you can do it; we're performers, the whole family. We know how to put on a show. I think it will help you. …Us. Maybe everyone. Well, of course not the doctors,\" he chuckled. \"But I thought you wanted the doctors to help me.\" \"Well,\" Shepard confessed, \"I suppose that, at first, part of me did. But I saw them with you. Three entire weeks I watched. They can't help you. They can't, and they're peasants in comparison to our lineage and our troubles and the depths of our pathologies. I realized that there is no such thing as \"fixing\" a Lambrick. Especially not you, Julian. So I realized I had wasted my money, but then I had a thought: you have something I never did. You're vicious, son. You hunted Iris; practically sniffed her out like a hound. You attacked her, you held her down and you bit her. You have a wild streak.\" He smiled suddenly, almost rapturously. \"This may be the greatest show this family has ever conducted.\" \"Seems an odd conclusion to come up with...\" \"Well, I thought it over on the weekend, and do you know what I decided? I decided that this would be better for you than any 'analysis' or scan. These people are waiting victims. Staff can bet, make money; we can play, and we'll use the camera system to record it and put it up on the BM.\" Julian laughed despite his incredulity. \"The black market , even? Damn…You're a real businessman, Dad.\" Shep bared his teeth with satisfaction. \"Of course I am, son. It runs in the family.\" \"But if we're on camera they can catch us…\" Shepard smiled sweetly at his boy, almost pitying. \"Son, we're Lambricks. You don't yet fully know how deep our alliances lie. You'll know when you're older.\" Julian beamed back at him, delicate features-usually scowling- as sunny as a daisy. No medication had done that before. \"M'kay,\" he said lightly, as though they'd just been discussing a picnic. \"So what's for breakfast?\" This time, they grinned at each other. It was a Lambrick joke if ever there was one.[Chapter 12] That night, Julian took more pills than he should have. He had done so before. It made him dream, and he liked to dream. It was better than being awake. Bevans found him, lying half on and half off the bed, when he entered to disperse the nightly medication. He did not pity the boy; knew he was a fool and had done it on purpose. Why his father trusted him to take his own medication again was a mystery to Bevans. The butler heaved him back into his bed, summoned his father by intercom, and then roughly cuffed the boy's cheek in irritation. Julian opened his eyes, but barely, and they were unseeing. His father came in just five minutes later, and he crouched by the boy's bed, brow furrowed in concern. He thought about summoning Dr. Killian but thought better of it. His boy had to be doing this for a reason, and would likely be fine. Still, he sat next to him, unwilling to leave him be just yet, and waited for him to wake up. Hopefully, he would. Julian was dreaming, in his own, strange way. It would, perhaps, have been better if he had encountered a linear plan for himself in this new game. But he was still cracking; his thoughts were disjointed and erratic. He found himself hallucinating more now than ever, and decided to treat it the way people treated trips on peyote: he leaned back and eventually let it happen. Of course, he saw what he desired, as all men do when turned to look into the mirrors of their own eyes. Yet it was distorted; a sideshow version of his mind. He saw his target in his dreams. Dr. Ruber was a serpent that bore her face and the black hood of a witch. The serpent would bob toward him, meet him with eyes that captivated him. He would grab at the vision with the tendrils of his soul. Give it to me , he found himself raging at the vision. \" Give it to me. I WANT it. \" \" No, \" answered Something. \" GIVE .\" \" Then take it.\" But as he reached out to pluck the prize he found his hand inches from glistening, dripping fangs, and jerked back. \" GIVE IT TO ME! \" he screamed, unaware that he was screaming in real life; screaming at his dreams. His father was there, hand on his arm, but he could not feel him. He felt nothing but frustrated desire and aching, searing want. She was haunting him, even if she had no idea she was. Christ, he didn't even know her first name. He tried taking her, enveloping her in his own gangling limbs, but he was too afraid and kept flinching back as she hissed at him. Her fangs were big. Her hood smothered. He gasped, in his dream and in real life as his father clutched his hands in worry beside him. He thrashed and moaned. His eyes leaked fat tears which sluggishly traversed down his angled cheekbones and into the sharp line of his jaw. He thought of nothing else but what he wanted most; his own personal Everest. Finally, he grew angry, and flung an ethereal arm out at the fangs, as though to snap them with pure force, and as he did so the Ruber serpent issued a chilling shriek and reared back to strike. The fangs dug into him, but he felt no pain. Instead, he looped a dreaming arm around the back of the serpent's neck and drew it close to his chest, ignoring the fangs that pierced his lungs. Ignored the pain, ignored the fear, and instead clasped the fearsome beast to him, conquering it utterly. Crushing it. The orgasm was instant and mind-melting. He came awake during the night. Shepard and Bevans were there. Shep's forehead was creased with worry. \"How do you feel?\" Julian smiled up at him, like an infant. \"Good…I think. I think I know what to do, Dad.\" \"That so?\" \"Yeah. Yeah…I think I know what I have to do.\" Shep smiled, glad the fit was over, but still unsure of how his son was going to execute his duties. He patted a bony shoulder and sighed. \"Dad,\" said his son after a spell, \"…I think this is gonna be bigger than both of us.\" Then he lapsed back into sleep. The next session happened the following Monday. Julian let Shep usher the doctors in, making it seem as though he didn't want to interact with them any further. Shepard also played his own part well; a doting but frustrated and frightened father who had no other hope than the people whom he had invited into his home. He pretended the money had addled him a bit; a rich eccentric, and would act as ignorant as possible while in their company. Of course it was a scheme, to make Shep look more helpless than he was. He had become good at playing parts. Charming, benevolent, gentle, dull Shepard Lambrick. It was actually fun, and he had, over time, become a connoisseur of his moments on the stage. He was loving their trust like a tiger would love a large slab of fresh flesh, in that he relished the taste before devouring the moment altogether. Absorbed, gone forever. Ultimately forgotten. And, of course, there was Bevans. Bevans was not acting when he stood stiffly by, meaty arms tensely crossed, a capped syringe of Thorazine in his suit pocket. Bevans was not a good man by any means, should his concern be deciphered as empathy or regret. He knew that if the boy was in just the right mood, he'd try to kill as many of them as possible all at once, and therefore spoil the game. It might also do a bit of harm to his pocketbook, as he had just received a large sum of money to ensure that everything went according to plan. A cool two million. And it was only half- Bevans got the other half at the end. It was a small price to pay for Shep's peace of mind. If anyone could control Julian, it was Bevans. Or so Shep hoped. Julian made his first move as the doctors were leaving. He even went so far as to flash them a smile as they rose from their various sitting spots, half-rising from his enormous bed and blurting out an innocent and polite, \"Um!\". They all immediately stopped and turned to face him. \"I, I was wondering,\" pronounced Julian in his best little lost boy voice, \"if I could talk to one of you in private.\" \"Of course,\" smiled Issac. \"I'd be happy to—\" \"Can I choose one of you?\" Julian pleaded, his predator's eyes shining with innocence and sincerity. He gestured to Dr. Ruber. \"I…I thinks she's really nice…Can I talk to her?\" Ruber stepped forward, her high heels sinking into the plush cream carpet, and smiled at him. \"Of course, Julian,\" she said, ignoring the fact that Dr. Killian had his mouth open to reply before she cut him off. \"I'd be happy to talk with you.\" Julian beamed at her, and she smiled widely back at him. From his place near the door, Shepards eye's twinkled. Julian had chosen. \"All righty,\" said Shep. \"We'll leave you be. Come along, Bevans.\" Bevans turned to the elder Lambrick with an expression of shock and incredulity. Shep merely smiled and gestured for him to follow the rest of the entourage and leave Julian and Dr. Ruber alone.[Chapter 13] Ch. 13 Julian was finally left alone with Dr. Ruber, who had pulled up a folding chair next to Julian's bed and beamed at him. She never thought the clicking of the lock as Shepard closed it was a bad sign. \"What can I help you with, Jul-\" \"What's your name?\" interrupted Julian, apparently used to doing so, and fixed her with a stare that a non-professional would have found…disturbing. Intense. \"I'm Dr. Ruber, if you don't remember…\" \"What's your first name?\" Julian pounded a fist into his pillow, frustrated. \"Oh! My first name is Margaret,\" Ruber responded, apparently unaffected by Julian's shortness with her. \"Margaret Ruber. My family is German.\" Julian's eyes gleamed; very Hannibal; very quid pro-quo . \"Tell me more. Tell me more about you.\" \"I'm not exactly sure what that will accomplish, Julian,\" Margaret said softly, keeping her voice gentle but firm. \"I wanna know about you,\" Julian replied. \"I can only trust you if you're willing to give me information the same as you expect me to.\" He sat up in bed, leaning forward to give her his full attention and to convey his sincerity. \"Okay, Maaaaargaret?\" She met his stare bravely, even smiling a bit. \"I suppose that's fair enough,\" she said. \"What else do you want to know?\" \"Just tell me about you. I'm a good listener, really.\" Dr. Ruber's smile was more genuine now and she seemed to relax in her chair a bit. \"Well, I grew up in Sedona, Arizona. A really beautiful place. People take vacations there just for the scenery and the native culture.\" \"Tell me about Sedona.\" Julian put his chin in his hands and gazed at her. \"There's red cliffs, red rocks. There's even a church, the Church of the Red Rocks, built right into a cliff. It's beautiful. There's tours there; Pink Jeep Tours take you all around and show you historical sites, and sites just for the beauty. There's even an old, collapsed house that you can go to where there was a brutal axe-murder.\" \"Really?\" Julian's eyes gleamed. \"Oh, yes.\" \"Tell me more about you.\" \"Hmm. Well, like I said, I grew up in Sedona, but I went to school in Southern California, at UCLA. I studied psychiatry and psychology. I graduated top of my class in twenty-thirteen and moved here because of the awesome research programs that your state university conducts. Very interesting stuff.\" \"Uh-huh.\" She shifted in her chair. \"So…that's about it, I guess.\" \"Why did you get interested in psychology?\" \"My family is…eccentric, I guess. I got interested in high school. I wanted answers to questions I had my whole life till then.\" Julian eyed her conspiratorially. \"Crazy parents? 'Cause I know how that goes.\" Margaret laughed. \"I suppose you could say that. A few aunts and uncles, too.\" She sat back, smiling. \"I like you, Julian. You're very… real . And you're right; you're a very good listener.\" \"Maybe it's 'cause we're so close in age.\" \"Maybe,\" she agreed. \"Can I ask you some questions now, Julian? I want to help you.\" \"Ask me, then.\" \"Have you ever been…abused? By other men?\" \"Sexually, you mean,\" Julian grunted. \"In any way.\" \"…Maybe. What of it?\" It was Margaret's time to lean forward, intent. \"Your father, Julian? Or that large man, your butler?\" Julian burst out laughing, pounding his fist upon the mattress. \"Are you kidding? Of course not! \" \"Someone else?\" He stopped chuckling and eyed her with the look of a wild animal eyeing its captors. He stared at her, unblinking. \"Julian? Is there someone…\" \" Stop !\" he shouted suddenly. \"Stop it! You people, you get off on hearing about the abuse of others! I know it!\" Julian reached under his pillow and retrieved a huge hunting knife, which he brandished at Margaret. \"You wanna know, huh?! You don't deserve to know!\" \"Julian!\" screamed Dr. Ruber. \"Julian, don't!\" \"Don't what?!\" he screamed back at her, launching himself out of his bed and onto her, knocking her off the folding chair onto the floor, where he pinned her, arms above her head, and ground his skinny hips into hers. \"Don't do this ?! You don't understand anything, you cunt !\" Herein he throttled her with his large, long-fingered hands; hands that could be delicate, if not given their current circumstances. She choked and pleaded as he yanked her sensible skirt down to her knees, freed himself with one spasming hand, and proceeded to enter her with all the grace of a manic grizzly bear. She screamed as he savagely thrust into her, out of pleasure or pain or both, he could not be sure. He did know that she gripped the back of his neck with a terrible strength, one he did not expect, but his hunting knife was in his hand, and he held it to her throat so firmly that a line of rich crimson blood coursed down her neck and pooled into the hollow of her collarbone. This he lapped up with the hunger of a starved beast, and as he did so he came, hard and full of fireworks, and he screamed into her shoulder as hard as he could, his body rocking and spasming, and as he was gripped in this spasm he jerked the knife all the way across her throat, not only killing her but nearly cutting her head off. Oh, it was good. When all was said and done he laid fully atop he, panting, trying to regain his breath and his strength. Finally he was able to lift himself up and withdraw from her, clambering up onto his bed and beneath the stained coverings, wiping himself clean of blood and fluid, and hit the intercom button that rang his father's study. His father answered immediately. \"Yes, son?\" \"It's over,\" Julian panted. \"It's done. Come get her before she stinks up the place.\" \"Of course,\" came the answer. \"I'll send Bevans.\" Julian permitted himself a grin. His father had never sounded so pleased.[Chapter 14] Issac knocked on the door to Shepard's study the next day, early. Shep had been reviewing the video from the afternoon before and quickly switched off the computer as the knock resounded through the room. He knew who it was. He opened the door and smiled at Issac. \"Hello, Issac. You're up and about early today.\" \"Mr. Lambrick, may I talk to you?\" The young doctor was obviously distressed. \"Absolutely,\" said Shep, and stepped aside to allow entrance into the study. \"Please, sit down. What can I do for you?\" \"Dr. Ruber never came back after for session with Julian,\" Issac said. \"I'm very worried.\" Shep nodded. \"Ah, yes. Julian mentioned something to the effect of her being extremely upset at a question he asked her. He was very worried, but I thought that she had gone back to her room after and didn't really think much more about it. Are her things there?\" \"I don't know. I knocked on her door several times last night and she never answered. The door was unlocked, though. I peeked in and didn't see her, but I didn't want to pry too much. Maybe her things are gone, I don't know. I'm terribly worried, Mr. Lambrick. This is not like Margaret to abandon a case, especially without consulting someone first.\" \"That is troublesome,\" agreed Shepard. \"Julian did say that she seemed almost in a panic, and left before he could ask if she needed your assistance. Poor lad is torn up, feeling guilty that he grilled her as he did. Hmm…Shall I send a maid up to inspect the room? Perhaps we can find some answers there.\" Both men lulled into silence, until Shep spoke again. \"Did you know Margaret well? Could there be something she hasn't told you?\" \"It is possible,\" agreed Issac, but he frowned as he spoke. \"Dr. Ruber always seemed a bit of a private person, but I would have thought that she would have taken a different action if she had gotten so upset.\" \"Indeed,\" said Shepard, \"we always expect people to conform to our expectations of them, but perhaps she was more troubled than she seemed. I don't mean to excuse any of her actions, but perhaps…\" \"Yes,\" said Issac, visibly relaxing. \"It could have easily been a case of more than meets the eye.\" \"I'm terribly sorry for your trouble,\" said Shep. \"Is there anything I can do?\" Issac eyed the top-shelf scotch in its decanter by the elder Lambrick's elbow. \"Perhaps a drink?' \"Of course,\" said Shep, and fetched another glass from his cabinet, pouring a generous portion. \"To what shall we toast, if anything?\" \"Your son's recovery,\" said Issac instantly, and clinked his glass against Shep's. \"To your son finding the answers he needs, and to your own personal peace, and to have colleagues who don't fucking bail on you.\" \"Splendid,\" said Shepard, and the two drank. Lunchtime came around, and Shepard decided to spend it with his troubled son over lobster po'boys in his son's room, which he rarely seemed to leave lately. \"You always have liked your dessert first, Julian.\" Shepard shook his head, laughing a little. \"Though this time I thought you would have saved her for last.\" \"Life's short,\" shrugged Julian, mumbling around a mouthful of sandwich. He was starving. He was always hungry after his adventures. \"Didya get it on film?\" \"Of course.\" \"Gonna sell big, you think? Could you tell it was me?\" \"Sort of,\" mused Shep, chewing thoughtfully. \"Wouldn't hold up in a court of law, for sure. Not that it matters.\" Julian bared his straight white teeth in a grin. The elder Lambrick found himself smiling back with his own perfect teeth. \"Issac thinks Marge has jumped ship. Like a rat.\" He laughed, his mouth full. Julian giggled. \"Dumb fuck.\" \"I heard the audio on the tape.\" \"What tape?\" Julian's brow shot up. \"The video.\" \"Oh.\" The brow returned to its smooth, unruffled state. \"Did you really get so upset at her? Did you really snap?\" Julian laughed, mouth open, uncaring that his mouth was full. He dissolved into a series of hiccups, pointing breathlessly at his father. \" Well ?\" Shep pressed, already knowing the answer. Julian finished his laughing and coughing. \"Haha, no . It was just an excuse in case she escaped. She so bought it, though. I was like Anthony Hopkins with that crap.\" He giggled again. \"Very funny. You did do a good job, but I think we've got to make things seem more plausible from now on. They're not going to buy my excuse twice.\" \"You think? They seem pretty dumb to me.\" \" Julian …\" \"All right , okay? Jeez. I'll think about it.\" \"How about you actually think this time?\" Shep muttered, half to himself. Julian made a crude jacking-off gesture and picked up his phone, pressing a few buttons until his sound system was blaring with rock music. Shepard took it as his dismissal, and, sighing, returned to his study, where he might think and be left alone. It was late. Or—technically—early. Shepard had dozed off a while ago, his on his desk in his study, where he had been perusing the plans to build another school, this time in Botswana. Everything with the schools had to be perfect; he could not risk any conflict within his foundation and the opinion of the public. Or any high-seated Liberals. So he would slave away at the plans, the documents, the forms, even the qualifications of the builders under his employ. He often fell asleep after doing it for enough hours, as it was a incredible task of energy and focus. It had happened again, as it had so many, many times before. Shep awoke to the sound of people yelling. He bolted up in his chair and then dashed out of it, out of the study door, down the hallway and into the foyer. There was a gaggle of staff there, as well as Issac and his doctors. He could make out Bevans bellowing. He struggled his way through the small crowd and in the middle of the circle encountered his faithful butler writing on the floor, and knife jutting out from his shoulder. Looking closer, he could tell it was a very familiar throwing dagger. Shep groaned. Sure enough, with a bit more looking around, he found Julian kicking and spitting on the four brave souls who had the sense to throw themselves upon him, barely restraining him. By his snarling face Issac was crouched, urgently murmuring to him and patting his cheeks and trying to get the young man to meet his gaze. At first, in his sleepy haze, Shep was confused as to why the small man had dared even get close to the terrible energy of Shepard's son. Then his brain began to wake up, and he understood that Issac was trying to calm the boy without violence or medication. That made Shep laugh, but not for long. Julian. Another bad day, with an early start this time. Dear God, help them all. The boy had been free of them for some weeks, and, like a fool, Shep had lulled into a sense of routine and normalcy, effectively dismissing in his mind the true fact of his son's illness. He ran to Bevans first, trying to pull him up, and the man met his gaze with frantic eyes. \"He went out!\" Bevans hissed at his friend and employer. \"He wandered around like a goddamn zombie and I found him in here and I tried to lead him back and he did this! Bloody bastard!\" \"Sweet fuck ,\" gritted Shep, and dropped Bevans, scrambling to his son's side. He heard Issac pleading with the boy. \"C'mon, Julian, snap out of it. Wake up! You're okay! Nothing is here to harm you! You're in good hands!\" And so on and so forth. Shep finally pistoned out his arm and shoved the young man aside, throwing himself in his son's face and slapping him hard, several times. \" JULIAN WILLIAM LAMBRICK !\" he bellowed. \"WAKE UP !\" Upon hearing his father's voice, Julian stopped his snarling and spitting and his gaze locked with that of his father. He seemed to snap awake and his lips covered his teeth again as he cast panicked eyes over the people surrounding him; a fragile, waspish child again. \"Dad?! What the fuck is going on?! Tell these stupid pigs to let me go!\" Panting, Shep gestured at the staff restraining Julian. He noticed that Dr. Morgan and Dr. Patsmouth were amongst the restrainers, but even they let go of the boy when Shepard signaled. Julian fell the rest of the way to the floor with a bump. He rubbed his hip, scowling, until his father tilted his chin up so their eyes met. He squirmed under Shep's gaze. \"Did you mean to do this?\" Shepard asked, quietly. \"I don't know how I got here,\" muttered Julian, sweating and still squirming. \"Th…thanks for making them let me go. I…I'm scared, Dad.\" Shepard nodded slowly, closed his eyes for a time, and said, even more quietly, \"Well, this isn't going to be as easy as we thought, is it, boy?\" Julian stood no chance at hiding the tears that sprang into his eyes. Upon seeing this, his father's own eyes filled. \"No, Daddy,\" said Julian. \"No, I don't think so.\" ","Summary":" Once, not too long after his wife died, Shepard Lambrick sent his only son Julian to see a psycholo"}]