[{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Were-Rabbit Master","Author":"MovieVillain","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13226278","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What a night I had. I always suspected there's something wrong with Wallace ever since the accident from using the Mind Manipulation-O-Matic, and I was right. At first we assumed that Hutch is the Were-Rabbit, but I saw more footprints in the house. I followed them, and while doing so, I saw them turning from rabbit to human. They all lead to Wallace's room, and there's where I saw something that horrifies me: vegetables being eaten on his bed. There's only one conclusion: my master is the Were-Rabbit. So it makes sense now. The reason he wasn't there when I was chasing the Were-Rabbit from the other night was because he was the beast. He's the one I was chasing, not Hutch. Also, this was the reason the chase stopped in our backyard. Anyway, I went to Lady Tottington's home to warn Wallace about it. I only got his attention by using the shower from her backyard dome. I tried to get him home before he could endanger people's vegetables, but Victor Quartermaine tries to get in our way. If I'm not mistaken, he assumed Wallace was trying to get into a relationship with Lady Tottington. Anyway, that night has a full moon, and that's where Wallace's transformation happens. On the bright side, he's harmless. Well, to people, not to vegetables. When the morning comes, I hope to tell my master this horrifying news. ","Summary":" What a night I had. I always suspected there's something wrong with Wallace ever since the accident"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Can't Invent Love","Author":"Tesla2251","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7798278","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Can't Invent Love By: Tesla2251 The sun rose over the quiet street in an unknown town just on the otherside of the Yorkshire border. All the buildings on this street looked the same, minus one. 62 West Wallaby Street looked like it was in the process of being torn down, or built up. Wallace, a cheese loving inventor lived here with his dog Gromit. The inventor was currently taking down the windmill blades from his old business. Their bakery business had shut down a couple weeks ago, mostly because Wallace lost intrest with it. But this seemed normal for the inventor to switch from one thing to the other, he and his canine companion had been in more than one business before. They had washed windows, caught pets, and recently had delivered bread. Both had shut down after he lost intrest. \" Or is it because I lose intrest?\" he mused to himself. It seemed that what ever business venture he went in to, he seemed to run into a lovely young woman, and the relationship never took off ever. Wendolene had been allergic to cheese, which conflicted with his love of it. Lady Tottington and him had drifted away, and his last relationship with Piella had nearly killed him. His thoughts were momentarily interrupted by some music coming from the old van. The inventor looked down and saw that his dog Gromit and, their recent friend, Fluffles were listening to some love music on the record player. They held eachothers paw and looked at each other with love. Wallace groaned softly as he envied his friends fortune, and his own misfortune. After dinner, Wallace went right to bed. Gromit noticed this and wondered why. The house had been rebuilt for at least three days. During it's reconstruction, all three had gone to bed early from exhaustion. Now that the house was rebuilt, there should be no reason for his owner to go to bed early. Fluffles looked at Gromit, with a puzzled look on her face. What's wrong? Gromit nodded toward the stairs Wallace had gone up. I think something is bothering him. The puzzled look remained on her face. How do you mean? Gromit pointed to the nearly complete wedge of cheese and the full bag of crackers. Usually they were all gone before the evening was over because his owner ate it all. In all my life being here, I've never seen Wallace eat so little cheese. Sometimes he leaves at least a quarter left over, but never this much. Fluffles nodded as she understood what Gromit ment. She looked back at the stairs, then back at Gromit. What is bothering him? Gromit shrugged. I don't know, but I will find out. The next night, Gromit had stayed up later than usual. His eyes sagged with exhaustion as he finished the final page of A Farewell To Arms By Ernest Hemmingway. He put the book down and started to walk back up the stairs to his bedroom. Usually he would pass by Wallaces room and hear the man snoring softly and muttering about cheese in his sleep. This time, he saw some light coming from under the door and the sound of... ...sobbing. Gromit frowned, and gently reached up to knock on his owners door. As he knocked he heard his owner give a startled gasp then shuffle around alittle before calling out,\" Come in, lad.\" Gromit opened the door. His owner was laying on his bed with a light grin on his face, but it didn't seem genuine. It seemed forced and fake. \" Hello, Gromit lad. Been up late again?\" So have you. Why? Something wrong? he frowned. Wallace read Gromit's expression and turned to face the wall opposite his bed, before looking back at his friend. \" I've just been thinking about our new business. How does...uhh...um...\" his owner stuttered as he tried to think of something to say. Gromit walked over and sat on the bed. Now that he was closer, he could see that his owner's eyes were red and moist. Not the eyes of someone who had been up for the past few hours working, more like the eyes of someone who had been crying. Gromit just frowned at his owner. Wallace understood that his friend didn't beleive his lie. He sighed heavily and said,\" I don't know if I'll ever find the girl of my dreams out there, old chum.\" He sighed again, and added,\" I mean, I've been in more relationships than I can count and all I can succeed in doing is getting me heart broken.\" He sniffed softly, a tear rolling down his cheek which he tried to hide from Gromit. Gromit had never seen his owner cry ever. \" Gromit, I...\" Wallace started to say. He wiped another tear away and continued,\" I honestly don't think there is much point in going on if everything I do has to fall apart. I mean, how many businesses have we been in? A hundred? 200?\" At least a hunred, Gromit thought to himself. \" And what seems to end them all? A relationship that failes,\" Wallace said. He gave a couple soft sobs before he looked up again. \" Gromit, somtimes I wonder if...I should just kill meself. Or have let Victor shoot me. Or have been turned into dog food. Or have finished Piella's bakers dozen!\" he groaned sadly and threw himself to the bed. Gromit was shocked by what the inventor had just said! His ears stood straight up and he felt slightly sick in his stomach. To think of the thought of his owner killing himself...he didn't want to even think about it. Wallace looked at his friend, knew what he had said had upset his friend, and sighed. \" I'm sorry I said that, old chum. But that is the way I feel right now,\" he said, chocking back a sob. Gromit looked at his owner with tears in his own eyes. His ears drooped down low and he seems close to crying. I can't lose someone else. I lost my parents when I was young. Too young to know them. Your the only person who has been close to a father figure, and I owe you everything. If you left, it would be my first moments on Earth all over again, his expression read. Wallace understood his friends expression. He sat up and said,\" I'm sorry, Gromit. It's just...I've been alone me entire life and havn't found someone to love.\" He paused for a moment before asking,\" Tell me lad, what was it like when you first saw Fluffles?\" This requires a better form of communication,\" Gromit thought. He picked up his owners sketch pad and started to write. \"Like, time stopped for a moment. At first I didn't think she held any intrest in me at all. It was when she showed up with me stuff that Piella had thrown out and how we connected through just a couple moments of silence.\" He paused, then added,\" Her sweet giggle and smile when we looked at one of my records, titled Puppy Love kinda gave me the impression that she had an intrest in me. It's hard to describe the feeling. But, you just feel it happen.\" He then looked over at his owner, who had been following his written monolog word for word. His expression said the rest. Finding love is something that takes time. It can't be rushed. Gromit then frowned alittle. But it is nothing the fret over. Certainly not something to kill yourself over. Wallace gave a small nod and smiled.\" Your right, Gromit lad. Okay, so I havn't found the one for me heart yet. But she is out there and I will find her,\" he said cheerfully. He then gave his friend a hug. \"Thanks, lad.\" Gromit smiled and hugged his owner back. He looked at the clock on Wallace's night stand. It was after midnight. Wallace followed his gaze. \" Oh my. We've been up late. We should get to bed,\" Wallace said, quickly making himself comfortable in his bed. Gromit gave a sleepy smile and got up. As he was about to close the door, Wallace gave a small smile and said,\" Good night, Gromit. Pleasent dreams.\" Gromit smiled and sleepily made his way to his room. While he walked, he took time to realize a part of his known world had changed. As he crawled into bed, Fluffles opened an eye and looked at him. Where were you? Gromit tucked himself in and looked at her. I'll tell you in the morning. Right now, I am very tired. Fluffles nodded and layed back down, snuggling closer to Gromit who smiled in his sleep and hugged her closer. ","Summary":" Can't Invent Love By: Tesla2251 The sun rose over the quiet street in an unknown town just on the o"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Wallace and Gromit","Author":"qayyumforgood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12842965","Passage":"[Chapter 1] With the help of The Perfect, Wallace & Gromit 1. Wallace and Gromit's house is a mess. 2. He had and failed three jobs: inventor, window washer and bread business. In the end, he have a cluttered house, cluttered with his failed windmill, all there out in the open. 3. He is almost bankrupt. His savings had depleted, he felt he had to get rough. Gromit wants to tell him that he needed to 'get up'. Wallace remains unconvinced. 4. Eventually, Gromit wants to move out. Wallace, upon seeing Gromit leaving, shouts \"NO, NO, NO! Alright, I'll get a job!\" Gromit walks back in hesitantly. 5. Gromit woke up. Wallace was not there. He came and said that he had a job. Wallace starts work as a cashier in a department store. He tried asking for jobs in his town centre, but they said that they do not have a vacant position at present. He was shell-shocked, afraid even, at the diverse races strolling through other than Anglo-Saxon persons. There are Indians, Russians, Chinese, Bangladeshis, Nepalese, Syrians. 6. He noticed how they are different, different facial complexion, body size, and the language they spoke when they left. He had a very bad suspicion about them. When he went back home (his failed windmill is still not dismantled), he said, \"Where has my Britain gone to?\". He started watching more BBC News than 'Cheese Files'. He started watching newspaper more often, which causes concern for Gromit. He watched and watched and watched. Finally he had made a conclusion. 7. Gromit wake up. He was surprised, at the doorstep, is an UKIP membership card. Wallace has subscribed to UKIP! He was dragged by his owner's rationale. Why? He should known his master's conditions, looking at the broken inventions. 8. Right now, Gromit had no idea how to change his master's behaviour. He watched as Wallace begin opined that his nation was in danger, and he was afraid of it, and that's what he is doing - hanging the Union Jack flag, saying \"May God save the Queen and the British, lad\", and his friends with only of his kind. Gromit was deathly afraid. Wallace still able to keep himself to himself as a cashier, but he wanted to do something else. He still invents, but on a smaller scale. Gromit insists that he remain a cashier, and encourages Wallace to go for Philosophy, Mechanical Engineering, and take the Psychological Test from a Psychologist. Wallace as suggested \"Why not Logic?\" and Gromit thought so too, but he realised that Wallace had impeccable logic and not enough philosophy: this is why he screwed himself, but cannot unscrew himself. 9. Wallace just participates in Philosophy classes to make sense of what Philosophy is: he went to the library to find some books on Philosophy. He eventually found Wittgenstein's book: 'Philospohus-Logicus-Tractus'. Gromit approves of the book, and suggest some more of his own. Wallace and Gromit go together to Psychologist to take a Career Aptitude test, so he said \"I wonder how should I answer all this?\", the psychologist answered, \"DO YOU WANT TO GET YOUR DREAM JOB? Be honest when you fill them\". They wrote and wrote and wrote and send. Wallace sent him an address to Wallace's house. Thank you, Wallace said. You're welcome, says the Psychologist. 10. Wallace still remained a cashier, and he still has xenophobia, and his neighbours are still on bad relations with Wallace. Gromit wondered in what area Wallace still did wrong. Gromit looked at his mails in the drawer nd in the trash can and was shocked to see so many hate mails. He read all of them, some dating back to when he still did his 'businesses'. Eventually, he felt that he had to tell Wallace that he had to obey to their demands. Wallace was stressed and angry at them. 11. He got a call from the Psychologist asking to come. The Psychologist said that he is suitable to become a 'metal scrap collector'. Wallace was preplexed and refused to believe this. Gromit sighed and calmed him down - Wallace cannot reconcile them. \"I wish to be an inventor. Not a metal scrap collector!\", he felt. Gromit felt he HAD to do something, but what? Wallace looked like he had a lot to do. 12. Gromit produced for Wallace a plan on how to sort out his life to Wallace. i) Go and get face to face with other races, greet them. ii) Comprehed Philosophy - and use it in your life and your inventions. iii) Settle ALL claims of those hate mails. Obey ALL their demands. iv) Make inventions a hobby! Your job should be 'metal scrap collector'. You will: i) get a lot of metal for your inventions, ii) easy, people dump a lot of electronics, iii) lucrative business - part of consumption system. How to set up? i) Ask Metal Scrappers Association on how to set up. ii) Look at examples of metal scrappers around the world. iii) Incorporate some of their advantages - and bring from yours something special! iv) Advertise to every part of your town and nearby towns - and run! 13. Wallace and Gromit set out and plan how it will go. i) Wallace remians a cashier for a time, until he finishes his Philosophy. In the meantime, greet them more cheerfully. Explore their life. His UKIP membership will be cancelled. The hate mails will be addressed one by one - no future action until all hate mails are solved. ii) Look at market trends - and plan the business - it will be a metal scrapping business - and he wants it to be as essential as far as electronics continue to be popular in Britain. In the meantime, work with other metal scrappers in the nearby towns to know how they are used to run, get recommendations from them. iii) Visit Greman and France metal scrappers, get recommendations from them, while starting business, start advert, and with metals coming in, start inventing from plans made during time as cashier and metal scrapper. iv) Run, manage business while conducting tests on inventions. v) Advertise each used new inventions (as bold as posssible) on media (billboard) and inspect manufacturing the product to selling time. Manage business transactions prudently. vi) Once there are collector of new inventions, host a new TV show, Wallace and Gromit, while managing the additional side effects of the show, such as mails. visits, merchandising, etc. etc. Continue unitl no longer able. 14. Wallace and Gromit set out to try to do exactly as above. 15. After whatever easy to them has been done from their plan, Wallace was like, \"Ahh, I will like to rest this evening!\" Gromit brought Wensleydale cheese and crackers, Wallace says, \"Ooh, cheese time, lad?\". Wallace and Gromit was about to eat when Wallace interrupts and say \"Camera, Gromit! Cheese!\", as they hold the crackers as the camera flashes, and out come a picture of Wallace and Gromit, their newfound bond of man and the other 'man'. The End. With the help of The Perfect. ","Summary":" With the help of The Perfect, Wallace & Gromit 1. Wallace and Gromit's house is a mess. 2. He had a"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"The Food Fight O Matic","Author":"Bobby South","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6984529","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Night time came at West Wallaby Street. All the houses had no lights on and were very quiet, except at No. 62. Inside the house, Wallace and Gromit were busy getting everything ready for a dinner party tonight for some friends. All Wallace did today to get ready was shower, clean his teeth and put his suit on. All Gromit did today was put his bow tie on. \"Well, Gromit, this dinner party isn't too much hassle for you, is it, lad?\" said Wallace proudly. For the first time in his life, Gromit actually agreed with him. All they did was just smarten up. All day, they've been resting and putting Wallace's inventions to the test. So far, so good. The Sweep-O-Matic, a robot similar to the dresser robot but with a broom in his hands, had swept the whole place spotless. The automatic hoover or, Auto-Hoov for short, made double sure. The dinner table, the chairs, the sofas and the windows were taken care of by the Polish-O-Matic. The doorbell rang. Wallace went to the door and opened it. It was Mr. and Mrs. Aprins. Mr. Aprin was bald with a grey moustache and Mrs. Aprin had old white hair. Then came Mr. and Mrs. Booktaste, the middle-aged black couple. Then came Mrs. Balbutter, an old lady who wears glasses. Then came Mr. Binsert, an old man with glasses. Then came Admiral Sea in his navy uniform. Wallace would take their coats and then give them to Gromit to \"hang on the coat hangers\". Then Wallace led them to their chairs in the living room. He pressed a button on his sofa and champagne bottles with drinking glasses automatically shot up from the sofas. The guests helped themselves to drinking and began talking about their lives and what they have been up to. They were having a great time and good laughs. Wallace was enjoying himself so much, that he accidentally threw his glass behind his sofa and it fell down. There wasn't much in the glass anyway, but the last drop landed on the cable that was leading into the chair. A sparkle sparkled. Soon it was time for the main event or the main course. They all sat down at the table in the dining room. \"Do the honours, will you, lad?\" Wallace asked Gromit. His dog nodded and pressed the button at his end of the table. Plates of food appeared out of the table. Just when they were about to eat their food, Mr. Binsert's plate of stew threw into Mr. Aprin's face! \"What did you do that for, Binsert?\" Mr. Aprin shouted. \"I didn't, Aprin!\" said Mr. Binsert. Then a cheese and onion pie landed on Mrs. Balbutter's dress. \"Careful with pie, Mrs. Booktaste!\" snapped Mrs. Balbutter. \"Don't talk to my wife like that, Mrs. Balbutter!\" shouted Mr. Booktaste. \"This means war again!\" shouted Admiral Sea. Then everyone stood up and shouted at each other, as more food was flying around the area. But Wallace and Gromit, knowing what's going on really, dropped down under the table and met. \"The invention is playing up, lad,\" Wallace said. Tell me something I don't know, Gromit moaned in his head. \"You go to the kitchen and turn the machine off,\" ordered Wallace. \"I'll try and calm the people down.\" Gromit crawled out from under the table and walked to the kitchen. He pressed the power button in the kitchen. Back in the dining room, food was being thrown around no more. The guests stopped shouting and calmed down. \"I'm sorry, everyone,\" apologized Wallace. He went to his bookcase, pressed a button and the bookcase moved to reveal some hidden cheese. \"Anyone for cheese?\" But when he turned around, he saw all the guests were gone. \"Oh, well,\" he said, as he shoved all the cheese down his throat. As Gromit came in the dining room, Wallace walked past him. \"Uh, Gromit, do you mind tiding up the room up?\" asked Wallace. \"All that entertaining the guests has tidied me out.\" And upstairs he went. As if checking the machines were working and saving the day wasn't enough, the dog's master has made his dog tidy up the dining room! From a dinner party he wanted no part in the first place! What's next? A breakfast made for him to eat in bed in the morning and not serviced by a robot? That's what happened next. So it was all back to normal. ","Summary":" Night time came at West Wallaby Street. All the houses had no lights on and were very quiet, except"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Goodbye, Old Friend","Author":"The Flying Hawaiian 001","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12521795","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Goodbye, Old Friend Pain. That was what Gromit felt when he saw his master, his beloved friend Wallace, receive the news that he had terminal cancer in his liver and lungs. He watched as his friend cried, unable to come to terms with leaving the Earth, and sat in bed, completely shocked. When Gromit heard it, he too felt awful. He would miss his friend dearly, and couldn't bear to see him go. Later that night, Gromit heard Wallace sobbing. He went to the man's room to see if there was anything he could do, and he found Wallace, on the floor, his head buried in his hands. When he heard Gromit enter, he looked up at the dog. \"Oh, Gromit. Oh, what are you gonna do when I'm gone?\" He asked, despite knowing that he wouldn't get a response. The dog frowned, and sat beside Wallace. \"Do you know what the worst part is, lad?\" Wallace asked, to which Gromit looked up at his tear-stained face. \"I don't want to die. I don't feel ready to leave, just yet.\" He stated. Gromit automatically put his arm around Wallace, and put his paw on his shoulder. Wallace began to break down once again, and wrapped his arms around the dog. Three months passed, and Wallace was much paler, and barely walking. He wouldn't even eat cheese and crackers, anymore, and was mostly bedridden. One day, when Gromit came in to serve him dinner, Wallace chuckled, and asked, \"Old pal, do you remember the first time I brought you home? How you used to walk around in me shoes? Or the first time you helped me invent something? Heck, do you remember when we went to the moon? Any of that?\" Gromit nodded in response, making Wallace chuckle a little, only before coughing. This prompted the dog to give Wallace his glass of water, and to help him swallow it. \"Thanks, lad. Still, those were some wonderful times, right?\" Wallace asked. Gromit nodded his head, as he too felt nostalgic for the old days. \"I'm gonna miss those days. Will you?\" Wallace asked, with tears forming in his eyes. This made Gromit begin to cry a little as well, and then watched his master fall asleep. Another three months passed, and Wallace was no better. Most days, he was sleeping, leaving Gromit to walk around the house, alone. The house on 62 West Wallaby Street, which was once always filled with the sounds of Wallace inventing something new, was now quiet and dull. Then, one early morning, when it was still dark out, Gromit woke up to Wallace calling his name. He went into Wallace's room, and found him looking tired, but, surprisingly, happy. \"Say, lad, do you think we could go out and watch the sunrise? I've never actually seen it, despite what you might think.\" Gromit was somewhat hesitant. On the one hand, he knew that Wallace shouldn't be leaving the house. On the other hand, he wanted his Master to be as happy as possible in his final months. So, he got Wallace out of bed, helped him walk down the stairs, and took him out the front door, and into the van they owned. They drove to a hill, where they could see the sunrise perfectly. Then, at exactly 4:45 AM, the sun rose into the sky, its radiant light shining upon the duo's faces. And, even after it rose, they just left the car parked where it was, and stared at the beauty before their eyes. \"Isn't it just wonderful, Gromit? Just seeing it, and getting to experience all this?\" Wallace said, smiling, to which Gromit tapped his master's shoulder. The rest of the day was uneventful, as expected. The two went home, and went back to sleep. Then, after what seemed like a day, Gromit woke up to the sound of Wallace talking to himself, from downstairs. He got out of bed, and found his master making a meal of some sort. When he heard Gromit coming down the stairs, he turned to talk to him. \"Evening, lad! You're up a little late!\" Gromit looked at the clock, and saw that it was 5:30 PM. \"Well, don't just stand there, sit! I've prepared you a meal!\" Gromit was surprised by this. Usually, it was him who did things around the house, especially when Wallace learned that he was diagnosed. In spite of this, he sat down at the table, as Wallace slowly grabbed a tray consisting of vegetables, spaghetti and meatballs, and a buttered piece of bread. And, of course, there was a steaming hot cup of tea. Gromit made a motion with his eyes and head, indicating that Wallace didn't have to do this for him. \"I know what you're thinking, lad. And honestly, I figured that you deserve it most of all.\" Wallace said, sincerity in his voice and eyes. So, Wallace and Gromit sat at the table, and enjoyed a meal, Gromit with the one Wallace had prepared for him, and Wallace with a nice plate of cheese and crackers. After dinner, the two looked through a book of memories, from the time that Wallace first took Gromit home, to the time they went to the moon, or when they got Feathers McGraw put back in jail, and so many more times. They sat in their favorite armchairs, laughing and reminiscing and, all the while, crying, though not because they were sad, but because they were happy to look back and laugh at all the things they had done and seen. After a couple of hours, Gromit helped Wallace walk upstairs, and crawl into bed. Wallace sighed, and said, \"You know, Grommy, this was, undoubtedly, the best day I've had since… well, I can't remember, anymore.\" He chuckled, and looked at the dog that he had come to consider family. \"I want to thank you, Gromit. For everything. For all the times you saved my skin, to the times where you helped me make a simple contraption, to the times where you were my best friend. Thank you for everything, old pal.\" He said, tears running down his and Gromit's faces. The man and his dog embraced one another, and, when Gromit went to rest at Wallace's feet, drifted off to sleep. Wallace died in the middle of the night. He went peacefully, in his sleep, with Gromit resting at his feet. When Gromit woke up, and found his master long gone, he wrapped his hand around his master's right hand, and broke down in a sob. The funeral was three weeks later. Everyone in town came to the funeral, whether it be those who simply knew Wallace by reputation, or who knew him personally. Even Victor Quartermaine, the man who tried to murder Wallace in cold blood, showed up at the funeral to pay his respects to the man whom he finally realized was a better one than he'd ever been or ever would be. When the casket was lowered into the ground, and Wallace's will had left his home and his inventions to Gromit, Gromit could do nothing but stare at the tombstone by Wallace's grave. On the grave, along with Wallace's full name, was written a message: \"Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.\" And, when the funeral was over, and everyone had left, Gromit stayed behind, to leave behind one last thing: a model rocket, the one Wallace built as a child, and left it on top of Wallace's grave. And, with that, he parted ways with his master, thinking to himself, \"Goodbye, old friend. I'll always miss you.\" Author's Note: If you're wondering why I'm writing this, well, it's because Peter Sallis, the voice actor for Wallace, died last Friday, with his family by his side. I know about Sallis' career outside of Wallace and Gromit, but I have never really seen any of his other work, and I just want to say that I grew up watching the short films and the feature length film, and I still love them, even today. To say how much effort and joy this man put into his performance as the eccentric, cheese-loving inventor that we know and love wouldn't be enough praise. This man helped create one of my favorite childhood characters, and was a main factor in making the films starring him so enjoyable, and I'm going to definitely miss him. Thank you, Peter Sallis. You will be missed. Thank you all for reading! I'll see you soon! ","Summary":" Goodbye, Old Friend Pain. That was what Gromit felt when he saw his master, his beloved friend Wall"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Tag Team","Author":"sherlocklayton","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11742004","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Gromit was the runt of his litter. He was always the smallest, always getting the least amount of attention from his mother. Every day he snuggled up to his mother only to be pushed away by his three brothers and two sisters. He never got enough to eat and he never got enough love. Gromit and his family lived in a pet shop owned by a human couple. On the day he was finally old enough to go for adoption, Gromit was curled up by the edge of the glass cage they were put in. He was feeling sad. His brothers and sisters were practicing being pets and had purposefully excluded him. His mother had never taught him any of the tricks that his littermates could do: \"sit\", \"roll over\", and even \"play dead\". All Gromit could do was stand and walk on his hind legs, and no-one wanted a dog who couldn't do tricks. Gromit watched as his two sisters were adopted and taken home by children who loved seeing puppies do tricks. He had stood on his hind legs but the two children had completely ignored him. The door to the pet shop swung open and the bell tinkled as a man stepped through the door. He was a middle-aged man who wore a white shirt with a noticeable green vest over it. He caught Gromit's eye because he seemed to be looking for a puppy. Adults only looked for a puppy if they had a child at home, and this man didn't look like he had children. \"Got any dogs?\" the man cheerfully asked Dave, the sales assistant. \"Yes we do.\" Dave led the man past Gromit's cage and to the display of grown-up dogs. Gromit sank back down into his depression. Of course the man wasn't looking for a puppy. \"Got any puppies?\" Gromit snapped his head up and stared at the man as he said that. He was looking for a puppy! Dave was also staring but he managed to hide it fairly well. \"Uh, yeah. Over here, Mr Wallace.\" Dave led Wallace to Gromit's cage. Gromit sat up straight at the prospect of being adopted, but his three brothers elbowed past him to the front of the cage and started sitting and rolling over and playing dead. Gromit slunk back to where he had been sitting. He felt he was never going to be adopted. He watched to see which one of his brothers Wallace would take. However, Wallace wasn't looking at any of his brothers. He was looking straight at Gromit. Gromit knew it was his time to shine. He stood back up on his hind legs and walked a few steps forward and then a few steps backward to show Wallace what he could do. Even though he put his heart and soul into it, Gromit felt sure Wallace was going to move on from him. But Wallace didn't. He looked to Dave for permission and, when Dave gave it to him, he picked Gromit up. His hands were soft and warm, and he was beaming down at Gromit. \"You're a good lad, aren't you?\" Gromit couldn't physically stick his tongue out but he wagged his tail eagerly. Wallace turned to Dave. \"I'll take this one.\" \"His name's Gromit,\" Dave informed him as he started to get the paperwork ready. Gromit couldn't stop himself feeling excited. He finally had a home! \"Gromit,\" repeated Wallace. \"I like that.\" He looked Gromit straight in the eye. \"Wallace and Gromit. What a tag team we'll be, eh?\" ","Summary":" Gromit was the runt of his litter. He was always the smallest, always getting the least amount of a"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"In the Rain","Author":"I'm-all-about-FNAF","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9241346","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was a warm, sunny summer's day, a day which Gromit and Fluffles both agreed would be the perfect day for them to go out on their first date. That was Wallace's idea. Since she moved in with them after the death of her previous owner, Piella Bakewell, he felt that it would be best for her to spend as much time with her new boyfriend as possible to help take her mind off the painful memories of her old life. Yes, things have been getting much better for her then, since Piella was always such a horrible old witch to her. Because of that, the poor little poodle still had mental, as well as physical, scars which needed healing. And who better for the job than her beloved Gromit? Though Wallace was always a rather reckless bloke who came up with all sorts of insane ideas, even Gromit had to admit that this was one of his better ideas, and one which he, as well as Fluffles, was all too happy to agree to. So, to start their date off, the pair took a stroll around the park where they bought ice cream at a kiosk and sat for a while on a bench, watching the ducks and geese on the pond. Next, they went to the cinema to see the latest romantic comedy, and lastly they decided it would be nice to finish their date by having dinner at a very beautiful five-star restaurant which Wallace himself had recommended on the other side of town. It wasn't a terribly expensive restaurant, but they still thought it was really nice and inviting. Each table was draped with red checkered tablecloths and had a lit candle, a large bottle of wine and a cup filled with breadsticks in the middle. The lighting of the restaurant was rather dim, which, to the two dogs, seemed to make the atmosphere all the more romantic. When they entered, the waiter politely greeted them and showed them to their seats before giving them a menu each. Normally, dogs, cats, and other pets of other kinds weren't allowed in restaurants or cafés with their owners, unless they were guide dogs of course. However, Wallace and Gromit had once again both gained themselves an excellent reputation from their latest business, the Dough-to-Door delivery service. So the waiter clearly thought it was only right to make an exception with Gromit and his new girlfriend, being so thankful for all the delicious freshly-baked bread he and his owner had delivered to him. After giving them time to look over said menus, he took their orders and went away, leaving the two dogs by themselves once more. Thankfully they didn't have to wait very long for their food to be brought to them. As they ate, they just listened to the music that was being played on the radio for the customers while they enjoyed the pleasant atmosphere of the place, as well as each other's company. For pretty much the whole day, Fluffles was very happy, for she had spent it with Gromit and her past life with Piella was the furthest thing from her mind. Well, that is until the music stopped and the news channel came on, starting with more stories about the recent death of her previous owner. Since it only happened a couple of weeks before, of course they'd still be talking about the untimely death of the former Bake-O-Lite Girl. Gromit immediately frowned when he heard that witch's name being mentioned yet again, especially when hearing that people were paying tributes to a woman who only he, Wallace and Fluffles knew was the one behind the death of those twelve bakers. No surprise there, he thought, since she was very clever about keeping that well hidden from the public. It wasn't before turning back to Fluffles again and therefore seeing the look of melancholy retuning to her face that his paw curled into a fist as his anger increased. It was happening again, the very mention of that murderous harpy who abused his beloved had triggered those painful memories for her and now it looked as though she was about to go into one of those meltdowns of hers in a few seconds. Gromit thought then about looking for the radio and changing the channel, whether the rest of the customers in the restaurant liked it or not. But from the state that Fluffles was in, the last thing he wanted to do now was leave her on her own, even if it would've been just for a few seconds. So instead, he merely put his paw on top of hers, causing her to look up into his eyes as he gave her that supportive, encouraging look, reminding her that she was now free forever from that witch at long last, and that she had no more to worry about, that things could only get better from here on out. Even though this caused the young poodle's face to become a little brighter again, she still couldn't stop the single tear from escaping from her eye and running down her cheek, staining the fur there. Gromit put his paw to her face and wiped away said tear, feeling very glad to see the happiness quickly returning to her beautiful face as she closed her eyes and leaned into his gentle touch. For about a couple of seconds, she was lost in pure bliss before opening her eyes again and giving him a \"Thank you\" look. In response, Gromit merely leant over a little, taking her tiny paw towards his mouth and placed a soft kiss on the top of it before they both decided to finish their dinner. Because of all the popcorn and ice cream they had both eaten back at the cinema, they didn't really feel like having any dessert, so after they had finished their main course, they decided then to just ask for the bill. Upon receiving it, they were both very pleased to see that they weren't being charged a terrible amount, and even more so to see that Wallace had given Gromit just enough money to leave them a tip. As they were leaving the restaurant, they saw that it hard started to rain quite heavily. Gromit, who was holding paws with Fluffles, was very confused at feeling himself being held back as he tried to walk out onto the street. He looked back towards the poodle to see her looking out towards the pouring weather with a rather fearful expression. Oh, of course, the older dog thought. Another reminder of Fluffles' ugly past. That was another thing that witch Piella did to her whenever she had displeased her at all. She would kick her out of that poor excuse for a bed she had given her, which consisted only of a Meatabix box covered with a tattered old tartan cloth, and have her spend the night outside, regardless on whether the night was dry or not. And Piella didn't bother to get her a dog house, so if it did indeed rain on that night, then poor Fluffles would end up with a terrible cold the next morning and would have to deal with her owner demanding her to stop all that sneezing, despite the fact that she herself was the very cause of it. No wonder she wasn't too thrilled at having to go out in it again. Gromit just looked at Fluffles sympathetically as he took a minute to think about what he could do about this. They couldn't just hang about at the doors, waiting for the rain to go off. They'd be in the way of any other customers who wished to enter or exit the restaurant. And besides, there was no telling when the rain would stop, and if they weren't home soon, Wallace would be wondering where on earth they were. If only they had brought an umbrella with them... An umbrella! That was it! Gromit quickly took a look around the various shops on the street until he spotted a clothes shop just across the road. Turning back to face Fluffles, he held up a finger to her as a gesture for her to stay put before quickly dashing across the road towards the shop. He was happy that it was still open and that, upon going in and looking around, it didn't take him long to find an umbrella stand in one of the far corners. Going up to it, he picked out this perfect long, black one and took it up to the counter to pay for it. Thankfully, that was quite cheap too, though it was still of good quality, and it still left him just enough money to pay for a cab home. He nodded in thanks to the shop owner before he turned and left with his new umbrella. He was relieved to see Fluffles still standing at the restaurant entrance, watching him expectantly. He dashed back across the road towards her as quickly as he had left her. Opening up the umbrella above his head, he held out his paw to her as a gesture for her to come forward and take it. Fluffles was a little hesitant at first. She looked up at the now opened umbrella. The protective material did seem to be rather wide, but was it wide enough to protect them both from the rain? She looked back at Gromit, who was now looking at her with a gentle but eager expression. She decided then just to give in as she reached out her tiny paw to take his larger one. Fluffles trembled a little when their palms touched. Before she knew what she was doing, she forward until she was right by Gromit's side. The older dog immediately wrapped and arm around her shoulders and pulled her into him. She took a moment to look up at the umbrella and then at the falling rain beyond it, with the occasional little streak of rain falling from the material. But there was another thing that she noticed about it all; none of it had landed on her, not even the end of her tail which was wagging behind her. Indeed, this umbrella that Gromit had bought them did turn out to be ideal in protecting the both of them from the rain which she dreaded so much. When Fluffles looked back up at her lover, he gazed down at her with that look in his eyes which meant that he was mentally smiling as he gave her an encouraging wink. Well, Fluffles was just so happy and so grateful that Gromit had done this for her that she couldn't stop herself from wrapping her arms around him and buried her face into his shoulder, muffling her happy sobs. Gromit's mental smile got even wider as he tightened his grip around his lover's small waist and placed a soft kiss to her head. For the next ten minutes or so, the two dogs just remained in their romantic embrace, shielded from the rain by Gromit's umbrella until he caught sight of approaching headlights up ahead, penetrating the darkness and heavy rain between them. Squinting, he saw that those headlights did indeed belong to a cab and he immediately held out his paw, indicating for the driver to pull in. When the cab stopped, Gromit opened the door and, very much in the fashion of a gentleman, took Fluffles' paw again as he allowed her to get in first, still holding the umbrella above them. He waited until she was seated and buckled in before he closed it down and followed her into the taxi. He closed the door behind him and took his place next to her. \"Where to, Gromit?\" asked the driver, obviously recognising the dog who worked for Wallace's latest delivery service. Because neither Gromit nor Fluffles could speak, the older of the two dogs merely handed a note to the driver which read, \"62 West Wallaby Street\". \"Righto!\" chirped the driver before starting up the cab again and taking the two dogs back home. For the entire journey, Fluffles remained cuddled up against Gromit, and mentally smiled sweetly to herself when her favourite song, \"Puppy Love\" by Doggy Osmond played on the radio. When they had finally returned home, they were both very happy to see that the rain had gone off. Gromit gave the last of the money to the driver and nodded a thanks to him before he and Fluffles got out of the cab, which drove away as they both made their way up to the front door. Gromit opened the door and led Fluffles inside. Closing the door behind them, he hung the new umbrella on the hatstand as he and his lover passed it to head to the living room. Looking inside, Gromit saw that his master was nowhere to be seen. He decided that me must've decided to go to bed early that night. Feeling a little tired himself, he took Fluffles' paw once more as he led her upstairs. Stopping at her bedroom door, he took both her tiny paws into his larger ones as he looked down at her lovingly. She looked back up at him with the same expression before leaning up to him and kissing him passionately on the lips. Gromit was taken slightly aback by this, but closed his eyes as he just returned her kiss, wrapping his arms around her waist. She returned his embrace as the kiss deepened somewhat. Both dogs decided to relish this loving moment between them, as this was their first real kiss since she had moved in with him. Sure, their lips had met on several occasions these past few weeks, but their kisses were always on the chaste side. So it was understandable that both of them wished that this moment could last forever. But alas, all good things must come to an end, as they say, for eventually, they both felt themselves beginning to run out of air. Reluctantly, they pulled away and begin to gaze at one another once more. Fluffles couldn't help but giggle at what had just happened. Gromit smiled to himself again as this began to warm his soul. He took Fluffles' reaction as a good sign. A sign which meant that the wounds of her past could indeed be healed, and that, indeed, he was achieving that. Slowly, but surely. Once Fluffles' giggling had died down, she stood up on tip-toe as she placed a quick goodnight kiss to Gromit's nose before turning and going into her room. She turned back to take a last glance at her lover before closing the door behind her. For a while, Gromit could only just stand there, eyes blankly staring at the door as he found that he really did feel quite happy. Happy that everything seemed to be going according to plan. Everyday, the once empty, lifeless expression in Fluffles' eyes were filling up with life, just as they should be. And it was all thanks to Gromit and his kind-hearted, if somewhat eccentric, master Wallace. But it was mainly thanks to Gromit that the young poodle's life was definitely getting better. He did save her from the clutches of her former owner after all, and all their plans to help heal her soul had so far proven to be very successful indeed. Stretching, Gromit then decided that it was time for him to retire to his own room. He down the hall, certain at one point that he could hear his master's loud snoring from behind his bedroom door before entering his own once he had reached it. Closing the door behind him, he went over to his bed, climbed in and turned the light off before snuggling down under the covers. Soon, he drifted away into a peaceful sleep, dreaming of sharing more romantic moments with his beloved Fluffles. ","Summary":" It was a warm, sunny summer's day, a day which Gromit and Fluffles both agreed would be the perfect"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"A Farting Dog Named Gromit","Author":"susanlwade1962","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11688698","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The he is according to Wallace and Gromit What who it is from Fanfictions percent to close shave or wrong trousers - a farting dog named \"Gromit\" - by Lisa Twain but seen in town but cat dies from shooting gun hes wake up in man's home he named Hammy but later this house is to short but cat named Lisa she's rest in Lisa's home later Wallace woke up but he was Gromit pulled a lever but Wallace falls into a chair but he wears it at sometimes - Five Minutes Later - Wendolene Forgot for Her Stacking Yesterday \"oops\" but he falls for floor from water \"ow\" she behaved at Wendolene's Wools also he walked into door (farting sounds) \"sit Gromit sit\" \"he did sit,hey mam sake\" (larger farting sounds) \"he's not coming back for this time I'll call you vicar\" (farting sound from Gromit) \"wait wait minute\" - Later at the Week - \"eh Preston what why\" Wendolene Pats That Preston but he comes into a tree \"Gromit what you doing\" \"eh\" \"lucky dog eh man\" Gromit put him down \"what the heck\" (farting sounds) - Twenty Years Later - gromit went to sleep at all in Gromit's room \"good night Gromit\" ","Summary":" The he is according to Wallace and Gromit What who it is from Fanfictions percent to close shave or"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Unidentified Flying Objects","Author":"The Wuzzy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7427594","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Unidentified Flying Objects One afternoon, Shaun was standing in the field eating grass with all the other sheep, as usual, when something very strange happened. Out of nowhere, a whirling grey shape flew over head, screeching like a demon. It crashed, leaving a trail of smoke, into one of the fields beyond. \"Baaaah!\" wailed Timmy, covering his eyes with his hooves. The rest of the flock quivered and stuffed their heads into Shirley's wool in terror. Bitzer, who had been chewing a bone in the corner while he kept an eye on the flock, whimpered and scurried into his kennel. The farmer grunted in his afternoon nap, but did not awake. Shaun, however, was brave, and decided to go and investigate. Bitzer slowly poked his head out, resigning himself to the fact that as he was in charge while the farmer slept, he should probably help too. The two of them walked over to the wall to see what was going on. The trail of smoke was still billowing out, and wasn't being wafted away by the wind, so they still couldn't see where the mysterious object had landed. \"Baah?\" said Shaun. \"Woof!\" replied Bitzer. Shaun and Bitzer went over to the gate that led to the back field. Unfortunately, this path led through the pig sty. The pigs were all lying on their backs with their legs in the air, snoring and grunting, as they too were having an afternoon siesta. The trouble with pigs was they could wake up at any time, and when they did, they were nasty. \"Woof,\" said Bitzer worriedly. Shaun furrowed his woolly brow, when suddenly, he had an idea. \"Baa, baa baa baa!\" he said to Bitzer. \"Woof, woof!\" Bitzer agreed, and nodded towards a muddy patch by the wall. Both of them rolled around in the dirt until they were entirely brown, then Bitzer picked up some twigs and leaves and stuck them into Shaun's wool. Then he pulled a branch of a bush, and held it in front of his face. The camouflage was complete! One of the pigs, waking momentarily to shake off a fly which was tickling his nose, was slightly surprised to see what looked like two large, brown bushes slowly creeping across their field. Before he had a chance to remark on this, however, he fell promptly back to sleep. Shaun and Bitzer made it across, and slowly pushed open the gate, wincing as it creaked. A pig snorted, and they froze. Then it rolled over onto a muddier bit of ground to make itself more comfortable, and became still once more. Shaun and Bitzer sighed with relief as they left the field and closed the gate behind them. Now, they were up close with the mysterious flying object. Mist and smoke billowed out towards them from what looked like a huge, jumbled pile of bent metal. Bitzer and Shaun looked at eachother in confusion. Then, in the middle of the smoke cloud, a line of red light appeared. With a hiss a hatch began to swing slowly open. Shaun and Bitzer began to move backwards with fear as a figure emerged from within the flying object. It moved down the hatch ramp and through the mist towards them. With each step, its heavy footsteps rang out: boom…boom…boom. In the glow emanating from the open hatch, they saw that it had a huge, bulbous, shiny head and a smooth white body ending in four feet wearing massive black boots. It was almost upon them, and, terrified, Shaun and Bitzer turned to flee. \" Baa! \" They turned back in amazement at the noise and suddenly, the bulbous head slid open. It wasn't a head, it was a helmet. And inside it…was a sheep! A sheepish looking inventor sheep to be exact, with glasses askew, baaing apologetically. \"Baa,\" said Shaun, relieved. Bitzer growled suspiciously, but after nosing the inventor sheep to make sure that's what it really was, began to wag his tail. \"Baa, baa, baaaaa!\" said the inventor sheep, telling them of all the amazing things he'd seen on his journey into the sky before he had crashed. Great big rocks that floated through space, and massive misty spheres surrounded by rings! He never had, however, managed to get close enough to the stars to figure out why they twinkled. Shaun and Bitzer listened in amazement and disbelief. Shaun nodded towards their field, and the inventor sheep gratefully followed them back. They snuck again through the gate into the pig field, and made it almost all the way across without being noticed. But then, the inventor sheep tripped and fell into the pig's water trough with a huge splash! The pigs all sat up, grunting in anger at who had disturbed their nap. Noticing Shaun and Bitzer, they smiled maliciously and began to advance. \"Baa!\" wailed Shaun, trying to placate them, to no avail. Bitzer covered his face with his arm. Snorting with laughter, the three pigs kept coming. Suddenly, a huge shape in with a bulbous glass head and a smooth white body raised itself out of the water trough, waving big black boots. The pig's eyes bulged, and they squealed in horror, tripping over each other in their desperation to run back into the pig sty. Shaun and Bitzer high-fived the inventor sheep, who looked around in puzzlement. \"Baa baaa?\" he asked, having no idea what had just happened. Shaun and Blitzer laughed. The sun was slowly beginning to sink in the western sky as the three sheep trotted back into their safe cozy field. The rest of the flock were very relieved to see Shaun and Blitzer back safe, and more than a little curious as to what exactly the inventor sheep had been doing. Timmy, who was small enough to entirely fit inside the space-suit helmet, invented a brilliant new game involving sliding it open and shut, while jumping in and out of it until he got dizzy. The farmer emerged from the house, yawning and stretching, and they quickly hid the suit inside the barn. As the sleepy farmer and Bitzer herded the flock back into the barn, he didn't seem to notice that their number had increased by one. The sheep settled down for the night, munching hay, and bleating drowsily. Shaun and the inventor sheep baaed to each other for a while, until, tired and contented, they both dozed off. That night, Shaun had a wonderful dream that he could fly into the sky and see the whole world. The inventor sheep, however, dreamed of eating grass. The End ","Summary":" Unidentified Flying Objects One afternoon, Shaun was standing in the field eating grass with all th"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Ghosts of Women","Author":"LM Simpson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7949526","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Ghosts of Women Author: LM Simpson (Kady the Red Panda) Pairing(s): Wallace/Wendolene, Wallace/Lady Tottington, Wallace/Piella Rating: K Warning(s): Nothing really objective Disclaimer: I am not associated with Aardman. At all. Other tidbits: I haven't written a Wallace and Gromit fic for years. Just thought this would be interesting. 0000 Wendolene Wendolene was different from other women. She was around his age, for one. And not just that, but her father was an inventor like himself. Even when he discovered that she did not share the same hobby, she was at least knowledgeable and willing to listen to him blabber about his current projects. There was also her yarn shop. Gromit loved knitting and although she was six feet deep in debt she was willing to sell Wallace yarn at a discount for his pet. A woman who knew a thing or two about inventing and knitting. Now this was someone that he could live with. He wanted so bad for the relationship to work out. But when Wendolene confessed to detesting cheese, she had to go. If she could not accept the thing that was a bigger component of his self than his inventing, it was not going to work out in the end. Lady Tottington Lady Tottington was different from other women. She had status, for one. Like Wendolene she was gentle and loving, having summoned his pest removal service because it was humane. But unlike the previous woman, Campanula Tottington was more self-confident and a bit of a flirt, if what she pulled on him whenever they were in her secret garden was any indication. She was also more forgiving, particularly after the whole were-rabbit fiasco. Best of all, she was much more accepting of his cheese obsession. She would provide all sorts of cheese during their teatime meetings. A woman who was self-confident and accepting of him. Now that was someone he could live with. He wanted so bad for the relationship to work out. But when Totty began insisting on always dressing Gromit up in baby clothes and nappies because it was 'so sweet,' she had to go. He cared for her, but he cared for Gromit more, even if it didn't seem like it half the time. If she was not willing to leave his best friend alone, it was not going to work out in the end. Piella Piella was different from other women. She was famous, for one. Like Lady Tottington she was well-known. Like Wendolene, she had a pet dog that could be Gromit's friend (although this one was actually flesh and blood, unlike Preston). Unlike Lady Tottington, she was famous as a former spokesgirl for Bake-O-Lite. Unlike Wendolene and even Lady Tottington, she was incredibly outspoken and dedicated to her goals, having radically given his house a \"woman's touch\" just because she wanted to. And unlike the previous women, she was overweight. That was usually not his type, but Piella caught his heart anyways. He wanted so bad for the relationship to work out. He had wanted to marry her, after all. But when she tried to kill him that was the end of that relationship. Wallace would live to see another day, but Piella was devoured by gators. After what happened with Piella, Wallace decided that it was best to stay in bachelorhood. Women were just not worth the trouble. At least, not as lovers. He stayed in touch with Wendolene and Lady Tottington after \"breaking up\" and he was sure that he would've wrote to Piella even if she was convicted for \"cereal murder.\" But for now, he was content with just Gromit, Fluffles, and him in their house on Wallaby Way. And cheese. Lots and lots of cheese. ","Summary":" Title: Ghosts of Women Author: LM Simpson (Kady the Red Panda) Pairing(s): Wallace/Wendolene, Walla"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Blasted Riches","Author":"Rozza42","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6520047","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Blast that 'Anti-Pesto'! To hell with Wallace, the crackpot and fool! To the doghouse with that conniving Gromit! And how could I forget those vermin, 'rabbits', what the appeal is behind those creatures, I will never cease my hatred for them. All of them, taken advantage of, made into catalysts for my climatic succession. I was so close. But then, they became destroyers, reeling in my undoing like a fiery wildfire. I was still so far. And now I am. Sitting like a penniless twit, upon this Yorkshire moor... My beautiful black hair ruined, my hunting threads ripped and soiled, my face... Oh I don't even want to look! I cannot return to that parish, oh hell why would I ever want to return to see any of their sorry faces? There was nothing remotely interesting or redeeming in that town. There never was. Far less appealing than my own home, in Berkshire, the royal county! Yes, that's where I belong. Where I am not having to patronise the neighbours with my wonderful, imposing nature. Where I am not needing to get my point across several times. Where I do not have... Oh! Why on earth is my lip quivering? No Victor, stop it. Stiff upper lip, as father used to say. Perhaps a stiff lower lip should be put into tow. Oh I cannot help it. I am human after all. The effects of losing can be utterly devastating. And that is what I am getting. But... my heart yearns. Yes, it is true, I would never return to that damned parish and yes, I would never dare to return out of humiliation and deception. However, there was always something about the place I secretly held a candle for. I always ignored it in lieu of wooing Lady Tottington into marriage, for my own personal gain of money. Or... did I? Oh Victor, you idiot. Do you not remember back when you met her? The butterflies in the stomach? The reeling feeling of joy? No? You don't? Of course, you utterly mistreated those feelings as desires for more wealth and privileges. Money, money, money... You knew there was something far more precious than blasted riches, beneath that fancy facade. You knew it. You honestly knew it. Deep down, all you ever wanted... needed... was to win her heart. What is this, a tear? Oh why I am still holding up this inane 'macho' exterior? There's simply no use having it here. She will never take me back, even if I changed, her sweet heart would never accept me again. Even if I threw off the obsession of hunting, overruling privileges and downright gentleman snark... Walked back into the parish, to the manor... Knocked upon the door and said, with all my heart's content: I love you, Campanula. ","Summary":" Blast that 'Anti-Pesto'! To hell with Wallace, the crackpot and fool! To the doghouse with that con"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"A Gromit Poem","Author":"Smart Kira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12975961","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Gromit Poem The name is Gromit And that's my name So don't wear it out because I hear it constantly throughout the day Because my incompetent yet wacky inventor owner Wallace Never seems to catch a break Since I always no rather constantly have to dig him out Of whatever unusual situations he gets himself into ","Summary":" A Gromit Poem The name is Gromit And that's my name So don't wear it out because I hear it constant"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Bomb Cheddar","Author":"TJ Foxmonster","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10952151","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Once upon a time there was a Wallace and this Wallace had a thing for cheese. He would eat cheese by day and cheese by night. Once he ate so much cheese that he exploded and was just left as a head. \"Oh crumbs.\" Said the very unfortunate Wallace head. \"It appears at though I have eaten too much cheese.\" \"Har.\" Laughed Gromit, Wallace's dog companion. \"It appears as though you DID eat too much cheese.\" \"Oh what am I going to do, lad?\" \"Oi, don't include me in this, you are the one who is all exploded.\" Gromit left the room and Wallace was left to think about what he had done. \"Oh I shouldn't have eaten all that cheese.\" Wallace picked up the cheese that he was eating just before he blew up. \"Bomb cheddar, eh?\" That will do it. ","Summary":" Once upon a time there was a Wallace and this Wallace had a thing for cheese. He would eat cheese b"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"A Tale of Two Wallaces","Author":"Bobby South","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6966175","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Today began like a normal day: Getting up to get the newspaper and the post, pour the tea and put the bread in the toaster. Then, when Wallace wanted to get up, my next duty was to pull the lever down and watch my master get dressed. After that, I hit the jam button and the jam landed on the toast. After having his breakfast, he told me it was time for his inventing. That meant leaving me to tidy up. Soon I put my feet up and read The Lord of the Rings by J. R. R. Tolkien. Then a knock came through the door. As I got up, Wallace cried, \"I'll get it, lad.\" So I sat down and listened to Wallace speaking. \"Totty!\" greeted Wallace. \"Hello, Wallace,\" said the voice of Lady Tottingham. \"So what can I do for you?\" asked Wallace. \"Well, I've got to go on a business trip to Asia and promote Animal Rights there,\" Lady Tottingham said. \"And I can't leave Hutch all alone at the mansion. Could you look after him for two weeks?\" WHAT? As if serving Wallace wasn't bad enough, I will now have to serve Hutch too! When Lady Tottingham left, Hutch walked to the living room followed by Wallace. \"Hey, lad, could you show Hutch to the guest room?\" Wallace asked of me. So up I went carrying Hutch's suitcase, but he wasn't with me. I went to my human master's bedroom and Hutch was tucked in bed, reading Wallace's cheesy magazines. Later, I went down to the workshop and gave Wallace a cup of tea and cheese on crackers. It looked like he was inventing some sort of cleaning equipment with two mechanic hands. \"Oh, thanks, lad,\" smiled my master. \"Look at this – Automatic Window Cleaners or AWC for short.\" He picked up his first cracker, but, as he was about to take the first bite, it was yanked out of his hand. We saw Hutch eating all the cheese on crackers and drinking all the tea. Then he walked to the invention and started fiddling with the invention. \"Gromit, get him off my invention!\" ordered Wallace. He walked to the invention and tried to push Hutch away, but he wouldn't go. \"Gromit, get him off my invention!\" repeated Hutch. And I knew this was just the beginning. Every day since then, it would be the same. When I get up in the morning, I would pull the lever to get Wallace up and he would get dressed up, but when it came to his green sweater, Hutch would sit on Wallace's legs and would take it. When I made breakfast, either porridge or toast, Hutch would be the one to eat it. Afterwards, Wallace would say, \"Gromit, how about a boiled egg?\" and Hutch would repeat, \"Gromit, how about a boiled egg?\" And instead of relaxing and reading, Wallace ordered me to make sure that Hutch stayed out of his way whenever he was inventing. So I had to give Hutch his own inventing space and give him ideas of what he could invent, such as inventing a friendly-environment lorry, a washing machine that uses less water, a solar energy bar that can save energy and power the whole house for a year or a friendly-environment aeroplane. Then when it came to do meals like lunch and dinner, I thought I had to make two of them – one for Wallace and one for Hutch – which proved to be a very good idea. \"Hey, Gromit, while you're washing up, could you get me some cheesecake for dessert?\" Wallace would ask afterwards. Hutch would repeat the same. Then after the washing up, it was time for me to hit the hay, after a hard day's work. But after I tucked myself in, there is something I always have to, which I have to get out of bed to do it. \"GROMIT!\" Wallace would cry from his room. I had to get up and go to Wallace's room and see him standing next to his bed. He can never go in, because Hutch was sleeping in it. \"Get him out, will you, lad?\" Wallace would order me to do. And I would take Hutch out and put him in the guest room. But before I could go back to my bed, Hutch would cry, \"GROMIT!\" and would say, \"Get him out, will you, lad?\" And I was would take Wallace to the guest room and at least he was kind enough to sleep in the guest room. And all of this would go on and on and on every day. But after one week, Wallace began to have enough, not as enough as I had though. After Hutch told me to take Wallace away and we went in the guest room, Wallace told me his plan and I listened to it... The next morning, I did my usual jobs and I waited for Hutch to press the breakfast button. When he did, I pulled the lever down and he fell down on... the techno trousers. \"It's the wrong trousers!\" Hutch cried. \"What have you done with the controls, Gromit?\" Then Hutch was walking out of the room. \"Now, that'll do. Stop it! This isn't funny, Gromit!\" Hutch was out of the house and he was walking down the street. The techno trousers were being controlled by my master Wallace and he was controlling him from the living room. His plan so far was working perfectly. His plan was I could sit in the living room and watch and control Hutch while he was in town. I could relax and read at the same time, while Wallace could get to his inventing. The only trouble was that after two hours, Hutch was not in the trousers. When I got Wallace up and showed him the screen, we quickly got into the motorcycle and drove off into town. We drove and combed the town, but we couldn't find Hutch, even if we did have hairbrushes. \"What's Lady Tottingham going to say when she discovers we've lost her pet rabbit, lad?\" asked a panicking Wallace. More like sent her pet rabbit away, I thought, but I knew she wouldn't be happy. The motorcycle unfortunately then flipped over and we were heading for a wall. When we crashed, I got out and felt all right but I saw Wallace lying on the ground, rubbing his head. I saw how it was the bike that crashed and how Wallace hit the wall like a bulls-eye! Soon I had Wallace transported to a nearby hospital. Soon, who should come to call but – \"Totty!\" cried Wallace. \"Wallace,\" smiled Totty. Wallace felt so much pain that he couldn't take it anymore, even from hiding the truth. \"Listen, Totty, there's something I have to tell you,\" said Wallace. \"About Hutch – \" \"I know!\" yelled Totty. \"You've looked after him very well.\" Then Hutch came in, flying a U.F.O. made of a Cadbury's tin. \"Because you taught him how to be an inventor,\" Totty continued, \"my Animal Rights have won all over the world and the people will believe they can make it in this world. But it wasn't worth what nearly. I'm sorry, Wallace.\" \"That's all right,\" Wallace said kindly. \"If it really will help animals, then I'm glad to have been part of it.\" \"Well, to make it up to you – \" Lady Tottingham produced to Wallace's sore eyes a basket of cheese! I thought that was going to keep my master occupied until he gets better (the doctor said he must rest in bed for a whole fortnight), but two hours since I drove him back home and the basket was empty as a shell. Wallace would ring the bell and I would get him cups of tea, cheese on crackers and everything he wants. He would ring every half hour. When I try to read, Wallace would ring again and I would lose track that I would have to start at page one all over again. There was only one good bit in all of this: That Hutch isn't here to double the trouble! ","Summary":" Today began like a normal day: Getting up to get the newspaper and the post, pour the tea and put t"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Sewin' in the Wind!","Author":"Niamhako","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4907332","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Wallace and Gromit Sewin' in the Wind! Stitch it Fine, Wallace and Gromit's highly popular new company which provided stockings and gloves for fine ladies, had a very busy morning ahead of it. Because of the upcoming town dance, Wallace and Gromit certainly had their work cut out for them. But, as Wallace insisted to his 'sidekick', \"We can handle it lad! They don't call us 'The Textilable Twosome' for nothing you know! Now I don't know about you lad, but I'm in the mood for some wenslidale!\" Rolling his eyes, he couldn't be bothered to point out that nobody had ever called them the 'Textilable Twosome', Gromit returned to reading his newspaper. The cover of the newspaper held the title 'Cheese and Cookers!\" followed by the subheading, \"Explosive crackers on our shelves?\". On the television, a warning was being broadcasted. The Jacob's Crackers official was warning the public not to eat their crackers until they had managed to trace all of the missing explosives. Reading the article in the paper desperately, Gromit looked up in alarm. Wallace was about to open the crackers! Instantly, his mind kicked into action! Searching through his sack labelled 'Spare Parts', Gromit threw out a motley collection of useful odds and ends. Spare socks, envelopes, Jeremy Kyle DVDs, holy grails and balls of wool joined the ever growing pile of junk until eventually, he triumphantly produced a hand saw, several planks of wood and some bolts. Within seconds of fast thinking and faster working, Gromit had produced a fully functional war catapult and had launched it with his own, hand made crackers which he set about firing to Wallace's aid. But it was too late! Wallace was already in the process of openning his box of crackers! Bravely, Gromit launched himself from the catapult and whizzed past the northern seamstress to grab the box and launch it into the 'explosives pit' he'd built after the bake-a-light girl had tried to blow Wallace to pieces. Shielding his face with his arms, Gromit felt triumphant the Wallace's life ahd yet again been saved. Sure enough, upon impact with the ground, the bow was torn apart by a bright orange flame which illuminated the street in its ethereal glow. All the way down the estate, similar furnaces were errupting. It was chaos! Wallace was in shock, so much so that he nearly dropped his plate of cheese. Mouth agape, he surveyed the damage done to the back garden. Whistling impressively, he turned to Gromit. \"Well lad,\" he said, sounding impressed, \"it's been a long time since I've seen fire crackers like that! Come on, we've got a delivery to make!\" Rolling his eyes at Wallace's tasteless humour, Gromit slapped a hand to his forehead. It was going to be a long day. xXx Puns and Needles! I am truly sorry about some of the attempted humour in this chapter. I recently re-watched 'A Close Shave' and have had an urge to write a Wallace and Gromit story ever since. So here's part one, tell me what you think! Thanks for reading, Niamh. ","Summary":" Wallace and Gromit Sewin' in the Wind! Stitch it Fine, Wallace and Gromit's highly popular new comp"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Aubergines","Author":"Flash Gator","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4748023","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Author: Flash Gator Show: Wallace and Gromit Pairing: One-Sided Wallace/Gromit Rating: T Warnings: Slash/Yaoi/Shounen ai/Boy love, implied themes of bestiality, I guess you could say (not that anything actually happens). If you dislike any of these themes I must ask you to take the 'back button express' away now. You have been warned. Flames used to roast marshmallows at the next 'Slash fan girls convention'. Well, I've been watching a lot of Wallace and Gromit recently, and the idea to write for the pairing popped up when I realised that, well, no one else had. And I just love to promote under loved slash couples. I was also looking for an excuse to post a one shot wherein I could try out this writing style that, admittedly, I have always utterly freaking adored in fics. It's so choppy and conflicting and wonderful, always such fun to read. It's a shame more people don't use the technique. Ah well. Not saying I'm amazing at it, or even the slightest lick good, that's for you to decide, but I hope anyone brave enough to move on enjoys the fic. 0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0 It was so wrong. So wrong. And it felt wrong. ( but also so right. It felt so, SO right). And he knew it was wrong. But he wouldn't ( couldn't) stop it. Should ( definitely) try to control himself. And he did ( to an extent). But some days ( most days) he couldn't ( wouldn't) help it. Couldn't help the small ( almost invisible, but there, still there, just the slightest hint of pink under fur) blush that arose on his cheeks, nor the times he stared too long. Just a little too long. But he panicked. What if they saw ( HE saw. What if HE saw) ? It was so socially unacceptable, so taboo ( so WRONG) . But what was he supposed to do? Then there were some mornings when he woke up and wondered if it had all been his imagination. If this stupid little infatuation ( obsession) had gone. But then he would be up and cooking or knitting ( sometimes he acted too much like a housewife, HIS housewife, for comfort) and he would pop down for breakfast ( usually toast with raspberry jam, porridge on Thursdays and every other Monday ) and he'd say something stupid or DO something stupid ( stupid, Stupid, so STUPID) and his little crush would be back and he'd be blushing or staring and have to excuse himself before his brain melted to mush. And he was so stupid all the time . How could someone so intelligent be so stupid? Like his birthday. With the collar and the lead and- \"There you are Gromit! You look like someone owns you now!\" And he was so ANGRY, ashamed ( embarrassed at the statement, the implication ) even, but he let it pass. And everything was fine ( no, NOT fine, far from it) , and he'd been keeping himself together and in check ( aching, screaming, falling apart at the seams) . And then their big job came along, to apprehend the were-rabbit they themselves had created. The townspeople were filled with petty worries for the safety of their aubergines, their chicories, their artichokes, and all the while he was worrying for him (fearing for HIM). What if they found out? He had been so scared when he discovered just who the rabbit actually was ( it wasn't him, wasn't HIS Wallace, and that thought terrified him) . And he had to think of a way to help him, a place to hide him until he returned to normal, lest the townsfolk kill him ( and that was the scariest thought) . Of course, he wasn't terrified the entire time. There were those moments when Wallace was with Lady Tottington ( \"Tottie\") or talking about Lady Tottington or admiring their framed picture of Lady bloody Tottington when, well. He couldn't help himself, really. And it was so petty. But he was, admittedly, jealous of the bushy haired woman. And so, when Wallace was thinking about her, he'd leave and check on Hutch. It was amazing how much he was becoming like Wallace ( still small and fluffy, made of disjointed phrases and memories that were slowly becoming coherent, intelligent sentences ), and he almost felt, well, guilty for spending time with him. But he needed the companionship ( no, he needed HIM, but he was so rarely there, always with Tottie, Tottie, Stupid Tottie) . And he needed the time away to cool off. Sometimes he wished ( wished so long and hard, pleaded) that he could instead be infatuated with Hutch. It was unorthodox, but far more acceptable, more sane . But he couldn't bring himself to like the cheese-obsessed, slipper wearing rodent. Not when he liked ( loved, adored ) him so much. And then, of course, came the vegetable competition. Really, it was his own stupid ( stupid STUPID ) fault for releasing the rope 20 feet from the ground, but he did and then he was falling ( say goodbye to all your regrets ), eyes clenched shut and preparing for impact. But instead he felt warm, fuzzy arms wrap around him (engulfing him. And at once he knew it was him, almost losing himself right there in the scent of him ) , and he landed with a soft thud on a large, quaggy chest. Then he was staring down at him, as his odd rabbity face collapsed in on itself and he returned to normal. But he couldn't see the rise and fall of his chest, nor feel his breath tickle his fur, and it took him a few moments to realise ( though somewhere he already knew, as the tears leaked freely and uninhibited down his cheeks) that he was dead. That he would never have to make him another cup of tea again, or knit him a sweater, or stop him doing something stupid ( so stupid. Oh, so fantastically stupid) . That he would never again be able to share in the anger, the joy, the sadness ( never be able to hold him, admire him, LOVE him, never have his hidden blushes and secret glances) . \"Lovely cheese Gromit!\" And he turned and there was Hutch with a plate of Stinking Bishop ( wonderful Hutch, brilliant Hutch) , and he grabbed a slice and waved it under Wallace's nose, allowing the stench to waft up his nostrils, praying (Dear God, PLEASE let this work, don't take him from me) that it would revive him. For a couple of seconds, it appeared even the stench of cheese wouldn't bring him back. But then- \"Cheese? Cheese!\" And he was up and smiling and breathing and oh-so alive , and he launched himself into his arms and embraced him tightly ( fur flush to naked skin, beige moulded to peach, but he was unable to concentrate on anything other than him being alive ) . Next he turned to Tottie, of course (so embarrassed about being naked before her when he didn't care at all when embracing HIM) , and he could feel nothing but relief for his being alive and smugness that he'd revived him, that he was the first Wallace noticed when he awoke. Not HER. Then it was over and they said their goodbyes and left for home and went to sleep (but he couldn't sleep, so happy and excited and HIGH that he was still alive , that they were still alive) . Wallace and Tottie saw each other for a while after the incident, but things weren't quite the same between them as before the Vegetable Competition fiasco, and they eventually moved on. Gromit was, shamefully, rather gleeful to see the last of her. And so time went on and they encountered other adventures. They still jumped from profession to profession and struggled to make ends meet. Wallace still chased after women ( never realising that someone had been chasing after him for years now) . But, as was the usual, none of them lasted long. After all they'd been through, Gromit still found he could relish in the fact that, no matter how much Wallace appeared to like these women ( isn't Amelia just amazing? Noreen has the most beautiful eyes, don't you think?) , they never lasted long. HE was the only constant in his life, and Wallace the only constant in his. They needed each other ( though he needed more than what they had, so much more ), and though he would always want more, this was enough for him for now. Forever. 0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0 Well, not at choppy as I'd intended, but still a hoot to write ^^. And before anyone asks, no, I most certainly do NOT support bestiality. Not in reality anyway. I have a slightly more loose opinion of it in fandoms. If the animal in question acts like a person, thinks like a person and it quite probably more intelligent than a great deal of the human characters in the show, then yes, if I can find someone to put them with, I'm generally all for it. At any rate, I hope you all enjoyed this drivel. Oh, and yes, quaggy is a real word. It's a very underused adjective meaning soft and wet (as in soil) or soft and flabby. 'Yielding easily to pressure or weight; not firm'. I love how it sounds, so I was pretty much just looking for an excuse to use it. Let me know what you think, feedback is always appreciated. Review, flame, concrit, I can take them all! And Merry belated Xmas! Flash ^___^ xxx ","Summary":" A/N: Author: Flash Gator Show: Wallace and Gromit Pairing: One-Sided Wallace/Gromit Rating: T Warni"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Dusk on West Wallaby","Author":"ConfuzzledAussie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5629937","Passage":"[Chapter 1] First off, a note from the author... So I saw A Matter of Loaf and Death on Christmas Eve, and all of a sudden I found myself interested in Wallace and Gromit again. I also found that I was infatuated with the pairing of Gromit and Fluffles... God help me. :P There is so much potential there for so many fics, it's scary. A pity really, that only one other author on here besides myself has written any GromitxFluffles stories at the time of writing... Anyways, I get home on the evening of the 25th. Christmas night, tired, full of nice food and drink from the day's festivities, but my mind was just as active as it always is. I got out my Fan Fiction journal, and began writing this story. It took me until 2am New Year's Day to finish writing it up... a total writing period of almost exactly five days, which is incidentally the shortest time I've ever taken to complete a story. Also of note is that this is only the second fanfic I have ever actually completed. Yay for me. (No kidding, nearly all of the other ones I have stashed away are nowhere near finished. :/) Moving on, I hope you enjoy my first real attempt at a sappy romance story. It's cheesy in places (no pun intended), and the whole thing's a little rushed to me, but it's the best I could do. Please, PLEASE read and review, and let me know what you think. Something terrible would probably happen if I didn't receive feedback. O_O -Cnfzld Dusk on West Wallaby Gromit watched as the sun began to dip below the horizon. Or rather, the skyline. West Wallaby Street didn't have much in the way of dramatic views, and the smog put a slightly dull air on things, but nonetheless it was always nice to watch a sunset on a summer day such as this one. He was sitting out on the grass in the front yard of number 62, where he and Wallace had spent the better part of their lives. The inventor had, in the past few months, given up on the bakery business they had been operating – in keeping with their past ventures. Wallace, being the indecisive man he was, simply said that he desired a \"new challenge\". Whatever he was hammering away at in the basement, this typical change of direction was good news for Gromit, as he was able to grab the very ripe chance of some free time. What little of that he had was usually spent combing through the pages of the various 'For Dogs' guides he had stacked up in his bookcase, or minding his master to make sure he didn't have an accident and deal himself a whack on the head. The dog felt it was high time that he kick back and watch a proper sunset for once, and give himself the time to think about a few things... mainly the most valuable, lasting thing to come out of their bakery experiment. Her. He tilted his head to one side and allowed his eyelids to droop as he filled his head with thoughts of his love. Fluffles was her name, but it didn't do her justice. Never had Gromit seen a more beautiful creature – she was always the one with the longest eyelashes, the softest fur... the wettest nose... Gromit lay down on his stomach and propped his head up on his forepaws, still watching the sunset. He thought about what drew them together – the Baker's Dozen serial killer incident. Piella Bakewell, the killer and Fluffles' former owner, had been cruel and tyrranical to the poodle, going as far as harming her when she foiled the plan to murder Wallace. But when the former Bake-O-Lite girl was killed by a crocodile, Fluffles was crushed. Despite her cruelty and sinister ambitions, Piella was still her master – the one who had brought her up, taken care of her, and provided her with food and water. It was Fluffles' understandable sorrow that really compelled Gromit to take her in. She needed comforting and reassurance, not to mention the love that Piella never gave. And with Wallace being his cheerful but clueless self, Gromit was realistically the only one who could give her these things. Though it was known from the start that they harboured a fancy for each other, as the weeks passed, the two had grown closer than they had ever thought they would. One thing led to another, and soon enough, the inevitable happened: they were smitten. The problem was, neither of them had found the capacity to show or share their romance. It was clear to both Gromit and Fluffles that there was something there, but they had yet to realise the feeling, admit it to each other. Back in the present, Gromit wondered whether the dream would ever materialise... physically embody itself, in all of its glory... A soft pitter-patter of paws interrupted his train of thought. Though he willed it not to, his canine instincts dictated that he raise an ear slightly to better hear the sound. He kept on looking straight ahead, the sunset now at the back of his mind. The pawsteps on the soft grass came to a stop to his left, and he sensed that the paws' owner had sat down. Gromit chanced a slight glance out of the corner of his eye. There she was, sitting next to him, staring out at the sunset with an empty, faraway look in her eyes. He raised his eyebrows. She seemed sad... maybe fretting over her loss again. Whatever it was, all he wanted to do was reach out, touch her, alleviate the negative feelings... but as usual, he couldn't pluck up the courage to. And it seemed that she couldn't do it either. Could she? No sooner had Fluffles begun turning her head in his direction did he snap back to looking straight ahead. Gromit didn't want her to know that he had been looking at her; yet, he could feel her eyes on him, trying to probe his expressions and his thoughts. Gromit blinked once and shifted his paws on the ground slightly. Though he would not have admitted it, even to himself, fear had taken a hold of him. Fear of what may transpire, fear of what he or she might do... Animals feared the unknown just as much as humans did. But all of that fear took a back seat when he heard a sound, halfway between a sigh and a whine. Almost immediately he turned his head in Fluffles' direction, to see her hanging her head, and staring at the ground with regretful, embarrased eyes. She was ashamed... Gromit didn't want her to feel that way. He sat up, and moved to her side. She noticed this gesture, briefly looking up at him before bashfully lowering her eyes again. Gromit attempted looking into them, an expression etched onto his face as if to say sorry . After a small pause, she glanced up at him again with a shy smile in her eyes. It's okay. She looked out at the sunset, then back at Gromit. They made eye contact, and while they could not put their thoughts into words, they didn't need the power to speak – for their expressions said everything. It's beautiful, isn't it? Gromit slowly nodded. Yes... Yes, it is. Fluffles slowly tilted her head to one side, and blinked. I love you. You know that, right? He nodded again. Yes... I've known that for a long time. Then, he tenderly placed his paw on hers. ...And you know that I love you, right? Flattered by his physical affection, she cast her eyes to the ground yet again, and gave a single, slow nod. Yes... Yes, I do. There was a momentary pause, before Gromit gave Fluffles' paw a soft squeeze. This brought her eyes back in line with his. They just stared into the opaque orbs that filled each other's eyes sockets, getting lost in their thoughts, hopes and dreams. Everything – the empty street, the garden, the buildings, even the sunset – melted into a single, blurred mass. There was nothing else – just the two dogs, alone with each other, looking into each other's eyes. It felt like an age and a half, yet didn't seem long enough, before Gromit found himself slowly moving closer to Fluffles, inch by inch, and she found herself doing the same. As their faces neared each other, they closed their eyes, anticipating the moment they had been waiting so long for Their snouts were mere millimetres away from touching. Finally, the dream they had preserved in their minds was coming true... \"...Er, Gromit?\" Both dogs' eyes snapped open at the far-off call. Gromit, surprised and annoyed, shot a sideways glance at the house. It had come from inside... \"Could you get me a spanner, lad?\" He scowled. Wallace. He turned back to Fluffles to find her in the same dejected mood as before: head bowed, shoulders slumped, eyes close to tears. She gave a quiet whimper, and nodded towards the house. You'd better go... Reluctantly at first, Gromit left her side, and started back towards the house with anger smouldering within him. Wordlessly, he carried out the deed requested of him by his owner, taking a spanner from the toolbox, handing Wallace the spanner and storming out of the basement in a huff. Wallace merely raised an eyebrow at Gromit's frosty behaviour, before shrugging and returning to his project, thinking nothing more of it. As the dog walked through the house, he was silently fuming. He had missed so many opportunities because of that bumbling man. Yes, Wallace seemed to have little to no luck himself, but did that mean that he could go ahead and mess it all up for Gromit, who had to get him out of sticky situations more often than not? The master gets his hide saved by his dog, and helped through the bad patches, too many times to count, and in return ruins possibly the only chance the canine would get at a romantic moment. How very nice. By this time, Gromit had reached the front hallway. He continued firing off ramblings of frustration in his mind. Wallace was never one for the ladies. Every one of his romances had ended in tears – Wendolene Ramsbottom was allergic to cheese; Lady Tottington simply drifted away; and the relationship with Piella Bakewell ended badly, for obvious reasons. Gromit wondered whether this was a factor in the awkward situation he was in now. Wallace never knew true love... so how could he know anything about it? Its codes, the customs one needed to follow? He was too engrossed in his life as an inventor, or entrepreneur, to worry about romantic issues like Gromit was now. He didn't know when to respect love's prescence and boundaries, so obsessed was he with his own matters... Gromit opened the front door and stopped. The feelings of aminosity melted away as he saw the most wonderful sight of his life. The sunset had overcome the smog blanketing it, and had entered its most glorious stage, the final gasp before it finally sank to give way to night. The entire garden, and their part of the street, was bathed in this amazingly bright, rich light, the shine reflecting off the blades of grass, the plant's, even the gnomes – and the sun's final beams exploded out over the rooftops, giving the sky an eerie glow. And framed, bang in the middle of it all, was Fluffles. Gromit stood there, frozen by the scene. Though he was colour-blind, the picture that had been painted for him lost none of its impact. It was beautiful – she was beautiful. From the very top of the bun of hair on her head down to the tip of her tail, she seemed carved by heavenly beings. Yet she was sad again... crying. Crying for a chance lost. Gromit allowed his paw to slide off the doorknob, his arm hanging limply by his side. What all of this could mean had finally hit him. Was this to be a case of 'like owner, like dog'? Was Gromit like Wallace in that, having his life commandeered by mechanics and inventing, he was fated to have no real romantic future? Was it all pointless? Would he have to let go... leave the one he cared about so much? Gromit shook himself out of his stupor, and made his conclusion. No. He would not let himself be that way. Fluffles would be destroyed inside... and they shared too much for their love to collapse. His care and support for her insecurity, and her affection and returned love for his full, rigid, stressed mind. They were like two pieces of a jigsaw puzzle in a way; each had empty spaces that the other filled, and together they created a beautiful image. They completed each other... Suddenly, with finality and determination, Gromit started running. Dashing on all fours down the path, through the garden, across the lawn... towards Fluffles. As he neared her, she sensed his approach. She looked over at him, surprised yet joyous, the last of her tears soaking into her fur, never to be seen again. The moment was near-perfect. Gromit skidded to a stop, right next to Fluffles, and stared into her eyes as she stared into his. Then, throwing everything else to the wind, they seized the instance in time, pressing their noses together gently and lovingly. Their vision has been realised. As they breathed deeply, filling their nostrils with each others' scents, Gromit made himself take an oath: one that he would follow diligently for the rest of his days. He would care for Fluffles. He would let her know that he loved her, day after day, year after year. He would chase after her, he would keep on giving, and he would show her that he meant Forever. Wallace, more than likely, was doomed to be alone. But come hell or high water, Gromit vowed, he would not let the same thing happen to himself. -THE END- [confuzzledAussie] – December 2009/January 2010 ","Summary":" First off, a note from the author... So I saw A Matter of Loaf and Death on Christmas Eve, and all "},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"A New Adventure","Author":"CheerUpSleepyJean","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11406522","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Because this fic is Wallace telling a story, the dialogue is in italics, and the narrative includes some of his strange lingo. Disclaimer: Aardman Studios owns Wallace and Gromit. Chapter 1 I've made mistakes. I don't like being negative—\"keep your chin up,\" that's what me Mum always says—but there's no use prevaricating about the bush. I've had some barmy plans, some bugger ideas, some dotty inventions. Even my best projects often have unexpected—and unpleasant—side effects. I'll give you that. Well now, it's a bit harsh to call me completely gormless. After all, the scientific process always involves a little trial and error. Still, I'm not afraid to admit it, so I'll say it again: I've made mistakes. But I'm not here to talk about that. This is the one time I truly got something right. It was a normal, drizzly day, and I was just driving home from me latest job. Wallace's Click-Clack Sewing Service, I used to call it. Tailoring brought in a pretty steady pay, but it was a mite bit dull, to be honest. Me options were limited back then—it's hard to run a solo operation—but I always managed to think o' something. Just like little buzzing bees, new schemes were already running through me head at that point. I guess that there were too many ideas in that noggin o' mine that day—me eyes weren't on the road. All of a sudden, I felt an awful \"thunk\" resonating through the car. I slammed on the brakes as quickly as I could and hopped out, breathing hard. Oh, cheese and crackers! Lying on the pavement in a pool of its own blood was a beige-furred puppy. Finally coming to me senses, me head snapped left and right. No one appeared to be calling after the pooch. I managed to study it more carefully—not an easy task to do without retching—and discerned that it wasn't wearing any sort of collar or identification. It opened its eyes as I stared, me stomach twisting into a knot. Well...I guess you'll just have to come with me, little one. Gingerly, I scooped up the pup, laid it in the shotgun seat of the car, made a questionable turn, and sped off to the nearest veterinary clinic.  Mr. Wallace? I remember feeling reeling and knackered, but I turned to face Ms. Canis, the veterinarian to hear the bad news. We've done all we can, but I'm afraid that your dog is in a bad way. Several of his joints have been dislocated, and there's damage to the brain. She bowed her head in sympathy. I'm afraid that your best choice now would be to put him down. I can tell you that, for sure, there was a lump in my throat by that point. The thought o' that poor puppy fading so young, of those innocent navy blue eyes closing forever because of me...the guilt was unbearable. No! Mr. Wallace? Er...I mean...if it's alright by you, I'd like to take the pooch home and let my...me brother do the deed. He's an animal doctor as well, and doing it this way give us all a chance to say our goodbyes, so... I'll bet me ears were bright red by then—I've never been a good liar. I don't normally do this, but I'll allow it. Ms. Canis put a hand on my shoulder at that point, bless her heart. I saw your face in the waiting room. You must have been close to the poor dear. You know, Mr. Wallace, my Mum's cat had kittens when I was young. I began to love the runt of the litter, but she died within a few days. I know how hard it is to part with a treasured companion, especially after such a short time. The veterinarian unlocked the door to the examination room and handed me the pup, curled in a bundle of blankets. Take him home. Tell him you love him before you have to say goodbye. I can't remember if I thanked her—I was too flustered at that point—but I do know what I said over my shoulder. Don't think of it as an end, but as the beginning of a new adventure.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 When I put that fragile puppy down on me workable, me confidence was wavering. I had no medical experience whatsoever—still don't! Bollocks, I didn't even have much experience with cybernetics at that point—engineering's always been more me cup o' tea. But I had to give it a try. Gently rubbing his head, I anesthetized the pooch. Something hurt inside me when I saw his eyes close—I remember having to reassure meself that he was just asleep before I had then strength to continue. I won't go into detail about the procedure itself; let's just say that it was one of the hardest things I've ever had to do. Anyway, by the end of it, I had replaced the damaged joints on all four legs and fixed the two front paws. I wound up making them paws prehensile simply because it helped me pretend that they were just another invention, like the hands of the Stich-o-matic. I don't think it's done any harm. The trickiest part was the brain. I consulted an old medical textbook me mum had left here ages ago, and replaced the damaged areas with synthetic neurons before carefully bolting the skull back together. I still worry sometimes, but hopefully using a human model of the brain didn't hurt anything.  After the procedure, I decided to tinker with me bed to calm me nerves. That was back when I had first gotten the house, and I was still modernizing it. I was working on the contraption I use to save time on me morning routine. The bed was being a mite bit tricky—I couldn't get the tension of the pulley correct, making the movement of the bed frame on the hinge too fast and jerky. Maybe if I put another weight at the end of the bed, it would add enough gravitational torque to reduce the positive angular momentum... Back then, I was in the habit of blabbering to myself when I was inventing. To be honest, I had always wished to talk to someone about my inventions other than myself. Not someone who would discourage me or correct me; just...some kind of company. Anyhoo, I was just finishing oiling the hinge when it happened: the pulley snapped. I froze as the bed came crashing down, but at the last second, I felt my arms being pulled out from under the falling object. After the resounding noise had faded, I turned to see a tiny paw on each of my elbows, and a pair of navy blue eyes staring up at me. For a moment, me blabbering mouth could form no words. Eventually, I found my voice. Lad...I owe you my life. Removing his paws from me arms, he tilted his head and nodded. And I saved yours. It seemed that, in my efforts to save the pooch's brain, I managed to increase his intelligence. Me heart swelled with pride. Not only had I helped him, it looked like I had also given the lad better motor skills, the ability to understand human language, and logic. Images of patent applications drifted into me skull, but I immediately derailed that train of thought. Obtaining recognition for me achievement would likely require cutting that fragile little head open once more, and who knows what would happen to the pup? No, me attachment to him alone was what had inspired the invention, and having him alive would be payment enough. With me usual wide grin back on me face, I threw an arm around his...shoulders...back...scapula? Well lad, I suppose we're square with one another. My inventions saved you, you saved me from my invention... He rolled his eyes; I cleared my throat and moved on. Anyway, it seems like you've got a good dose of common sense—me mum always said I could use some. Do you think, er, that you'd like to stay? With me? The pup's big eyes widened. Then, he gave a—dare I say excited?—little nod. Cracking! We'll make a good team, you and me. Let's see...if you're going to be me partner, you'll need a name. Gently, I scooped him up. The pooch snuggled in me arms, we headed for the kitchen for cheese and crackers. I'll call you Gromit. ","Summary":" A/N: Because this fic is Wallace telling a story, the dialogue is in italics, and the narrative inc"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Wallace and Gromit: THE BIRD ATTACK","Author":"Ponella","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4447682","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Written by RosienCollison. Wallacenand Gromit: THEnBIRD ATTACK! \"CHEESE!\" saidnWallace, opening his Birthday Present; Inside the Wrapping Paper wasna Model of Wallace eating cheese. Wallace took the Model of Himselfnand placed it on the Mantel Piece, while Gromit gave him his SecondnPresent. \"Oh, a lovely New Jumper!\" said Wallace happily.nHe held up the Jumper and tried it on over his shirt. \" Always a Perfect Fit! Smashing, Gromit!\" said Wallace. Wallace pattednGromits' Head then walked into the Kitchen; Gromit followed him,nbringing the Cheese Statue. \"Need to keep it refrigerated\"nsaid Wallace, putting it in the fridge. Then he took out anothernpiece of cheese; He also got some crackers from the cupboard. \"Alwaysnhave to have crackers on a Birthday\" he said. as he was eatingnhe said \"' The Cheese House ' is always open, how about wengot out for lunch?\". Gromit nodded and followed Wallace out ofnthe Door. \"Ow - Hey - Stop that, you stupid birds!\" saidnWallace, fighting off a Gang of Twittering Birds; then the Birdsnstarted Attacking Gromit. \"Shoo - Get off 'im - STOP!\" saidnWallace. \"Baah\"; Shaun was trotting down the Door Step.n\"Baah Baaah Bah-Bah Baah\" said Shaun, as if to say \"ItsnBirds versus Sheep\". \"Shaun, how'd you get out?\" saidnWallace, looking beyond confused. Suddenly, Shaun pulled a Blackboardnout of thin air! He wrote on it: \" Easy! After youngave up that Anti Pesto Thing I've been able to get out! \". Then Shaun kicked one ofnthe Birds into the Air! \"Baah BAAAAAAAH!\" he said. Then Onenof the Birds started tugging at the Yarn of Wallace's' New Jumper;nAll his Bird Friends came over to help, lifting Wallace higher andnhigher. \"Oh no - Gromit, HELP!! \" he shouted. Gromitnshot into the air and jumped on all the Birds - SPLAT! Then Wallacenlanded on the Ground with an \"Ow!\". \"Thanks, Gromit\"nhe said. \"Baah Bah-Bah Baah ?\" said Shaun, as if tonsay \"What about me ?\". \"You too, Shaun\"nsaid Wallace. THEnEND![Chapter 2] A/N: I just found the original of this story (or rather my mum did), and apparently it was written on the 4th of July 2007, in school with a teaching assistant. I can't remember which TA it was because there were lots back then, but her name was Miss Hunt. Anyway, there's a learning objective there at the top of the crumpled first page, it reads as follows: L.O to produce a story with Miss Hunt writing a few lines each in turn. I can't believe how rubbish my handwriting was back then! Oh, and the fact that I was allowed to write about Wallace and Gromit is in itself no small feat. And I was in year 6! Not long before the time my mum finally took me out of that horrible school, actually. So, I've decided to type up the original version (minus the typos), with my parts underlined: Wallace and Gromit: The Bird Attack – Type-up of original \"CHEESE!\" said Wallace, opening his birthday present. Inside the wrapping paper was a block of cheese carved into a model of Wallace eating cheese. Wallace took the model of himself and put it on the mantel piece. Gromit gave Wallace his second present. \"Ooh, a lovely new jumper!\" said Wallace. He held the jumper up and tried it on over his shirt, \"Always a perfect fit! Good work, Gromit!\" said Wallace. Wallace patted Gromit's head then walked into the kitchen, Gromit brought in the cheese statue, \"Need to keep it refrigerated!\" said Wallace. He put it in the fridge, and then took out another piece of cheese, he also got some crackers from the cupboard. \"Always have to have crackers on a birthday.\" he said. He at the table and cut the cheese, placing it on top of the crackers, Wallace took a bite. (the rest of this is from my own mind, so not underlined... it would be stupid to have the whole thing underlined when there's no need for underlining.) \"The Cheese House is always open, how about we go out for lunch?\" said Wallace. Gromit nodded and followed Wallace out of the door. \"OW – HEY – STOP THAT, you stupid birds!\" said Wallace, fighting off a gang of twittering birds. Then the birds started attacking Gromit, \"Shoo – get off 'im – STOP!\" said Wallace. \"Baah!\"; Shaun was trotting down the doorstep. \"Baah baaah baah-baah baah,\" said Shaun, as if to say \"It's birds versus sheep.\" \"Shaun, how'd you get out?\" said Wallace. \"Bah-bah.\" said Shaun, as if to say \"Easy.\" Then Shaun kicked one of the birds, \"Baah BAAAAAAH!\" he said. Then one of the birds started pulling the yarn of Wallace's jumper, \"Hey – get off – help!\" he said, as the birds hoisted him into the air, \"Oh no – Gromit, HELP!\" he said. Gromit shot into the air and jumped on all the birds – SPLAT! Then Wallace landed on the ground with an \"Ow!\" \"Thanks, Gromit,\" he said. \"Baah bah-bah baah?\" said Shaun. \"You too, Shaun.\" said Wallace. A/N: Why is it that there are so many things I now find wrong with this, but the most prominent in my mind is that I now find it hard to believe 'jumping on all the birds' was the best thing Gromit could come up with at the time. Shaun karate-kicking one of them I can totally believe (for some reason), but Gromit jumping on them all? I think I was either 10 or 11 when this was written, and of course I'm now hankering to rewrite it so that's what I'm going to do. This is also on , but that was from when I typed it up a while back, so there's some new plot twists and still some typos in that old write-up. This is completely a type-up of the original version that was written on lined paper, minus the typos of course as I cannot abide them in my works. So, rewrite… there was not enough of Wallace and Gromit's mannerisms in the original, I believe. Wallace and Gromit: The Bird Attack – [more-or-less] Complete Rewrite \"Cheese!\" Wallace exclaimed, having unwrapped his first birthday present eagerly. Inside the mess of wrapping paper was a cheesy [literally] little statue of himself eating cheese and crackers. He took the statue and placed it atop the mantel piece. Gromit handed Wallace his second present – which was unwrapped just as eagerly. \"Ooh, a lovely new jumper!\" it was blue, with red patterns that were rather similar [in colour] to his red bowtie. He put it on over his shirt [having worn no jumper that day], \"Always a perfect fit! Thanks, lad.\" he said, patting his canine companion on the head. Gromit, having no ability of speech, just rolled his eyes at his oblivious master. Wallace grabbed the cheese statue from the mantel piece, and took it into the kitchen to refrigerate it. Once that was done, he went back into the lounge, picked up the birthday crock of Wensleydale and took that into the kitchen on his way back. He set the Wensleydale on the kitchen table, and got some crackers out of a cupboard. Preparing his favourite snack of cheese and crackers, he tucked in. \"The Gorgonzola Museum is open on Mondays, how 'bout we go over there and then have lunch out?\" Gromit was reading Electronics for Dogs and not really listening to Wallace. The pair got ready for their outing. A sudden yelp from outside alerted Gromit of odd happenings, and as he walked out the door on all fours he was met with a frankly ridiculous sight; Wallace being attacked by a gaggle of birds. Among the lot were kingfishers and (for some reason) ducks and chickens. As well as a few geese, god help him… \"Gromit, help get these ruddy things away!\" Gromit facepalmed. If he'd had a mouth he'd tell Wallace just how ridiculous this was, but as it was he didn't so he just rolled his eyes again. Gromit decided to help, but his plans backfired when the birds left Wallace altogether and went instead to attack him . Arms flailing, his logical mind shut down and he knew of nothing else to do than fight back with numbed limbs. \"'ere, ger'off 'im!\" Wallace yelled, but Gromit could barely make him out from within the birds' twisted encasement. He felt a break in their ranks, but it was short-lived. Had Wallace or someone managed to create a gap? He found it hard to believe, these birds seemed to be growing in numbers and their feathery shield from the outside world was impenetrable. Another gap. What was happening? Was someone grabbing random birds in the hopes of reducing their numbers? Fat chance, anyone could see it was an impossible thing. The pecking and snipping and loss of air was tough, and he realized he must be bleeding in allot of places. As the black and dark of unconsciousness consumed him, his last thought was that they should have stayed in. Should've stayed in… Wallace, meanwhile, was having a real dilemma. Go for help or take matters into his own hands? He couldn't really decide between the two. If he went for the former, Gromit got hurt more while he searched; if he went for the latter, the birds would hurt him more or even gang up on him again. He was surprised to find Shaun standing on the doorstep. He rubbed his eyes in disbelief. Shaun in itself was not an odd occurrence, but he was a sheep and he was standing . Shaun leapt from the doorstep, and with a practised hoof he kicked a gap in the bird-cover – but it was not enough, the birds regrouped and stayed where they were in utter defiance. Shaun decided, on a whim, to kick in another gap and see what happened. He rolled his eyes when it again failed, but baah'd in shock when the great bird-tower swayed like it was ill or passing out– wait, it was Gromit doing the swaying! As the bird-tower toppled over, some of the stronger birds tried in vain to keep their prey upright. He finally collapsed, and the birds decided an unconscious victim was no good a victim at all, flying away like nothing had happened. \"Gromit, lad!\" Wallace exclaimed, sensing it was safe to approach. He took the pup into his arms, not a vet but the closest thing to a vet in the vicinity. \"Oh, Gromit…\" A/N: Not so silly this time, but very heavy on the horror. I've been told I'm very good at angst, I'm honestly wondering if I'm any good at horror. Did Gromit survive? I have no idea, but I'm actually hoping he didn't. I write too many happy endings! So, he died. But don't worry, he went to doggy heaven… Right now he's playing poker with K-9 Mark II and the 101 dalmatians. And he's got the winning hand, because K-9 has nothing to hold his cards up with and the dalmatians are minors. Gorgonzola Museum… I'm not a big fan of cheese unless it's on a pizza, but I'd love to go there if it ever existed. Or perhaps the Lego Museum in Manchester, which DOES exist, and I'm going up the Manchester to visit my brother Dan and his missus in the Easter hols. EDIT 05/04/11 – Now in Manchester with Dan. Going to be using Wii Fit for the first time tomorrow, and he has a lightsaber! So fun :D AND its the Easter Holidays now for me so I finally have time to post this up. All typed up on the 29th of March, besides this edit which has been done on the 5th of April. Going to put this up now… Please R&R;, I'd love to hear your views on the new version. ","Summary":" Written by RosienCollison. Wallacenand Gromit: THEnBIRD ATTACK! \"CHEESE!\" saidnWallace, opening h"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"The cheese gun","Author":"turtlepal12345","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4356080","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HA HA HA I HAVE FINISHED IT HA HA HA I HAVEnFINISHED IT! MY CHEESE GUN! Said Who knows who KNOCK, KNOCK, KNOCK Did someone say CHEESE? I LOVE CHEESE! Said Wallace, at the door AH! (BLEAM) ha ha hanyou are now yellow cheese! SSSHHHH! Said Gromet! WOW!! YOU CAN TALK?? Yes, cheese can talk toneach other now be quiet! OK I will. said Wallace (walk ,walk, walknSLAM!) Ok, He is gone. SaidnGromit Do you feel something?nSaid Wallace. YES! IT MUST BE THEnCHEESE MEETING LETS GO! And stop eating your self. Said Gromit Hi, I'mnturtlepal! Thisnhas NOTHING to with the story of Wallace and Gromit! PLEESE review mynstory so far and if you would like a change contact me! InDO NOT OWN Wallace and Gromit OR THE CHARACTERS OF Wallace and gromitnAND I AGREE THAT THEY SHOULD BE USED NOT FOR PERSONAL USES.[Chapter 2] WOW WOW! LOOK AT ALL THEnCHEESE! HOW HE HECA WOWWOW! ThenMeeting has started NOW WITH THAT CHEESEnGUN IT HAS Put AN UP-RATE IN CHEESE! SO WE MUST DESTROY IT TO BEnSAFE! said master cheese RIOT, RIOT, RIOT saidnall the cheese. SO A ROIT IT IS! LETSnGET HIM! I am sorry that thisnchapter is really small but I want to save the next part for the nextnchapter. THANX InDO NOT OWN Wallace and Gromit OR THE CHARACTERS OF Wallace and gromitnAND I AGREE THAT THEY SHOULD BE USED NOT FOR PERSONAL USES.[Chapter 3] So the cheese searched the city for ten days and on the tenth day a white American cheese patrol saw him at the gate So the cheese searchednthe city for ten days and on the tenth day a white American cheesenpatrol saw him at the gate. GET HIM!! And the cheesenattacked, AHHH! Most of the cheese diednfrom the deadly fire. I HAVE IT! And the cheese got thengun and threw it in the fire HOORAY!! And they went all wentnback to the cheese colony and lived happily ever after. But for Wallace andnGromet, They where founded onnthe ground by a little boy and got eaten. So in the end this wasnjust a stupied story Wallace wrote and I just put it up. THE END InDO NOT OWN Wallace and Gromit OR THE CHARACTERS OF Wallace and gromitnAND I AGREE THAT THEY SHOULD BE USED NOT FOR PERSONAL USES. ","Summary":" HA HA HA I HAVE FINISHED IT HA HA HA I HAVEnFINISHED IT! MY CHEESE GUN! Said Who knows who KNOCK, K"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"The Evening's Glow","Author":"Trickster Rabbit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7073946","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Evening's Glow A car horn shrieked as it driver avoided a darting cat, reverberating off the walls of buildings of the small town that once stood silently in the damp night. Tires skidded away from the scene and over a bridge that arched over a fast brook. They had hoped to rid themselves of their little nuisance in the river, but they did not foresee the branch that jutted from part of the bank where their discarded sack now hung.[Chapter 2] The night had been peaceful at first, peaceful enough for him and Fluffles to decide on strolling down to the park to enjoy each other's company and not to mention the meteor shower that was forecasted for that night. The park would be perfect for viewing because the lights from the residential parts of town did not shine too brightly there and blur the sky. Wallace had been too busy setting up their new business opportunity to come with them to enjoy the scene but still managed to see them off with a few treats for the road. Hopefully an ice cream creamy did not come with the same dangers as a bakery. Unbeknown to the two distracted pooches, as they walked, softly whispering to the other, clouds began to dot the night sky and obscure the early birds that couldn't wait to streak across the heavens. Eventually the clouds that blanketed the sky had merged, turning down more and more rain as they bellowed up. As the rain pounding harder, the couple had become trapped under the awning of Mr. Blutskett's store just a little over halfway to the park. Puddles formed around the door ledge were they stood. The pouring rain was beginning to swell the stream by the road. A nearby hatter down to the right a little, Mrs. Grose's shop's own awning was tearing under the growing weight of the pooling rainwater and spilling water on to the shop's doorstep. Their trip seemed to have been in vain and would have to return home. The autumn rain was chilling them to the bone. They decided to return home then even though it was still raining; it was not that far and they could easily warm themselves in their cozy, little household with Wallace waiting with tea and more biscuits. More and more rain fell as time passed, harder and harder, quicken their pace. Gromit was about to turn the corner onto a side street when he realized Fluffles's absence. Turning around, he couldn't find her anywhere on the road. He started to sprint back towards the shops, his paws splashing through puddles, when he heard her bark for him. Instead of straight forward and down the street, now he raced to the embankment to his left. Nearing the sound, he found Fluffles stumbling down the slippery edge of the creek. He signaled her to come back up and that it was too dangerous, but she no longer paid attention as she neared the now rushing water and its raising waterline. He tried again and again to get her attention till he was distracted by what she was reaching for and finally realized what exactly her target was. A sack, wobbling on a dead branch, soon to be gobbled up by the raising water line. Why, the thought spurred automatically as he watched her inch towards it, it's just some bag. Probably someone littering like always. That's when he noticed it wasn't wiggling from the current. (Oh, no.)[Chapter 3] Don't own Wallace and Gromit, etc. (I'm not familiar with the British accent enough to be able to write using it so this will be a bit out of character.) He had to admit, it was a cute little thing curled up like that in her arms. Its ears flopped down slightly; little spots speckled the pup grey and white. Even wet, you could tell there was enough fur on the kid to make him a fluff ball when dry. To think, someone had done something like this to a pup. It was pretty much unheard nowadays to hear of this happening - newborns being thrown away like trash into rivers and lakes. It just didn't seem to happen but here was this puppy shivering in the damp air under an awning in the middle of the night, trying to fall asleep in Fluffles's cradled arms. Maybe it was accident. Maybe they didn't know it was in the bag and it fell off a truck or something. Perhaps the kid had gotten lost and, under strange circumstances, had gotten trapped in its previous situation. Maybe, . . . Maybe. (I say we take it home; for now, at least.) Fluffles signaled, (there's no sense to leave him here.) Gromit nodded, the kid would just have to stay with them for now, and so they started off to home with package so dear. (The system won't transcribe my breaklines so I'm adding one) It was morning in West Wallaby Street as the sun finally peeked above the rooftops. He and Fluffles had hidden the puppy in a makeshift bed, all warm and snugged with food in his belly, in Fluffles's room in the closet till they could figure out how to tell Wallace exactly how they happened upon the baby without a misunderstanding. (You've taken quite a liking to the kid.) (Sure, like you haven't thought he was cute.) Fluffles scoffed back, smirking. (Fine. Anyways, I going to go pick up those things the books said he'll need. See you soon.) (Breakline….) Gromit was walked towards Mr. Grett's store, ironically following the same path as the river they had found the kid by. It would probably be no use to look for traces of who had possibly done it. The river, even here in the elevated length, was swelled to the point of the water level lapping at the top of its banks. The heavy rain most likely washed away any usable footprints or tread marks. The street had been deserted at the time, but what if the kid had been dropped earlier in the day? Surely someone would have heard the kid yelping if they had walked by. The bag was well hidden from view by the bridge and even by the banks of the river. Whoever had done it most likely had deposited the kid there sometime before they had arrived but after most had retired to their homes, which here was about eight at night, to lower the chances of the pup being found. But would they be that stringent in making sure the kid wasn't found? Who would have even done this? He didn't know anyone nearby expecting pups but he didn't know everyone in his neighborhood; he could easily miss someone. Should he even ask around about the pup? He stalled as he thought for a moment. No, there shouldn't be that much of a problem, the kid had been abandoned. Whoever did it probably wouldn't care if the kid was found and wouldn't return to finish whatever intentions they had for him if they ever caught word of him. They probably would try to avoid him as best they could in order to not be connected with the crime, or simply, they just couldn't care less whether the child still hung to a branch or not. Could the kid's family have done this? Had he been kidnapped? Was there someone searching for the kid? Gromit's musing continued as he walked down the river's length to the store. ","Summary":" The Evening's Glow A car horn shrieked as it driver avoided a darting cat, reverberating off the wa"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"The Night of the Stripping Pirate","Author":"Faintly Falling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8538757","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This has been done for at least a month now, but I was holding it back in hopes of conducting some revisions that just didn't pan out. That, and I liked the idea of posting it on International Pirate Day. Derpy fluff with a little bit of icky. The nightlife industry isn't nearly as exciting as you'd think. You tell people that you work in a strip club and you instantly become some kind of sex goddess, or else some kind of demon of debauchery. You get a lot of condescension, and a lot of bullshit, but you'll have a hard time convincing them of the fact that above anything else, it's just a job. It's got a routine, like anything else. It can get weird sometimes, but so can any other job. Sometimes people forget where the boundaries are, but it's not too hard to remind them. Besides that, most people get too goofy to react too much beyond the prescribed hollering. Some can't do more than stare. It's not the worst job I've had. It's pretty decent actually-you can get used to the flow. Sometimes it's even fun...the music, the attention. I guess I wouldn't keep coming back if it wasn't. I'm not gonna say that what we do is some kind of freeing dance of the forbidden, or any artistic thing. It's a game, plain and simple. Well, that's not true. It's a game and a business. Not to be cold, though I guess I sound it. I mean, these are people we're dealing with and it's not like they're all the same. You just learn what works and what doesn't, based on who you're dealing with. It's not like I hate them or anything. We've had some good customers and some bad ones, and I have to say that I've liked some from each category. I can appreciate some well-placed disruption. There's one night that stands out to me now...It's cute, if nothing else. Maybe just because it was an otherwise uneventful night, maybe some other cause on my part, but the heat and the darkness and the flashing lights were making me irritable. We were between crowds at the moment; the early comers 'just curious' groups of loud obnoxious friends and the late-night weirdoes had left between them a window of stragglers, lonely guys, and just plain lost. We didn't pay too much attention to the house between crowds; most of the guys (sometimes girls) would lurk in the back and leave, wouldn't stay too long. The guys planted in the front towards the side however, seemed to be an exception-they'd been here longer than I'd noticed and it didn't look like they were going anywhere. Shana had noticed them too. She nudged me with her still-clammy shoulder and pointed me in their direction. \"Do you want Mr. Bad Attitude or Mr. Looks-Like-He's-About-to-Shit-Himself?\" I looked over at them. The one on the right with the mussed blond hair and pointed face was fighting irritation as he was talking to the one on the left in a low voice, dark, overgrown hair that shadowed his fearful face and pale skin that practically glowed in the dark. Not lovers who liked to watch, or else this would be one shit-ass date. \"Gimme the scared one,\" I sauntered over, conscious of the stage that had become slippery with drinks and...other things over the course of the night. \"What seems to be the problem, big boy?\" \"The problem,\" Blondie answered for him, speech slurred, \"is that his wedding's tomorrow and dumbass herelet himself get drunk enough to forget and then promptly remember that he's afraid of anything with boobs while it's still warm.\" A two-man bachelor party? That's a new one. \"I can't even deal with strange girls in their bras,\" dark hair looked up at me, \"no offense. How'm I gonna deal with a woman ?\" \"Well, I'm guessing you've seen her in her bra. 'Less she's some freak who likes to do it with her clothes on.\" Blondie drawled, \"Hey! Ow! That hurt,\" he was whining not a moment later. Dark hair had elbowed him in the ribs. Hard, from the sound of it. \"You're not funny. 'M a fuckup,\" he pouted. A grown man just shouldn't be able to pout like that. He looked at me as if he were seeing me for the first time. \"Sebs, they're girls . And they look like girls . I can't do this.\" \"So? Your fiancée's a girl and she looks like a girl . It wasn't a problem before now.\" The dark-haired one slammed his head on the table suddenly. \"You just don't get it,\" was the muffled groan. \"Is he...alright?\" He must be stupid-drunk. \"Oh, he's fine. He's got a hard head. A very hard head. \" Blondie patted him softly on the thick mop covering his dome. \"Don't pet me, Sebs.\" he muttered \"I'm not for petting.\" \"Maybe you'd be a little less anxious if you were,\" Shana teased, having come up behind me. \"Mr. Mopey here is having the pre-wedding jitters.\" I smiled. \"Well, we can't have that, can we? Cold feet?\" \"She's the one who should be gettin' cold feet...What does she wanna stay with me for?\" \"Because if she didn't by now, she'd be pretty much fucked,\" came the reply from the peanut gallery. \"Shut up. No one asked you.\" \"Cleary,\" he sighed, \"otherwise I wouldn't have been sitting here for the last half hour or more trying to tell you that you're worried about nothing . You've got a great girl and and a great kid and they love you like there's no tomorrow and they always will. Wait, he knocked her up? That's one way of doing things, I guess. \"How? How do you know?\" \"Because I have eyes, dummy,\" he replied, rolling them. The reluctant groom lifted his head up and looked at me with the most pitiful sad-puppy face that I had ever seen. \"Help me.\" Shana smiled at me as she looked down at him and nodded towards the stage. I understood-we'd pull him up here, mess with him some, and get a few laughs out of him. He'd calm down a bit; maybe realize there are worse things in the world than a little bit of pressure. Now, most people are sink-or-swim when it comes to being embarrassed, tending towards performing under pressure rather than folding. They'd rather overreact than underreact. Most people are natural hams. This guy, however, took the cake. By the end of the night, we'd created a monster. But I'll get to that later. This wasn't his usual thing, a place like ours, or even something that he'd done before. He shouldn't be too hard to crack. I reached over and ruffled his hair, like I'd seen his friend do. He recoiled. \"Aww, come on. You're not afraid of little ol' us are you?\" \"No! I mean, yes. But only kind of...\" His friend snickered. Even Shana was trying to keep her composure. He drew his head down in embarrassment. \"What makes us so scary?\" \"Boobs,\" he answered almost instantly, his face suddenly rapt with attention. \"You don't like boobs?\" I asked, shooting Shana a look. \"No, no, I do,\" he pondered a moment, \"maybe too much.\" I pulled the silk scarf out from between my breasts, making note of how he followed it with his eyes. Shana had made fun of me for using such an old-school prop. Did I think I was Mae West or something? Props are lame and boas are for Vegas...Some guys really go for it, though, a fact that she still refuses to acknowledge. I looped it around his neck and worked it back and forth, slowly, totally able to see how his face reddened despite the dark. Shana had gotten a hold of herself and began to coax him. \"Nothing wrong with liking boobs. You wouldn't be here if you didn't,\" he shot a dirty look to his friend, who quickly raised his hands in an 'I'm innocent' gesture, \"Hell, I like boobs too.\" He flushed even darker. \"It's not just the boobs; it's the fact that they're attached to you.\" I laughed. \"What do you mean, 'attached'? You some kind of Ted Bundy serial killer or something? You wanna dismember me?\" For a moment so quick I thought I'd imagined it, something dark flitted across his face. Something nasty and ugly that twisted the innocence of his features and his boyish blush into something angry and wrong , like one of those old French gargoyles. But it didn't return and I sure as hell wasn't going to invite it. He shook his head 'no' and tried not to make eye contact. I don't know if Shana saw what I did, but I don't think she could've, not the way she plowed on. \"Well then, what's the problem? You need us if you want the boobs. Somebody's a little frigid, if you ask me.\" His friend opened his mouth as if to say something, but I cut him off on impulse. \"C'mon honey,\" he snapped his head up at the term of endearment, \"we just want you to have a little fun.\" He made a face. \"You'll see that we're not that scary after all,\" Shana said, taking my lead. I released the scarf and let it hang loose around his neck, grateful to move my hands away from his face. My, what big teeth you have... \"What we do isn't so bad...it's just dancing. Why don't you try it?\" He looked up at me in complete and utter terror. \"C'mon. Just go with it and we'll leave you alone,\" I hissed \"Go for it,\" his friend called, \"I need to see this.\" \"Didn't think that was your thing, Sebs,\" he growled, \"Fine. Fine. \" He pulled himself to his feet and Shana and I reached out to him, hoisting him under his armpits onto the stage that really wasn't that far off the ground. He was heavier than he looked, even with both of us holding him, but we got him on the platform okay. He was pretty sure-footed when we got him to support his own weight but he was standing so stiffly, his arms held defensively over his middle. Now that his face was illuminated by the colored lights I could see what his hair and the shadows had been hiding: a missing eye. The covering just didn't sit right, caving in a little, which made me think that it was more than just a surface injury. I fought a strange, sudden impulse to rip it off, to see what was under it, instead subjecting myself to the constant intrusive mental images of horrific scarring. The disgusting type of imagination-based images that I hadn't even seen on medical shows. \"Is there a story with that eye patch? You look like a pirate.\" \"Why do people usually have eye patches? I got hurt.\" He pursed his lips like he'd been sucking on a lemon. \"Fair enough,\" I replied, \"Do you have a name, or am I just going to have to call you 'the pirate'?\" He pulled a face and crossed his arms, staying silent. \"Okay, then. Mr. Pirate it is,\" I turned to Shana, \"Can we get a little more light?\" She wandered off backstage and I started speaking to him in a low voice. \"What's the big deal? Have a little fun, play along a little, and we'll let you go home.\" \"...S'embarrassing...\" \"What's embarrassing? You'll never see any of us again. 'Cept your friend over there, but I'm sure he's seen worse out of you.\" I looked over to his friend, who was giving him a thumbs-up. He flushed even darker, turning as red as the stage lights. \"She's the only one I ever...you know. And I'm not the only one she ever...you know...I'm not as good at this kind of stuff as other guys...This is her last 'out'. I don't want this if she just thinks that she has to...I don't want to make anybody unhappy.\" \"Oh, honey, lots of guys feel this way...If she's been with you this long, you know this is at least what she wants right now and if things change, then they change. You don't have to worry about it.\" \"But I do. That's the problem.\" Shana came back to our part of the stage and I did notice that the lights were a little brighter. \"Mr. Pirate here's gonna do a dance for you all,\" she called out, to some interest from the audience. The club had filled up a little since we'd started playing with the two of them, and a fair amount of people turned looked at us out of interest. \"What's wrong? Don't you like dancing?\" \"l like it just fine. I just don't like people watching me.\" \"We don't expect you to be a great dancer or anything, you know. Just make an effort.\" \"I'm a good dancer!\" His voice became surprisingly defensive. \"Prove it.\" He started to move, a little awkwardly at first, but he found the beat pretty quickly. He was remarkably sure-footed for someone who was, you know, missing an eye. \"Aw, come on,\" Shana called, \"What is this, the fifties? Show us a little skin.\" \"What? No!\" \"It's not like it's any different from the beach, right?\" I asked, trying to be helpful, \"We're more exposed than you would be. What do you have to be embarrassed of?\" Begrudgingly, he took off his t-shirt. He was even paler underneath his shirt, which seemed impossible. He was skinny, no two ways about it, but it looked natural, not unhealthy. He was also kind of...furry. It shouldn't have surprised me, I guess, considering the state of his hair. He made some kind of jerky movement that he must have thought was sexy. He was floundering. Shana handed me a little tin of powder. \"Hey Mr. Pirate,\" I called, \"How do you feel about glitter?\" \"He loves it,\" his friend jeered \"Sebs, I hope you realize that you're dead when we get out of here. Dead!\" \"Look, it'll even match your pretty eyes,\" I showed him the sky-blue of the flakes. He stood stock-still as I dusted it on his collar bones and on his chest. \"You shouldn't be touching me like this.\" \"Why not? It's not doing anything for me, no offense. I touch lots of guys, every night. And guess what? I don't care.\" He started pouting again. \"What if we lead you a little? Will it be easier then?\" He nodded. I gestured to Shana and she went to his side, with me on the other. We lead him through a couple of basic moves (I had to relocate his wandering hands only once) and he seemed to loosen up a little. Even the other girls were watching him. Suddenly, I heard a scream that was decidedly not one of the girls I knew. Apparently, a group of (most likely straight) girls had made it into the club since I'd last looked, probably as some kind of gag. They were squealing for him, which, despite the obvious exaggeration, made him smile. He went into something that looked like Kate Upton's \"Cat Daddy\" dance, which made me wonder what the hell he does in his spare time. They started cheering for him and even our girls started joining in. He moved forward, front and center, and started getting more flamboyant, gyrating and putting his own, well, flavor into it. Without warning, he took his pants off, throwing them who-knows-where. The girls just went wild and a few of the guys started clapping as well. He'd taken all the attention off me and Shana completely-I couldn't get the audience back if I wanted to. Instead, I moved off the stage quietly, making my way to his friend-Sebs? Weird name...-who was nursing a bottle of water that he'd seemingly pulled out of his ass and watching his friend fondly. \"You sure you don't wanna join him?\" I asked, smiling in what I thought was a friendly fashion. He scoffed, but returned the smile. \"I don't dance. At the very least, I'm not nearly drunk enough to try.\" He took another sip of his water. He seemed receptive enough that I didn't think I'd be prying if I indulged my curiosity a little. \"How'd you guys end up here, anyway? This doesn't exactly seem like your scene, either of you.\" \"It was a joke, sort of. And then it wasn't. I just wanted him to relax, you know? He was freaking out and I just wanted to give him a break.\" \"So what's the story with him? I don't see a lot of two-man bachelor parties.\" \"We're quiet people, he and she and I.\" The pirate let out some kind of \"wooo!\" I looked at him pointedly and then back to the other. \"Okay, then. Private . We're private people. Things can pass without a whole lot of acknowledgement, they get underplayed more than over and the wedding...it's not a big thing, but at the same time, it is. It's really important, for both of them. \"He seems pretty lit right now. Is he gonna be okay?\" \"Believe it or not, he drank till he was sober again. Seriously. He can drink beer like water and not even have a headache the next day. It's that Irish liver of his. It's like I said before. He's getting married tomorrow and it's a big deal, not just because of the kid. It's what you'd call extraordinary circumstances. As in, it's extraordinary that he's getting married at all. Especially after...He's shy to begin with. Obviously. And he's been through some shit.\" \"Does it have anything to do with how he lost his eye?\" \"That's not my place to tell you. It's his business. It's not exactly a secret but don't mention it to him anyway. Just... This is a big deal, more than it is for most people and I wanted him to have fun because he's earned it, if anyone has. I'm talking too much l, aren't I?\" I looked over at the pirate, who was currently trying to figure out how to use the pole. \"Looks like he's having plenty of fun, to me.\" He followed my eyes and smiled. \"I guess this wasn't a total bust. This is a pretty lame party, though, either way. We kinda suck, huh?\" \"Not nearly as much as some people who come through here. Besides, he's got a room full of people cheering for him. That feels pretty damn good, take it from me.\" He nodded, but said nothing. \"If nothing else, he's got some real talent,\" I joked, \"He could have a new career, here.\" \"He's always been a pretty good dancer, actually. I'm not sure why. It's how he met her, as a matter of fact.\" The cheering started to slow as Shana dragged him over, his face flushed and his ridiculous hair all over the place. \"I figured that with his wedding tomorrow, he probably shouldn't be trying to break his nose.\" His friend got up, taking the cue and started to lead him out. \"Aww, I was just gettin' into it,\" he moaned, \"Oh, god...\" His face went from red to green so fast, I thought I was looking at a traffic light. \"Oh, god, I'm gonna...Sebs, I think those blue things from before are commin' back up. Either them or the yellow things. Or both. Maybe they'll come out green...\" His friend grabbed him around the waist and quickly turned him in the other direction, before he lost something that came out a rather ugly shade of orange. \"Sorry 'bout the floor,\" he called weakly, \"and your shoes, Sebs, oh wow...\" \"It's okay, I didn't like these shoes anyway,\" he handed his friend another bottle of water, already opened for him. \"That was awesome! We should do that like...all the time!\" \"I don't think your wife would be too happy with that.\" \"My wife. Yeah, my wife.\" he smiled contentedly. \"Next time we'll get you to do it. Aren't your people supposed to be good at that?\" \"My people? We're not a race.\" \"We'll get you some pretty green sparkles...they'll look nice with your hair.\" \"Hair! Shit, we were supposed to...we'll get your haircut in the morning. Nobody would let you in looking like this anyway.\" The pirate was playing idly with the t-shirt that Shana had given back to him. \"Hey, Sebs? Were're m'pants?\" \"I got 'em, buddy.\" So, yeah. It can be a weird business and it gets old sometimes, but that's what I like about it. Sometimes you're the show, and sometimes the audience is. ","Summary":" This has been done for at least a month now, but I was holding it back in hopes of conducting some "},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"Giving You Hell","Author":"Jersey Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8014794","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: And now back to your regularly scheduled P2 goodness. I've had this idea in my head for a long time, so it's nice to finally have it out of my head. So, yeah, seems I've decided that decency can go to hell. Enjoy. Monotony is how things go around here. Staring at the ceiling until I can feel my mind turning even more into mush. Usually I have the capacity and enough shit for brains to go out to the common area to commiserate with my fellow loonies, but today…today my back hurts. My back hurts and my brain is mush. I don't think I can handle myself let alone other people. Of course I'm never alone long in here. Always gotta check up on us people. Us specimens. Make sure we're playing or part and entertaining ourselves in a productive manner. \"Mr. McKnight, it's time for your medication.\" Ah, good morning, Jeremy. Right on time. Aren't Tuesdays when Kathy gives the medication? Hmm…maybe she's busy sleeping off a bad fuck or something like that. I don't know what normal people do anymore. I'd get up faster but with my back on the bed and my legs propped up on the wall it's kinda hard to feel motivated to move, so I just open my mouth and loll out my tongue. I trust ol' Jeremy here understands what that means. \"Very funny. Now, sit up please. I brought you some toast, and you're going to take your pills. Right?\" \"Right-o,\" I reply, all teeth and flash. I got this system all worked out. There's no sense in fighting it anymore. Just ends up with me getting fucked over more so than I already am, and you'd think that'd be impossible, but hey, the world's a really weird place. Rolling over I land uncomfortably on my neck before righting myself to sit on the bed. First my back, now my neck…I'll be dead by lunch at this rate. \"Good,\" Jeremy smiles, and man he's got dull fucking teeth. Someone should tell him to brush more. My teeth are sharp, but at least they're clean. \"Glad to see you're in such a good mood. You'll need it for your appointment today.\" \"Appointment?\" Jesus, I sound like an idiot, but seriously, appointment? Days melt together here, but I know when I'm scheduled to see the mighty head shrinker. No, I have another week until I have to get poked and prodded. What the hell is this appointment? \"Oh, yeah, you have a visitor.\" I don't know why, but that gives me a bad taste in my mouth. Nobody visits me. No one that needs to be announced anyway. And what's with the guessing game shit? I'm crazy. You don't mess with that. I'm imbalanced. Don't make me play head games. I'll mess you up. You'll catch my crazy. Jeremy's not very smart is he? \"And who's that?\" I ask, doing my best good, little, patient, voice. They eat that up. The \"good boy\" thing. Makes them think they're making progress with me. Perhaps they are, but I don't like the idea of having someone \"fix me\". \"You'll see soon enough. Now, come on. Eat and take your medication, or I'll never leave you alone.\" Smiling, I figure there's no reason to be defiant and eat the terrible excuse for toast, and honestly, how do you fuck up toast? I have no idea. And up course, like the wonderful patient I am I take my pills and try to ignore the chalky taste left in my mouth. \"Thatta boy. I'll let them know you're in your room.\" I nod, hearing, almost feeling, a faint buzzing noise in the back of my head as I listen to the sound of conversation outside. It's all I ever hear when it comes. White noise. Keep talking all you want. All I have in my head is that damn white noise. I figure this'll all be nothing and return to sprawling on my bed, closing my eyes and pretending it's comfortable. I can feel a spring or two that'll give out, but hey, it's better than sleeping on the floor. Or maybe it's not. Really wouldn't know. Haven't tried. And my back still fucking hurts. Jesus Christ. I hear the door open, and I guess that means I'll have to stop pondering stupid shit about beds and turn on the \"personable\". Like a switch. On. Off. Sitting on my ass, feet on the floor, smiling like the good citizen I am. A real boy scout. Scout's honor. And I tell ya, that act doesn't last long as I spot who it is in the door. There are two people, but I don't care about the one I don't recognize. The one I can't believe is there is the one I do know, and it makes my skin prickle. Tall, blonde hair, blue eyes, and of course boobs enough to smother a man. I know this because I've seen them, and honestly I'd hoped never to see them again. Fucking bitch. What's she doing here? What fucking right does she have to be here? What's she gonna do? Pull some PR shit and tell me she forgives me to make her seem like the bigger person. The heroine they want her to be. Perfect. Enough to make you sick isn't it? Still, that doesn't tell me who Dipshit Harry beside her is. Definitely not her boyfriend. No way. Ice queens don't date. They don't feel. \"Ok, Ms. Bridges, I'll be right outside,\" says the dipshit with his fucking tacky suit jacket blazer something or other made out of ugly ass polyester or maybe cotton whatnot. Point is that fucking thing is ugly. And even though it's so fucking ugly I can't take my mind off that bitch. Call me whatever names you want, but I'm still fucking mad at her, and why shouldn't I be? Yeah, I did some shit, but she did some shit right back. And now I'm fucking stuck in this hellhole and she's here just staring at me with my wrinkled clothes and back pain. Well, I might as well be a good host. \"Oh, hello, Angela,\" I smile, and she says nothing. She looks like she's trying to burn a hole in my head, and I swear she's shaking. \"Something the matter? You look flighty…like a bird. A starling maybe?\" \"Shut the fuck up.\" \"She speaks…\" \"I said shut up,\" she says, and she looks like she's mentally beating my head in. \"I'm not here because I want to be.\" \"Something we have in common,\" I snort. She has no response to that, and I take advantage of the silence. \"So, why are you here anyway?\" Jeez, I almost sound genuinely interested. Maybe I am. My head's hurting, and I can feel the effects of sedative starting to work on my thoughts. \"Therapy.\" I half think she's spitting something out the way she says it. She's not looking at me, but I'm fixating. I can't help it. It's my nature to do so. \"One of the steps I have to take. Come face to face with my fears. Maybe even forgive you. See that you're just human.\" \"You shouldn't have to learn that,\" I reply, and I hadn't expected to sound so nasty. Also, what's with this forgiveness shit? I called it. Called it a mile away. I'm just that good. She's clearly still mad at me. What am I? A show? \"Kinda hard to see me as a person if I'm just a step though, don't ya think?\" \"Be quiet. I don't want to talk to you. This is all your fault anyway.\" She…she what? My what? I couldn't tell you why, but that just really pisses me off. I should have expected to hear that, but I guess I'm still able to be bothered. Along with the whole \"forgiving me\" shtick, which is complete bullshit, this is all just so ridiculous. I swear something just broke like that stupid metaphor with the camel and the rice. Sedatives have nothing on this kind of rage. It's not energetic, but it's sharp. \"It's all my fault. Bad, bad, me. And you don't even want to be here? Oh, you poor, poor, thing,\" I growl, leaning forward. She moves back, and shit, that feels fucking fantastic. You'd better be afraid of me. Facing your fears my ass. \"Having to come here and see me. How unfortunate and time consuming and taxing on you. Must suck. Always the victim, aren't you?\" That's right. Glare at me. Curse at me. She doesn't though, and I'm a bit disappointed. I want reactions. Responses to my behavior that aren't part of a script and mangled by \"professionalism\" and distance. She's just standing there. Giving me her \"kill face\". I figure I might as well work with it since it's what I've got. \"I feel so bad for you. What can I do to help you? Maybe I should just up and kill myself . You'd like that wouldn't you? Wouldn't have to bother with that damn annoying little fact of my continued existence. I am so fucking sorry.\" There should be sarcasm Olympics. I've been training. I'm the king of being facetious. You know what facetious means ya bitch? And I'm not even done yet. I'm picking up speed. Can't stop now. An object in motion… \"Actually, no…no, I'm not fucking sorry. I'm not fucking sorry for you. You have to go to occasional therapy sessions? It's an inconvenience? Oh, sad…woe and agony…fuck you. My life is an inconvenience. To you. To this hospital. To the world. Kind of sucks now that I know it. Sucks even more that I can't even delude myself into not acknowledging that anymore.\" She starts to speak, but I'm on my feet before she can get a word out. Fuck, that hurts my back, moving so suddenly, but I bite my tongue to keep from whining. I may not have much strength in me these days, but I know how to be threatening. The back of my skull hurts with an approaching headache, but I can't stop. I don't want to. I suppose I've wanted to say these things for a while. Wanted to let out my frustrations. I would have tried in the multiple meetings to Captain Head Shrinker, but I know he won't understand and can't. Even if she doesn't want to she understands. As much as I hate it I know she's the only one with any capacity to get it. A different perspective, but she knows…she knows the shit heap that is my mind. \"What's it like? To have a chance to be normal?\" \"What…?\" \"Normal,\" I repeat, slowly so she understands. I'm closer to her, but she hasn't reacted. She's staring at me now though, which could have something to do with the fact that I'm only two feet away, give or take. \"I can never be normal. Can't be it. Can't look it. Thanks for that, by the way,\" I continue, scowling with my half a face. That's an exaggeration, but it feels like that. Half a face. Half a perception. \"You look horrible,\" she says coolly as if it will deter me. She's making a point of looking me in the eye. Showing me that she's not afraid of me. What a shame. She has every right to fear me. Making her believe otherwise isn't solving the problem. I'd tell her so, but I can't imagine she wants any of my advice. I don't think anyone wants my advice for that matter. \"I hadn't noticed,\" I reply, rubbing my back with one hand. \"You look like a frightened sheep. How's the flock doing? Hard to get that information now that my disguise doesn't work anymore.\" I let my jaw hang open a bit and loll my tongue slightly off to the side, panting like a dog and smiling like it's the best damn joke I've ever made. It might very well be. The noise seems to bother her, so I make it louder. Short, raspy, hungry, breaths. People always said my teeth looked like fangs anyway. \"Stop it!\" she says, fiercely might I add. It's strange to think that at one point that ferocity drew me to her. I have some weird tastes. I do as she says, but that sort of cooperation does not come without price. I silence myself, close my mouth, and I lean forward, palm flat against the wall. I can see that her face is red, her heart pumping out anxiety as well as blood. She's giving off heat, and against my wishes I kind of love the feeling. It's so cold in here all the time. Both the building and the people. It's nice to feel something warm every once in a while. I feel the brush of fabric against fabric, and muscles stiffening against mine. I must have moved to the point of touching her. I hadn't noticed. \"I'm not gonna hurt you…\" I whisper, frowning slightly but refusing to move. Recognition is all over her face. Her eyes narrow, and she scowls at me. I mean what I said though. Even if I had intentions to hurt her I'm just too tired. Too worn out from all my \"crazy business\". Besides, if I did anything I'd likely be tackled and stuck in the ass with some sedative I'm sure is going to just kill me one of these days. And I'm already achy. She can't hurt me either. Mutual non-threat. \"I hate you.\" \"Angela,\" I say, more of a hiss really, \"I can't say I'm all that fond of you either. Now, get out of my room. I have no desire to help you with your therapy. With your recovery…you see…\" I pause, moving my face closer, easy since I can still feel her shirt against mine, and either through defiance or fear she hasn't moved away from me. \"I really just think you're a real bitch for coming here and acting so fucking high and mighty, like you're doing me some great personal favor by gracing me with your presence. Saving face. Forgiving the sinner like the good little girl you are. Bringing yourself one more step closer to being 'back to normal'. That must be nice.\" \"Get away from me.\" \"I will. Honestly, I just wanted to make sure you got all that because I think you're a real cunt, and I'm making it a habit of being more honest these days. How do you think it's working out for me?\" She doesn't say anything for a few seconds, looking dumbstruck, and I allow myself to feel victorious. However, I made the mistake of forgetting that this woman's a fighter. \"Asshole,\" she replies, stepping hard on my foot, digging sole into my skin. I yelp helplessly and shift back, pulling my foot back to me. Irritated by the pain and the sudden coolness of the rest of the room. One of the nurses is coming over, escorting her out of the room, and she's smiling. She's fucking smiling. I practically snarl, but I opt for silence and make my way back over to my bed, favoring my foot. My fucking foot. It's going to be awkwardly bruised now. Well done, Angela. Picking on me when I'm down seems to be a strategy of hers. I'm still sulking when Jeremy comes back into the room. He looks curious and concerned. Mostly curious, and I can't blame him for that. I'm usually so well behaved, except for when I'm not. \"Thomas.\" \"Yes?\" I smile, rubbing my foot and feigning calm like a goddamn pro. \"What did you do?\" He's using his \"adult voice\" which irks me because I'm older than he is. Probably smarter. Well, maybe. I don't know. \"We were just talking and she got mad. I don't know what set her off,\" I lie. \"Look at my foot. She dug her heel into it. And I'm the one put away in a box. She's the one who's out-\" \"You, watch it,\" Jeremy chides, and as I've been conditioned I shut my mouth and nod because I'm not just well behaved. I'm the best behaved, when the mood suits me. \"Now, I'd imagine you're not going to want to do much walking are you?\" I shake my head and look pathetic, clinging onto my foot as to tell him to take it from me. \"Alright, well, if it keeps hurting let me know, and I'll get you something for it.\" I nod again and out the door he goes. As soon as he's out I relax my face. Smiling felt weird. It doesn't describe how I'm feeling accurately enough. It can't show my pride. My uncommon relief. I have expelled some unholy demon, and I feel righteous. Most would say my words and actions were in bad form, but I'd argue that the whole world is in bad form. Why should I act any differently? I roll onto my back and close my eyes. I'm aware of my back pain again, but it's familiar and comforting. I block out the sound of people outside and eventually my foot stops hurting as long as I don't move it. I'm tired again, but I'm not as displeased as I was before. Despite my head starting to buckle under the weight of the medication's effects I'm entertained by my own actions. Sometimes it just feels good to give people hell. ","Summary":" Author's Note: And now back to your regularly scheduled P2 goodness. I've had this idea in my head "},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"Food Fight","Author":"Faintly Falling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8587731","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Bright lights, maybe phosphorescent, since it's so damn cold in here. He was hoping to go the rest of his life without needing to blink that green-yellow glow out of his eyes. This was a newer supermarket but they still couldn't get rid of that nasty corona that came with those chemical-bulbs. He was a creature of the night, albeit a reluctant one. Dragged out into the day. He wasn't exactly thrilled to be here in this place of cold and white-walls and light that looked so much like a hospital ( the hospital), but Sebs had insisted. Well, maybe not insisted. But he'd pretty much insinuated that he couldn't be held responsible for whatever healthy, cardboard-tasting crap he brought home for Tom to eat if he didn't come along. Grocery shopping. A normal enough task for normal enough people but normal was something Tom would never be. His eyes followed the other customers around the store, they all looked normal enough-the kind of people you'd expect to see in a grocery store. Women, mostly, but a few men too. Parents, lovers, friends. He envies them for being so normal, for not even considering for a minute that something could be wrong with their normal routine, one of their mundane, \"safe\" places. The arrogance of never considering that a threat could be lurking somewhere in their midst. A threat like him. He had no reason to hate these people, no reason to want to hurt them, but he knew that he could. That was enough, for the moment, to incite the feeling of power stirring in his chest; a low, rumbling, yet inflammatory rage. He's done it before and that's enough to brand him for life- if any of these people knew what he'd done, it'd be tantamount to a current offense, as incriminating as if he'd done it yesterday, as if he'd done it to one of them. How would they react? To have their sphere of innocence and monotony shattered? Tom suddenly became aware that Sebs was watching him curiously. As they moved into the produce department, Sebs got Tom's attention. \"How do you feel about spinach?\" \"Am I supposed to have feelings about spinach? What has spinach ever done to me?\" \"Your physical said that your white blood cell count was low and spinach is really good for that. Same with broccoli, strawberries-\" \"I was taking care of myself before you came along, you know. I don't need you to announce to the entire store that my immune system's bad because I'm on crazy-people-drugs.\" \"Who's announcing anything? You're the one who's shouting.\" Sebs was doing that maddeningly calm thing that he was so good at. \"Besides, your immune system could be compromised for other reasons.\" \"Not unless you think I could pass as an AIDS patient.\" \"You might, if you don't start eating better,\" he turned back to the vegetables, \"so, spinach is out then?\" He proceeded to pick out the salad stuff and vegetables he usually stocked before moving on. \"Any fruit?\" Tom spitefully picked up a bunch of bananas and plopped them in the cart. Sebs nodded in acceptance and proceeded puttering around the oranges and citrus fruit, looking for what he wanted. Tom turned his attention to the apples and the other stacked fruit. So perfect and polished, covered in invisible wax. A plan for a more silent type disruption occurred to him. Life was so tenuous so easy to disturb. Like pulling out one apple in order to bring down all the rest. He could see the floor, in his mind, covered in the glossy, strangely unfragrant fruit. It wouldn't amount to more than an inconvenience for the store, or maybe a tripping hazard. Tom's great revenge...how the mighty have fallen. He wasn't as anonymous as he thought he was, he realized... There were security cameras, he'd already forgotten about those, and he was easily the most distinguishable person in this store. The fruit-spilling pirate would be pretty memorable. Sebs eyed him critically. \"You in the mood for some apples?\" \"You could say that.\" \"Well, get some then.\" Unwilling to explain the inner-workings of his mind, especially when he himself could identify them as totally weird and, (admittedly) fucking crazy, Tom sheepishly grabbed a few apples and stuffed them into a bag. \"What kind?\" Sebs asked, indicating the plastic-bound fruit. \"Red.\" Sebs (rightly) considered the conversation to be over. They made it through the produce without too much more effort. Tom found himself looking longingly at the red meat section and Sebs noticed. \"Get whatever you want. Can't deny a wolf his meat.\" You got that right. Tom explored the meat options slowly, lingering over the food he hadn't been able to stomach properly in at least a year. He knew that Sebs would willingly pay for whatever he picked out and really, this would all be so much easier if Sebs wasn't so committed to making him happy, the asshole. It was stupid, felt stupid, going through the motions like this, like he was just some normal guy on a casual Saturday trip to the store, like food is one of his biggest concerns in the world. Only real people deserve to eat, never mind enjoying it. He ran his fingers over the packaged meat, enjoying the smoothness of the plastic and the coolness of the chamber it was resting in. The sausage was looking a bit too much like intestines at the moment ( thanks but no thanks ), the chicken too plastic and everything else too...dead. It was strange to say it. He'd once reveled in the deadness of meat, practically thrilled by it. There's nothing like being reminded that you're at the top of the food chain. Now the selection, stark and pink and sinew and bone and raw , simply looks too real. He wants something though, if only because he couldn't have it (he still won't give that crap the honor of being food) for so long. He finally decided on hamburger meat, since it looked the least like an actual animal while still being edible. Besides, making them into food would give him something to do besides sit around and try to figure out what the hell he was supposed to be doing with his newly granted 'freedom'. Tom turned to go and grab Sebs and instead found himself bumping into one of those cardboard displays full of nothing anybody ever really needed. Feeling a surge of irritation he kicked it, unwittingly sending the thing to the ground. Sebs turned suddenly, looking from the mess to Tom. There was no one who'd seen it. \"I didn't do it,\" Tom said uselessly, having taken a few steps away after the initial fall. \"Okay,\" Sebs replied simply, no mockery that Tom could detect, \"Sure. I'm just gonna grab my coffee now, okay?\" Sebs set off in search of his precious coffee while Tom found himself wandering towards the cereal, maybe looking for one of his old favorites, though he wasn't sure which one. He wasn't expecting what came next. An entire aisle of cereal. Healthy crap to colorful sugar balls, and everything in-between. He thought that he must look mesmerized walking through it, half out of his mind ( slippery slope ), but he couldn't help staring at every box like it was a museum piece. The colors and fonts came together like an abstract blur. So many choices, for people who have choices. He knew that he hadn't been away that long, not as long as he could have been and not even that long when you think about it in terms of a life span, not if you live to eighty or a hundred and he can't even imagine living to a hundred, not even eighty, hell, the idea of thinking about next week gives him a pain in his chest like that time he held his breath too long in a childhood pool. Or was it a lake? He can't remember now. He finds his beloved fruit loops in a line up of sugar cereal but the memory of taste in his mouth stirs up sickness in his stomach and he options for something safer and softer, oatmeal, which would probably please Sebs anyway. He followed Sebs into the frozen food aisle, which was on his shit-list already by way of being at least ten degrees colder than the rest of the already chilly store. His stamina had been returning, slowly but surely, and he had been getting cold less easily, but prolonged exposure to air-conditioners and the like were still uncomfortable. Beyond that, the nerves surrounding his little accident were chilling him from the inside. It looked like the freezers had just been stocked, the way they were all fogged up. Reminded him of a meat-locker. Of body parts hanging from the ceiling; frozen animal chunks with shiny marbled fat, then of human limbs like they showed in horror movies. He didn't like not being able to see inside the freezers, he never liked the idea of things being hidden from him, disguised. He knows there's nothing in there, logically, nothing could live in there. At the same time, it gave him an inexpressible fear of opening the door, not knowing what he could find( the only things that aren't living are dead...) . \"...Waffles?\" Like coming out of a dream, Tom heard Sebs' voice. \"What?\" \"I said, do you want some toaster waffles? You might want to have them around...\" \" Like you used to, \" Tom supposes Sebs wants to say, except he doesn't. Probably because he's assuming that the last thing Tom wants to be reminded of is that something's different now, as if he's not already thinking about it. Like he's going to fucking forget . \"Sounds good, I guess. Yeah.\" For a moment, Tom entertained childhood memories of toaster-warmed waffles full of melted butter, with powdered sugar clotting and clogging up the flow inside the little square wells. The image only made his stomach inexplicably sick, feeling imaginary sugar sticking to his teeth and tongue, piss-hot butter burning his mouth and trickling down his throat... Sebs wrenched open the freezer door and, Tom flinched before his eyes could tell him that there was indeed nothing in there that shouldn't be, only waffles, pancakes, and assorted breakfast sandwiches. Sebs reached his hand in and Tom tensed up with dread, anticipating an icy hand grabbing Sebs' wrist as if it were his own. Plunging his hand into the depths... Those freezers always looked ridiculously deep. Endless, in fact, like some kind of demented, Narnia-style ice world. The words were absurd, were supposed to make him laugh, but all it did was make the image more foreboding. Some kind of frozen realm where everything was cold and sharp and you could barely breathe for want of moisture in the air. That was something he had never understood about Superman...for all the places you could have a Fortress of Solitude, why live in a fucking ice desert? There were a lot of things Tom didn't understand about Superman. Sebs retrieved the waffles without any freezer demon intervention, however, and tossed them in the cart. Superman versus the Deep-Freeze. \"Is the cold bothering you?\" Sebs asked suddenly, \"It's bothering me. Come on, let's move.\" Strange. Sebs rarely complained about cold. One of the few advantages to being made of ice. Somehow, they'd made it to the dry food-either the supermarket wasn't as big as Tom had first presumed it to be, or they simply hadn't bought much in the way of variety. Upon glancing in the cart, he realized that he couldn't remember how some of those items had come to be there. He was getting irritated in that itchy, nagging sort of way. Unreasonably annoyed (he could even admit it) that Sebs should be so calm when Tom was so thoroughly full of unease, Tom wanted to disrupt. To shake him, to scare him, to make him feel some of the fear and discomfort that was haunting Tom like a fucking ghost, gnawing at his thoughts like an escaped hamster with a wire. On a whim, Tom tossed a variety pack of Ramen noodles in the cart. Sebs glanced at it, but said nothing. \"Aren't you going to complain about how bad it is for me? Nothing about how I'm going to clog my arteries or give myself rickets or scurvy or maybe some kind of lecture about how I need my nutrition, especially now ?\" Sebs just shrugged. \"It's your life. It's not up to me to tell you what you can and can't do. It wouldn't help you anyway.\" Tom was undaunted. \"Very good, Sebs. Did you read that in How to Train Your Pet Psycho ?\" Sebs didn't even flinch. \"You've never listened to me before, why should you start now?\" Sebs moved away from him, distracting himself with the boxes of couscous in a manner that was no doubt meant to be nonchalant. You know why, you asshole. At least, you think you know. \"Whole wheat or plain?\" Sebs asked holding up the boxes, \"Ooh, they have the kind with sun-dried tomatoes...\" Tom stared at him like he'd grown another head. \"That was a joke. I know you don't eat it. You think it tastes like bird food. You don't eat tomatoes either.\" He tossed one of the boxes in the cart and continued pushing it down the aisle. \"Unless you want anything else from over here...?\" Tom shook his head no. They walked past jars and jars of pasta sauce that probably all tasted the same, or near enough to it. Organic, meat sauce, veggie sauce, added cheese, added mushrooms...What difference did it make? As long as it made you full. Sebs surveyed the shelves full of olive oil, pickles, and other jarred stuff, looking for who-knows-what. Tom followed his eyes...Breakable jarred stuff. He paused for a moment, seeing a phantom jar on the ground, splintered from the sheer force of the fall. He heard the crash and the snap and the screaming as if it had occurred just now, rather than uncounted years ago. \" Thomas! What on earth is wrong with you? I know you know better...\" He raised his eyes to the shelf of pickle jars. So close to the edge. So...precarious. He could smash the whole shelf if he wanted to. Would that take Sebs by surprise? Would that scare him, make him jump? Maybe he'd even piss himself. It was funny to imagine, composed Mr. Sebastian pissing himself like a scared child. Taking a dump in his pants. Tom had certainly seen more of that than he ever cared to in the last two years, though not from Sebs. \"Are you trying to move those pickles with your mind or something? A jedi, you are not.\" That would be a lot of mess for somebody to clean up. He's already caused enough messes. Sebs had apparently selected whatever he was looking for (olive oil, and Tom could never tell the difference with that stuff anyway), and was now perusing the canned tuna. Tom couldn't take it anymore. \"What's wrong with you?\" \"I'm looking for tuna. What's wrong with you?\" \"How can you stand this? Acting like everything's all normal.\" \"This is the most normal trip to the grocery store I've ever had.\" \"That's the problem.\" \"Yeah, I know. Look, is something bothering you?\" \"Everything's bothering me. I feel like I'm on some hidden camera show where everybody's waiting for me to fuck up so they can come drag me back to the people-zoo. I feel like anybody who looks at me can see right through me. Like I'm some walking freak-show. You get it?\" \"I think so.\" \"Sebs, I'm crazy.\" \"Yeah, I got that.\" \"And this,\" he made a sweeping gesture, \" this doesn't bother you? Not at all?\" \"Not to make light of it, but you didn't go after me. And honestly, I don't think I'd feel too much differently if you did. The problem's with your chemistry more than you yourself, if I understand it right, and it would be really shitty of me to hold that against you.\" \"What if it's you next time? You gonna keep giving me pep talks from your hospital bed?\" Sebs held his gaze. \"I guess that's a chance I'm willing to take. Besides, no offense, but I'm pretty sure I could take you right now.\" Despite himself, Tom smiled. \"You wish.\" Sebs tossed his tuna in the cart and Tom turned back to the pickles. Pickles could be a nice snack for later. When he'd made his selection, he turned around to see that Sebs was...gone. The cart and everything. He felt his chest tighten as unbidden fear flooded through him. \"Sebs?\" He heard his voice trill as it rose with panic, \"Sebs?\" He moved towards the end of the aisle as he called, moved faster than he realized. Sebs emerged from somewhere in the next aisle. \"I'm sorry, I thought you were following me.\" \"You-you were just over...\" He heard his voice crack and he felt heat building up behind his eyes. He doesn't remember the last time he cried, maybe it was when his dog died, or maybe it was in some memory-blocked breakdown that occurred since and he's not going to, he's pretty sure he's not going to but this is what he remembers it feeling like. Sadness and frustration and self-pity stewing in his stomach and head. \"I'm here, Tom,\" Sebs said, and for once Tom is grateful for Sebs' need to make things simple, \"You know what? It's been a long day. Maybe we should get out of here, huh?\" The grocery store does not constitute 'a long day' for normal people. Afraid to open his mouth, Tom simply nodded. \"Just let me grab one last thing, okay?\" Tom nodded again, impulsively grabbing onto the cart, which only emphasized his feelings of regression. Sebs moved past the health foods and into the section for supplements. Tom had to protest. \"Sebs, I don't need vitamins.\" \"What makes you think they're for you?\" he asked innocently, reading the label on one of the bottles nearest to him, \"Maybe they're for me.\" \"I've never seen you take vitamins.\" \"Maybe it's time to start. Besides, you wouldn't necessarily see them. They go in things, you know. But now that you mention it, it's not a bad idea.\" Sebs' games would've bothered Tom, if he hadn't just proved himself to be as stable as a volatile three-year-old. \"Do you know if they have gummy ones?\" \"They're probably here somewhere,\" Sebs replied as he started to look. This wasn't surrender, nor was this defeat: it was compromise. Surrender had been the loss of his voice and, subsequently, his freedom. Defeat had been the moment he had begun devising plans for people he barely knew, casting himself as the hero into someone else's story. This was his story now, like it or not. It could only go forward, that was for damn sure. In the meantime, he'd take up Sebs' inevitable suggestion of food and a nap. He'll take vitamins and do normal things like buy groceries and wash clothes and take care of himself until those things don't feel so much like pulling teeth. Because it'd be nice, really nice, after being poked and prodded and monitored and so aware of everything , just to let his poor mind rest. ","Summary":" Bright lights, maybe phosphorescent, since it's so damn cold in here. He was hoping to go the rest "},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"Cold Cases and Shiftwork Murders","Author":"Faintly Falling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8541785","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Hey, Janet, Janet!\" Rob tends to take on the appearance of a hyper squirrel when he's excited, twitching and fidgeting with things and moving just a little too fast. It's a pretty entertaining sight considering he's 6'2 and built like a linebacker. And when Rob's excited, it's usually about a case. \"What is it?\" \"You know the Christmas eve murders back in 2002? \"At the shipping company. Guy was obsessed with one of his coworkers, killed her and some other people he didn't like during the night shift.\" \"Well, we've got something. Someone came forward after all this time with a physical description. No name, said she didn't have one, but it's a pretty decent recollection otherwise.\" \"Why now?\" \"It's been more than 10 years, she's getting old, and the guilt is bothering her. Whatever. Doesn't matter. Point is, I did some digging. You know that mess at the Arcadia building in '06?\" \"My memory's better than yours, Rob.\" He gets like this when he's hyper, everything is a question. I blame his Italian roots. He hand-waves me impatiently. \"Turns out that bastard also used to work for Turner's shipping company. Not very long, but long enough. You know when they both happened? Christmas eve.\" I can't say I'm a fan of the boundless energy (and superiority) he gets when he has a lead but I'm itching for a new (old) case. A side effect of being a cold case detective. We spent what feels like hours looking at nothing; both cases have so little actual fact attached, the only saving grace is that the latter actually has a perp attached to it. \"We need to find witnesses that are still around. Most of the people involved are, well…\" Thank you, Captain Obvious. \"Bridges already gave a statement and she's not good for much anyway, she has no tie to the previous case.\" \"What about this guy? Only real contact the suspect had on paper. In fact, I can't believe they didn't interrogate him at the time. There's barely a statement here.\" \"I guess they had no real reason to look for any connections at the time. What's his name again?\" I double-checked the address. Only out of habit. I've never got one wrong before but the one time I don't check could be the time I screw it up. Start a whole chain of screw-ups. It's right, as always. Rob knocks on the door, sharp and loud, like he means business. I can manage the same authoritarianism but I rarely take the same pleasure in it that he does anymore. I've yet to figure out if that's a good thing or not. The guy takes a little longer than average to come to the door. Maybe we caught him on the john. Usually people know what that knock means. Usually, they move. When the guy finally does get to the door, I can't say it's not what I imagined when I picture a guy named 'Sebastian'. It has a feel, the name. Anybody with the balls to name their kid that must have given them the balls to carry it off. Not that he looks tough necessarily. He's not very tall but I couldn't easily call him short, either. Narrowly built, though mildly athletic. It's the kind that's acquired in gyms, not fights. It's in his face, though, the steel in his eyes and tautness in his mouth, that tells you he doesn't want to be messed with. \"Yes?\" Most people at least offered a 'can I help you?' or 'what seems to be the problem?' The sight of cops tends to force out hidden politeness in drug dealers and rapists, let alone what it does to normal people. This guy looks like he's in no mood to help anyone and never has been. Between his education, his employment record and the fruity French name, I was expecting some pompous stuffed shirt who wore clothes with unpronounceable name brands, someone who shit money and sweat privilege. This guy…the way he holds himself definitely speaks of cultivation, grooming and he looks at you like he has somewhere, anywhere better to be but aside from that he's…muted? Fallen from grace? At the same time, he doesn't look like he allows things to happen to him. Somehow I feel like his life only consists of the things that he 'allows'. His clothes are normal, if a little too put-together for casual wear. Banana Republic but not Armani. \"Are you Mr. Favreaux?\" He nods like wasting more breath is simply unnecessary. I indicate myself, then Rob. \"Detective Dixon, detective Chambers. We'd like to ask you a couple of questions about someone you used to know. A Mr. McKnight.\" Normally, people get nervous. You can see it in their eyes or the twitch of their lips or the way they start to fidget. Others brace themselves, a clumsy mask of indifference slides into place, cracked by its own self-consciousness. This guy doesn't move a muscle, a level of composure I've only seen on sociopaths. \"I'm sorry,\" he says, though somehow I doubt that he is, \"Could you give me a moment?\" I don't know what for but I'm inclined to give it to him for reasons I'm not sure of. Maybe he needs to get rid of his booty-call or whatever was making him take forever to get to the door. He shuts the door and we wait. We wait. We wait for a long damn time. Too long. Rob looks at me. I pound on the door. \"We're still out here, you know.\" He opens it again. \"I know.\" He's not smug or self-satisfied. Just matter of fact. As if this were the perfectly logical thing to do in this situation. He is ballsy. Or a complete idiot. I'm not going to give him more credit than he deserves. \"We need to ask you a couple questions.\" Repeat it like it's the only option. It is the only option. He sighs and shakes his head. \"I'm sorry,\" he drawls sarcastically, \"Where are my manners? Please do come in.\" There's no fear in his eyes, nothing to suggest that this is some kind of act, some confident posturing. Just irritation and resignation, as if this were something long expected and unpleasant that he'd rather avoid. Both the reason for the visit and the actual conversation itself. Like talking is too much effort for him. His home looks like a catalogue, everything clean and new looking and in its proper place. A super-anal type-A, everything needs to be just so. This explains the clothes. Gay. Must be. No woman would put up with that. I park myself on his overstuffed couch and hate it for being so. Too comfortable, more than it should be. It makes you uncomfortable for drawing you in against your will. I really don't need to be getting comfortable on some suspect's couch. He's facing me in the armchair opposite. Not a recliner. An armchair. He would. \"So,\" he says, like he's the one in control here, \"why, exactly, are you here?\" \"We've had information come to light in an old case that connects it to the murder your friend committed around 10 years ago.\" No point in sugarcoating it. He must know he was the guy's only connection. I think he was even questioned at one point. He doesn't flinch. \"And what would this be?\" \"There are similarities in the victims; fellow employees, a potential sexual motive and taking place at the same time of year. There's a pattern.\" \"How exactly do you think I can help you with this?\" He's really starting to piss me off. \"You can't be surprised to know that you're the only person McKnight had extended contact with. All his family is on the other side of the country and the security job was the longest he'd had. Maybe you've got something to say on the matter.\" \"Nothing.\" \"You didn't know anything about any criminal activity?\" Rob decided to use his words, finally. Sometimes I think all he's good for is looking intimidating. \"Like what? You think I made a habit of asking him if he'd snuffed anyone recently? We had more normal weekend plans than that.\" This is interesting, this we . Obviously a mistake. A slip-up and maybe a rare one. I try a different tack. \"You spent a lot of time with him?\" \"Define 'a lot'.\" He must realize that he's made a mistake but he stays smooth, like there's no way in hell he's acknowledging it. \"You associated with him on a regular basis? In your free time?\" \"I'm not convinced that I have to answer this. I'm not connected to the case you're working on now and criminal justice isn't my specialty but I know for a fact that it takes more than two incidences to be considered a pattern. If you don't mind, hell even if you do, I buried this-\" a wince creases his face, as if this means something, the first real emotion I've seen, \"a long time ago. And you're digging it up again. Unless you have any real reason for questioning me, I've got nothing else to say.\" It takes me a second to realize that I'm getting the bum's rush from a potential accomplice to murder and something starts to snap but I hold, steady, steady and spew something vaguely face-saving about further contact as necessary and leave like it's what I meant to do all along. The door's barely shut when Rob voices the overwhelming impression I'd maintained since I originally laid eyes on the suspect. \"Arrogant little prick, isn't he?\" Whatever he had to do with this, he's going to pay for it. It's been a few days of fruitless digging when Rob brings up the issue of the destroyed security tapes. \"We don't know what happened near the end but we do know how it ended, right?\" \"The testimony just specifies that that it was self-defense. Some kind of car accident-\" \"In a garage?\" \"A car chase, followed by a wreck, a fight and by the time the authorities got there, he was a hunk of burnt meat.\" \"The car didn't do that…\" \"She did. Who knows how, though. She confessed and I can't blame her for wanting to kill the sonovabitch. Got some kind of manslaughter pass, I'm guessing. Seeing as he was probably trying to kill her at the time.\" \"You remember, the other guy, he burned up his victims. Just fillet'd 'em –\" \"You know 'fillet' refers to boning, right? Like, de-boning?\" \"Fine, he grilled 'em then. Whatever. Question is, why?\" \"To get rid of them? This isn't a hard concept.\" \"He didn't reduce them to ash.\" \"There's nothing to suggest he was the brightest bulb. Maybe he was just trying to muddy their identities.\" \"It was a pretty visible murder, considering they were his coworkers. He wanted them to know it was an inside job, too, considering he did it on the clock.\" \"What are you saying?\" \"Maybe the fire was the cause of death. Maybe he's a 'twisted firestarter'.\" My eyes instinctively roll at the reference (Rob does the 'snarky cop' thing like he believes his life is an ongoing audition for CSI ) but he's got something. \"It would explain where the handcuffs came in. Maybe he got impaled upon by his own sword or some shit.\" \"Can you imagine if this fuck actually wanted to burn people alive? Shit, he deserved what he got.\" I'd say I can't help but agree but that would imply that agreeing actually bothers me. \"Causing pain was the motive. That and the girl.\" They will always be girls. Rape victims. No matter how old they are. \"We can only assume that the first set of murders involved rape.\" He says it like he's reading my mind and that's pretty good for someone I was never convinced had made it to a high school reading level. \"It's only reasonable. And it gives him another reason to burn the bodies. What else was he doing with her?\" He smiles a grimaced smile that makes me cringe. \"Who knows? Maybe he was just lonely.\" It took maybe a week to get Favreaux in for questioning. That's how long it took us to get our hands on the tapes. He looks as annoyed as ever, as if this was a gigantic annoyance perpetrated for the sheer purpose of irritating him. He has no idea what he's about to see. \"I told you already that I had nothing to do with this,\" more condescension then anger, as if he's speaking to a stubborn child. He sits in the flimsy chair like it's a throne, on arm on the plastic table, legs spread, feet flat on the floor, taking up all the space he possibly can. \"We've got something. Security camera footage.\" \"I wasn't there. The cameras should be able to tell you that, at least.\" \"That doesn't mean you weren't involved.\" \"Why are you opening this up after so long? Are the police finally ashamed of the way they swept it under the rug after it happened? It's too little, too late.\" \"We're considering a connection to a pre-existing cold case.\" Rob is staring at the guy like he's trying to figure him out. \"I know all about the case you're looking at and your connection is weak. Tom stopped working for that company a month before the murders took place. I didn't know him then but any idiot with his employment records could have figured it out.\" If he's doing research, he's worried. \"That's no indicator of anything. The place had bad to no security and it's entirely possible that he had copies of the keys. No one would have known. And someone matching his description was known for making advances towards Truman.\" \"They didn't have a name for him?\" He's questioning without asking. He's trying to prove a point and I hate to let him do it but there's nowhere else to go, verbally. Plus, he might spill something. \"It's not uncommon. It's shift work. Most of them didn't really know each other. None of them lasted long either.\" \"That doesn't mean that Tom's the guy. There must have been other people who sound enough like they look like him.\" He makes a wry, bitter smile. \"Tom has a tendency to run a little invisible.\" I don't know what that means but I don't like it. I go back to my original script. \"You were completely unaware of his intention to commit murder?\" \"Of course. I didn't know anything until after it happened.\" \"That's a little odd, don't you think? Your best friend?\" He looks angry for a second, but his face smoothes back into general irritation. He crosses his arms over his chest defensively. \"I guess we weren't as close as all that.\" \"The people you used to work with tell it different. He used to be in your office all the time…\" \"Doesn't mean I knew him any better than anyone else. Sometimes people just lose it. I couldn't see what he didn't show me.\" \"Or maybe he showed you a lot more than you're telling.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"Don't you think it sounds a little suspicious that he lived here for years and only had one contact, one friend?\" \"Maybe that's the reason he lost it.\" The pained smile is back. He is one cold fish. \"We've still seen nothing to suggest you didn't give him outside assistance or advice and there's no evidence at all to suggest you didn't participate in the first set of murders.\" \"Is \"I didn't\" not good enough? I didn't even know him back then.\" \"Can you prove that?\" He doesn't yield. \"I hate to poke a hole in your theory, but serial murderers generally go after the sex they're attracted to. Where do I fit in here?\" He is gay, then? Go figure. … \"Men were killed as well, you know that. And there's nothing to suggest that the murders were sexually charged, unless you wanted them to be.\" He winced. Good, I've got something. \"You could have easily taken out his other victims while he worked on her. Maybe that's why he failed the second time, because you weren't helping him.\" \"He failed because it was the first time. How often is it, really, that victims manage to kill their abductors? You can't tell me you think he was some kind of mastermind.\" \"You have a lot of opinions for someone who wasn't there.\" \"I know him. At least, I thought I did. He was a spaz but he wasn't Hannibal. Besides what do you think I would have gotten out of helping him, if it was some kind of serial thing?\" \"You would have gotten him, maybe,\" Rob chimes in, \"There's a lot of these type of murders that go unsolved. Maybe you two were some kind of modern day Johnny and Clyde. Some kind of messed-up sexual thing.\" His face hardens. \"No.\" He's glaring daggers, maybe bullets and it looks like he's about to start spitting obscenities when he swallows and calm, firm words are released instead, in a tone that says he's used to people listening to him. \"I wasn't there. I wasn't involved. It's been almost 11 goddamn years but I could still find people who could tell you where I was and what I was doing that night, and the night of the other murder too. I can't make you believe them or me but you know for a fact that you have no evidence and no case.\" \"We've got something though.\" \"Oh, and what's that?\" \"You mind watching something for us?\" I could swear he turns milk-white for a second when we tell him about the tapes but he nods, shrinks in the chair a little while sitting up straighter and pushes his legs together, crossed arms turning into more of a self-hug as he watches. He watches their first interaction, McKnight and Bridges. A faint smile with something like fondness stretches his tight mouth just a bit. He flinches as McKnight knocks the girl out, fidgets and grimaces through the dinner with an awkward not quite smile emerging every so often, clearly because of something McKnight did. That's not unheard of; we've had nervous smilers and laughers who were perfectly innocent—these things aren't easy to watch and the mind rebels a little bit. While McKnight is giving her 'the present', Favreaux murmurs something that sounds like \"you idiot\". His eyes flash with alarm when McKnight hits the television screen. When it comes to the murder itself, his eyes are glued to the screen, panicked like he wants to look away but can't. His fingers twitch, move to the sides of the chair like he needs to grasp something but can't. He flinches in time with the blows and when the car hits the body he raises his hand like he wants to cover his face but stops too low, making a face of disgust as the man's organs hit the ground. He watches the car drive out of the parking lot like he's riveted. I switch off the TV and he's still staring. \"He looks happy.\" The words sound strangled, like he's trying hard to get them out. \"What was that?\" \"He looks really happy.\" Favreaux looks suddenly diminished in chair, as if the hour or so he's been sitting there has drained the entire ego out of him. His confidence is gone and he's still staring; forlorn, sad and a little scared. Everything about him has made my skin prickle with irritation but the pissy, arrogant man is gone and the only thing in his place is a hurting child and I'm suddenly very sure that whatever else is wrong with him, he had nothing to do with this. \"You're free to go. We've got nothing else for you. Thanks for your time.\" I'm still not apologizing to the twerp. Rob pulls me off to the side. \"We've still got one more tape.\" I try to burn Favreaux's haunted eyes out of my mind. \"Does he look like he understands any of this to you? I guess he was telling the truth.\" \"Fine.\" Favreaux shuffles out without speaking or looking up and I half wonder what's going to happen to him. Rob looks at me like he expects me to know what to do now. We'll have to go back to the shipping place, talk to everyone again. There's got to be someone who could help us find out who our guy was. Strangely, that's no longer the question that's concerning me right now. I get my answer not a few days later when I go out to have a drink at some little place where they play loud music softly and people don't bother each other. There he is, table in the corner, his attitude and moodiness surrounding the entire thing like the proverbial personal bubble. I decide to take a risk and pop it. He doesn't even notice me. \"Evening.\" \"Detective Dixon.\" He tries to hide the surprise in his voice, \"This isn't a cop bar.\" \"It's not. You think we're all contained to certain places?\" \"You should be,\" He takes a sip out of his surprisingly full drink. \"I understand that what we did was harsh but we needed to. I'm…I'm sorry.\" \"'We were only following orders' is a pretty famous sentiment, detective.\" \"You're not seriously implying that we're Nazis, are you? You must realize how that situation looked.\" \"How it 'looked' doesn't matter. Even rent-a-cops like you are aware of circumstantial evidence.\" \"People make mistakes.\" Why am I explaining myself to him? \"They sure do. Ask Tom.\" \"What?\" \"Nothing.\" \"Like you're so high and mighty. I know what you do for a living. You're a corporate lawyer, mergers and acquisitions. What do you do all day, find air-tight ways to bully and screw people out of their businesses?\" He looks down at the table self-consciously, and I realize how uncommon it is to see him expressing a feeling that isn't anger. \"Not anymore. I did, for a while, but now I'm internal. Hirings and firings, stuff like that. Made the switch a year ago.\" He raises the glass that he hasn't been drinking from since I sat down in mockery of a toast. \"You changed jobs after…\" I don't need to finish that sentence, \"You have to realize that looked suspicious.\" I'm not really pleading my case anymore. I'm just looking for words to say. \"It reminded me of him.\" He says simply, and I don't ask further. His phone breaks the silence with a quick, obnoxious beep. He checks it, smiles slightly, and turns it off. \"This person from work. He worries.\" His mouth twists ironically, like this means something I'm not getting. It fades as quickly as it came and he switches gears again. \"I can't help you with your case. The only stuff I know about it is the stuff I need to know and given what Tom managed to do right under my nose, I'm pretty sure I shouldn't claim to be an expert on that one either-\" He fixes me with a straightforward stare and I realize that he has bags under his eyes I don't remember from the first time I saw him. He's supposed to be hovering somewhere around forty but he's got the kind of face that makes it hard to tell, though it's marked with a bit of stress; neither forever old or forever young, just somewhere in between as if it decided to stay at one arbitrary point in time for the rest of his life. His entire face seems permanently shaped with a discomforting seriousness that never changed even when he was mocking me earlier. It's not authoritative, the look in his eyes, but I wouldn't think of looking away. There's no angle, no attitude, just honest confession. And I would know. \"-but know some things about Tom. Like you said, we were friends for a while and I think, I know…Tom was a murderer…Tom was a murderer, but he wasn't a killer.\" He pauses, like he thinks I'm going to say something, and then realizes that I'm not. \"He did it, he committed the act, I know that for sure now,\" He laughs bitterly, \"But killing's something you do often, out of habit; a drive, a passion for causing pain. And that wasn't Tom. As much time as I've spent thinking about it, I think I can tell you that the first and last time he killed someone was December 24, 2006. Tom was my best friend. He loved animals and crappy jokes and sometimes if you said something he didn't like he'd get this stupid, dopey look on his face like he was gonna cry unless you took it back. He was also a murderer. After it happened, that's all I could see every time I closed my eyes and sometimes without closing them. How he did it, why he did it, what it really meant. And now I've seen it, more or less, and now I know…he didn't become a monster or a raving lunatic. Still just Tom, with something inside a little bit broke. I still don't know why, really. And I couldn't even save him-\" his voice cracked a little \"-it took eleven long years but now I know.\" I don't know what to say. \"I'm sorry. I'm boring you.\" The bitter smile's back. \"No, you're not. You're hurting and it's difficult and I'm not good at this. We don't pick up the pieces.\" \"You can say that again. It's okay; I'm not so good at that either, apparently, the comfort thing. Obviously.\" I can only guess what he's talking about. \"It's not your-\" He holds up a hand. \"You don't believe that and I don't need to hear it. I don't want sympathy, I just…I don't know what I want. I want something I guess it wasn't possible to have. But thanks, honestly. Now I know and that's better than nothing.\" He looks into his glass. \"I'm not gonna enjoy this now. Not that I was anyway. You mind if I go?\" I can't do anything but nod. \"Thanks.\" I watch him leave, thinking of all the things I said to him. Realizing how rarely I've thought of the people left behind. I can't help him. I can't help any of them. But maybe I can solve this case. I drain my glass and think about tomorrow. ","Summary":" \"Hey, Janet, Janet!\" Rob tends to take on the appearance of a hyper squirrel when he's excited, t"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"No Hope of Recovery","Author":"Jersey Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7949193","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Another story and quick too. Actually, that's a lie. Was working on this one before I even started the one with Karl. Anyway, though these two stories complimented each other in a way. A switching of roles sort of. Tom's being pissy as usual. Kasey's a little, fish-loving, college student I made up, and I love him despite the fact that he's kinda creepy and annoying. Anyway, lets get this thing going. \"Gee…you look angry. Are you angry?\" Tom flicked his attention up from the book he'd been staring at for quite some time, not even reading it though reading was one of the few things he was still allowed to do. He'd heard the voice before, but he had never seen its owner, which surprised him and struck him as odd. He'd made a point of recognizing those that shared the wing with him. Shared his fate. Not so much out of curiosity but as a defense. He was surprised to find himself looking up at someone he could have sworn was no more than a kid, or at least a bit younger than he was. He had been fairly certain that he was the youngest in the wing and was a bit unnerved to find that he was wrong. It wasn't so much the age thing as the having missed something. What else didn't he know? The kid still had the eager look of youth on his face, which was something Tom hadn't seen in a long time. Fancied that he must have had it at some point before all of this. Usually these walls had a way of stripping all the life out of a person, both patients and staff. Why should this guy be any different? \"Well, are ya?\" the boy, couldn't call him a man, asked insistently, blinking much too green eyes that distracted Tom further. \"Man…you're real quiet.\" \"Maybe you're just too loud.\" Tom placed the old book down, not even remembering its name and gave the kid a look that screamed 'fuck off'. However, the other must not have picked up on it, or had chosen to ignore it, for he laughed, taking a seat beside Tom on the stiff, industrial, cushions of the couch that until now Tom had been occupying himself, the boy taking the time to cross his legs and dig his elbows deep into his thighs. He tilted his head curiously, and Tom snorted, creasing his brow as he stared at the other. \"Don't you have other things to do?\" Tom asked though he already knew the answer. In a place like this, in any place like this, there was nothing better to do. Nothing one had to do apart from take their meds on time, allow themselves to be assessed periodically, keep quiet at night, and quietly slip into a different kind of psychosis than the one they had been placed in here for. Irony oozed from every last inch of the building, colored like sickness, and the smell of it made Tom sick to his stomach more often than he'd like to remember. The bathroom had gotten quite familiar with his insides. In fact he was about to excuse himself due to the mounting nausea he felt in his gut when the boy's voice cut the silence to ribbons and caused Tom to push his sickness back down. \"Yeah, of course I've got better things to do, but I don't want to. I don't have to. Kinda the only charming thing about this place. I don't want to do anything, but I do want to talk to you.\" The boy's smile widened, and the tilt of his head became more apparent. Tom recoiled visibly at the bluntness, even more so as he wondered if it was that kind of bluntness that he had. Wondered if his initial reaction was the same feeling he gave other people. No wonder the world tended to avoid him or found ways to make their minimal interactions with him brief. He was struck with childhood memories of overhearing adults speaking of him in hushed tones they thought he couldn't understand, repeatedly encountering the phrase \"that boy ain't right\". He felt his tongue press up against his cheek as he stared back at the kid who was still looking at him expectantly as if his words warranted some kind of proper response. Tom poked his cheek, forcing his tongue back in place and shrugged. \"No one wants to talk to me. I don't see why you'd be any different,\" Tom said dully. \"And I'm never in the mood for pity. Given by fellow patients or by the inept staff. It's all the same.\" He could have sworn his eyes had glazed over as he spoke, remembering, or at least trying to remember, the days when he would have been absolutely enthralled to have someone pity him. Now, he just didn't have the energy to care about that sort of thing. He lived in an infinite loop. Any change would set the whole thing out of balance, so there was no sense messing with the way things were. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Tom turned his face to the floor, not wanting to answer, but the kid just wouldn't let up. \"I never said I pitied you either. You assume everyone pities you?\" Tom let out a sharp laugh and shook his head. \"No, if people pitied me my life would be so much better than this. Trust me on that.\" The boy appeared to think a little too long on Tom's words, causing him to bristle defensively as the boy squinted his eyes and wrinkled his nose. He looked like he was trying to decipher some kind of ancient and complicated code. Tom wanted to tell him that it wasn't nearly as complicated as he was making it out to be, but his tongue was searching his teeth idly, and he didn't want to disturb it. \"My name's Kasey. What's yours?\" the boy asked suddenly, or rather, Kasey asked suddenly. \"Tom.\" His name came out quickly and somehow squished despite its length or lack there of. He bit down on his tongue, but he was too slow to catch the word before it left his mouth. Why had he said it like that? Why had he given it up so easily to someone he hardly knew? Stupid kid with a stupid name. Made him feel at unthreatened, a bit at ease. Much too close to feeling \"safe\". Safe enough to just blurt out things and talk, heaven forbid, like a normal person. Small talk and all its nitpicky rules. Tom didn't like it one little bit, and he felt his agitation rise within him the more he thought about it. He picked up his book again and dug his fingers as hard as he could into the binding. Maybe if it yielded to him he'd feel better, but the cover barely flexed. \"I like that name. I've got a brother named Tom, you know. I doubt you're a lot like him though.\" Tom picked up his head, mildly interested and trying not to look overly enthralled with the conversation. Still, it was something to do despite the fact that it was irritating. \"I dunno…maybe I'm wrong.\" Kasey leaned back as if he was taking everything, assessing and preparing a proper answer to a question that hadn't even been asked. \"I think you're interesting.\" \"And your brother's not interesting?\" Tom asked still looking up at the boy. \"No, it's not that. He's interesting, but not in the same way.\" \"Yeah, if he was interesting like me he'd be in here,\" Tom replied sharply, and Kasey visibly drooped, and the man regretted his flippancy. \"Sorry…\" he apologized quietly, his pride not quite ready to go all out with the \"feeling\" thing. \"Nah, it's true,\" Kasey sigh still looking wilted. \"I guess that's just another thing my brother and I don't have in common. One of many things…He doesn't overreact to anything.\" \"Ah, you can't be that bad…\" Tom frowned, voice low as he did his best to sound what he thought to be comforting, unsure of how his flip in mood had come about. Oh well, his moodiness wasn't news. Something about this kid being younger drew up remnant feelings of protectiveness. He wasn't all that old himself, but this guy, Kasey, was just a kid. Tom imagined he probably had a lot of anxieties and awkwardness, a feeling of not quite belonging. Feelings Tom was all too familiar with, and he found himself sympathizing. He reached out slowly as if to pat the others shoulder, but he stopped before making contact, his hand hanging limply in the air. \"But I am,\" Kasey whimpered, shying away as if Tom had struck him. \"If I wasn't so bad I'd be like my brother. I wouldn't be in here trapped like a rat.\" \"So, why are you here?\" Tom asked without bothering to think on the appropriateness of the question. Kasey's eyes widened for a second before drooping again, as if he'd wanted to be surprised by the question initially. Less so now it would seem. Even he wanted to avoid reality as much as he could despite his own eagerness to ask questions and to pry into the business of others. Tom would have thought him to be quite the hypocrite if he didn't know that he himself was no pillar of human decency or morality. He was something more akin to a ditch when it came to such matters. Any privilege of judging others had been stripped of him the moment he'd acted on his less than civil impulses. Still, as much as Tom wanted to speak and banish the silence to a far off corner, he could tell that Kasey had words in him yet. The boy's mouth was doing some interesting things like he was gasping for air as subtly as he could, and his fingers gripped and released his knees. \"I have anxieties. I don't do well under pressure.\" \"I don't get it,\" Tom replied, focusing his gaze. \"You do though,\" the boy insisted. \"That's why I wanted to talk to you so badly. You get it. Just trust me on that, ok?\" Tom nodded, but he still couldn't put it all together. A lot of people were anxious, some more so than others, but certainly that was no reason for that sort of thing to get him into this particular ward. Not by a long shot. Here they watched you like hawks. Couldn't close your door at all without someone asking you why, and you couldn't take a piss without someone monitoring you and timing you. All about efficiency and control. Kasey looked and sounded harmless. Of course, that could mean absolutely nothing, and Tom didn't need to think long to remember that fact. So, what'd he do? What unholy, inhuman, act had he performed? He couldn't just up and ask him. That method had already backfired. That wasn't how this boy's mind worked. As far as Tom could tell anyway. \"Alright, I get something,\" the older man offered, hoping to regain some of the boy's trust. \"Sometimes stuff just keeps pushing you. Pushing and pushing…\" \"Until you just can't take it anymore,\" Kasey concluded, his eyes glassy and far off. \"You get anxious and worried and impatient. You get to the point where you…you just gotta act. React in some way.\" \"Yeah…\" Tom tried to not sound overly eager, fearing that if he pushed too hard the other would clam up, but no matter how he tried he couldn't remove the pained curiosity from his face. \"See? I told you. You get it,\" Kasey grinned, face brightening up suddenly. Tom's curiosity faded, and he silently cursed the boy's good nature and upbeat tone. It was so much easier to pry into others' minds when they were down, when they were low. Perhaps it was manipulative, but Tom knew that was just the way he was. It was his nature, and while it was offensive to some it was quite the asset to him. Occasionally he'd feel bad, but today it would seem that his mood was leaning more toward amoral that usual. Oh well. He was a sociopath. It wasn't like this behavior was anything new. \"I only 'get' what you explain to me,\" Tom replied flatly. \"Explaining isn't something I'm all too good at.\" \"How can you know that if you haven't tried?\" Kasey's face became distant again, and he shook his head. \"I tried to explain. No one gets it, but…but you do. You get it. I get it. Why don't you understand that?\" \"I'd tell you that if I knew, but I'm not all the good at explaining either,\" Tom shrugged. \"Pity.\" Tom flinched at the coolness with which Kasey let his words drop, almost literally putting a chill in the air. An iciness that did not suit him covered the young man's face, and the blankness on his face made Tom bristle defensively. And that word…that word. Pity. Tom's nose wrinkled as it permeated the air with its arrogance. Who did this kid think he was to say something like that? Especially after Tom had told him about his feelings concerning it. Little shit probably used it on purpose. \"I've told you very little though, so I guess that's okay. I don't remember hearing anything about you being all that smart.\" The hairs on the back of Tom's neck stood on end, and his annoyance from earlier spit and kicked in his gut. To be talked down to such was something he'd thought was reserved for those other than his fellow patient. He expected that sort of tone from nurses, aids, doctors, and the like, but not from this kid. This punk-ass kid who came on friendly and turned out to be snarky and unpleasant. Tom's annoyance only grew as he realized just how familiar that behavior was. \"You guess?\" Tom sneered. \"You can question my intelligence all you want. I'm used to that, but you just have to guess don't you?\" The man half growled out a laugh. \"You can guess. You're allowed. You can figure and think, but me? No, I don't do those things. Not anymore. I know things like how I know you're a little prick who thinks he knows everything or at the very least thinks he knows more than I do. Fat chance.\" Tom smiled as Kasey shriveled. Clearly he'd struck some kind of nerve, and that had been his intent. \"I know your type. We can smell our own kind. So, who'd you kill, you creepy little fucker?\" \"I didn't kill anyone!\" Kasey blurted out, face red and voice strained. \"I-I couldn't kill anyone…I'm not that much like you…I just couldn't. I couldn't…\" he continued, turning his voice down to a whisper as a nurse shot him a dirty look. \"I didn't think I could kill anyone either,\" the other smirked, voice coming out as a cruel hiss, the smirk more like a baring of teeth in display. The poor sheep had thought himself to be one of the wolves. How very foolish of it to think it could pass undetected. \"Of course, we all know how that worked out. Besides, you're plenty like me. I understand don't I?\" Tom waved the book in his hand for emphasis, poised to go back to 'not reading' it now that he'd cracked Mr. Happy's defenses. \"I couldn't kill anyone else. I just wanted to kill myself…\" \"Huh?\" Tom's smile dissipated, giving way to confused understanding. He had heard that correctly, but something about it he just couldn't decipher. It made no sense, and the words sounded like gibberish in his head. \"I had a gun. They thought I was gonna try and shoot up one of my classes or something like that…\" Kasey explained, eyes trained on the ground. \"It was for me. The gun was for me, but my roommate walked in on me just staring at it…\" Tom's pride had left him having been swiftly kicked in the balls by guilt and the beginnings of shame. Damn, having human feelings could be such a pain in the ass, but the kid…Kasey…Tom's nausea returned as he watched him, and he pressed his hand to his stomach to settle it. \"They have to watch me. That's what they say. I'm a danger to myself and others. That's what they said. I'm a danger…those exact words.\" \"Kasey...\" Tom fumbled out. \"I…I'm sorry. I didn't mean-\" \"You meant it. I know you did,\" Kasey said without so much as a whimper of emotion. \"Yeah, well, I just…I got annoyed.\" \"I know.\" Kasey's eyes remained fixed on the floor, and Tom followed the stare. Right between his toes, his fingers rubbing against the cover of the book. \"It must suck getting so frustrated all the time.\" \"It does,\" Tom nodded, voice low. \"You understand, don't you?\" \"I do.\" Tom looked over at the boy who had looked away from the ground and met Tom's gaze. Tom opened his mouth, but all that came out was a strangled squeak that faded back into uncomfortable silence. What could he say? Was there ever anything to say? There was no social script for this kind of thing, and he'd never been good with them to begin with. On top of that, Tom knew he was too wrapped up in his own self-pity too much of the time to know how to react and deal properly with someone else's pain. He had trouble enough translating his own feelings into proper thought, let alone deciphering someone else's. So, why did he want to? \"It's really shitty.\" \"Yeah, it is,\" Kasey nodded. \"Being put away is no cure for it either. It's shit too, but at least there's people that understand, or at least are better suited to understand, around here, and we both know it's not the doctors and their pills.\" \"Yeah…what'd you want to do?\" \"Hm?\" \"Before all this, what'd you want to do?\" \"Fish.\" The young man paused and smiled. \"Marine biology. I like fish.\" As he elaborated his smile grew, his mood slowly improving. \"I'm not too fond of fish,\" Tom commented. \"They don't blink. It's freaky.\" \"Eh, just a little bit,\" Kasey laughed. \"What about you?\" \"Me?\" \"Yeah, you. Surely you must have wanted to do something. I figure this wasn't your goal. What'd you want to be?\" Tom bit his tongue and thought. No one had ever asked him that before. \"I wanted to be someone people would remember. Someone people would talk about.\" \"I think in that respect you succeeded,\" the boy teased. \"No,\" Tom shook his head. \"Give them time. They'll forget. They always do.\" \"Maybe you should give them a reason not to forget.\" \"I'll pass. I think I'm liking the idea of being forgotten…\" Tom leaned back on the couch, stretching against the almost unyielding cushion. \"Maybe then I'd get some peace of mind.\" \"Peace of mind sounds nice.\" \"Yeah, especially since recovery seems unlikely.\" \"Perhaps there's some recovery in being forgotten?\" Kasey asked, and Tom sat up, tapping the book against his chin in thought. \"Perhaps,\" he mused. \"But until then it's nice to have someone get it…\" \"Yeah,\" Kasey grinned, pausing momentarily before continuing. \"Told you so.\" \"Told me what?\" Tom asked, cocking a brow and sitting forward. \"That you understood. That you got it.\" \"I guess you are right about some things,\" Tom replied dryly though without malice. He watched closely as Kasey stared out across the room at its emotionless walls and zombie occupants. Tom lifted his hand as he had before, though last time he hadn't followed through with the gesture. Taking a deep breath he stretched out his arm, hand making contact with the young man's shoulder and sitting there between them and their silence. \"Thanks,\" Kasey smiled, his voice soft as appreciative. \"No problem,\" Tom said trying again at comfort, feeling his protectiveness returning to him. His discomfort still hung around, but at least now he understood why. He could understand Kasey for he felt the same way. The same anxiousness and discomfort, and it was strange to see a reflection of himself after so long of thinking himself to be somewhat rare. \"Might as well have understanding if nothing else,\" he added. \"Yeah,\" Kasey nodded. \"We may not get better, but at least we're not alone like we thought we were.\" \"Never have I heard truer words spoken,\" Tom laughed. \"Never before in my life.\" ","Summary":" Author's Note: Another story and quick too. Actually, that's a lie. Was working on this one before "},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"It's Strange","Author":"Jersey Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8071978","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: This is what happens when I should be studying. Just a quick something for you guys to look at while I'm busy with finals and packing to go home for the summer. Look! Tom thoughts! All for you! It's strange. Sitting here in the darkness, watching in the dark like some kind of animal. I suppose I should be used to spending my time watching in the darkness, but it's still bizarre no matter how much I try to convince myself that it isn't. Sitting awake in bed watching Jac sleep feels like some kind of weirdo blasphemy, and that's the strange part. You'd think that after over a year of…whatever this has been, is, that I'd be used to it, but I'm not. I'm not used to having someone where there used to be no one. It's really nice though. Don't misunderstand me. I like the closeness, almost crave it sometimes. Fuck, I do crave attention. The physical and the emotional closeness. So close that I could reach out and touch it. And I really could too. If I really wanted to. She's sleeping on her back, and I like that a lot. A whole lot. I know it's strange, but I just really like it. I like the trust in me it implies, and the view isn't bad either. Her stomach up to the sky, the city lights through the window making intricate shadows on her face, stomach, and breasts as if I were in some noir film…I reach out my hand to touch, but she stirs, and I think better of it, pulling my hand back to my body. But why? I'm allowed to do that aren't I? I'm allowed to touch, to investigate. Physical attraction is one thing, but being able act on it is another thing entirely. Something I'm still so peculiar about. Yeah, I like her boobs, her hair, her eyes, the way she kisses me on the cheek when I'm fussing over nothing and tells me that I'm being stupid. I am. But I suppose that last one can't exactly be called a purely physical thing can it? Weird things turn me on these days, and that's fucking frustrating. Reminds me of being a teenager, and just the thought of girls was enough to make me red in the face and awkward, but I guess I never completely grew out of that phase. Hell, I remember that stupid wedding that I met her at. A few jokes, some dancing, and a pretty face. Simple stimulation and nothing else. A purely physical reaction to a stimulus. The same thing you get from staring at the swimsuit edition of Sports Illustrated for long enough. If you're not careful you're gonna have to change your shorts. Even when I was a kid I didn't like the idea of that all too much. Maybe I was just weird. Maybe that's not even a \"maybe statement\". I really didn't like the damn thing even if it was attached to me. Unless I was taking a piss I'd ignore it as best I could, and I was mortified any time it decided to go against my wishes and revealed feelings I felt like hiding. It's no wonder I still get nervous about it. The evening I met her I had thoroughly convinced myself that it had been nothing but a Sports Illustrated reaction to the way she dressed and called me cute. Of course I had already beaten it into my brain with the assistance of society and medication that any such reaction to people on my part was something that my poor, frazzled, mind couldn't handle. The last time I'd felt the Sports Illustrated effect things had not panned out nearly as well as I'd hoped they would have. Feelings of that nature were far out of my favor, out of my depth. I'd wanted to stuff those feelings into a dark corner somewhere, and just forget about them. Convince myself that they didn't exist. I wasn't supposed to have them, see them, or experience them. I wasn't ready for so much stimulation, and there was always this ever-looming shame. The fear that I'll end up doing something I'll regret. The shame and the uncertainty persist even now…has it been almost three years since that night? Maybe less, but definitely more than two. The night I am obligated by society never to forget. Never to live past. Never to be forgiven for. Never to be seen as a person of value because of it. Even before then the idea of sex and sexuality had made me uncomfortable. I didn't even like my own dick as I've mentioned. How was I supposed to handle the fact that other people had similar urges and wants that I felt so strange about? Everyone was so in charge of it, and then there was me and my confusion. What was I going to do? Ask someone? Seek guidance? Of course not. How could I say anything? I was already different. Why should I have given anyone another reason to label me as odd? My obvious discomfort regarding such matters was something Jac used to tease me about, as nicely as one can be teased. It happens with much less frequency these days. She's so patient with me, and I can't imagine why. Dealing with my mood swings and my insecurities about just about everything in existence. My constant need to be reassured of my own worth. I always get so paranoid. Like I'm going to suddenly wake from a dream, or even worse that I'll do something that will make her turn away from me, hate me if she doesn't already. To have had something and to have done something stupid enough to lose it. I can feel my stomach tightening up at just the thought of it. I'm also paranoid because…well, to be completely honest I do have some strange scrap of vanity in me, but I do think my worries are warranted. Sometimes I just look like plain shit, and I know my attitude doesn't help. I'm skinny, pasty, sharp-toothed, and a little bit furry. And of course there's the one-eyed thing that is paired up with my occasionally lacking depth perception. Why would anyone go for that unless they were just humoring me? But of course she's always ready and strangely willing to tell me again and again that I stress and fixate far too much and that she really does think that I'm \"cute\", but I don't know. I wouldn't call whatever this look I have going as \"cute\". I think I scowl a bit too much for that, but perhaps that's just the misplaced and confused masculinity talking. My \"learning curve\", and Jac so nicely put it, when it came to sex also took a rather uncomfortable toll on my already unstable view of myself not only as a man, but also as a person of a certain age. My anxiety toward the act was yet another unfortunate remnant of my teenage awkwardness that had decided to tag along with me into adulthood. I just can't understand Jac's willingness to stick around as well and her ability to be so patient. I cannot force myself to comprehend the fact that she thinks that I'm…that I'm what? That I'm worth it? That I'm not a hopeless cause? A waste of time? I can't imagine what it's like to have to, to choose to, deal with me, so convinced of my own worthlessness. That and I have enough self-awareness to know that my first few attempts at sex were lackluster at best. Not exactly anything that would likely entice a potential partner into staying around unless they had a thing for disappointment, pain, and apologies. So many fucking apologies. I always come back to that element. The sexual one. My inability to think of it as what it is without having to have to keep myself from blushing and fumbling over my words is a testament to my immaturity and potentially my naivety. I have improved though, at least I think so anyway. Jac tells me that I have, and I have no reason to doubt what she tells me, and I would like to think I have a pretty good idea of what she thinks of my…abilities or whatever based on my own observations. I'm nervous but not unobservant. Still, my paranoia is consistent in its persistence. What if she is just humoring me? I mean…I like it. Hell, it's fucking fantastic on my end, but I don't know. I guess I just wish I was more romantic or more charming or something like that. Like in books. I'm terrified of my ideas of just what romantic is though. What I find to be good in theory and noble is never as good, if good at all, in practice. And don't even get me started on noble…I found that out in the hardest of ways. I do try to change things up from time to time, but apart from different locations I'm kind of a one trick pony. I want to be better. I want to be better because I know she puts up with me, and I just don't know what to do to show her I appreciate that. It makes my head spin. All these thoughts and insecurities brought on by a single person. A single person who is sleeping soundly as I sit here and try to unscramble the shit that occupies the empty spaces of my mind. Trying to make them coherent and sensible, assuming that it's even possible. Jackie is just sleeping, and man, I just want to touch her. I want to touch something solid so that I know this is real. I can analyze and speculate all I want, but what point is there to any of this if all of these feelings and thoughts are nothing but a stupid fantasy I've conjured up in my twisted head. I reach out my hand again, carefully, keeping it just above her skin so that I can feel the warmth that she's giving off, but I hover so that I don't touch the source. I am just so very afraid of shattering it because if it is a dream I'd like to keep on dreaming, at least for a little bit longer. It is one of the nicest dreams I've had in a very long time. Slowly I move my hand. Up her stomach, over her breasts, my hand hangs in the air, so close, and I can feel my face and ears warm up from nerves and a primitive need to touch that's rooted deep within my mind. So very, very close, and as my hand reaches her face my fingers graze her cheek, and I can't tell if it's accidental or affectionate. Accidentally affectionate? That'd be an accurate description if nothing else. Either way it felt nice, and I can see that she felt it, her eyes opening slowly. She's awake now, but I leave my hand where it is. \"Can't sleep?\" she asks, sleepily bringing her hand to touch mine lightly. I shake my head and mumble something, and she smiles up at me, rubbing her thumb across the back of my hand. \"You know, I think it'd be easier if you tried lying down. Just a thought.\" I try to frown, but it's no use. I'm not upset, just exhausted, and her advice is genuine. So I slide down until my head hits the pillow, and it's cool and smooth, and I feel my mind starting to become cloudy. \"Better?\" she asks. I nod as I stare up at the ceiling. \"Yeah, I was just sitting up and wondering about things. That's all really.\" \"Whenever you think it's never a 'that's all' situation,\" she yawns as she rolls over, resting her head on my chest, and there's something comforting in the weight I feel. Dreams don't have weight. They can't have weight because they aren't real. \"I know, but I mean it. Just couldn't sleep, promise.\" \"Alright, if you say so,\" she replies. She must be tired. That's what I figure anyway. Normally she wouldn't let me off the hook so easily. Then again, maybe she just trusts me enough. Maybe. Her fingers are tapping my stomach idly, and though it kind of tickles it feels nice. Skin to skin. Simple stimulation. Basic physical contact. Jac's soon back to sleep, breath warm and even against my skin, hand now limp on top of me. Comforting weight. My limbs feel leaden, and my mind seems quieter than it was before, but sleep still does not come despite how badly I want it to. The anxiety from before has started to dissipate though, much more subdued. No matter how much I agonize and ponder and be a general pain in the ass I still have someone here. I'm not perfect by any means, pretty fucked up really, but even so I managed to find someone who wants me in the way my young mind had fantasized about back in the days of fairytales and their stories of good, sir, knights and their fair maidens. The again, I realize that I must ask if it was I who did the finding or if the fact of the matter was that it was me that was found. I was not looking for anything, avoiding it to be completely honest. I had whole-heartedly accepted that I would never again be seen as a human being. I had given up that right the moment I had taken it away from others. I thought there was some kind of horrible mark on me almost like there had been on Cain. An off-putting stink that would warn others to \"keep away\". \"That thing is dangerous\". I thought that anyone would be able to sense it as keenly as I could. It was just a fact. And yet she hadn't taken heed of this obvious warning to the entire world. This horrible stink that no one could ignore. I was afraid that she couldn't possibly have noticed, that something had prevented her from noticing my mark. Who would have come to me willingly? Apparently there are just a few people in this world that would. Maybe I'm thinking too hard. Maybe Jac's right when she tells that I think too much. Maybe I should just count myself as extremely lucky that regardless of who found who, of what lead to all of this, that I have someone to rest her head on my chest, kiss my cheek, and to say my name in a million different ways. Isn't that really all I wanted to begin with? To feel wanted? I guess so, but the way all of this came to pass isn't at all what I had imaged back when I would lay on my back and daydream as the clouds floated overhead. It is nothing like the ideas I'd fancied when I still lived in the land of sunshine, vineyards, and discomfort. There is no white picket fence for me. There is no yard with a neat, little, house with flower boxes. No kids and a dog and a friendly mailman, but I really don't want to complain. I'm really not complaining. I don't even know if I want those things anymore. I merely think that it's interesting. That's all. The difference between my fantasies and my realities, something I've never been very good with. I pinch my arm just to be safe, and to my relief nothing changes save for a new soreness from having intentionally hurt myself. I'm here. This is real. Jac's real too, and she's sleeping so soundly, and that…that's just fantastic. I still can't say it's perfect, but shit, it's fantastic to have something in a space that once had nothing. Filled with words, actions, and reactions. I don't know what it is I'm trying to say. Assigning words to something that I've never had to describe. I guess I could say that I'm happy. ","Summary":" Author's Note: This is what happens when I should be studying. Just a quick something for you guys "},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"The New Guy","Author":"Jersey Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7937729","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Been working on this for a bit. Decided to get some stuff done involving Karl because Karl is cool like that. Umm...yeah, not much else to say. Obviously pre-movie and stuff. Enjoy. Karl didn't mind his job at the front desk. It wasn't exciting or anything, but it was constant and it helped pay the bills and keep his daughters and wife fed and happy. Occasionally though he had to admit that it was rather dull sitting around all night. Sometimes people would walk by and wave at him as they walked past the great, glass, doors, and he'd wave back figuring that anyone roaming at that time was either drunk or weary to the point of placidness. Possibly both. There really wasn't any harm in humoring them. Besides, it wasn't like any of them were going to get through locked doors. Yes, things were fairly constant and even, and that was how Karl liked it a good deal of the time. However, it always was interesting when someone new came onto the scene. Just recently the old parking attendant had left without any notice. Just stopped showing up, and they'd had a sub in for some time whose name Karl couldn't remember for the life of him. Still, Ernie, the superior, had informed him that they'd just hired a permanent guy, or at least they'd said a permanent guy. Karl never really believed those guys to be the permanent type. Not like him. He was constant like the work, and all these young guys they hired always seemed to move on fairly quickly. They couldn't handle the sameness. In all fairness, Karl knew he hadn't taken the time to get to know this new guy either and that judging him was likely to be impolite this early in the game, but he couldn't bring himself to go introduce himself to the new employee. It wasn't out of dislike, for it was hard to hate someone you knew next to nothing about. He simply wasn't interested. If they guy wanted to make himself known he would, and that was good enough for the front deskman. The night was creeping on by as it usually did, and Karl had set himself up to push through it, flipping through newspapers and magazines, occasionally doing a quick round before going back to entertaining himself. He was about to toss The Post out when he heard the opening and closing of one of the doors to the garage, and instinctively he tensed and turned, hand ready on the button to call the police, paper placed down on the desk. However, he found himself not face to face with an intruder but with a familiar uniform, though its wearer was foreign to him. Speak of the devil. Young, a kid, though not really. Just one of those 20-somethings Karl had seen come and go before with their unusual energy and anxiousness. They all had it. Must have been the new night guy they'd hired for the parking garage since he couldn't think of anyone else that'd still be around at this hour, and he certainly wasn't one of the office dwellers. The office dwellers had an entirely different air about them. Always one step higher than the security even if they weren't trying to be. That was just how the hierarchy worked. Perhaps it was harsh, but Karl's first thought was that the guy seemed quite adapted for the work for which he was hired. His skin looked like it hadn't seen the sun properly his entire life, and he had an alert though not quite all there look about him. Nostrils flared a bit as if he was taking in a scent and eyes the size of dinner plates, colored like one of the bright blue crayons his daughters had used to color the sky when they were little. Skinny, pasty, eyes that took in everything, and long fingers attached to hands that stuck out of the sleeves of his uniform. Good for switching lights on and off. He hardly looked imposing enough to be a guard, but looks could always deceive. Heaven knows those young guys are far more dangerous than they let on. I watch the news. In fact, Karl could have sworn he looked a bit like someone he'd seen on the news, but he figured it was nothing. \"You looking for something, kid?\" Karl asked, his tone not unfriendly but still hinting at patronizing. The new guy shifted back a bit, and Karl could see the beginnings of a grimace and decided to reword his question to be safe. \"You need something?\" \"Uh, yeah,\" the guy began, taking eager steps forward. Karl's grin faded slightly. This new guy had a different kind of energy, and he hadn't prepared himself for energy of any kind tonight. The guy didn't look much different up close, but the details were clearer. His eyes looking more focused and sharp teeth poking out slightly from a nervous smile. Karl found the sight mildly off-putting, but he kept the observations to himself. He was polite if nothing else. \"It's about the video system. Camera's work fine and all, but I just…I don't know. Normally, I'm really good with that kind of stuff, but I uh, think I messed something up. Pressed some button or something. I didn't mean to, but uh…now things are all messed up, and I was wondering if maybe you'd know how to fix it.\" God, this boy talked forever, using as many words possible it would seem to get across a simple problem. Could you try being a bit more vague? The guy clearly didn't understand the system completely and had pressed something he shouldn't have. It was a mistake Karl had encountered in the past and was growing quite tired of correcting, but this new guy's apparent tendency to ramble was particularly grating this evening. He was one of the wordy types, and Karl could feel his patience already starting to fray. \"Hmm…\" Karl interrupted, cutting through the stream of words that continued to come out of the rookie's mouth. \"I'll take a look at it.\" There was a brief pause as the new guy analyzed the more experienced man's words. Finally, he nodded and turned to head back down the stairs, which was a bit bizarre given that there was a perfectly good elevator. Whatever, Karl didn't feel the need to follow him. He knew where he was going, and either way they were getting to the same place. On the trip down as the elevator beeped, he allowed his mind to wander until he reached level P2 and stepped out into the brightly lit entrance. He was a bit surprised to see the new guy already waiting by the door for him. Guy must have sped down the stairs. \"I thought you'd never get here,\" the young man laughed as Karl opened the door and walked out into the garage itself. The man's words came off a bit strange, but the joke was there, and Karl humored him with a pleasant smile even if the joke had been done to death. \"I always make a point of taking the stairs. Don't really like elevators, you know? Not afraid or anything…just, I don't know. I like actually making an effort to do things. My legs work perfectly fine. Why not use them?\" \"Yeah, I can see that,\" Karl said not even taking the time to look back at the other. \"Not every one does,\" Tom nodded, following close behind his co-worker. \"Sorry about all this,\" he added, voice dropping a note. Karl simply waved his hand as he accepted his position as line-leader, walking toward the parking attendant office, ignoring the uncomfortable dampness of the garage and the footsteps that sounded like those in a cheap horror movie behind him. He could have sworn the place leaked its own strange liquid. It was always dripping somewhere. The office was still standing when he got to it, so Karl figured that whatever this guy had done that it couldn't be all that bad. No explosions. Not bad at all. It was a bit cluttered, but it always was. Nothing was on fire. That was a plus. Still, something didn't seem quite right, and he couldn't put his finger on it. That is until he heard a whimper that came from the other side of the office. Turning his head he spied a dog sitting on a blanket, panting and whining anxiously. Well, it was a puppy more so than a dog, but it was by no means small. \"Uh…\" \"Oh, sorry, that's my dog. You're not allergic are ya?\" \"No, but you shouldn't have pets here,\" Karl frowned, putting on his 'adult voice'. The guy frowned and scooped up the dog, holding it to him protectively. \"Well, I only got him a little bit ago, and well…I didn't feel right leaving him in my apartment all night by himself.\" Karl had to do a double take. New guy and his dog were making the same, pardon the expression, hangdog look. It was almost sickeningly endearing, and he had to look away. \"Alright, fair enough,\" Karl nodded. It was a valid enough point, and he couldn't see the harm in it. Sounded like something out of those 'caring for your pet' infomercials that occasionally came on TV. \"Just don't make it a habit or anything.\" \"I won't,\" the guy nodded, placing the puppy back down on the ground. It sniffed around the ground a bit before curling up on the blanket. \"Just until he gets a bit older. Promise.\" \"Good,\" Karl said, continuing the tone. \"Though, next time I suggest you keep him in a crate. The supervisor's not gonna be too keen on you keeping him here.\" He thought that would be the end of it, but an unfamiliar guttural sound caused him to turn back to the new guy, who was looking thoroughly beside himself. Karl wanted to roll his eyes, but something in the guy's stare made him think better of it. \"You want me to put him in a cage?\" Karl arched his brow, unsure of what to make of the sudden sharpness in the new guy's voice. \"I couldn't do that. No way…I couldn't do that. It'd be like a cell. That sort of thing drives animals crazy. He'd be so unhappy. Animals don't deserve stuff like that.\" \"Fine, fine, but he's not gonna crap everywhere is he? He house broken yet?\" \"Uh…not exactly.\" \"Not exactly?\" Karl asked sounding more than a little patronizing. \"Well, no, that's not what I meant. He's not going to, but I mean…he'll go if I take him out for a walk. Just…trust me. He does what I tell him. He's a good dog like that.\" He turned to the dog, the animal picking up its head. \"You'll be a good boy, won't you Rocky?\" The dog whined and yipped as if in response to the man's words, wiggling excitedly. The senior employee furrowed his brow. Whatever, Tarzan . He wasn't up for figuring out the exact workings of Dr. Dolittle's logic, so he turned back to the switchboard to tinker with it. Besides, if anything bad happened then it wasn't his problem. The supervisor would get pissed and then fire the guy. No skin off his nose. \"So, you're the new guy around here?\" he asked sounding the minimal amount of interested as he frowned, as a switch didn't do what it was supposed to. New guy hadn't been kidding. He really had done something. Usually that worked. \"Uh, yeah, uh huh. My name's Tom.\" \"Karl.\" \"Karl? Oh...you mean that's your name. Sorry,\" Tom laughed nervously, and Karl could feel those damn eyes watching him, taking in everything he did. He was his own security camera. He could see that the guy's dog, Rocky, was watching him too, panting and looking just as wide eyed and eager as his owner. \"So, what's that one do?\" Tom asked pointing a bony finger at the board. \"Switches from camera number 14 to camera 15,\" Karl explained flatly. This was stuff he should have been taught already. It wasn't his job to hold his hand and walk him through it all. You'd better believe I'm not going to hold your hand. This guy wasn't going to last long if he kept going at this pace. Karl felt briefly guilty at the passing thought that he wouldn't mind Tom getting fired going through his mind once more, but of course he didn't know him all that well, and it still seemed a bit…harsh. \"Oh, right…\" The other sounded deflated, likely feeling the same childhood disappointment of realizing you know the answer after you've handed in the test. So close. \"I knew that.\" He took a few steps closer, looming over the other, which shouldn't have been possible given their minimal difference in height. Karl could have sworn he could here his damn heartbeat or something like that. Something was beating quickly, and he realized his own heartbeat had quickened slightly. This guy was too close. Back it up. I'm not your friend just yet. \"Yeah, I know,\" he replied, moving closer to the desk and shoving some clutter to the side as he continued to flip switches and press buttons, but the system continued to be stubborn and uncooperative. He recognized a few familiar titles amongst a stack of books sitting on the other side of the desk. Stuff by the likes of Hemingway, Proust, and a few names he'd never seen before. \"I like to read,\" Tom said suddenly, obviously noticing Karl examining the pile of books. He sounded almost defensive. \"It's nice to imagine better…well, maybe not better, but…more interesting things, you know?\" \"Yeah, I suppose,\" Karl shrugged. Please don't get all 'philosophical' on me. I don't think I've got the attention span for it tonight. The silence persisted for a minute or two as Karl continued to mess with the system in hopes of messing in just the right way. Tom was still watching intently, and Karl heard the beginnings of words fade away as soon as the guy started. Despite himself, Karl was a bit curious as to what it was he had to say this time. \"You suppose?\" Tom finally asked with a sort of defeated hopefulness. \"I hate supposing. Seems kinda half-assed. If I'm gonna think something I might as well think it fully until proven otherwise,\" he concluded with what felt like firm conviction. Unwavering. Karl turned to look at his co-worker, frowning a bit at the sharky grin that had come over Tom's face. You smile like a damn psycho. Anyone ever tell you that? \"Makes sense,\" he replied evenly. Whatever had brought on that grin was something he not only was not in the mood to deal with, but something about it seemed dangerous. Something about it was suspect, and Tom didn't appear to have any intention of trying to cover it up. \"It does, doesn't it?\" Tom's face brightened suddenly, and Karl nodded again. Yeah, whatever you want. \"You know,\" Tom began again, his voice taking on a new confidence Karl hadn't expected to come out of what appeared to be the typical, shy, new guy. A holier than thou tone that made the hairs on the back of his neck stick up. \"It's nice to have someone who 'gets it' occasionally. Not everyone seems to get it …\" Karl hardly heard him, his mind focused on the system. What on Earth was up with it? \"I think I have an idea,\" Tom continued as he stepped over to the switchboard, his presence causing Karl to move out of the way without being told. Somehow he ended up standing next to the dog who had at some point decided to sit back up, eyes trained forward, watching. Tom looked irritated as he scanned the switchboard, looking up at the monitors periodically. Carefully, Karl reached over to pat Rocky's head, but the pup didn't even flinch as he focused on his owner who looked equally focused. Spooky. Eventually, Tom moved back from the board looking devoid of emotion. \"All fixed,\" he finally grinned. \"Should be anyway.\" Karl gave the system a quick once over, and sure enough everything was back to its normal functional level. Funny, it was almost like Rookie knew exactly what the problem had been, but…nah, he was just being a bit paranoid. Really, who would mess up the system on purpose and then tell someone? Kinda defeated the purpose of a prank. \"Huh, guess you are pretty good with that stuff,\" Karl mused, his voice trailing off as he did. If you're so good, how come you didn't fix it before, smart-ass? He still couldn't shake his suspicion, but he knew better than to make them obvious. It was that danger aspect. New guy was just so…he didn't even know the word for it. What's another word for unsettling? \"Yeah, I guess so,\" Tom replied, voice flat and making the hairs on the back of Karl's neck stand up on end. However, as suddenly as the iciness had occurred it disappeared, and Tom was all smiles once more. \"Thanks a lot though,\" he laughed. \"I must seem like a real dunce, yeah?\" Karl shrugged. \"It happens. I'll let you off this time, newbie,\" he replied with forced jocularity that he hoped the other couldn't pick up on. \"Thanks,\" Tom nodded, his good humor remaining intact, and Karl felt unexpected nerves settle. \"So uh…I guess that's it then.\" \"You don't sound so sure.\" \"Nah, it's nothing. Say, I noticed you were reading The Post …I was wondering if when you're done with it I could see it? I mean, if you don't want to I get it, but I just was thinking instead of having to go out and get one I could just…read yours?\" Karl arched a skeptical brow. What good would it do you by then? He'd already forgotten the paper, and he hadn't even expected Tom to have noticed it in the first place. Well, he certainly had the observant part of the job down. \"Yeah, sure…\" he replied as he tried to drop the skepticism. \"Thanks!\" Tom grinned, tone peppier than Karl thought possible. He just nodded again and headed out of the office ignoring the whimpering of the dog on the floor and trying not to feel Tom's eyes scrutinizing the back of his head. Walking across the lot he tried to empty his mind of the complete and utter strangeness of the young man he was leaving as far behind as he could. Back up at his desk, Karl still couldn't get the feeling of being watched out of his head. He knew cameras were placed strategically about the building, but cameras couldn't do anything to you. It was the people who watched what the cameras captured that decided what to do, and though Karl knew he was just being paranoid, there was something about being watched by Tom that he just didn't like. There's just something about that boy… Still, it wasn't like the guy had even done anything apart from be mildly off putting and a bit too forward. What reason was there to be wary of him? There was none. Shaking his head, he decided a thorough round would get his mind off of things, of people, but instead whenever he passed a camera he felt the need to stare up at it even though he knew the cameras weren't even in the new guy's domain. If anyone was watching he wanted them to know he was watching back. Just in case. The night plodded on, and he completely forgot about the newspaper until he was getting ready to head home when his eyes fell on the folded up journal right where he'd left it hours before. Picking it up, Karl ran his fingers over the crease and wondered which would be worse. Giving Tom the paper now that his shift was over and risk his sure to be creepy brand of annoyance face to face or to just throw away the damn thing and lie to his face if he ever confronted him about it and have that judging stare on him…neither sounded preferable, especially with his mind messing with him. Maybe this all just meant he needed a vacation really badly. Very badly. New guys didn't bite. They were just new, and new meant only that. New. Not unfriendly. Hell, if anything they tended to be too friendly. Tom certainly fit into that category. Big smiles and bigger teeth. Karl decided to just suck it up and give the damn paper to his co-worker. If he was going to be annoyed he'd be annoyed. Karl's ability to care was waning, and he just wanted to go home. He was already halfway down the stairs by the time he realized he was taking them. Whatever, the stairs didn't belong to Tom. He could use them all he wanted. The lighting of the garage was still the same despite the early morning light that had started to creep in the lobby. It was almost like time stood still, completely cut off from the motion of the rest of the world. Karl supposed all garages were like this, but something about the idea of having to work in it suddenly struck him with a weird, unsettling, feeling. No wonder no one lasts down here very long. Karl gripped the newspaper in his hand, and continued on. It was just a stupid parking garage. Just cars and dampness. No mole people or other monsters. The worst thing one would find would be a rat. That was all. And maybe one \"off\" security guard. Karl shook his head. He was just dropping off a stupid newspaper. It was one of the least threatening things one could do. Up ahead he spied the office. The lights were on, but he couldn't see any signs of movement. Either Tom was out doing rounds or he'd decided to check out early. If Karl remembered correctly, the parking attendant shift ran a little longer than his own, maybe an hour or so more. He came upon the door and hesitated briefly before entering the space. However, despite the empty office he'd been expected his eyes rested on a dead asleep parking attendant slumped in his chair with a dog taking up his torso. The deskman tilted his head at the sight, a half smile causing one half of his face to scrunch up on one side. This was hardly an image that would confirm the suspicions he'd been having all evening. A monster? Hardly. Tom looked harmless, and so did his mutt. Karl walked over to the chair quietly and nudged the young man's shoulder with the folded newspaper, causing him to slowly come to. \"Hm?\" Tom mumbled, opening one eye and then the other. \"Napping on the job?\" Karl asked. For half a second worry flashed on Tom's face, but Karl shook his head. \"Don't worry about it. I won't tell.\" \"Thanks,\" Tom nodded, though his voice was still low and subdued from sleep. He moved a hand to the top of his dog's head, rubbing it idly. \"Rocky's not a very good alarm.\" The pup whined softly in his sleep as if in response. \"I see,\" Karl replied. \"This is for you,\" he continued, pushing the newspaper forward until Tom took it in his hand. He seemed to stare at it for a minute before remembering what it was. \"Oh, wow, I'd almost forgot…\" he said with some surprise. \"Thanks. I kinda thought you weren't gonna give it to me. I mean…not that you're not nice. It's just I…never mind. Thanks,\" Tom smiled, becoming more awake as he spoke. No annoyance, only gratitude could be heard in his voice. \"No problem.\" Karl had felt guilt prod his sides as the other spoke. New guy had been expecting to be forgotten. Even if he hardly knew him Karl couldn't help the all too human need to sympathize. \"Look, I gotta go. Try not to get into anymore trouble.\" \"I won't. You can trust me.\" \"Sure you'll be alright down here?\" There was a brief pause before Tom answered. \"Yeah, I'll be good. Promise. No more falling asleep.\" \"You'd better not be lying,\" Karl chided. \"I'm not,\" Tom replied, furrowing his brow, suddenly serious. At least he's confident. \"Good, because I don't want to have to cover your ass.\" \"You won't have to.\" Tom paused, straightening up as best he could without disturbing his dog who continued to sleep on. \"I'll be fine.\" Karl smiled as he turned to leave, but the farther he got away from the office the more his mind began to wander. The dark walls and the buzz of the lights. The complete and utter sameness of it all. The constant nature that he valued did not seem nearly as enticing down in the depths. This is what they subjected the new guy's too. Unchanging darkness. Tom had promised that he'd be fine, but somehow Karl felt inclined to doubt. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Been working on this for a bit. Decided to get some stuff done involving Karl becaus"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"Beach Craving","Author":"Jersey Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8315908","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Have some delightful beach adventures. Finished it before summer was over. Go me! Going on adventures to the shore with Faintly Falling gives me writing ideas. Today was one of those good days filled with all manner of natural wonders to flood the senses. Some man-made as well. Sand and water and sunshine, the smell of the ocean and junk food. Not to mention a pair of good friends to provide company and to drag me out into the salty abyss of the Atlantic. I'd been craving a day like this for ages. A day by the beach with the smell of seaweed. As much as the concrete jungle has become my home I still find myself drawn to the shore with its carefree nature and sensory punch. Waves and impromptu bands. Watching Sebs almost vomit as Tom downs all manner of boardwalk goodies like giant pizza and questionable hot dogs and getting globs of mushy, wet, sand to the face which quickly escalated to a full blown 'sand war\" with wrestling and other feats of strength. Occasionally stealing Tom away for a kiss and smiling at the fact that Sebs notices and doesn't care. He seems to even enjoy the stupid look that comes on Tom's face when he too realizes what's going on. I'll admit that it is pretty comical. Tom smelled like sun-block and the ocean, and somehow that's just all too attractive to me. Lucky for him the beach is a public place or I would have jumped his bones right then and there. Besides, sand is annoying and gets all kind of places. When that wasn't happening there was splashing around more than some kids, and giving lifeguards heart attacks is all a part of the fun. Sebs said Tom nearly drowned him ten times. Tom said it was more like five. Whoever's right, it doesn't matter. It was fun to watch from a distance. Was because the two dorks actually picked me up and took me to that water. It's always freezing when you first get in, or rather, when you're first forced in. I managed to dunk Tom a few times, but Sebs proved a bit too agile for my water maneuvering abilities. No matter how well he swims Tom will always look like a drowned rat, a title that he seems to be becoming rather fond of. Surprising if only slightly. I shouldn't complain about him being accepting of things. Tom learned that he doesn't like the quality of the sand here for sandcastle building purposes. Said it needed to be finer or less wet or something else. I just think he's not very good at making sandcastles. Even if that's true it's much easier to bury Sebs' legs when he's passed out in the sun anyway. It's not a sandcastle, but it's still really rewarding and much faster. The reactions to it were pretty priceless. When the beach itself was exhausted we took to the streets, covered up just enough to be presentable. Tom somehow managing jeans despite the heat. Sebs and I were sure to point it out to him, but he assured us that this was the sort of weather he grew up with. That we \"east coast types\" just couldn't handle it. We were in no position to argue with him though we did manage to wrangle him into his t-shirt as we got into town with its shops and people on corners playing a song on perfectly tuned instruments. Tom wanted to dance, but I said it was too hot for that nonsense. But Tom's persuasive, and by that I mean forceful. Managing to get me going for a second and even grabbing Sebs, who squirms like no other, and dipped him lower than you see on TV. Tom wanted to head back to the boardwalk and play some games after the shops were invaded, their knick-knacks stared at for long enough. Neither Sebs nor I could think of any reason why not. Of course that changed when the two of us were walking around with the spoils of Tom's success at carnival type games. You'd think by now we'd know better than to underestimate just what his brute strength is capable of. Personally, I would have settled for just one of the normal sized prizes, but I guess a giant tiger is something I could work into my décor. He offered to win Sebs something, but somehow Sebs convinced him otherwise. It's freakin' voodoo. I swear. I made friends with one of those \"robotic\" performers that was hanging around. The ones that make whistling noises and whirr. Moving stiffly to the amusement of the crowd. I got him to mess with Sebs who was a good sport about the whole thing. He's surprisingly good at mimicking robot movements. There's a joke in there somewhere, but I'll leave it to you to make it. I should have known better than to allow Tom to take on the challenge of the go-kart track, but in his defense he did get first place when all the laps were done. You'd think bumper cars would be different, but I keep forgetting that Tom has no resistance toward slamming into things. My back is going to be sore tomorrow. I just know it. The three of us settled on one coaster to ride, and no one vomited at the end. A celebratory funnel cake was in order for that, of course. Tom managed to eat one all by himself, and by some miracle he shared the second with us. I honestly don't know where he puts it all, the skinny bastard. His face was covered in powdered sugar by the end of it, and he would have stayed like that had I not intervened. Sebs helped too, but mostly because I threatened to have Tom rub his sticky, sugar, fingers all over him. We caused quite a scene, but hey, if anyone is going to cause a scene it's us. At least we're interesting more than annoying. Still, it was all just for a day, and Tom had already begun to fuss about how the sun made him itch like the pasty vampire he is. Sebs had been willing to call it quits as well. I didn't blame them. My feet were tired, and I could see that the leather of Tom's flip flops was starting to wear, but also Sebs was looking fatigued despite the coolness of evening that was coming on. I had to drive of course, but that's pretty much the only option. I don't trust Sebs' driving, no offense to him, and well, Tom can drive…just not legally. We packed everything up, and Tom volunteered to sit in the back with the tiger and his other spoils. Chewing happily on the straw of the second smoothie he'd weaseled me into buying him, clever bastard that he is. He kept fussing with the windows until I decided to just open then all. Fuel efficiency be damned, the wind felt great. Sebs complained about the sun being in his eyes for a minute or two, but we all figured that it was just leftover energy from the day escaping. If nothing else, why not complain? I had my own grievances about sand in my car that Tom responded to by wiping sandy feet across the floor. Sebs was no help, encouraged him even. Most effective tag team in the east. We blasted the radio for a bit, screaming more than singing and realizing just how few of the songs we actually remembered actually got played on most stations. Oh well, that's what stations devoted to certain decades are for. We rocked the shit out of the 80s and 90s station. Eventually, Tom konked out in the back, the tiger, who still needs a name, proving to be a most efficient pillow. The way he clung onto it you'd think Tom was convinced that it was trying to get away from him. Again, not surprising. Tom never likes anything to get away from him. Especially giant, stuffed, tigers it would seem. Sebs stayed awake for the drive and was good conversation when there were patches of particularly annoying traffic. By the time we got back Tom was back up again, and it had actually started to feel like evening time. What a change the city is. No sound of waves, and the sun gives way to the glowing, electric, lights of man. Home in a different way. Tom was feeling over eager as usual and practically grabbed everything out of the trunk himself. I certainly wasn't going to stop him. Less work for me, and I like watching him go up the stairs anyway. We have an elevator, but Tom's not big on them even on his best days. Sebs caught me watching and gave me a look that told me he knew what I was thinking. I smiled and told him to lay off. I can stare at Tom's ass all I want, and I will. Sebs doesn't have to know that. Well, he does know that, but he doesn't have to make a joke of it. Eh, whatever. I don't even really care. We're all friends, and if Sebs wants to tease me, why the hell not? Besides, I can always pull the \"you need to get laid\" card on him. Works practically every time. By the time the two of us got up the stairs and to my place Tom had already freed himself of his shirt and was washing sandy feet in the kitchen sink. There's really no point in reprimanding him for such actions anymore. It's just part of his \"charm\". Once everything's in its place I find the two dorks discussing how Tom's haircut makes him look like a twelve-year old, but I like it anyway. The shorter look for summer is a welcome change the general somewhat shaggy mop his likes to keep it at either out of comfort or laziness. Still, I kind of miss that fluff. I rubbed his head, and the hair easily moved back to some semblance of how it was though my \"ruffling\" was still apparent. Perfect. Whatever Tom's hair is doing I like to mess it up. Take that as you will. Sebs went on about Tom's gastronomic feats for a while, taking special note of the density of all the carbs and how Tom shouldn't be able to move. Eventually though, he headed out. Saying he was getting tired and that he was getting bored of Tom and I \"fucking with our eyes\", whatever that means. I hadn't noticed anything, but Sebs has a weird sense of humor like that. Still…maybe he had noticed something. Tom's giving me that look, and I know he's thinking about it. I kind of don't want to prove Sebs right, but then I remember the smell of sun-block and saltwater. I see the light off of amusement park rides on his face, and the tint of red on his skin from the sun. The music of the street corner band in my ears and the taste of funnel cake with copious amounts of sugar. I'm still at the beach, and I can feel the prickle stubble on Tom's face as he tells me a secret under the shade of the umbrella. An attack on my senses brought about only by a suggestion, a look, and man, it's a strong one. Back to the present, and Tom's still got that feel of beach on him. Face a little rough like the waves with eyes to match the cloudless sky. Heat coming off him from sunburn, smelling like seaweed and sweetness and every bit as enticing as a dance on the corner of a block. He kisses me, and I'm going to let him. After all, didn't I say I'd been craving some time at the beach? ","Summary":" Author's Note: Have some delightful beach adventures. Finished it before summer was over. Go me! Go"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"Interesting","Author":"Jersey Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7568441","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Just a quick little something I wrote to unwind between assignments. Decided to do some more Tom and Jackie related stuff because apparently I can't be depressing until it's officially Christmas time. Oh well...when I get in the mood to be depressing again you'll be sure to know. Until then, enjoy mildly thoughtful drabble. Jackie stretched her arms over her head enjoying the feeling of her muscles pulling after having not moved for hours. Last night's events were fresh in her mind, and she couldn't help but smile as she turned to look at the man who slumbered peacefully beside her on the bed. It made her happy to see Tom so contented, and the memories she had of him so angry, so confused, and so unsure of himself seemed like they were a lifetime ago. Through some twist of events she'd grown fonder of him than she'd ever thought she would, but she wasn't complaining. The feeling was mutual. Tom was her friend. Tom was more than that. He wasn't a boyfriend though. She really couldn't call him that. That title…it carried with it the implication of temporary. Boyfriends don't stay boyfriends forever. They usually became ex-boyfriends or husbands, no one stayed a boyfriend forever, but Tom…there just really wasn't a plan. Things were fine how they were. It worked. If other people couldn't grasp it, that was their problem. Still, that didn't exactly answer the question of what Tom was. Tom was…he was just…different. Tom was special. Anyone that took the time to get to know him would say the same thing of him for a list of possible reasons. Dark pasts didn't always produce eternally dark people. That was just an old, worn out, plot devise that everyone seemed to like these days. Dark past. Dark people. Lots and lots of pointless brooding. Fun for the whole family. She couldn't kid herself though. Jackie knew Tom well, or at least she liked to think she did. She knew of his moods and the darkness that he harbored deep within himself. Memories of a night she'd been told about but could never truly understand locked up somewhere in his mind. A topic he clammed up about no matter the situation. Still, there was just Tom. Tom, the all too human. The all too forward. The all too flawed. The person that slept beside her had all that in him, but somehow he had room enough within himself to also be loving and at times overtly caring. Most of the time it didn't seem like he could hurt a fly. Most of the time, but not always. How could it be that that painfully shy guy was the same man she knew in the nighttime with his secrets and his weird ways? He was different in the nighttime. More adept to it she supposed. It was only natural given his history but always a bit hard to deal with. He'd complained about how he disliked the darkness from time to time, but Tom always seemed calmer within the shade. Allowing it to hide him from the light that exposed him. It was confusing in a funny sort of way as long as one didn't try to think on it too long. Tom had a duality to him that was ever present. He had the proper name for it to. Tom, meaning twin. Maybe she was dealing with two entirely different people. She wouldn't be surprised. The way Tom switched between moods regularly was enough for one to think he had multiple personalities. No, just a mild case of manic-depressive personality disorder with a side order of schizophrenia. Nothing too bad … Still, flaws and all he was Tom. And what was Tom? Well, quite simply, Tom was just Tom. There was no getting around that fact. At least, as far as Jackie could tell there wasn't. He grew on you in his own way. Completely frustrating, undeniably dangerous, and painfully sweet in uneven rotation. Ups and downs more frequent than those of the average teen. Jackie shrugged the thoughts away. It was much too early to start delving into the endless shades of gray that made up the world. If she tried she knew she'd be thinking for ages. People much smarter that she had tried to figure out the world and gone crazy. No sense in taking an unnecessary risk. She rolled over onto her side, toward the bathroom, away from Tom. Maybe then she'd be able to clear her mind. \"What's the matter? I stink or something?\" \"Hm?\" Jackie replied, twisting the upper half of her body awkwardly in the process. Tom didn't look like he'd moved, but he was looking at her now, no longer asleep. \"You up already?\" \"Duh,\" he replied, emphasis heavy on the vowel and exaggeration on the word as a whole impossible to deny. \"Don't sound so surprised. You're up too.\" \"Yeah, but you're usually not,\" Jackie retorted. Someone has an attitude today . \"I half suspect you'd sleep forever sometimes if I didn't wake ya.\" Tom just shrugged, reaching out a hand to poke the woman's side, the gesture affectionate and teasing. \"Hey, if the system works it works.\" Tom paused, and Jackie took the opportunity to roll back over onto her other side to face him. \"Something on your mind? You always get a funny look on your face when you're thinking.\" she asked with a somewhat mocking tone. \"What do you do?\" Tom replied, apparently unphased by the innocent teasing he received. \"Huh? What do you mean?\" \"When you're awake and I'm not…what d'ya do? Anything I should know?\" \"I just think. Nothing special.\" \"What about?\" Jackie bit her cheek and leaned her head more into her pillow. \"Well…I was actually just thinking about you.\" \"About me?\" Tom sounded taken aback, his teeth slightly bared and his brows arched. \"Only good things I hope.\" The man's tone was delving into dangerous, and the woman new it would be best if she treaded lightly. \"Mostly,\" Jackie shrugged. \"What do you mean 'mostly', Jac?\" \"Oh, I dunno…nothing bad. I don't think bad things, just…interesting things. That's all. I think you're interesting.\" Tom didn't respond right away, and despite herself Jackie felt herself hold onto a breath as he stared blankly for what seemed entirely too long. Usually when he did that the wheels just kept on turning, but one could never tell in what direction because Tom gave no hints. \"That's good,\" he finally answered, his tone flat, whatever trouble that had been going on his mind seeming to have blown over. \"I like being thought about.\" \"Why's that?\" \"Once people stop thinking about you, you might as well not even exist.\" Jackie gave Tom a look. She didn't quite understand the point he was trying to make. \"The only thing that makes people matter is what other people think of them, what people remember of them. They say the only person whose opinion matters is your own, but I think that's bullshit. Being thought about by others means being remembered, and if you never made anyone remember you and think of you in life then when you go you might as well have not existed. Get it?\" \"I think so…\" Jackie replied. \"Kind of a depressing thought though…don't ya think?\" \"If there's one thing I know how to do it's be depressing,\" Tom grinned. It was lopsided and sarcastic, but that was just sort of how he smiled, and it made Jackie feel better. Maybe he was joking. Maybe he wasn't, but at least he was making some sort of effort in a positive direction. It was more that she could say for some of his other moods. If it had been one of those moods things would have gotten more than a little uncomfortable for all involved. \"I'd say that's a fair observation.\" \"I agree with you for agreeing with me.\" Tom's smile faded slightly, and his expression became generally less enthused. \"I'm still tired you know…\" \"Then go back to sleep, stupid.\" Tom stuck his tongue out for a moment, but before Jackie could reply he was out cold with a smug expression on his face. Whatever, he ' s allowed to win from time to time. Jackie pulled her legs up close to her body, momentarily craving warmth and casting a halfway longing glance at Tom who was essentially curled up in himself on top of the covers. Normally he was more inclined to share his warmth, but this morning it would seem he was feeling selfish. The woman looked down at herself and hugged her shoulders lightly. She hadn't been tired before, but watching Tom was making her sleepy. He slept so soundly it was contagious. Shaking her head and blinking a few times Jackie forced herself to sit up. If she fell back asleep now she'd never get up. And if that happened who would pester Tom to wake up and be a productive member of society? No one, and she was not ok with that. Still, the bathroom felt so far away, and it was fucking Saturday anyway. Whatever, the world could wait. Jackie lay back down on the bed and closed her eyes. She was more tired than she thought she was, and it didn't take long for her mind to start to go murky. How had she gotten to this place? This point? A lot of people would question the choices she'd made to get to where she was resting at that moment, next to a \"freak\", but she didn't give much of damn. She had her friends, and they had her. Fuck the rest. Jackie moved closer to Tom, taking as much warmth as she could get and closed her eyes. Interesting. All he is really is interesting. Interesting and then some. And whoever said that interesting was bad? ","Summary":" Author's Note: Just a quick little something I wrote to unwind between assignments. Decided to do s"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"Warmth","Author":"Faintly Falling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7841358","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This was something I wrote for myself on Christmas but since it's cold, wet, and sad where I am right now, I decided today was a good day to bring these feelings back out again. Sebs pulled his coast tighter. It sure as hell wasn't warm out today, no, that was for certain. Never was this time of year. The air was icy and it could chill to the bone at this particular moment, even for someone who'd long grown used to the cold. It was the perpetually wet kind of weather that could never decide whether it wanted to be snow or rain and so settled on an unpleasant compromise that resembled neither. Sebs watched his foot make an impression in the slush, self-consciously raising it so as not to destroy the perfectly ugly footprint of crisp shoe lines in the marbled mush. It seemed he had not been imbued by the cold with a desire to move the way his fellow pedestrians had. They seemed pushed ever forward by an invisible whip, a manic spurt of energy that allowed them to single-mindedly pursue their goal, destination: 'inside' without hesitation. Rather, the cold seemed to be draining his willpower and motivation from him, leaving him moving in slow-motion while everyone else buzzed around him like ants. And besides, what was the point of trying to escape the cold. Sebs knew that you couldn't escape the cold. The most you were doing was shutting it out. Knew that even if he gone home and locked his door, sealed his windows tight and cranked the heat up as high as it could go…wrapped himself in the warmest blanket he owned and covered himself so no skin was exposed, he'd still be cold. The cold was always there waiting, just waiting, to sting your thin, weak skin, to freeze your feeble throat and lungs and needle your soft, vulnerable eyes. The only way to get rid of the cold is when it damn well chooses to go away on its own. No one else quite understands how cold can burn like fire, how ice can be harder than steel and leagues stronger. More binding. His eyes had been trained to the ground but he caught the familiar flash of red in his periphery, heard a ringing bell. He reflexively dug in his pocket for some bills and change, duly and dully dropped them in the bucket for the charity solicitor; archetypal Santa suit and beard and words he couldn't hear. It is Christmas, after all. The peak of the Christmas season and people were rushing around him, arms laden with shopping bags. The city was lit up like the proverbial Christmas tree, the perpetually moist weather making the softening the yellow glow and making the world look like watercolors a second away from running. Fuzzy and blurry like a Van Gogh painting with none of the mirth. Those paintings Van Gogh was really known for were only objects, environments. Rarely people. It was as if he knew that a place could hold and trap feelings more than any human face. That a river could tell you all about the people who lived near it without you ever needing to see them. He drove his heel through the slush, suddenly choosing to obliterate the footprints he had made as he watched a woman's children cling to her, all of them good-naturedly shouting to be heard over the din of the street. This was the time of year when everyone had a purpose. A predetermined period marked by very specific missions, as if a whole year's worthlessness could be redeemed by two months of parties, two days of presents and constant talk of 'goodwill' that never seemed to come into effect. The mucky precipitation started coming down harder, globs of freezing shit falling on his head and coat, threatening to enter the pockets where his hands were taking refuge. He's long given up thoughts of how much he hated this weather, said it made him feel drained and miserable and dreary like he was never going to be happy again. How much it made him miss the sun and the green hills and the trees and the smell of grape fields in the summer. How much he hated being cold, couldn't tolerate cold weather even though at times he seemed to produce insane levels of body heat at odds with his usually bloodless hands. He'd given up these thoughts but they'd come all the same. Mercifully, he'd found himself by, then in his building and out of the damn near literal shit-storm as it started to worsen. He trudged upstairs; if there were any other people in the lobby or the hallway, he didn't see them. He entered his apartment, same as always, barely taking note of the HAPPY HOLIDAYS! flyer printed on green computer paper taped next to his door. Someone had placed them at strategic points throughout the hallway. Besides it being against building policy (he was pretty sure), the fact that anyone had the patience or interest to do such a thing was beyond him. Did this poor sap actually think people gave a damn? Was he or she delusional enough to think that some piece of paper would actually make a difference in someone's day? That it would do little more than distract them? Or, god forbid, somehow make them happy? He considered, for a moment, going back out and ripping it off the wall, just for spite. But that requires caring and he doesn't do that any more, does he? He dropped to his couch, only thinking of the way he used to complain about it being not warm, plush, cozy enough. The way he would whine about it being too slick and without character, demanding the warmest blanket in order to be comfortable and promptly wadding himself up in it in a way that didn't seem like it should be possible for a man of almost six feet. It was a damn big blanket, and warm, and his apartment was as cold as ever despite the heating that he knew was on. But Sebs really didn't have the patience for comfort right now. His eyes sought out the small pile of gifts in the corner and his stomach turned uncomfortably. They'd been sitting there since yesterday's unpleasant… \"conversation\"… and he hadn't the heart to move them. Her words of rejection were forcing their way into his ears, his traitorous mind trying to bring them back up like vomit. \" I'm afraid of you, really…\" Their fight had gone from would-be civil and evasive to explosive very quickly and it was all Sebs could do not to become so fucking angry all over again. He needed to get rid of them, though, the presents. He'd wanted the kids to have them, after all. And he sure as hell didn't want to look at them anymore. He considered mailing them, a suitable enough act of passive aggression. Or leaving them on her doorstep with the requisite bag of flaming dog shit. The thought warmed him temporarily, though he knew it wasn't exactly conducive to improving the situation. Merry Christmas to you too, sis. He tries to clear his mind, sink into the sofa, maybe watch whatever garbage is on TV but his mind rounds yet again on the reason for the fight, the mood, the whole damn mess that his life had become. Screw Jesus, Tom is the reason for the season. He couldn't escape the accusatory, nagging thoughts of what he was doing this time last year while his friend had been confined to the concrete hole he'd hated like nothing else. Work, though he could barely believe it now. The job that meant so much to him that he was still balls-deep in it the next day, while most normal people were spending time with their families. The thoughts grew more insistent, increasingly morbid. What was he doing while Tom (fucking Tom , of all people. After all this time it was still hard to really understand) was out murdering people? Banging away on his precious laptop, no doubt. Or, god forbid, sleeping. While Tom burned, Sebs was sleeping. The sound of the buzzer startled him out of suffocating hold of his thoughts. Who the hell wanted to buzz him? If she wants him to apologize, she's about to be extremely disappointed. If she wants to apologize to him, well, he'll burn that bridge when he comes to it. He dragged himself off the couch and connected to the intercom system. \"Hello?\" Why bother with formalities? She knew who she was calling. \"Hi. Um.\" It wasn't Blanche. It wasn't even female. \"Who's calling?\" \"I'm here for your neighbor.\" \"Then call her. Goodnight.\" The last thing he needs is to get involved with someone's domestic drama. \"No! Wait. I need to leave something for her. She's my friend. It's Christmas…\" \"I know what day it is. Leave it at the desk.\" \"There's no one at the desk, that's why I'm calling you. Besides, it needs to be there when she gets home. I want her to find it.\" Jesus, at this point he can only imagine something in the realm of a decapitated animal. \"People in this building steal. If you leave it outside her door, you'll lose it.\" He's not sure if people in this building steal and he's pretty sure most of them they never have but he doesn't need the weight of letting some potential killer or robber in the building on his conscience. \"You hold onto it, then.\" \"No.\" He said flatly. With his luck, it'd probably be a bomb. And anyway, he's had enough of people and their baggage. \"Have a heart.\" No. \"Come on,\" the guy practically whined, \"I'll deal with it if it gets stolen, you can watch me come in and leave, I just need to do this now, today, before I lose my nerve. Please. It's Christmas… \" \"Alright, alright. Fine.\" Sebs pulled on his coat and reluctantly headed downstairs. The hallway and the lobby were just as cold as the outside, if not (somehow) colder. He was despondent, not a masochist. When he made it to the bottom of the stairs, he saw some younger guy, maybe early twenties (must be) waving at him enthusiastically through the glass door. Sebs took his time getting there. \"So, where's the fire?\" The guy looked at him, confused. \"What's so damn urgent?\" \"Well, me and her, we've been friends for ever and I like her, I really like her, and what better day to tell her, Christmas Eve and all…\" \"You've seen too many Christmas movies, kid.\" \"I want to do it now because I want her think about it, I want her to be sure. And if she is sure…I want her…to kiss meatmidnightthisyear. Finally.\" \"Well, good luck with that.\" \"So, can I put it by her door?\" 'It' seems to be a small-ish box, shoebox-sized but not shoebox proportions. He shook it gently, as if to make a point. There was a soft thud, maybe a smaller box and an envelope, a letter. \"Seems harmless enough,\" he used his condescending 'grownup' voice, the one he'd once thought he might use if he ever became a teacher of some kind. \"I'm warning you now, though; if there's something in that box that shouldn't be there, something that will get either of us in trouble, this lobby has cameras. Good ones. They'll know exactly what you look like. They'll know what I look like too, but intercom conversations are recorded and they'll know that I had nothing to do with it. And don't even try to deny it: perjury can get you jail time. You're absolutely sure there's nothing dangerous or hurtful or in any way inappropriate in that box?\" The kid paled, but shook his head 'no'. \"I promise. It's just about her and me. I don't wanna hurt her.\" \"Nothing she might perceive as inappropriate?\" The kid flushed, his face becoming set. \"If she does, I'm willing to own it.\" \"Brave. I wish you luck.\" The kid eyed him suspiciously. \"I'm still following you up there and seeing you out. After you.\" It was a decent performance, he thought, his best in some time. Tom would have been proud. He regretted the thought almost immediately, not knowing where it had come from. \"Are you married?\" The kid asked, warily making his way up the stairs. Ha . \"No.\" \"Girlfriend?\" \"Why you ask?\" \"I want to know what it's like, being an adult, an adult's relationship. I can't wait to be an adult, an actual adult.\" \"Why? Honestly, why?\" \"There's so much uncertainty when you're young. Everyone thinks you're a kid and you spend all your time waiting for those things you're 'supposed' to do. Your youth is supposed to be the best time of your life and you can't even enjoy it. To find your soul mate, someone who you'll spend the rest of your life with…I want the rest of my life to start as soon as it can.\" \"You're talking about your life like it's some kind of separate entity. You don't get it: you're living your life. I know it's a cliché but don't be in such a hurry to grow up, there's nothing waiting for you.\" Nothing but loneliness and death. \"You're an adult.\" \"I'm not that old, kid.\" \"But you are an adult?\" \"I guess so.\" \"So, you must know more than you did when you were my age?\" \"I know that it's Christmas Eve, as you keep so graciously reminding me, and that you ask too many questions.\" They reached his neighbor's apparent doorway. The kid looked at the gift for a long moment before almost reverently placing it on her doorstep. \"You finished?\" The kid nodded and Sebs followed him back down the steps. \"There's gotta be something good about being an adult…\" He didn't know when to quit. \"What are the good things about the age you are now? Your accomplishments, the things that make you happy, the people around you. There's nothing else. Only as you get older, those things start to go away. You lose things and people. And you expect something to replace them, something to fill the hole and it doesn't. And you have to make it work with what you have and you cling to the things you think you have…\" He realized that his words had nowhere to go. The kid remained silent the rest of the way down the stairs and Sebs found himself following him to the door, though he could've remained at the foot of the stairs. \"Thanks. For letting me in.\" Sebs felt his stomach twinge with uncomfortable weight of his previous statements. \"It's fine. Not a problem.\" The kid started to leave and was on the sidewalk before Sebs opened the door again. \"Hey…I hope everything works out for you. Honestly.\" And he meant it. \"Thanks.\" The kid smiled a little, shuffled away. Sebs went back inside; feeling the slightest brush against his legs as he did so, though when he looked down he saw nothing. When he entered the lobby he saw one lone resident preparing to go upstairs, and a pair of big, green, eyes. At floor level. \"What the-?\" \"Mrowr.\" Said the cat. \"Hey,\" Sebs turned to call to the only other person he'd seen. \"You forgot your cat.\" The guy'd disappeared already. Right. Normal people take the elevator. He realized how absurd the thought had been; people didn't just take their cats out like they do their dogs. And those who did were generally pretty clear about it. \"You came from outside, kitty.\" That cat merely stared at him, refusing to confirm or deny. The cat had short black hair-fur- and the most vague frosting of white around the top of his eyes and down his nose, his whiskers nearly white, which Sebs hadn't thought was possible. The cat flicked his tail impatiently. He was a little wet but didn't look too much the worse for the weather. He was lithe but not scrawny and had a longish body for a cat, as far as Sebs could tell. \"Somebody's been taking care of you, kitty. You belong to someone.\" Sebs knelt down and extended a hand for the cat to sniff. Cat obliged, then nuzzled his hand, running the edge of his mouth on the side of Sebs' finger. Upon closer inspection, Sebs couldn't find a collar or anything of the like. He supposed the cat could have been micro chipped, since apparently people were doing that now, but if that was the case than it should be easy for the cat's owners to reclaim him. Sebs opened the door. \"Scat, cat.\" The cat blinked. \"Come on, kitty. You know you have a home somewhere. They need you back.\" The cat lowered itself to the floor and rolled on its back. \"So you are a boy-cat. Good to know.\" A few people were starting to enter the lobby and looking at Sebs curiously. He was undaunted, though he did lower his voice a bit. \"Whasamatter, too wet outside for you?\" The cat looked up at him, little cat paws folded over his chest like a praying mantis and goddamn that was cute . \"I'm sorry, cat. If you won't cooperate with me, I have nothing else to say to you.\" Sebs turned and quicker than a flash he felt something warm and soft rubbing against his calf, heard loud persistent purring. \"Fine. Fine. You can stay here, I guess.\" As if he'd heard him, the cat darted up the stairs and waiting at the top, watching him impatiently, tail ticking from side to side. Someone giggled. \"You shouldn't let your cat downstairs,\" said the young woman it had come from, \"he seems to have a mind of his own.\" \"He's not my-\" \"MWROWR!\" the cat cried insistently from the top step. \"I'm coming, I'm coming. You're an impatient thing.\" When Sebs reached the top of the stairs, the cat obediently waited to see where Sebs would go, following close behind. Sebs unlocked the door and sure enough the cat shimmied his way in. He sprinted through the living room and hopped up onto Sebs' kitchen table. \"Down.\" The cat obeyed. \"I'm guessing you want food, then.\" Blink. \"Okay…\" Sebs dug in his cabinets for canned tuna, which would have to do for now. He also extracted a small dish, some small glass vaguely fancy-looking ice cream dish that he'd found in the apartment when he'd moved in. Tom used to call it the 'Petri dish', would make fun of how fruity it looked. It was the perfect size for one large scoop of ice cream. Or a small can of tuna. He set them both on the counter, pushing to one side the gift bag containing the crystal…thing he'd gotten for his mother. The cat watched him; he'd have to say no other way but hungrily, as he transferred the contents of the can into the bowl. He set it on the floor triumphantly and the cat attacked it almost immediately. The cat seemed content to have eaten half of it, sat back on his haunches and licked his… do cats have lips ? The cat started purring, loudly and insistently. \"I'm glad you like it.\" He headed into the living room, somehow expecting the cat to follow. It did. \"I shouldn't let you stay in my house, you know,\" he said, only half joking, \"You could have some kind of disease. Some funky kitty flu. The cat put his tail straight in the air, offended, and stalked off in the opposite direction. 'Fine, be that way' it seemed to say. It couldn't actually say anything. Because it was a fucking cat. Sebs decided he was done for the day and retreated to his bedroom, all pretense of being a functioning human being exhausted. He changed and sat on top of his bed, welcoming the potential for sleep. The cat appeared in the doorway. \"Everywhere I turn, you're there. Slithering like a goddamn snake. Snake. Jake the snake…\" The cat, Jake, merely tilted his head. \"I shouldn't let you stay here tonight without a litter box. You'll piss and shit all over the place. Won't you?\" \"Mwrow.\" \"I'll deal with it in the morning. Try to foul up the bathtub, if you must.\" Blink. \"Goodnight.\" Sebs burrowed under his covers, nearly hissing at the coolness of the sheets. Fabric should always be warm, he thought. It just didn't seem fair that the double-crossing things should be both soft and completely incapable of comforting properly. Sebs had managed to fall into, not sleep, but at least a comfortable haze, when a warm, sudden weight dropped on his stomach. \"-the hell? Cat.\" It was indeed. \"Jake?\" The cat purred as if in answer. \"What are you doing?\" Jake nuzzled his hand, licked his fingers lightly with his sandpaper tongue. \"You're not going anywhere, are you?\" Jake curled himself into a ball and refused to 'answer' any further. Sebs settled himself, head sinking into soft pillow. Oh well. At least he's warm. ","Summary":" This was something I wrote for myself on Christmas but since it's cold, wet, and sad where I am rig"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"The Gas","Author":"Faintly Falling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8517733","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This got deleted because of my cursing in the summary, and honestly that's probably something I should have noticed myself, so I'm putting it back up instead of proceeding with this one-person pity party. \"The attempt at introspective analysis in these cases is in fact like seizing a spinning top to catch its motion, or trying to turn up the gas quickly enough to see how the darkness looks... \" -pg 224, James,W. (1890) The Principles of Psychology, London; MacMillan Sometimes he liked coming here. He could sit among the patrons and feel normal, like he belonged with them. He would sit at his little table for hours and just watch the people around him. Thomas would imagine what their stories were; what they did for fun, what kind of background they came from, if they had husbands or wives or kids. That was what normal people did, right? Got married, made homes with people, shared themselves with another person? Thomas wasn't sure he could ever do that, not that anyone had ever let him get close enough to have the chance. If it was a good day, he could eliminate his loneliness for a few hours just by being around other people. However, if it were a bad day, being in public would only make him feel his own isolation further. He would feel shut off and disconnected from the other people, angry with them for being able to be so functional and just part of everything. He would get more and more frustrated until he was drowning in a sea of ohGodwhycan'tIjustahh and had to get away from everyone, running into the bathroom or leaving entirely, flustered and angry, wandering the streets until his mind cleared (or numbed itself) and he found his way back to his home. Today was one of those days. Thomas fidgeted under the little tabletop, crossing and uncrossing his legs. He was too tall for his feet to sit comfortably on the rungs of the chair, the unusually high chair, but not tall enough for his feet to hit the floor. Why did these things have to be such an awkward height? Bar stool style, he thought they might be called. They were nice-looking, he supposed; the tall narrowness, along with the domed, exposed-framework ceiling gave the impression of the room being open and lofty. He didn't like it. He felt too small, insignificant; like a little kid trying to hang out with the grown-ups. He preferred smaller seats, tables he could hunch over. He was attempting it now, of course but he looked ridiculous, he could feel it. He drummed his fingers on the laminate of the tabletop. It was too cold, almost greasy. He winced and pulled his hand away. He tried to put it in his pocket but it felt uncomfortable since he was sitting. He rested it on his thigh but his fingers wanted to grip something. Finally he wrapped it around his cup of hot chocolate, joining his other hand. Tom always got hot chocolate. Coffee was for night, those long nights in that dark, damp hell when he had to stay awake or else. Sometimes he thought about trying something else; the vanilla stuff always smelled nice and so did the Chai tea but he could never change his pattern. Every once in awhile he'd try to order something different but would chicken out at the last minute. He felt the same way about the pastries, even though they did have interesting names. In fact, the only reason he ever ordered anything was to avoid seeming ' you know, weird .' Hot chocolate was a fairly neutral drink, always tasted fine even if it was bad, which this wasn't. It was thick and chocolaty, not watery or too-sweet sludge, no dregs or powder-mud at the bottom. It might have actually been made from real melted chocolate. There was also a boost in it that might have been some kind of spice (paprika? That's what they put in this type of stuff, right?). Pretentious. At least it made him warm (and he was cold an awful lot these days). He ran his fingers over the coffee cup, enjoying the artificial smoothness of the body and the rough ridges of the sleeve. He glances at the top. A certain barista, when she's there, draws him a smiley face in the center of the lid. He knows it's her; he's been here when she wasn't working and none of the other ones do it. He's seen her draw it, too. It's probably not just him, though. She probably does it for everyone so they'll think she's friendlier and give her tips. He looks at the center of the lid; the smiley face was there. She was there. He hadn't even noticed. He's not sure how long he's been there, minutes or hours, when he abruptly gets up, suddenly needing to not sit any more. The coffee shop's a little busier than usual, he's busy watching, and when he stands, he stands before he steps down and feels the sharp smack of glass and metal on skin and bone, banging his head on the low-hanging lamp. \"DAMMIT!\" As if on cue, everyone stares; that blank unyielding stare that comes when you've disturbed the peace of the unspoken agreement to pretend like you don't exist in a public place. He stumbled, turning to face the chair, holding his head with one hand and trying to climb down. He banged his knee on the leg of the chair; he was able to keep his cursing to himself this time, his only release was a sharp hiss following the initial impact. To his relief, his feet finally touched the nicely tiled, cheaply assembled floor. On closer examination the floor wasn't tile but very realistic looking laminate. Fake, of course. He kept his eyes trained to the ground, ignoring the eyes he could feel on him. Thomas shuffled into the line with vague ideas of replenishing his drink. He wasn't necessarily craving it but he didn't want to go home and he needed something to do. He raised his eyes a little higher, surveying the backs and hands of the people around him. The woman in front of him was interesting. Dressy clothes; fitted and probably expensive. Hair burned stylishly straight. Her manicured hands held the remote and keys to an SUV, which meant she probably had kids. This was quitting time for normal people which meant that she was on her way home from her high-powered job and had stopped in this lower east side coffee shop either with her kids on the way home or on the way to get them from school. She's impatient, jingling her keys and shifting her weight, needing to get wherever she's going. She checks the time on her silver watch and when her arm falls limply back to her side the watch falls down closer to her thumb and Tom sees the little pink lotus tattoo on the underside of her wrist that it was concealing. He thinks that at some point she must have been a very different type of woman than the SUV-driving, child-raising, suit-wearing variety. She's wearing a wedding ring but it's banged up, dented and tarnished, incongruous with the rest of her appearance. The thought made him sad. He took notice of the man in front of the woman. Professor-type, bad sweater and all. In his forties but already balding. He's checking stocks on his smart phone, getting more and more annoyed with each scroll. The man's pants were frayed and were rubbing thin in places, though they were easy to see as high quality. The pattern was some ugly checkerboard thing and Tom found himself wondering why people willingly paid for clothes that they knew were garish. The guy was periodically, compulsively flipping the bills in his pocket, probably checking to see if he had enough. Thomas' eyes wandered over to one of the tables near the counter. There was a girl, maybe high school or college age, long black hair shrouding her shoulders, dark eyes, dark clothes, white face the only contrast. She had a book in front of her, probably for class, but she wasn't reading it. She was scrolling through her phone and alternately glancing outside, glaring at it moodily. A sketchpad sat in front of her, adjacent to the book, long ago abandoned, but it looked like it held the beginnings of the tree visible through the window. She looked like she was getting frustrated. Tom empathized. He suddenly found himself at the head of the queue, face to face with Smiley Face Cup Girl. She smiles. \"The usual, hon?\" Don't call me hon , he wanted to say, I'm probably older than you are. But he didn't. Couldn't. She flashes him another smile before she starts to prepare the drink. She has big teeth. One of the smaller teeth near her canine sticks out at a weird angle. Most people probably wouldn't notice but Tom isn't most people. Big teeth in a big mouth that takes up most of her small, heart-shaped face. She has a too-sharp, slightly upturned nose, at odds with the softness of her face, and nut-brown almond-shaped eyes that peer out from under too-long bangs of murky brown hair with badly kept-up hi-lights. Her hair was thin and straight and pulled up in a plastic clip in that way women do when they want to look like some medium between formal and casual. Her skin had the unfortunate quality of being tinged with just a bit too much pink. She was probably pretty, Tom thought. He wasn't sure. Tom wasn't sure about a lot of things anymore. He wasn't sure when he had started feeling this overwhelming loneliness or when he had starting feeling so separated from everyone else. It seemed like he could either observe people or see them, never both at the same time. He's not sure why he's becoming more and more critical of everyone around him, why more often than not people inspire feelings of disgust and hatred rather than the joy or amusement or mutual respect they used to cause. Tom's not sure why he's becoming fascinated by this one woman who works in the building he works in…for… he thinks about her more and more. Sometimes when he's by himself he thinks about her, wonders what she's doing now, what she thinks about. Sometimes he'll find himself doing or thinking something stupid and wonders, what she'd say, how she'd react to it. He wonders what he'd say to her if they ever had a real conversation. Part of it's the job; he knows that. The job is driving him crazy. Long hours in the dark with no-one else around. Tom's always hated the dark. Sometimes he's half-assedly wished for a break-in or an emergency just so there'd be something to do. Not too long ago that thought might have bothered him. Now he was pretty sure he no longer cared. Even if he knew he could get another job, Tom didn't think he would quit. It's almost not worth the effort. Tom doubts he could interact with co-workers, or anyone, in a reasonable way anymore. He brought his attention back to Smiley Face Cup Girl again. She probably has some old-fashioned, overtly feminine name like Sue or Cathy. He sneaks a glance at her nametag when she straightens up. Jessica. He's wrong again. \"$3.79, Hon.\" He was pretty hadn't been in the mood to find his wallet since he was only going to a few streets away. He had mostly quarters and dimes, with one single dollar bill. Whatever. It was still money. She smiled again and he felt uncomfortable and smiled back, though it probably looked more like a grimace. He determinedly puts money in her tip jar, churning the rest of the quarters out his pocket, making eye contact the entire time. \"Thanks!\" She squeaks. She's one of those unfortunate individuals who'll be cursed with a little girl voice well into old age. Tom nods, words sticking in his throat. He should say something, he knows that. That would be the normal thing to do. He keeps staring at her, just a bit too long, finally saying, \"No problem.\" He moved awkwardly away from the counter, hot chocolate in hand. The combination of the muted earth tones of sage and umber, on the walls and annoying dim lighting was making him feel drowsy and stupid. The next thing he felt was the unusual collision of flesh on flesh and he felt himself become wet with a burning hot substance. \"Goddamn…Jesus…fuck!\" Thomas heard a low, angry male voice scream. He saw, standing opposite him, a well-dressed man with strawberry blonde hair, a few inches shorter than himself, wearing an ugly scarf around his neck and a petite girl with hair dyed an obnoxious shade of bloody crimson on his arm. He was also covered in most of Tom's hot chocolate. Thomas looked down at himself and realized that the warm wetness was the sweetly sharp, pungent smelling stuff from Ugly Scarf Guy's cup. \"The hell, man? This was a new shirt!\" The guy was definitely spattered but Tom looked worse, most of his torso covered. The thick and heavy cheap cotton of his shirt has gotten stiffer and more uncomfortable with the moisture. Tom had worn his uniform, since he wasn't sure how long he'd be out and he didn't want to risk needing to catch the train and not having his work clothes. He was, of course, wearing his jacket over his nametag. He didn't want to look like a weirdo. \"I'm sorry.\" Tom mumbled, embarrassed. \"People these days, I swear,\" Ugly Scarf Guy ranted without listening as he mopped his shirtfront with a napkin his girlfriend, who looked thoroughly scandalized, had handed him. \"Why would you even do that to someone else?\" he continued, irate. He moved in close to Tom, sticking a finger in his chest. He had one of those irritatingly symmetrical faces. The guy was lean but athletic and the poke actually hurt. \"Don't you pay attention to anything? You're just one of those people who has no respect for anybody. Thanks for ruining my day and my shirt, asshole.\" Tom just stood there, hopelessly silent. He wanted to say something. His mind was running over with things like It's not my fault you dick or you could have watched where you were going or shut the fuck up before I make you but he couldn't say any of them, gaping helplessly, hoping something would come out. Ugly Scarf Guy literally turned on his heel (it was the first time Thomas had ever seen someone actually do that outside of a novel) and stomped towards the other side of the shop, his scarlet-haired, unmoved girlfriend in tow, nodding along to his angry, low-pitched monologue. Thomas was frozen to the spot, slowly feeling Ugly Scarf Guy's sickly sweet latte cool and stick to his skin. He couldn't do anything but stare, blindsided by the accident and by his own paralysis. Everyone was staring at him, he knew it. Smiley Face Cup Girl extended her hand from behind the counter, like she'd be putting it on his shoulder if she could. \"Don't mind him, Hon. It's not your fault.\" Tom ignored her and started to shuffle for the door. He moved to throw out the rest of his hot chocolate and noticed a slowly melting iceberg of whipped cream floating in it. The fact that she would put whipped cream in it without asking, even though he's never requested it (doesn't want it), suddenly irked him. He never speaks up, not even for stupid things. The idea suddenly inflamed him. He got more and more agitated as the full injustice of Ugly Scarf Guy hit him fully. The angry words kept replaying, ad nauseum in his mind. Who was this asshole to humiliate, judge him in front of everyone? He marched back to the side that Ugly Scarf Guy had retreated to and saw him sitting at a table by the far window, his girlfriend applying some kind of portable bleach treatment to his shirt. He was squirming uncomfortably every few seconds, telling her to 'watch it' apparently 'it's cold'. Tom stood in front of him, hoping that he looked formidable. Ugly Sweater Guy stared up at him. \"What?\" The fact that this man who, not five minutes ago had completely destroyed him verbally, was so nonchalant drove Thomas over the edge. He exploded. \"WHO THE HELL ARE YOU TO TELL ME WHAT KIND OF PERSON I AM?\" The coffee shop went silent. \"YOU DON'T KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT ME! BESIDES, I'M NOT THE INCONSIDERATE FUCKWAD WHO BLAMES THE OTHER PERSON FOR SOMETHING THAT WAS BOTH OUR FAULTS! MAYBE YOUR YUPPIE ASS AND YOUR PRISSY GIRLFRIEND ARE THE ONES THAT HAVE NO RESPECT FOR OTHER PEOPLE!\" Everyone was definitely staring now, he didn't have to look but he did. All he saw were eyes. Tom wasn't sure how he got out of the coffee shop or if he said anything else. He might have even let out a wordless scream at some point. He didn't know. He felt his face flush but the rest of him was a bitter icy cold that spread through his body furiously, internally, much stronger than the comparably slight chill of the fall weather. He's almost blind with anger, shoving through the crowds based on instinct and muscle memory alone, finding himself in his apartment before long. He paced around the living room before retiring to his clean but old (and just a bit too worn in) couch. He glanced at his contented dog sleeping across the room. There didn't seem to be an easy way out of this. This loneliness. The people in the coffee shop were discontented, every one of them but they all had a place and they knew it. Was that what Tom was supposed to do? Accept his place? Could he just stop being so critical and self-aware and just be ? Just be a security guard who has a meaningless job and no personal connections besides a dog? If he did that, would he find people, draw to him someone who could enjoy his company? He didn't know. But he couldn't give up, not after leaving everything he knew and coming all this way, convinced he could make a life. He wasn't going to be one of those who drown under the tide of everyday demands. He couldn't. He didn't know how, but he was gonna fix this. Thomas was, and had always been, nothing if not determined. ","Summary":" This got deleted because of my cursing in the summary, and honestly that's probably something I sho"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"Confession","Author":"Jersey Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8228926","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Not dead. Just lazy. Here, have a story I mean to finish ages ago while you (whoever you are...) wait for me to have a decent start on the chapter story. (Four chapters done. Or something...so far) But anyway, yeah, story time. Agitation. Nerves. Anxiety. The feelings whizzed around Tom's mind and body as he made laps around Sebs' coffee table. He dug his hands into the pockets of his sweatshirt and back out again, occasionally dragging his toes on the ground as he came to a stop, tapping the ground and sharply turned to walk around in a different direction. He'd been at it for quite some time now, not saying a word. \"You're going to wear a hole in my floor,\" Sebs commented from his spot against the wall. He'd been watching Tom quietly and curiously but hadn't known whether or not to say anything. Tom hadn't said anything was up, and for all he knew Tom was just waiting for something to come on TV. It was so hard to tell since Tom's emotions only had two settings, on or off. Gradation was just far too complex. \"I'm nervous,\" Tom whined as he brought his hands in close to his body as if the gesture would support him. \"I couldn't tell…\" \"Shut up, Sebs…\" \"Sorry.\" \"I was thinking I'd say something,\" Tom continued. \"You know…telling.\" Tom rubbed his arm anxiously as if he thought it wasn't going to be there from one second to the next, looking over to the wall and avoiding Sebs' gaze. Sebs couldn't decide what to say, and he knew a face would be pointless, so he just stood in silence hoping Tom would elaborate. Luckily, Tom was in one of his talkative moods. \"Jac still doesn't know about me…I want to tell her, but I really don't want to tell her. She's going to think I'm a freak. She's going to think I'm horrible. She's going to hate me, Sebs. She's going to hate me.\" Sebs frowned, the expression feeling strange on his face. \"But she already likes you, and she already knows you're kinda…weird, but in a good way,\" he offered, trying to sound hopeful though he really had no idea. People kept secrets, but murder and kidnap was a bit of a biggy when it came to such things, not to mention an extended stay in the loony bin. Yeah, that was generally stuff one told people. \"You've got that going for ya.\" \"Oh, great…I'm a delightfully crazy murderer. Why, I'm just the prime example of a human being. Fantastic.\" Tom's face went eerily stoic for a moment or two before giving it up, halting his pacing and flopping onto the couch, bowing his head and digging the heels of his hands into his forehead. \"I'm sorry…see? This is why people don't like me. I'm irritable and crazy and just generally unpleasant.\" \"So are most people,\" Sebs shrugged as he took a few steps toward the couch. \"You just had the balls to act on it.\" \"Thank you, Sebs. Your support of my insanity makes me feel so much better,\" Tom drawled. \"I know you're trying, but…people already hate me, but that's okay because I've stopped caring about them. I've stopped worrying about what they think, but I just can't…I can't have someone I actually think I like hate me. If you hated me for some reason Sebs…I just…I don't think I could take it.\" Tom was still staring at the ground, but he was tapping the sides of his head with his fingers and rolling one foot on the floor, his voice wavering, making Sebs tense up. Tom's mind was so calculated in its defenses but also incredibly sensitive, capable of breaking at the hands of its own system. \"I'd freak out, like really freak out…\" Tom continued his voice getting the uncomfortable pitchy to it. \"Tom,\" Sebs said firmly as he fought the urge to go up and shake his friend. \"Don't worry. I'm fine,\" Tom sighed, his voice becoming even again and his foot and hands ceasing motion. \"I'm just nervous. That's all. Am I allowed to be nervous?\" Sebs paused, wanting to say the right thing. It was worse than playing minesweeper, and this explosion would actually get you if you stumbled on a mine. \"Yeah, of course you're allowed. You're only human\" \"Painfully so, but thanks,\" Tom sighed, straightening up and pushing his hands up until his fingers were in his hair and he scratched his head idly seeming oddly…was placid the right word for it? Calm, detached…yeah, that seemed about right. He breathed out slowly, ruffling his own hair and seeming to enjoy it before letting his hands drop, his hair still sticking up a bit but slowly falling back. He made a groaning sound before he continued. \"I want her to like me, but I want to be honest because keeping it to myself whenever we're hanging out makes me feel sick. My stomach gets tight and I feel like my heart's swimming inside it, making it worse…I just want to make it stop.\" \"Then why don't you?\" Sebs offered. \"Tell her. She's bound to find out eventually.\" \"I hope it's that simple. I want it to be,\" Tom concluded, finally turning to look at Sebs, sounding uneasy though his face was blank. \"My plan is to just up and say it. No pretense. Just…go for it. Maybe she'll think it's cool or something.\" \"Cool isn't exactly the right word for it…\" \"I'm doomed aren't I?\" \"I didn't say that.\" \"I'm doomed. I like these odds,\" Tom said with a defeated shrug. \"Tom, I didn't say that,\" Sebs insisted. \"But you're thinking it.\" \"I am not.\" \"Prove it.\" \"How?\" Tom fell silent and slumped as he had no comeback, and whether he said it out loud or not he knew Sebs was telling the truth. At least what he thought was the truth. Tom just couldn't wrap his mind around it. He laid back on the couch and stared at the ceiling, finding patterns where there were none and weighing his options. To tell or not to tell? That was the question. The big, fucking, question. \"Sebs…I'm tired of being hated. Not even that…I'm just tired.\" Tom placed his arms over his face and blocked his view of the ceiling. \"I've taken more risks than I'd like to, and now…now, I'm asking myself to go out on a limb again. Present myself to someone else and most likely disappoint them. I'm a disappointment to the world. I don't want to be a disappointment to my friends.\" Sebs watched as Tom rolled over onto his side, burying his face into the couch, and could think of nothing right to say. Not even a single word of comfort. Everything he thought to say seemed so unnatural. So scripted. And he knew that Tom would hate that even more than silence. He just stared, keeping his distance. A few minutes passed, and Sebs had sat down on the other side of the room, when he heard it. A sound that made him pick up his head. \"I'm going to do this anyway aren't I?\" \"Yeah, you're predictable like that.\" \"I really need to stop being so fucking nice all the time,\" he said as he picked himself up off the couch, using as much effort as he could muster. \"Maybe tomorrow you can work on that.\" \"Tomorrow's not good for me.\" \"And never is any other day. Are you going to stop being lazy or am I going to have to throw you out?\" \"Nah, I'm going. Sebs…\" \"Yeah?\" \"Am I disappointing?\" \"Only when you want to be.\" \"Ok…I think I can deal with that.\" He walked there, ignoring the other people on the street as best he could with the occasional stares he drew given the condition of his face. It wasn't just the single eye, but he was certain he was also making some kind of pained face as he tried to ready himself in case things went poorly…and what if they did go poorly? What if she hated him? What if she felt betrayed? What if she yelled? What would he do then? What if he reacted badly without his consent? What if this was a doomed mission? He felt his stomach start to clench and tried to think of something else. Something to put him at ease and settle his nerves. Still, his mind would always round back on him, and it was a fairly considerable walk to Jackie's building. Plenty of time to cultivate a healthy patch of self-loathing. He counted steps and thought in hypotheticals, feeling his heart almost quivering in his chest. This was a doomed mission. He was almost certain of it, and yet he kept on going. What gave him this confidence? Maybe it wasn't much, but it was enough to keep him moving. The building came into focus, and for a second Tom's feet were lead until he managed to loosen them with a few chants of \"you can do this\". And could he? He hoped so. If not there really was no point. He had to at least try to tell. Maybe he'd be able to give himself a pat on the back for effort after all of this. Taking a breath he opened the door, and mercifully, his mind when into temporary autopilot. Up the stairs and down the hall, elevators seemed to complex at the moment, Tom stopped, brushing his fingers against the door as he contemplated what he intended on doing, mind returning to him. Maybe he should just turn around and go back to Sebs' place. Maybe he should lie about it all and not worry about it. Maybe, maybe, maybe…the more he thought it the worse he felt. Heart in his stomach and swimming around making it almost unbearable. \"Door's open.\" The voice on the other side of the wall caused him to jump back, before he realized it was a person on the other end speaking and not the door itself. That would have been strange and disconcerting seeing as he was certain he wasn't that far gone. Not yet anyway. Doors didn't talk, and this one was no different. Hopefully. Finally releasing the breath he'd drawn in, Tom reached for the doorknob and turned it, clumsily and slowly, shuffling awkwardly into the apartment, the usually comforting earth tones and green making him feel strangely dizzy. He tried to make some kind of greeting, but he couldn't open his mouth and ended up making a soft whine noise in the back of his throat instead, but Jackie didn't seem to notice as she lounged on her couch, head propped up on her palm and her elbow dug into the armrest, her eyes fixed on the TV, remote held limply in her other hand. \"Thought you were never coming in,\" the woman added, looking away from the screen. \"How'd you know it was me?\" \"I know what your footsteps sound like. It's hard to hear, but that's what makes it unique. You gotta listen for it. I heard you and thought you were just going to come in like you usually do, but you didn't so I invited you in. That's how.\" \"Oh…\" Tom moved toward the couch, leaning back before sitting down, processing her words more than was necessary. It was hard to argue with that kind of matter-of-fact way of speaking. Jac had returned her attention to the TV, and Tom did the same, the voices of the people making a strange ringing sound in his ears. \"So…what're you watching?\" \"Don't even know,\" Jackie replied, cracking a smile. \"I see…not even a clue what it is?\" \"Nope.\" \"Uh huh…\" \"Something bothering you? You're usually less…dead.\" The woman muted the TV and gave her friend a scrutinizing look. Tom got that look a lot whenever he did something that concerned her, which quite frankly was often. He was grateful she gave a damn, but still, she had this judging air the came out when she looked at him like that. Like he was supposed to tell her these things ahead of time, which only made the thought of his plans feel heavier in his stomach. \"You sick? I mean, if you are I've got tea or cold medicine or something if you want it,\" she continued, but Tom shook his head, watching the TV despite its silence and his complete incomprehension of what was going on. \"You sure? Because I really wouldn't mind…\" \"No, I'm fine. Thanks though.\" \"Well, you're definitely not feeling fantastic,\" she frowned, placing the remote on the couch and reaching out to touch Tom's forehead. \"You sure you don't have a fever. Your ears are red. Is it too hot?\" Jackie's words became a little faster as if they were trying to keep up with thoughts that were coming too quickly into her head. \"I'm fine, Mom ,\" Tom replied sharply. \"I'd say your moodiness was a symptom if I didn't know better,\" Jackie countered the pace of her voice returning to normal. \"Now, why don't you tell me what's bugging you? You usually don't make surprise visits without some kind of reasoning. It's not your style.\" For emphasis, Jackie punctuated the last three words with a tap on Tom's shoulder after each. \"You're not sick, but something's up.\" Tom glared back, but he couldn't keep it up. Letting his face fall he shrugged his shoulders. He knew what he had to say, but man…was it ever hard. He opened his mouth, but no sound came from him so he shut it again, grinding his teeth in frustration. He tried again, this time with some improvement, though not much. \"It's just…I came here to…\" he began, gesturing with his hands for no other reason other than that he had nothing else to do with them, and he couldn't just leave them at his sides. \"I wanted to say something to you, but I really don't know…it's…it's hard.\" \"If that's the problem then I'm gonna have to pass. Not really in the mood right now,\" Jac laughed. \"Huh? What do you mean?\" \"Never mind. I was just kidding. It's stupid. Forget it.\" \"Oh…um…ok…\" \"So, you were going to tell me something?\" \"Oh, right…that. Well…it's about stuff. Past things…about me…and other people and my face and…and I sound like a complete idiot. I'm sorry.\" \"This is about what you did…isn't it?\" Jackie asked, though there was apprehension in her voice. Something delicate and deliberate. She knew where she was treading was sensitive territory and could give way under her feet at any second. \"About the…um…\" Jackie's voice went suddenly low. \"About that girl?\" \"You already know?\" Tom replied his focus fixed on her face as if he thought she was lying. Could she really know it all? The kidnap? The murder? The eternity spent staring at faded out walls and talking to faded out people? Surely there was something she didn't know. There must have been some mistake for if she knew these things why would she let him in? Why would she even bother? \"Well, yeah, I mean, it's not like it's all that hard to find out a person's history…well, one like that,\" she shrugged meeting his gaze without flinching though she still sounded careful. \"I did a little investigating. Sorry I didn't tell you. I figured you'd tell me eventually. Are you really surprised that I know?\" \"Honestly…no, I'm not,\" Tom admitted, a strange lightness coming over his mind. \"You know about all of it? The horrible things I've done? \" \"I do. Well…I know up to a point. Is that what you wanted to tell me?\" \"Well, yeah, but…I don't get it. This doesn't make any sense.\" Tom shook his head, sounding distressed as the weight returned to his mind. \"What doesn't make sense? I'm your friend. What's to get?\" \"It's just that I can't understand why, if you knew all of this, you continue to be my friend. Why would you stick around? I know why Sebs is still here. He knew me before all the shit hit the fan, but you…you only know me from after the fact. How can you do that?\" \"It's easy,\" Jackie smiled. \"Yeah, you can be moody and temperamental, but so can everyone else. You acted out on those frustrations, this is a fact I can't deny, and yes, it does cross my mind from time to time, but at the same time I know that it's not you. Not now anyway. I can only imagine your reasons why you did all of that stuff, but…I know I've never felt so strongly, but I guess some people do.\" \"I'd tell you what I felt if I had better words for it…\" \"Look, I only know the facts, or what was said to be the facts. I can't forget what happened because it is what it is. What you did was terrible, but I'm still interested in knowing your thoughts on it though. Your side. I can only know so much,\" the woman continued. It was true. She didn't condone the man's past actions, but what could she do about them now other than be a good friend in the present? \"I wouldn't know where to start,\" Tom frowned. \"Maybe I will a one point.\" \"That's fine. You okay?\" \"I can't tell.\" A silence lingered and Jackie pressed her lips together, something forming in her mind. Slowly she spoke up once more, her words even and hand selected. \"You don't have any plans of a repeat performance do you?\" She was staring him down, and Tom felt his teeth grinding against each other. She wasn't looking away, her eyes on him and only him. She could see any and all hesitation. Tom shifted uncomfortably but shook his head. \"No. No, I don't. The idea makes me feel sick to be quite honest, and I'm sick an awful lot.\" \"Always on your mind?\" \"How can I forget such a shit thing? They say time fixes, but all it's done is give me time to agonize over it more.\" \"And that right there is your answer. Why should I live in fear of something that is no longer a threat to my life?\" Tom made a strangled noise, but gave no further response. \"People live next to active volcanoes, and trust me, those things are a lot more dangerous and deadly than you are.\" Jackie gave the man a playful punch to the shoulder and ruffled his hair affectionately. Normally, she would have teased him with this act saying, \"bad puppy, don't you show your teeth at me\" or \"good puppy, you didn't do something stupid today\". Some variation on either depending on the topic of their conversation. Now, however, she didn't speak, but smiled fondly as Tom leaned into the comforting tough love. \"You're not scared?\" he asked. He looked over at her, his turn to watch. \"I can't find any reason to be afraid.\" \"So, you're not mad at me, even though I kept this from you? I could have gone forever not telling you, and you could have gone on knowing…wouldn't you be mad I was keeping a secret like that?\" Tom asked sleepily though he was doing his best to remain focused now that Jackie was rubbing behind an ear. He really was a dog wasn't he? \"Nah, I'm not mad. People keep secrets from other people, and that's not something I can change. I know better than to think you'd do it again.\" \"But…I still lied…about something big too…\" \"Let me guess, you lied so I'd keep liking you? So that I wouldn't leave you because of your past? That's it, right?\" Jackie cocked her brow in typical Hollywood fashion, eying Tom carefully despite the fact that he was certain she already knew his response. Slowly, he nodded, straightening up and distanced himself from the woman before him, feeling ashamed of himself even though she looked calm. Lying wasn't chivalrous. Lying wasn't what knights did. They were honorable, brave, and strong. They fought for what was good and true. They kept their loyalties straight. They were heroes. They were people to be admired. Tom had done nothing worth admiring in his life. He may have been strong, but he was no knight. \"That's why I'm not mad.\" Tom stared back at her, not understanding. \"You like me enough that you didn't want to scare me. You didn't want to run me off with your deeds. You like having me around. I'd say that's an advantage I have over most people when it comes to your opinions of them.\" Tom forced a small smile, but it did not last. \"I can't believe it's that simple though…I just can't. I'm just this shitty thing who did more shitty things…why even bother?\" \"I guess I just like you too much.\" \"I don't even like myself,\" Tom mumbled, but he managed a smile. \"You're not even worried about my…well, craziness?\" \"I know plenty of people who ought to be placed in psychiatric care. I work with them,\" Jac shrugged. \"Does that include Sebs?\" \"He's on the top of the list.\" \"Figures.\" \"You know…\" Jac began. \"I saw you before…\" Tom tilted his head. \"Before?\" \"Before the incident. You were the guy who always managed to get to the office to bug Sebs. I remembered seeing you. Thought you seemed nice,\" she admitted with uncharacteristic hesitance. \"Did ya think I was cute?\" he asked sounding both joking and serious. \"Don't push your luck,\" Jackie grinned, shaking her head and grabbing the hood of the man's sweatshirt, pulling it down to his nose. \"But yeah, a little bit. The way you think a little, lost, puppy is cute.\" \"I'll settle for that,\" Tom replied shaking his head to remove the visual obstruction. \"You still think I'm nice?\" \"Of course.\" Tom leaned forward and rested his elbows in his legs and chin on the heels of his hands. It couldn't possibly be that simple. He'd said so, and he still couldn't believe it. And yet, somehow it was. Jackie trusted him even with his flaws. Trusted him in spite of them it would seem. It was so…underwhelming. Tom had been expecting something explosive. Surprise. Shock. Awe. Not just some fumbling and \"well, how about that.\" He didn't want to say it out loud, but he was almost upset that it had gone so well. Where was the excitement in that? The fact was that there was absolutely no excitement at all, and was that really so bad? As far as Tom was concerned it was the worst. Like waiting for an unknown bomb to go off. Tick…tick… Nothing. \"You want to go for a walk or something?\" Jac suggested, the breaking of the silence giving Tom a bit of a jolt. \"Relax, I just meant that there's this Thai place I found. You want to get lunch?\" \"I'm not that hungry.\" \"Liar.\" \"Huh?\" \"You can lie about a lot, but I know you don't turn down food. So, I'm telling you. We're getting lunch. You're gonna like it. Then we're going to bother some tourists. Okay?\" \"Okay,\" Tom agreed before her had the time to understand and process what had been said. \"Awesome,\" Jackie said, getting up from her seat on the couch and turning off the TV. \"I figured you'd be up for it. I know how you are about food and mischief.\" Tom nodded and followed after her without protest, out the door and down the stairs and out the building. It was just what they always did. Just as they probably always would do. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Not dead. Just lazy. Here, have a story I mean to finish ages ago while you (whoever"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"Condolenses","Author":"Jersey Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8242821","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Short, awkward, OC driven story I wrote I while ago. Here, have some sadness. Sebs is working, and that's not out of the ordinary. It feels like the only thing he does nowadays. All he'll ever do. It's been two weeks or so, maybe two and a half, since Tom's death, and he hasn't heard anything from people but \"I'm so sorry\" and ridiculous clichés of that nature. He supposes they're just trying to be nice, but he can't find it in himself to be appreciative. Those are just words. They have no meaning because the people who are using them have no meaning. Not to him. At least not anymore. He'd started to make a point of keeping his door shut when he could. Keeping people out unless they really had something to say to him, and that was becoming quite rare. He'd shut himself away only coming out to critique someone's shitty work or take a piss. Work, work, work. Sebs couldn't even remember if he'd eaten much of anything recently. He wasn't hungry for anything, and when he was there was never anything available that he wanted to eat. Cooked meat was all kinds of disgusting now. And that was just how it had gone on. This new rhythm wasn't the most exciting, but it was efficient, and it kept his mind off of things he was tired of trying to rationalize. He stared at his computer and realized he had completely forgotten what he had been doing. Maybe he hadn't eaten in longer than he thought. Sebs leaned back in his chair, blinking a few times as if it would miraculously remind him of what he had been doing. No such luck. The words on the screen don't even look like words anymore. They're crude symbols that he's sure mean something. It probably just means he's tired. He closes his eyes feeling a bit defeated. So much for that. He figures that if he can't focus on it that it mustn't be that important or if it's important it's not pressing. A little meditation and then back to the grind that has become his existence. There's a knock at the door, and Sebs sits up again. It was a formal knock. The kind that meant the person had a reason for bothering him. A business reason. Not a stupid reason. Stupid reasons could have been anything on a given day. \"Come in.\" It's short. To the point and impersonal. The door opens, slower than usual. Most people would have opened the door quickly. Get in. Get out. This person appears to be thinking about coming in. Sebs finds himself annoyed by this fact. If they didn't need to bother him why were they? He feels suspicious, but he keeps his eyes fixed on the door and doesn't speak. If this person decides they have the balls to come in then they're worth the minute or so of his time he's willing to give most of his co-workers. The door opens all the way, and finally, the perpetrator shows herself. Sebs arches his brows in her direction as if it's a friendly greeting. Jackie, a financial analyst at the office if he remembers correctly. Deals with budgets or something or other. Sebs would say she has a boring job if he didn't know that his own job wasn't exactly thrilling. He's spoken to her a few times. Never about much. A few words spared in the break room. Mostly about work. Always polite, but never quite chummy. She's got a way of speaking that assumes she's your friend. It's friendly because she makes an effort to be so. Sebs can't remember liking her all that much, but nor can he remember hating her. \"Hey, sorry to bother you, but I just have some forms for you to sign. Should only take a minute.\" She seems nervous, and Sebs notices this because he can't recall that being something Jackie gave off. Too much confidence usually. He just nods and indicates for her to put the forms on his desk. She obliges and takes a step back. She's waiting. \"I never said I was going to sign them right away,\" Sebs says evenly. He feels a bit prickly from annoyance, but he had been expecting her to hover a little bit. Something about her makes her seem watchful. \"Yeah, I know. It's not that so much as…well, I just kind of wanted to talk to you.\" Sebs tenses. He's heard those words and variations on them way too much for his liking recently. More fake concern than he's ever wanted and figures he ever will want. He doesn't need her pity, but he can see it in her. No, he can't see it. He's not looking at her. He's looking at his screen again. He can feel it though. He can feel her caring, and it makes him want to tell her to go away. \"Is it important?\" \"I'd like to think it's important, but it's really for you to decide I guess.\" Sebs gives her a look. She doesn't respond. She's just standing there waiting for permission. He figures he can stomach one more practiced speech of sympathy. He nods, and Jackie smiles but only for a second. She's remembering what it is she's here to say. \"I just wanted to say that I've noticed everyone saying stuff to you about…well, you know, and I could say a lot of things, but just the way I've seen you act around others I can tell you don't want to hear this sort of thing from others. You know they don't understand.\" What exactly does she mean? There's a rambling feel to her words. She knows what she wants to say, but she's going about it in the most roundabout way Sebs can recall in recent memory. \"I'm not going to stand here and claim to understand what happened. I know better than that. I can understand one thing though, and that's what I wanted to say to you. This whole thing, it sucks. And I'm sorry it sucks.\" He looks down at the forms she gave him to sign and picks them up. Jackie's gone silent and is staring at the door. She looks like she wants to leave, but there's something in her path. Sebs has half a mind to ask her what it is she's looking at, but she cuts in before he can. \"I didn't know him, but I saw him a few times. You seemed happy when he was around so…yeah, this is a shitty situation and I'm sure you know it. It's not much, I know, but…feel better when and if you can. I can't ask more of you than that.\" Sebs feels his mouth tighten, and he can't stare at the screen anymore. It's too bright, and it's making not just his eyes but also his head as well hurt. He feels something like nausea in his stomach, but he forces it down. \"That's all I really wanted to say. I don't expect you to love me for it, but I wanted to let you know. Know…whatever it is you take from this.\" Sebs bites the inside of his mouth and nods. \"Yeah, it's fine. Thanks.\" \"You gonna be ok?\" \"I am ok.\" Jackie reaches out and touches his shoulder lightly. Normally Sebs would have shied away from the gesture, but that's usually because the gestures felt forced. Fake. This one doesn't have that quality. It's not trying to make a point. It's gentle. It's not trying to be more than it is. Had he had the energy Sebs would have enjoyed it. He picks up his pen and scrawls his name on the first page. He said he'd get to it later. Why's he doing it now? He doesn't take the time to give the question much more thought and finishes signing the forms without looking over them. What could he possibly be signing? He doesn't know, but he also doesn't care. He picks his pen up off the last page and makes sure all the paper is lined up with each other. Sebs is about to hand them over to the woman when he realizes that she's no longer standing beside him. She must have left. He didn't hear her. Getting up from his desk, Sebs feels a few bones shift uncomfortably, and he resists the urge to make a sound. No grievances are to be wasted on such a thing as a little stiffness. He leaves his office for the first time in what must be hours. He tries to remember what he spent that time doing, but all he gets is static. He's sure he did something, but he might as well have done nothing. Another afternoon gone. Just has to keep on going until he dies. He gets to Jackie's desk, but she's not there at the moment so he stares at it. He's seen it before, but he's never really looked at it. It's a cubicle, but it doesn't seem claustrophobic like some of the other ones. It might have something to do with the fact that Jackie's stuff actually looks like there's some order to it. It makes Sebs smile despite himself. There's a picture of her and people he can only assume are her family. Mother, father, three siblings, and her. They look so happy. It makes Sebs' smile vanish. \"You need something?\" He turns to see Jackie looking at him. She looks curious but not entirely shocked. He can't find his words for a moment, but then he remembers the papers in his hand. \"Signed the forms for you. Just dropping them off.\" \"Oh.\" There's a genuine look of surprise on her face as she takes the documents. \"That was really fast. Thanks.\" She looks back up at him as she thanks him, and Sebs manages a polite smile. Somehow he gets back to his office and returns to his seat. His desk looks more cluttered than he remembers it being, but he can read the words on his computer screen again. Sebs frowns as he looks at the little clock in the corner. He still has hours. He decides to check his email to pass the time, and he finds an old message from Tom. Something ridiculous. An idea he'd had about something or other, and for a moment or two it makes Sebs happy. Happy until he remembers that there won't be any more. The pain he'd been able to suppress for most of the day rears its ugly head, and Sebs feels like doubling over from how hard it hits him. Jackie was right. It does suck. However, as he remembers that he replays her words in his head. \" I'm not going to stand here and claim to understand what happened… This whole thing, it sucks. And I'm sorry it sucks.\" He's not sure why, but some of the pain in his gut subsides. He thinks about it some more. The words make him feel justified. They're not telling him he should forget everything. He doesn't want to. They're not telling him he should be done grieving by now. He's nowhere near done. He knows that. Most of all they're not trying to be what they're not. They're words that mean what they mean with no ulterior motive, and Sebs can't help but feel grateful for that fact. Sebs leans back in his chair and stares at his computer for a few more minutes before closing Tom's email. Looking at it was depressing him. He closes his eyes, feeling the unique sting of strain, before contemplating his wall. Tom used to always complain that it needed more colors. Needed more life. He's going to laugh at the thought when he notices something strange. His door is open. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Short, awkward, OC driven story I wrote I while ago. Here, have some sadness. Sebs i"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"Birthday Blues","Author":"Faintly Falling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7948969","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Teddy was calling out for some attention and I have a soft-spot for his failiness. Who knows? Maybe one day he'll fail so hard he just straight up wins... Teddy pushed his door open with more force than he probably needed to. Fuck it. No one was going to tell him what he needed to do. He couldn't explain the 'why?' of this bad mood to anyone, hadn't been able to despite the fact that the other guys at the garage had periodically gotten used to his moodiness and his 'I don't want to talk to anyone' days. That was a lie, really, not knowing why, not the 'getting used to' part. Well, maybe that was a bit of a lie, too. People didn't accept him so much as they worked around him; people just learned how to avoid him. He was predictable like that, he figured. That wasn't what was making him angry, though, he knew what it really was. His damn birthday was today, one more birthday alone, a downward fall like a fucking slinky, picking up speed when it's about to hit bottom. He headed towards the fridge, long empty of beer from his own indifference towards grocery shopping lately. He snakes his hand instead around the carton of orange juice, pinching the spout closed and shaking it to get the desired level of frothiness, same as he'd done since he was a kid. He must have been squeezing too hard, he realized, as he felt the cardboard yield under his fingers and while the spout tore, juice running down his hand. \"Dammit!\" He slammed the carton on the counter, opting instead to probe the cabinet for a glass. He settled on a short widemouth one that would catch the contents of the destroyed spout more easily. He completed this particular attempt and raised the glass to his lips, trying to drink the foam off first, another childhood habit. He gulped it down, feeling a slight burn as it hit his throat. Slamming the glass on the counter, he wiped his hands on his pants and decided to leave the mess on the counter for later. He was frustrated and suddenly feeling the weight of the fact that he's alone, that he'll be alone because no one cares enough to wish him a happy goddamn birthday. They might call tomorrow or over the weekend but he's gotta hear the echo of his own loneliness right now and that's just a little more than he can deal with right now. It's not that they don't care, he's not ungrateful enough to think that, he knows that there's a lot of kids and, shit he's not even a kid anymore...it still hurts. And he's definitely not upset because he didn't call. Nope. If Tom wants to be a fuckin' asshole, that's his problem. Teddy didn't know, couldn't quite put his finger on when mudpudding in the backyard and box-castles had turned into the occasional stolen joint and Sports Illustrated in Tom's bedroom that had turned into silences that lasted for weeks and Tom shutting himself in his room to mope without explanation and the injuries Teddy'd seen him with now and again. He just wants to... relax . Let out some of this tension and anger that's starting to burn behind his eyes. He wandered into the living room and slumped down onto his couch, in no mood to think or put too much effort into what he's doing. Groaning, he pulled himself to his feet (only halfway vertical, though) and dragged himself towards the TV, cramming one of his lesser-used tapes into the VCR. Practically crawling back to the couch, he unzipped his pants and reached for his dick, rubbing his hand back and forth in the familiar gesture. His eyes adjust to reading the shitty lighting, seeing through the shadows and bad acting to tits and ass (nice ass, he'd forgotten that about this one). He can't seem to bring any real pleasure response, though. He takes the tip between his thumb and forefinger, tries to hit that right there spot, but his Johnson's not listening and nothing else seems to be changing that. He's not really hearing the porno anymore, closes his eyes and thinking of that girl who'd bent over in front of him today, thinking of the way her round ass had filled out the seat of her jeans, bright thong poking out at the top, feeling the heat coming off of her... It's just not getting him as far as it usually would. Disappointed, he zipped up his pants and turned off the TV. No, none of the usual suspects are going to do tonight. He hasn't got the focus and anyway, he needs more than some picture on a screen or gloss in a magazine. His magazines, though, there were ads in the back of them...companion...ads. He thought they were pathetic usually, maybe good for a laugh, but the more he tried to lose the idea, the more it rounded on him with a vengeance, becoming more and more impossible to ignore. Fuck it. He was lonely, he was pissed, and he could afford to buy himself a damn...birthday present...He grabbed one off the table, prizing the pages apart with some difficulty. Sure enough, there it was. He could do this. Sure he could. He should. No law against it. Well, okay, there was, but there was nothing that said you couldn't make yourself happy if you needed to. And he did. He suddenly yanked the phone off the hook as if it was going to run away from him and dialed the number. \" Hi. I-uh-need someone.\" \"I bet you do.\" He tries not to hear anything distinct in the voice that would identify it for him. He doesn't want to remember that mocking tone. \"Don't give me shit, just give me...\" He recited his address, same pauses he'd memorized it with when he'd moved in. And then he waited. And waited, refusing to let himself think or get nervous or anticipate. Waiting for the doorbell to ring had to be one of the longest experiences of his life, but even so, he still wasn't ready when it happened, heart pounding like it was gonna come out of him like one of them chest-buster aliens. He wasn't ready for what he saw, either. He'd been expecting someone...young, someone who looked more like, well, like someone in his magazines. He wasn't stupid; he knew girls didn't really look like that, most of them. But he'd expected someone at least his age, with the make-up and girl things that girls did-short skirt and everything. She wasn't, well, she wasn't bad looking. She looked like a teacher, maybe, and not in the Van Halen way. Might've been late thirties, or at least she looked it. Her boobs were kind of big, so that was a plus, he thought. \"Close your mouth,\" she smiled, \"You trying to catch flies?\" \"Sorry. I mean, what?\" \"Never mind. You gonna invite me in or do I have to stand here in the hall all night?\" \"No. Come on in.\" She looked around, letting out a breath through her teeth. \"Nice place. I meant the fly comment as a joke but now I'm a little concerned.\" He could feel himself blushing, an unfortunate 'tell' when you already know you're pale as shit. \"Shut up, alright? Let's just do this.\" \"You got no manners, kid. What would your mom say?\" Hell if I know...Somehow I don't think she'd be surprised. \"I'm not your first, am I? I can't be...cute kid like you should have girls following you around.\" The \"kid\" thing is starting to grate on him. If anything, he's usually mistaken for being older than he is, not younger. Where does she get off? Thinking of him as some bad child who doesn't know what he's doing... \"You got a bed or were you planning on us standing up the whole time?\" She smiles at him, sweetly, and he's not okay with that . \"Yeah, no, I got a room. It's back here.\" He indicated that she should follow him. God, he sounds like an idiot. Not that that's anything new. \"You keep your room a little cleaner than the rest of your house, I see.\" Seriously, knock it the fuck off. \"I don't spend a lot of time in here.\" He plunked down on the bed, hoping she'd follow. \"Doesn't make a difference to me, honey.\" She lowered herself to his level and kissed his cheek. Her lip-whatever smells sweet and it bothered him for some reason, sticking in his nose and the back of his throat \"You smell like oil,\" she moaned, still kissing him (his mouth, now) as if it were the hottest thing in the world. \"I'm a mechanic.\" He didn't know what to do. Well, he did but it just felt weird right now. Was he supposed to let her do all the work? Or was he meant to participate too? \"My brother was a mechanic. I never liked the smell.\" Was she trying to eat his tongue? \"Well, do you expect me to undress you or what?\" \"Yeah, no, sure,\" he wheezed out, pulled his undershirt over his head(work-shirt having been the first thing removed when he'd gotten home, after his coat) , narrowly avoiding hitting her in the face. His hands scramble to his pants, trying to unbutton and unzipper as quickly as he can, catches a bit of his finger in the zipper and it hurts but that's the least of his concerns. His jeans make it most of the way down his legs before he started yanking on his boxers and pushing them down just far enough that they shouldn't get in the way. Oh, god. Warm hands. She's touching that place and doing that thing and his dick is... Doing nothing. She's doing everything so right and his stupid stubborn dick is doing nothing. He could imagine Tom mocking him and ugh, he so doesn't need to think about Tom. He was having a hard enough time getting it up as it is. They fell backwards and he's half afraid of her boobs suffocating him. She was trying harder now, whole hand around the shaft and it feels great but he's only half-mast at best. She stopped suddenly, sits up, thighs straddling his. \"I'm sorry, this usually isn't a problem...\" He hated how pathetic he sounded. She smiled again. \"I bet it's not. I don't think it's me you need right now.\" \"Who else would I need?\" \" This isn't what you need right now. I'm not gonna charge you. I don't see much point. I think you're less than happy about something and you thought you could distract yourself.\" What was with the impromptu Dr. Phil? Furthermore, where did she get off being right? Damn hooker voodoo. \"You seem like a nice kid and it'd probably be a good idea to just sit down and work through whatever it is that's wigging you out so bad. The Mind has a nasty habit of not leaving people alone until they do. No need to see me out.\" He was left there on the bed; dumbstruck and three-quarters naked, feeling like the biggest ass in the world. He reflexively grabbed his pants pocket. His wallet wasn't gone and a quick count showed nothing had been taken. He couldn't do anything but lay there for minutes, finally shrugging off shame and embarrassment to pull his boxers up and head to the kitchen. He started to wipe up the orange juice with a dishtowel, drinking the remainder of the carton at the same time. He idly remembered the pizza he'd left in the fridge and, shame or not, he was kind of hungry. He glanced at the phone again. Maybe he'd been too hasty in getting so mad. Maybe he'd wait just a little longer... ","Summary":" Teddy was calling out for some attention and I have a soft-spot for his failiness. Who knows? Maybe"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"On Illness","Author":"Faintly Falling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7847378","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sick inside. I am sick inside. I am sickness itself. Other people are lucky. They 'get sick'. I have sick, own it. Had, has, have. The spirit of sickness. I'd picture that like a ghost, a specter. Something gray and filmy that floats around like fabric blowing in the wind. It seems elegant and eerie and still delicate, less threatening than the ghost of a person. They shouldn't be threatening, ghosts, not the way they show them in movies. Just a person, white and translucent. Not threatening at all. Not a monster with teeth or claws or fists...No, it's faces that make ghost haunting. Faces twisted in pain or fear or anger forever. Those are the faces that haunt dreams. The other people here... People...living ghosts. Wearing their problems with the world like they're carved into their bodies. What you think, what you are. One becomes the other, no separation. Who'd'a thunk? The nuthouse is more real than the real world. No bullshit here. Fantasy, self-delusion but no bullshit. Starkness and hospital clean. White, white, white, like endless paper that can't be overwritten. That's our punishment; we can't have a claim, can't even have our own words. Not allowed, not allowed. We all fade into the the white, washed out and sterile. Sterilized. Neutered. My life is blanks now, 'shootin' blanks', fucking vulgar as that expression is. I have nothing left to say or do and anyway, who would listen to a murderer? My words don't mean as much as the things you can ascribe to them but anyone could say that. It's especially true for me though because I did a *bad thing *. Close to the worst thing. People write philosophies based on it. When you can and can't do it, when and if. How, why, who...all goes back to Cain and Able. Even when there were only four people on the earth, they still fucking couldn't stand each other. They accuse me of sociopathy, think it's because I want what I can't have. Well, it's true. I didn't want his shitty job. Might be better than mine but it's still shitty. All jobs are shitty. I just wanted someone. I can't have that, I guess, can't be what other people are, do what other people do. Even if I get out of here, I'll be marked like Cain. The only way I'll get out of here is if I promise not to do what other people do. This is important right now, while I'm staring at my apple-juice-piss, smelling the nastiness of the other no-longer-people who have gone before me. I'm different from them, but I'm not people either. I scare the people(\"people\") in charge with my different. They think I'm going to McMurphy everything like Jack Nicholson in that movie, foment all the lithium zombies into some kind of living-dead army. As if. I don't belong to these people. I don't belong anywhere. Sickness is supposed to have a cure; a pill, a tonic, a syrup, a lotion...Nobody's got a miracle tea for head-sick. Head sick is you-me. You become it in a way you never become cancer or tuberculosis. 'Cancer destroyed her body', 'cancer wrecked his immune system'. Crazy ruined my life. I can't even piss without someone waiting for me outside the door, make sure I don't stab anyone with my dick or something. Pierce them with my chewed jagged nails, maybe. My fists are always an option but I don't have the strength any more. And who needs literal blood on his hands, anyway? Something that's clean can still be filthy. Take this place, for example. Infected with all the sickness it holds, both the patients and the doctors. Should-be inmates, running the asylum. 'We're all mad here...' it's an idea that gets bandied around in the word. 'Acting nuts...', 'batshit', 'rat in a tin shithouse', nobody wants it near them, though. Nobody wants to touch it. Nobody wants it touching them. The cure is to stay with the other crazies, keep it confined like an epidemic, a contagion. Don't catch the crazy. Sick, sick, sick. Say a word too often and it loses its meaning. Like 'purple' or 'potato' or 'psycho'. They want me to get out. Of the bathroom, not the shithouse. A bathroom might be a shitroom, I guess, but you can actually get rid of your shit. A shithouse implies that it accumulates. A house for keeping shit. Shit like me. Some other slob needs to do his business, or maybe they just think I'm diddling myself. That's right, I get off on being confined and unstimulated. Getting treated like a retarded kindergartner just gets me so hard...bozos. I never liked touching the thing to begin with, now more than ever. To say nothing of how little interest I feel in anyone anymore, let alone attraction. Attraction is special, or at least it's supposed to be. Sick, sick, sick. It's a word people call me without thinking about what it means. It's meant to imply disgust, revulsion. What I did is sick, wrong, so I am too. They don't realize that sick is an ascription. It's taking the responsibility away from me. Or implies that they should. People write songs about love as a 'sickness with no cure'...I take that a little far I guess. I don't do things by half. Maybe I should try. Sick's an all-purpose word really. It's a word people would call me if they knew I was standing here thinking, feeling my dick go soft in my hand and staring at a urinal. You can't be alone with yourself. People will tell you this. That's weird. That's bad, bad, bad. Makes you do Bad Things. Makes you sick. ","Summary":" Sick inside. I am sick inside. I am sickness itself. Other people are lucky. They 'get sick'. I hav"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"Who's Afraid of the Big, Bad, Wolf?","Author":"Jersey Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7661932","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Early Christmas gift for anyone who's out there. Not much to say other than that this story could take place at a number of points in the film previous to Tom taking Angela to see Jim herself. So, yeah, I decided to give Jim a little attention because honestly, he drew a pretty short straw in this deal. Jim's head was spinning, and he couldn't remember what had happened, at least not very clearly. He'd gotten on the elevator to leave the office, god knows he just wanted to get out of there and be home, maybe even ignore all the shit that was going on his life for a while, and he'd made it to the garage and was heading for his car when…something happened. A sudden force to the back of his head and blurriness. He hadn't been able to identify the assailant, but he'd seen his shape before passing out, and as he came to he noticed the familiar shape standing a few feet away from him. It wasn't moving, and he couldn't make out a face, but he felt it was watching him. He tried to speak as he picked up his head, his mind still muddled, but the murkiness fell away as he realized he couldn't move his mouth, at least not a significant amount. What on earth? Jim tried to shift, but it was hard. He could move his torso, but that was restricted and his hands and feet were bound by something that dug into him awkwardly as he tried to move. What was going on? Where was he? Why couldn't he move? He felt adrenaline start to pump through his body, his heart pounding in his ears as he breathed uncomfortably through his nose. \"You're awake…\" The voice didn't sound threatening as it came a foot or so forward, in fact it seemed unsteady, shaking as if scared or excited, but Jim still jumped as much as he could, moving the cheap, office, chair he realized he was tightly duct taped to. Who said that? The shadow had said it except he was wasn't so much a shadow now as he was just some guy standing a distance away in an already dark place. Jim wasn't sure, but he figured he was still in the parking garage. Or at least a parking garage. The figure took a few more steps forward, and Jim furrowed his brow, gripping the armrests of the chair tightly, which seemed to calm him down some. Maybe he was going to be let go. Maybe this was some other guy here to help him. And maybe I'm just trying to be optimistic in a hopeless situation. This thing, human, whatever, didn't just walk up to him. He seemed to sort of saunter…a strange forced kind of thing as if he was acting. Posturing like he had some sort of grand power over the other. Well, Jim had to admit he sort of did given that he had been rendered essentially immobile and incapable of verbal communication, but still, he knew he wasn't thinking straight as he noticed panic was starting to engulf his mind again as words tried to take shape in his mind for the situation that presented itself. Kidnapped. Restrained. Danger. Confusion. Hostage. Hostage. He was a hostage or something like that. And who was it that held him? Even with more light on the figure's face he didn't recognize him. Not entirely anyway. He wore a uniform that Jim was fairly certain he'd seen on some sort of security in the office building. Not the front desk guy, but…oh, he didn't know, and he didn't have the patience to dig up the information. At this point he figured it really didn't matter. Who this guy was was of no importance. What was important was that whoever the hell this guy was had apparently knocked him out and had taken the time and wasted a lot of material to duct tape him to a chair somewhere in a dark, wet, concrete, underground, cave. This really isn't how I'd go about making a good first impression. On top of that Jim became all the more of the fact that he couldn't speak the more he stared at the other. He couldn't reason with this man. Ask him what this was all about. Silenced for the first time in years. He looked down at the shiny material covering his wrists and generously distributed over his feet and ankles. The sight made him want to whine, but what was the point? Who was going to hear him besides this guy? \"It's not nice is it?\" Jim looked up again. The man was only about a foot from him now, and he could make out his features clearly for the first time. Younger guy, a few years younger than himself he felt, not that it comforted him any. Younger people had all that damned energy to do stupid things. Jim had heard of people being described as wolfish, but he'd never thought much of it until this point. If ever there was a wolfish person this man was it. He was smiling too widely revealing large, and what seemed like sharp teeth, fangs. His nose was doing some sort of twitching and flaring thing, wrinkling and relaxing, as he appeared to be sizing up the restrained man. His ears even seemed somewhat pointed. And those eyes, large, round, and vacant like those of a wild animal. Wolf. Jim thought he shook his head, but he couldn't tell if it happened or if he just imagined doing it. He was too scared to know just what he was doing, but the other man seemed to pick up on something and nodded. \"I knew you wouldn't like it…people like you don't like being shut up. Makes you feel, I don't know, inferior or some shit.\" Whoever this was, Jim had never been more certain in his life that a single person had been such a threat. It wasn't just because he'd already kidnapped him, but this stranger had a weird way of speaking. Like there was something he was in on and Jim wasn't, but something not as obvious as that would imply. The other guy was looking behind him as if he had heard something, but the entire lot was silent as the grave, and Jim had started to believe that the damn place was going to turn into a grave. \"I just…wow, I don't know what I'm feeling,\" the stranger started up again, turning his focus back to the restrained man, looking at him like he was something in an exhibit. \"You have no idea. I mean, shit. I just hate you so much, and now I've got you, ya piece of shit. It's kind of weird.\" The already wolf-ish grin got larger and Jim wanted to shy away from the force of self-righteous pride that seemed to be oozing from the stranger's presence, but there was suddenly a weight on his right shoulder. Five specific points of pressure, and he realized that the wolf was gripping his shoulder, leaning forward without leaning on him. \"How the hell do you do it? You greedy fucker…\" What are you talking about? Jim wanted so badly to ask him. That and about a million other things, but duct tape was not made to be spoken through. However, he apparently gave enough of a hint that that the stranger arched his distinctive brows, looking so smug that Jim couldn't help but wince. The wolf was staring daggers at him with the undeniable air of a sarcastic \"you don't know?\" \"I'm the eyes around here,\" he answered the unspoken question. Jim had expected to hear pride in the stranger's voice, but all he heard was weariness despite the rest of the man's features showing an unnatural alertness. \"All your shit, all you don't want people to know about you, I see it every fucking day.\" Jim winced as the man's grip tightened on his shoulder; it was getting to the point where it was really becoming painful. He noticed the man glance briefly up toward a corner of the room. Cameras? So that's who this guy was. One of the security guys. No wonder his uniform seemed familiar. Jim must have seen him in passing about a million and a half times, but had never said anything to him. He'd never felt the need to. \"You're greedy . I know you have a wife, a family …but you still fuck around with people like you're some sort of fucking gift to the world. Like they should feel honored to have you try to fuck 'em, and when things don't turn out how you'd like to you play the guilt card. Yeah, you greedy piece of shit, feeling entitled to everything just because you're 'that guy'. I don't get it.\" Jim did his best to keep a straight face, but as the man spoke his grip tightened more and more, digging bony fingers into him like needles. \"I mean…how do assholes like you do it? How is it you have some many fucking people , but it's never enough is it? You're an asshole. Even I know that!\" Manic. This guy sounded absolutely manic with his irregularly paced words and awkward emphasis. Jim thought the guy was crazy to begin with, but he wasn't just crazy. He was manic, and it wasn't nearly as charming as pop songs had lead him to believe. No, this was the sort of jaunty emotions that occurred in anyone's description of the typical psycho. Still, he wasn't done. \"And yet you've got people…assholes get people. Why don't I get people? I'm a really fucking nice guy.\" Before he could stop himself, Jim rolled his eyes. Honestly, who was this guy making a point to? Certainly not him. Maybe to himself, but honestly now, nice guys didn't kidnap people or duct tape them to chairs in the bowels of city hell. Those things should have been on the list of the many things nice guys didn't do. However, Jim regretted his decision as the pressure on his shoulder was removed and replaced by the sudden impact of the heel of the other man's hand hard upon his forehead. \"Shut up.\" Jim wanted to make another face. Defend himself, but he knew it'd be useless. He'd been silenced, and on top of that he didn't want to get hit again. That had hurt quite a bit. But then something happened that he hadn't been expecting. The other man frowned, but it wasn't a frustrated look. He legitimately looked like he'd just had his feelings hurt. \"Look…I'm not apologizing or anything, it's just…I hate you. I really hate you, but it's not just you. You're not really fucking special or anything. I hate other people too, but I think I hate you just as much as I hate myself.\" The urge to respond became stronger, and Jim felt the tug of adhesive on his skin. If he could just say something... This guy was showing the littlest hints of humanity, and he was unable to use it to his advantage. Talk him out of whatever frenzy was going on in his mind. \"You know what I mean? Fuck, I just…maybe if you're gone, and maybe if I do this for someone else…maybe, maybe I'll like myself. Like some kinda fucked up exorcism.\" Gone? Gone? What the hell? \"Ok, well, maybe not gone…but something just has to be done. You can't just…get away with the shit you do.\" And there it was, the manic quality had returned to the man's voice, and Jim knew that he wasn't being spoken to. He hadn't been. This guy was talking to himself, and even if Jim hadn't had the duct tape on he realized it wouldn't have mattered. This guy wasn't listening. Jim couldn't speak wolf. Especially not oddly roundabout wolf. If you're just going to kill me, please do. At this point I think I'm getting just as frustrated as you seem to be. \"I'm confusing myself, but well, I guess you're confused too. You don't even know who I am.\" The last bit has a sudden sharpness to it as if this guy had expected some kind of recognition. He looked as if he was waiting for a response, and Jim figured playing along wouldn't hurt this time around so he shook his head. However, the other's expression didn't improve, but rather worsened. Stiffly the man straightened up and backed away, not once breaking eye contact as if Jim was the threat here. \"Well, maybe you should know me, since I know you so well.\" The stranger narrowed his eyes seeming suddenly suspect, but all Jim could do was stare back at him. \"My name's Tom, and you're going to be getting very familiar with me.\" Tom flashed his teeth again, his hands making fists, and for the first time Jim wanted to scream, really just scream for help, so he did his best, but it was hardly a scream so much as a muffled growl through the material over his mouth and keeping him firmly planted in the office chair. \"Jim…you know no one can hear you but me,\" Tom replied in an overly chummy way. \"And really, shouting isn't very polite.\" Jim had thought that maybe knowing this guy's name would make this less terrifying, but it did just the opposite. This creature that had too many teeth, postured awkwardly, and stared much too intensely with much too large eyes was in fact not a creature but a human. A fucking crazy human being. Somehow that was entirely more frightening. Humans were tangible, real, and dangerous. At least creatures were make-believe. They couldn't get you. People could. Again the screaming began. A desperate hope that there was someone around to release him and kill this weirdo or at least knock him out. Heck, Jim vaguely entertained the idea that this was all a practical joke on him. That someone would jump out from behind a pillar telling him he was on Candid Camera or some shit. If it was, this Tom guy was an awfully good actor. Still, he couldn't kid himself for long as the wolf, Tom, moved toward him again. \"Must you yell?\" Tom sighed, seeming to lose some steam. \"I can't babysit you all night. I have so much to do.\" The wolf's teeth are no longer bared, and he appeared to be in some sort of state of practiced calm, expression slack save for those eyes. Still, Jim didn't stop, increased his volume as much as he could, and kept yelling, looking past his captor into the inky blackness behind him. Jim heard a small sigh of annoyance from in front of him as he paused for a moment to breathe, and before he could start up again there was a hand over his face, threatening to crush it. He could have sworn the blood drained from his face, as he looked through Tom's fingers, too afraid to move away, at the others face. Any ability to make sound had been snuffed out by the sudden dominant action, and that was just what it was. Tom had no tail or hackles to raise, but he was making it clear just who was in charge here. He was, and if Jim wanted to change that there was hell to pay before any progress would be made. Alpha dog. \"I told you I don't have time for this,\" Tom said firmly, pushing the man forcefully away from him, releasing Jim's face so that the chair could roll freely down the small slant of the floor. Jim's heart started to pound harder as he moved back toward a wall that could have been anywhere waiting for him to crash into it. Tom seemed to revel in the obvious terror on the other man's face, grinning ear to ear with those teeth, those fucking wolf teeth, as he jogged to meet the chair, stopping it with his hand suddenly so that Jim hit up against the back. \"Now, I really gotta go. I don't want to waste anymore time and energy before the surprise,\" Tom continued bringing his face in front of Jim's once more. Jim thought was certain he was about to have his throat ripped open, but Tom simply smiled. However, it made Jim's stomach drop. Tom had mentioned a \"surprise\". There was more? What more could happen after this? Still, he couldn't ask, and he figured Tom wouldn't tell. Suddenly, Tom straightened up; eyes eerily clear as if he was watching something on the wall in front of him. Jim would have said he looked possessed had it been any other situation, but instead the far off look wasn't only freakish but terrifying. Just as suddenly as he'd straightened up, Tom was back in Jim's face, his hands gripping what would have been the arm rests of the chair had Jim not found his wrists thoroughly duct taped to them, and thus the wolf's claws were digging into his arm, embedding deep into his skin once more. For half a second there appeared to be a flash of something other than wildness and hunger in the wolf's eyes, and Jim felt his heart skip a beat with reflexive hope that something in this psycho's head had snapped in his favor. Unfortunately, he had no such luck. Though the wolf's teeth were bared once more and it's nose wrinkled in a silent snarl before he released his grip, turning sharply and walking away stiffly with it's ears flat against its head and its hackles raised. No words, but deafening body language. Jim watched him disappear into the blackness of the parking garage in strangled silence. He could not yell, but this time not because of the duct tape preventing efficient movement of his jaw, but because of the huge lump that had formed in his throat. The claws were deep inside of him, squeezing the air from his lungs as he stared into the infinite blackness, immobile and alone. The teeth had ripped out his throat with jagged tears. And those hungry, feral, eyes, had stolen away his mind. Stolen away his pride and his memories. Job? What'd he do? Family? What family? There was nothing in his mind but blankness and a familiar and unwelcome tune. Who's afraid of the big, bad, wolf? The big, bad, wolf. The big bad wolf… Who's afraid? Raising his head up, Jim let out a groan, ignoring the muffled sound of it for whatever was left of his personal sanity. Who was afraid? He was afraid. He was horrified. He was helpless. As helpless as a rabbit in the jaws of some nasty beast with dripping fangs and a long forgotten humanity. This big bad wolf was not only Tom, but this building with its glowing lights for eyes and the uncomfortable, distant, dripping, sound of its teeth and the darkness of its bowels that were ready to swallow you up without so much as a second thought. His eyes scanned his surroundings, taking in the hopelessness it gave off until he could no longer hold back a sob that shook him and made his stomach clench. He closed his eyes to keep the room from spinning and looming over him, but it did not help for his imagination filled in the gaps. A surprise was coming. What that meant he didn't know. He was trapped far from the comforts of home, probably for whatever remained of the rest of his life, and on top of that his captor was the monster under his bed that he'd long since forgotten about with its gnashing teeth and glowing eyes. Another painful sob struck him as leaned his head back to the ceiling, his mind pounding out a silent chant in hopes of an unlikely redemption. I'm afraid of the big bad wolf. I am, I am, I am… ","Summary":" Author's Note: Early Christmas gift for anyone who's out there. Not much to say other than that thi"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"The Most Important Meal of the Day","Author":"Faintly Falling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8750121","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tom peered hopefully around the doorframe. Saturday morning breakfasts were his favorite. He got to see all his cousins and eat tons of awesome food. It was Aaron's turn to make breakfast this time and Tom was excited. Who knew what cool stuff his brother would make? The smell of oil frying in the pan was what finally drew him into the kitchen. \"Can I help?\" \"Sorry, Shrimp,\" Aaron smirked, \"You have to be tall enough to reach the counter.\" \"Mo-om...\" Tom whined. \"Come now, let your brother help you,\" his mother scolded, \"He's got to start learning some time.\" \"Fine. Here,\" Aaron bent down, \"Take these plates into the other room, okay?\" \"Okay!\" Tom started to take off. \"And don't run!\" \"Okay...\" He moved slowly and carefully into the dining room, carrying the plates with both hands. \"Tell the boy to hurry up in there,\" his father called jovially as Tom started to pass the plates around. \"Hey, I'm going as fast as I can,\" his brother called back, \"You wanna eat lumpy pancakes?\" \"Put some fruit in mine,\" his sister yelled, \"And use skim milk!\" \"I'm not running a restaurant here. If you're so picky you can make 'em yourself.\" \"I can do it!\" Tom exclaimed when he'd finished the plates. Everyone stared. \"I can mix the batter and put the stuff in.\" Aaron poked his head into the dining room. \"Well, I mean, if you really want to...\" Tom nodded fervently. \"Okay. Well, get in here, I guess.\" Obediently, Tom scampered back to the kitchen. \"Alright,\" Aaron lifted Tom up and placed him on the counter, \"so, here's the whisk and you're gonna pour the wet stuff into the dry stuff and mix it around, okay?\" Tom nodded. The bowl was big and it was hard to keep it still and the measuring cup full of liquid was heavy, but he managed without spilling anything. The mixing was the hard part; the more force he used, the more gluey and difficult to work with it became. He keep pushing though, clockwise circles, and finally, it became more batter than glue. \"We'll make Kerry's at the end, since she wants weird shit,\" Aaron said, \"this'll work for everybody else. We're gonna measure it into cup-fulls and personalize it that way.\" Tom promptly hurled himself off the counter and proceeded back into the dining room, coming back with requests for all sorts of mix-ins; walnuts, bananas, pecans, chocolate chips, white chocolate chips, dried cherries...when Tom finally reached Teddy, he was a little overwhelmed. \"What do you want in your pancakes?\" \"Everything!\" Teddy looked like he'd never been more excited in his life. \" Teddy ,\" his mom replied, \"You can't put everything in the pancakes.\" \"Now think, Teddy,\" said Tom patiently, \"What do you really want?\" Teddy thought seriously for a moment. \"Sprinkles!\" \"You can't give him sprinkles...\" \"Let him have it,\" his uncle Ed retorted, \"when he can't finish it, he won't get anything else.\" By the end of the meal, Teddy's pancakes completely obliterated, mouth happily stained with blue. When everyone was finally served and Kerry was eating her fruit-and-skim-milk pancakes appreciatively, Tom and Aaron sat down with their own plates ( double chocolate chip). Aaron reached over and ruffled Tom's hair affectionately. \"You did good, kid.\" And Tom smiled. \"What is this?\" Teddy asked, as the teenager wandered into the kitchen, eyeing Tom's mess that was growing across the stove and counter. \"It's breakfast for dinner,\" Tom said shortly, in no mood to answer to his idiot cousin. \"Pancakes?\" \"Yes, pancakes. Unless you'd rather keep eating your fruit-roll up burritos with M& Ms and, what was it? Chocolate frosting?\" \"Hey, those things are delicious.\" \"They're not food, Teddy.\" \"You ate three of them.\" \"That's not the point.\" Teddy watched as Tom dumped oversized spoonfuls of batter into the hissing pan. \"That's not how mom makes them.\" \"Would you rather wait until Aunt Cathy and everybody gets back in a week or would you rather eat?\" Teddy pulled a face that made Tom roll his eyes. \"You should be grateful, you know. Not everybody would hang around here to make your stupid ass dinner.\" \"Like you have anywhere else to go?\" Tom retaliated by throwing the egg in his hand at Teddy. The thing left his hand before it even registered in his mind, hitting Teddy square in the face. Blinking egg out of his eyes, Teddy started shouting in disbelief. \"Hey! The hell was that for?\" \"Watch your mouth.\" Teddy reached down to grab an egg of his own, but Tom latched onto his wrist almost instantly. \"Don't even think about it.\" Teddy looked angry, then hurt. \"You're a bully, you know that? You're a bully and a dick.\" \"And I still care more about you than anyone in this house, which is why we're stuck here.\" Teddy's face reddened and he looked at least somewhat abashed, which satisfied Tom a little. \"Come on, help me with all this. You can mix .\" Teddy was occupied with the batter for a few minutes while Tom took the opportunity to press some nuts into the half-cooked roundels. \"They realize the stupidity of putting us on punishment while they're on vacation, right?\" \"You have good timing.\" Teddy glowered at him. \"Not like they care what we do anyway,\" Tom continued, \"They just needed to make us feel bad . They're happy about to have the excuse. Things are easier without us around.\" \"What the hell are you talking about?\" \"Didn't I just tell you not to curse ? You don't see it yet. You will.\" Tom flipped the cakes and started measuring another bowl's worth of ingredients. \"Why are we making so many?\" \"For the rest of the week. I'd like to have some food ready to eat when I get home because I, unlike you, still have school.\" \"I never thought I'd be jealous. I'm bored out of my mind here.\" Tom moved the cooked pancakes onto a plate, then took the bowl from Teddy's hands. \"This is lumpy.\" \"They're pancakes. They're going to be lumpy no matter what I do.\" Tom took a stab at it himself, irritated when the stubborn lumps refused to break down. The batter had gotten gluey, or else he'd gotten lazier with the measurements. Suddenly, he heard his cousin's stomach growl. It occurred to him that Teddy might not have eaten since yesterday's junk-dinner. Teddy wasn't that irresponsible, was he? \"Tell you what, I'm starving,\" Tom said, \"You wanna eat now?\" Teddy nodded appreciatively and Tom separated two paper plates from the stack on the counter, divided the fresh batch between them. \"Sure they're not too healthy for you?\" Tom teased, \"You need me to put some whip cream on them?\" \"Yeah,\" Teddy laughed, \"They could use some sprinkles.\" They ate leaning against the counter, folding the pancakes in half like tacos... the only sound to be heard was chewing. \"How long is your suspension?\" \"Too long.\" Teddy finished his plate and started to head back to the other part of the house without a word. \"Where do you think you're going?\" \"Umm, to take a shower? I'm covered in egg, numb-nuts.\" \"But you're coming back to help me clean up, right?\" \"I've got a lot to do in that shower, you know. It takes me awhile.\" Teddy grinned nastily. \"If thirty seconds is 'awhile' to you.\" Tom scoffed. Teddy flipped him the bird and continued walking. \"You can go blind from that, you know!\" Tom shouted as he heard a door slam. Tom looked around his darkened apartment thoughtfully, feeling somewhat deflated. He'd always thought having his own place would feel...special? Exciting? He'd always had to share space, toys, clothes...He would have thought it'd be freeing to no longer be encumbered, to have something of his own. Instead, it just felt empty. He could turn on the lights, he supposed, but light had never done much for him. He could afford the cost of the bill, he figured. At least for now, anyway, but why waste it? There was nothing to see in here anyway. Some of the glimmer had started to fade and he was beginning to feel, well, hopeless. He was between jobs again and while he didn't want to get too discouraged, it was starting to wear him down. Jobs were hard to get, that's what everyone said anyway, and Tom had certainly found it to be true. He'd been able to get work when he needed it, but he couldn't live off of temp jobs forever. The place wasn't much more expensive than California would have been, as far as he could tell, but costs were starting to add up. He'd known that it wasn't going to be just like in the movies or anything, but still, the journey had ended and now he was just stuck here. This was for real. Teddy had called him an optimist, a dreamer but Teddy didn't understand how much Tom wished those things were true, wanted to make them true. There could be nothing worse than to be without hope, without purpose. Tom glanced at the digital clock. It was hovering close to midnight, the witching hour if he believed that type of crap, which he didn't. Ghosts didn't live in shitty, 70s era apartments that were completely without personality-they lived in castles, and old brownstones, and palatial manors dulled by a thick layer of dust. He recalled some touristy book he'd seen around during his first couple of days in the city, Ghosts of New York, which had proudly claimed that the east coast was home to more ghosts than anywhere else in the country. He couldn't speak for New York, but he'd certainly never seen one in California, that was for damn sure. He didn't even need to turn on the lights to see, he realized, as he padded into the kitchen towards the light. The moon was full and, if that wasn't enough, the city that never sleeps had its lights blaring up at him from the streets and down at him from the top of buildings. Even some of his neighbors, sideways and across the street, were helping to illuminate his window, as well as their own. Tom felt an even greater desire to keep the lights off, to keep his house darkened and keep his neighbors from watching him silhouetted against his kitchen, the way he was watching them. Just the thought made him uncomfortable. Some had their shades pulled down, of course, but the light could still be seen, penetrating underneath and around the sides. Light was unrelenting, unforgiving. His house, his kitchen would stay dark. It was almost romantic, the big, bright moon looming over him, proud and white. His stomach growled loudly, interrupting his reverie and he was startled to realize that it was past midnight. He hadn't even heard the bells chime. He suddenly realized that he was thoroughly ravenous. That's what happens when you stay up too late, he supposed. He didn't have much food in the fridge...He hadn't gotten the hang of cooking for himself yet and he didn't know how much food he would need on a regular basis, his appetite proving to be a less-than-accurate guideline. It wasn't that he couldn't afford it, he could afford food at least, but stocking the fridge was just such a chore and it seemed like it was never-ending. Having food of his own without fear of someone else eating it had been something he had been looking forward to, as well, but somehow the fact that it was only meant for him was almost depressing. No one to share it with, no real reason to eat besides nourishment. It wasn't...fun. He hadn't had any real cravings in a while but it was a cool summer night and something warm was sounding nice. He knew there were eggs in the fridge, at least, and a little milk left. He rummaged through the cabinet on impulse...flour, sugar, baking powder(how did that even get in there?), he could do this. He started pulling bowls and measuring cups out of the cabinet, going by memory for the proportions. Once everything was laid out, he turned up the flame on the old gas stove, watching it glow orange and blue before setting the frying pan on top of it and dropping in a cold chunk of butter. Teddy had accused him of throwing him to the wolves and maybe it was true, but better Teddy than him. Teddy would bounce back, he always did. Tom didn't bounce. Sometimes he spread like the butter in the pan, and sometimes he stayed down, but he was starting to fear the idea of cracking like it was inevitable. He drizzled the batter into the pan and listened as it hissed, lost in thoughts of Sonoma and Teddy, walking down the dark country roads in his mind like he'd never left them behind. Where was Teddy tonight? he wondered. Was he looking at the same sky, the same moon? What else was occupying his eyes? He turned the pancakes over, trying not to hold onto these thoughts too tightly. It was oddly calming here, cooking in the semidarkness. He looked at the moon again and almost fought the temptation to howl. He flicked the stove off and slid the pancakes onto a plate. He laid the plate on the counter while he hunted for some silverware to eat it with(like a goddamn adult). He ran his fingers through the drawer, cursing slightly as he nicked his fingers. He pulled his hand from the pointy nest and nursed his injured finger in his mouth, angry at both himself and the utensils. Finally satisfied with his wet, partially numb finger, he moved his plate towards the sink and began eating, distracted again by the moon. Cliche as it was, it did have an almost ghostly glow. The streets were almost empty and that was something he'd never expected to see in New York... The book wasn't lying, he thought. There were more ghosts here than anywhere else. They weren't white and transparent, though. They didn't clank around in manors. They were the homeless, lost, and forgotten haunting the streets. There was one thing he promised himself right there and then, as he chewed his pancakes, and that was that he'd never become one of them. Tom couldn't sleep, but that wasn't new. His body never wanted to sleep when he wanted to rest, especially not lately. It was ridiculous how much excess sleeping could tire you out. It was a waste, being up in the middle of the night like this. Nothing to do and his attention span was shot to shit right now, anyway. And he was hungry, too. Maybe he could...hmm, no Sebs wouldn't have-well, maybe. He could just go check... \"Good morning, starshine. I made you breakfast,\" Tom greeted Sebs as he came to the threshold of the kitchen wearing his pajamas and a look of confusion. \"I could smell the stove. Tom, what are you doing up?\" Sebs was still blinking sleep out of his eyes and he was a little pale from being woken up prematurely, an effect that Tom was far too familiar with himself. \"Making pancakes. Chocolate chip.\" Sebs' eyes narrowed in suspicion. \"I didn't have pancake mix. Or chocolate chips.\" \"I went out,\" Tom shrugged. \"Where?\" \"To a store. That's where you buy things.\" \"When?\" \"Earlier.\" \"It's five AM. On a Thursday.\" \"Don't worry about it. Have some pancakes.\" Sebs looked at them dubiously. \"I'm not hungry.\" \"What's the matter?\" Tom smirked, \"Think they're dangerous? Full of rat poison?\" \"No, I think they're just pancakes. Besides, I don't have any rat poison, unless you bought that too.\" Sebs looked at the plates that were slowly becoming piled higher and higher with Tom's handiwork. \"Somehow I don't think those are for me.\" \"Am I gonna eat a whole batch of pancakes by myself?\" Tom deftly continued flipping the pancakes and pouring the batter. \"This is more than one batch. And I've seen you do it.\" \"Not recently. Who else would they be for? Somebody who I managed to meet because they accidentally wandered into this 500 square feet of space that I'm not allowed to leave ?\" \"You're allowed to leave, I'd just like to know where you're going-\" Tom finished the last pancake of the batch he'd been working on. \"You're missing the point. Just take the pancakes.\" Sebs looked like he was choosing his words carefully. \"Is this,\" he paused, \"is this an episode?\" Tom let out a sharp laugh. \"Sebs, you really think that I could tell you if I was having an episode? You are clueless.\" Sebs' ears reddened just a little. \"The fact that I want to help you doesn't mean I'm here to take your abuse. I'm not all that stupid. I know when you can help it and when you can't. You can choose to be a dick all you want, it's not going to do anything for you.\" He seems really mad. \"I'm here.\" \"Excuse me?\" \"You're not 'here', I am. This isn't my house, is it?\" Sebs' face creased in understanding and he bit his lip. \"I'm not trying to make you feel unwelcome. I want you here. I just don't understand,\" he gesticulated a circle around Tom and the pancakes, \"All this.\" \"There's nothing to understand. It's breakfast.\" Sebs gave him one of those looks. Tom sighed. \"If I understood everything that's going on in my head, I'd tell you. Probably. But I don't. I like pancakes. I like making things. I like doing stuff for myself and I finally felt like it for the first time, in a long time. I know it sounds weird but I swear there's nothing fishy going on. Okay?\" Slowly, Sebs nodded. \"Great. So, pancakes? I made honey butter,\" he gestured to the fridge, \"I also made some blueberry-strawberry ones with mangoes,\" he pointed at a plate that he'd finished making earlier, \"I used your fruit. I'll buy you more if you want.\" \"No, this is great,\" Sebs made a small smile, \"Thanks.\" \"I made orange juice too.\" They ate in silence, the only thing Tom could hear was chewing. \"These are good,\" Sebs breathed, \"Like, really good.\" \"I didn't make the batter,\" Tom said sheepishly, \"I just put the stuff in.\" \"You cooked it right, though. They're not mushy or rubbery,\" he continued to eat with enthusiasm. \"They're burnt around the edges.\" \"It keeps them crispy. Is this coconut?\" \"Yeah, is it too much?\" \"It's amazing.\" Tom looked at him in disbelief. Sebs swallowed the mouthful that he was currently chewing on. \"I'm serious, I like them a lot. Thanks.\" Tom grinned. \"Well, I'm glad you do, because you're doing the dishes.\" \"Tom!\" ","Summary":" Tom peered hopefully around the doorframe. Saturday morning breakfasts were his favorite. He got to"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"A Way In","Author":"Faintly Falling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7847502","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's just a pen. He's handled a lot of pens. It's such a simple act, this thing they've been building towards for more than a year. It's anticlimactic, almost. Just some papers, all that stands between a man and his status as human being. So much tension in such a little thing. Tom's not looking at him or anyone else. He's staring at the ground like there's something really interesting down there. Sebs'll leave him to it. He doesn't need that piercing gaze on him in addition to the weight of what feels like the entire hospital staff's eyes on him as well as that of the necessary officials. He needs to stop thinking about it. He looks to Tom again, seeking a reminder of purpose. This is one of the few times in the last year or so that he's seen Tom in natural light(the lobby of the hospital's got more windows than all the damn rooms put together) and it sinks in for Sebs just how much of a toll the place (and the meds) has taken on him. He's paler, and Christ, Sebs didn't think that was possible, bleached-pale, as if those harsh phosphorescent lights had sucked all the color out of him. His eyes seem to sit a little deeper in his face, his skin tighter, veins a little closer to the surface. It seems like it's lost some of it's elasticity too, his skin; the vague lines in his face are more pronounced than they used to be. The worst part, somehow, is his eyes. His eyes that now lack the certain level of (scrutiny) keenness they used to have. In its place is just... blank . Tom's still in there and Sebs knows it, he's seen him. Seen him in the flashes of rebellion, the way he's slowly claimed his range of motion back, heard him in the occasional full-voiced laugh, the not-quite-jokes. And it's all Tom, he's never going to stop being Tom, but it's confusing, like layers of ice in a frozen pond, water in between. You can't always tell where the water is, how close it is to the surface. He signs the thing, having read it through twice as was his habit, though he'd known what it would contain for months before now and passes it to Tom, who stares at it, though Sebs is fairly certain he's not reading it. Not even seeing it. Tom knows what it says, Sebs knows that. Even if Tom didn't have the greedy literacy of some kind of hungry word-piranha, they've been over this. They've been over it, they 've been over it with him...Tom would take offense to the idea that he needs his hand held, things repeated to him. Would've, might, probably does, but he hasn't said anything. That bothers Sebs, the quiet. The last time he'd gotten quiet , something had been very, very, wrong. But Tom signs it, slowly, the same handwriting Sebs remembers, just a little shakier, looser from lack of use. He holds onto the pen a few moments too long, then drops it in one sharp, sudden motion and lets it fall to the desk. Sebs can see the way his shoulders tighten and his limbs stiffen, the way he pulls his hands close to him like he's not allowed ... He places a hand on Tom's shoulder blade and squeezes gently, rubs it lightly for fear of hurting or alienating him. It was a gesture born from a childhood memory of weak, lemony tea and bodily weakness and being in bed for what felt like ages, clean garden smell with a touch of sweetness and the contented safeness that only a child could feel. An echo of soft voice and gentle touch... As he'd gotten older, he'd realized that his mother's idea of 'weak tea' was what most people called over-steeped and bitter and that her perfume smelled more like scented chemicals than real flowers. Tom doesn't seem to react to the touch, doesn't lean into it or relax(shit he's so tense). He's stiff as fuck and Sebs wonders if he's steeling himself, not moving or making eye contact so as not to betray an involuntary attack of emotion. Tom doesn't shy away, either. Doesn't flinch or move, which Sebs takes as permission, of sorts. He keeps his hand in place, though he ceases the pressure, the movement. It's firm. Solidarity. Tom doesn't move. Sebs feels a mild splintering at the base of his mind, sudden cold fear. Who would give him this responsibility? How could they trust him with someone else's life, someone who he'd already failed? There's nodding and words and a bottle of pills pushed in his hand, his usually meticulous mind wading thorough the directions like water due to the awkward silence roaring in his ears. He knows already what's being said; he's asked about the schedule, the side-effects, he's got it all in a little blue notebook sitting in his drawer at home. Memorized. He keeps an ear trained, though, for the suggestion of anything new. There isn't. Don't get him wet, don't feed him after midnight. Standard stuff. He's glad they get to leave, the staring- watching -Tom's clearly uncomfortable and, honestly, it's starting to weigh kind of heavy on him, too. There's people outside. He can see them. Not a lot of them, but clearly people who know what's going on. They came out to watch the show, he supposes, though there's not much to see. It could be a hell of a lot worse, he knows that. There's no handcuffs, no straight-jacket, no police or special cars and thank god. But on the other hand, this isn't exactly ideal and there's something that can be said about discreteness on the part of the hospital. He supposes he should know better by now than to expect people to do the right thing, especially where Tom's concerned and he himself, as well. Beggars can't be choosers. He hates to do this, fucking hates this right now but this is bullshit, he shouldn't have to... He turns to a doctor. \"Can we use the back exit. Please.\" He doesn't want to fucking ask these people for anything, he wouldn't and Tom wouldn't and he knows he can't speak for Tom but he's sure that he's pissed and god this whole thing sucks so fucking hard . Tom doesn't need this, he's not a spectacle. \"It's alarmed,\" The doctor's not exactly smug but Sebs knows this is a power thing, one last Parthian shot. He grits his teeth. \"Then reset it.\" He's far from a coward but this isn't about him. This is about his best friend and making sure his fractal fucking brain doesn't shatter again after being so slowly reassembled. This is about making sure his friend doesn't get shot on his way out of the parking lot. \"We're not doing that.\" Fuckers. He uses the hand that's still resting on Tom's shoulder to steer him in the direction oft the door; might as well get through this quickly. Tom's moving the least amount that he possibly can dead weight and his refusal to really help is only making this slower. They make it through the lobby and out the door(light's even brighter out here). Sebs chances another look at Tom, who's only looking through him. Sebs locks his eyes forward, fixing them on some point in the distance. He squeezes Tom's shoulder confidentially and they walk. People move back which is something he's thankful for. He hears murmuring but not distinct words and he hopes Tom is utilizing the same ability right about now. It's not so many people, but it was more daunting when they were near you, practically surrounding. The two of them move with the solemn slowness of a funeral march but they make their way to Sebs' borrowed car nonetheless. \"You're touching me.\" Tom points out, when Sebs pauses to fish the keys out of his pocket. \"I've been touching you.\" Sebs replies, trying to remain undaunted. The beep of the car unlocking itself startles them both. Sebs crosses to the other side of the car and takes the driver's seat. Tom stares at the door like he's contemplating it before finally lowering himself in, stiffly. Sebs refrains from starting the car, waits for Tom to buckle his seat-belt. \"I'm not gonna break, Sebs,\" Tom says with the faintest shadow of amusement. Sebs felt his face warm with self-consciousness. \"I know. I was just...You look like shit, you know.\" His voice had raised the end of the sentence in a way that he hoped sounded jocular. \"Yeah.\" Tom laughed in the not-quite-there way that used to make Sebs just the slightest bit concerned. \"I know.\" Now it was pretty much the only way Tom laughed. Sebs was trying to keep his eyes on the road, waiting for anything else Tom felt like sharing. He found himself waiting for a rather long time. As they got closer to Sebs' apartment, Tom made some kind of noise in his throat that made Sebs turn his head if only for a second. \"What is it?\" He tries not to react too fast, not to jump down Tom's throat and gag him on Sebs' own over-protectiveness, especially when everything has equal potential to overwhelm him. \"We're getting close, that's all. I know that I'm staying this time and nothing can change that.\" He can only guess what this means for Tom, never having to go back there. Not being confined or controlled or handled anymore. It occurs to him, too, that he himself will never have to go back there again. Never have to get searched for contraband and hit with dirty looks and jump through hoops just to see his friend. Tom's going to be around again and he can't help the slight happiness that surges through him when he realizes that. Tom doesn't speak for the rest of the ride and Sebs figures he can give him that right. Sebs parks, carefully, and waits for Tom before heading into the building. Tom moves slow still, not like he's in any hurry, but had Sebs not known there was an eye-patch on the face of the familiar shape in front of him with the too-long hair, he might've mistaken it for before and he knows it's not before and it never will be again but he's hoping for improvement, for Tom to be something like happy again so he'll wait and he'll work with it. The time of day is good for avoiding people in the lobby and that works for Sebs. He can't say if Tom would have any positive feelings towards their presence either, but he's guessing not. When they enter Sebs' apartment, he becomes aware of the fact that Tom is drinking it in, staring at it like he's just fallen down the rabbit hole. Sebs hadn't changed anything about it, or he doesn't think he has but- \"It's the same.\" Is all Tom says. Sebs indicates the couch, fitted with an spare sheet and the pillows and cushions rearranged for sleeping. \"I figured you'd wanna wait until you could pick out a bed yourself.\" He doesn't want run the risk of messing up Tom's back any more than the hospital bed already has, on top of the existing damage. \"Are you hungry? I can make something.\" It's probably the most food his house has seen in awhile, having made sure to acquire things that Tom would be willing to eat that also wouldn't aggravate his stomach on top of the medication. Tom shakes his head. \"We can go get your stuff whenever you want. If you just need to decompress...\" Tom nods and shit, he looks exhausted. \"So, I'll just let you rest, then?'' Tom nods again, looks to the couch hopefully. Sebs nodded and, god, Tom should not be asking permission to sit on the fucking couch. \"Just let me know if you need anything...\" \"Wait. It's cold.\" He's already under one blanket and it's summer. The air conditioner isn't even on. \"I'm still cold from...inside.\" He gives by way of explanation. Sebs supposes he should have anticipated this, wonders what other aspects of Tom's perception will be messed up for a while. He also doesn't want to discount the possibility that Tom picked up some kind of bug in the hospital. He's done enough research to be aware of the fact that those places are far from sterile; infections and illnesses spreading between the patients are much more common than he'd like them to be. \"I'll get you another blanket, sure, and you have your sweatshirt ...You want something hot? Tea or something?\" He realizes how ineffective he sounds, how much he's blustering and grasping but this is all he can do right now and dammit he'll do it because it's better than nothing. \"Do you have hot chocolate?\" God, he sounds every bit the child Sebs doesn't want to think of him as and it actually fucking hurts a little. \"I do, I think so.\" If he does, it's only because of Tom that he has it. He retrieves the blanket from the hall closet for Tom before heading to the kitchen. He hopes he'd had enough insight to remember that Tom loved the stuff and, sure enough, the efforts of digging in the cabinet yield the trademark soft, powder-filled envelopes . He waits for the water to boil, watches Tom through his not-entirely-closed-off kitchen. Tom is back. He's back, he's here, for real and nothing's going to take him away again. Well, nothing that Sebs is going to let happen again, anyway. Maybe he can't understand everything that's going on in Tom's ridiculously complicated mind but he can try to support him where he can, make the world around him easier to deal with while he wages his one-man war against life. This situation was still the unknown in so many ways; sometimes it only meant that touchy, moody Tom was a bit touchier and moodier, and sometimes it meant something else. It was hard to forget the look in Tom's eyes, the way it hardened his face when he talked about killing and Sebs wouldn't want to, not really. Tom was dangerous but shit, anybody who'd startled him from behind at too-close range could tell you that. The knowledge might make him more conscientious, but nothing was going to make him fear Tom. The microwave beeped, prompting Sebs out of his reverie. Sebs dumped the powder in and stirred. It was the kind with dehydrated marshmallows in it, which Tom had always loved. He made his way back to the living room where Tom accepted the drink, nursing it slowly. Sebs tries not to watch him because he knows full well that Tom can feel it even if he's not looking up but he wants some kind of reassurance, some way of knowing that Tom's okay with this even if he's not okay . His thoughts are clearly getting a little too loud because Tom responds to them. \"I know I'm not really talking. I'm just tired.\" He can give Tom that, the right to be tired. \"I'll let you sleep, then. Just holler if you need something.\" \"Sebs? Thanks. For this, I mean. All of it.\" \"Hey, don't worry about it.\" Within his bedroom, he tries to get some work done, plodding along when the thought breaks on him, imitating realization, that there's a murderer sleeping in his living room. It amazes him how little that thought bothers him and it actually occurs to him that he doesn't care very much. Tom's a murderer, but he's still Tom. Getting used to Tom's presence over the last few weeks, trying to be responsive to him while giving him space, well, it's been nigh-on tiring. Tom must agree because he's spent a fair amount of that time sleeping, or remaining comatose on the couch. When he does interact, he's run the gauntlet between spending minutes staring at Sebs, looking like he wants to say something to snapping at 'hellos' and 'goodnights'. Sebs was never entirely sure what mood he'd come home to, or what form it would take. Sebs makes sure he eats and drinks, encourages him to shower and to change his clothes. Tom spends rather inordinate amounts of time in the bathroom on the latter occasions, doing what Sebs can only guess isn't showering so much as standing under the water. He imagined it had to do with not having the threat of someone yelling at him for taking too long and demanding he get out because 'showering couldn't take that long' as he'd related to Sebs while he was still in the hospital. \"Maybe I should tell them I'm trying to drown myself,\" he had mused, \"I don't think they believe I'm sorry enough.\" Sebs is trying something a little different tonight. \"Come on, Tom, it's time to eat.\" He's considered the idea that to ask him to eat at the table now would seem like a control thing but it's not, not really. He wants Tom to engage again and Tom's not going to do that without initiation. Tom ambles into the kitchen stiffy, something Sebs takes notice of. He wanted to give Tom the chance to bring up the bed issue; he's got a room that would fit it and all, but Tom hasn't exactly shown interest in moving lately, or talking to Sebs, let alone other people. He turns around from the preparations he was making and realizes Tom's just standing there, waiting. \"Okay, wash your hands.\" He does and, inside, Sebs is still taken aback by it; stubborn, pushy Tom so pliant and taking his directions...but it's become the groove, like so many other things he's gotten used to. Sharing a table gives him the opportunity to get a good look at his friend without staring and he can tell that Tom's definitely looking better. He's got some of his color back(as much as he gets, anyway), and his face looks a little less lined. That's not a great gauge, mind you, considering his face tended to fluctuate between gaunt and puffy depending on how dehydrated he was on a given day on top of the medicine's damage. But he's started to lose that pinched, slightly starved look the hospital had given him, and his eyes were looking much less hollow. Tom's poking at the food like it's some unknown alien entity and Sebs tries to keep his tone light and joking. \"What, you got a problem with my cooking?\" It's not the execution that's the problem, he knows that. Sebs' macaroni and cheese is something Tom used to love and he'd have eaten it by the pound if given the opportunity. He'd known he'd be running the risk of Tom not being able to eat something so rich with his stomach still so sensitive but he'd hoped it'd encourage a little before or at least a little enthusiasm. \"I'm just not used to it. I can't taste it. I can smell it. It smells the same and I'm sure it tastes the same but everything tastes like paste now.\" \"Do you want something else, then? Some bread or soup or something?\" Tom shook his head. \"I'll eat it.\" Sebs hears a level of defeat that should never be capable of accompanying fucking macaroni and cheese . He takes note of how Tom's holding himself, how he can't lean back. \"How's your back doing?\" \" 'S too soft. The couch, I mean.\" \"You want to go check out beds tomorrow?\" He'd gladly have given Tom his own bed but he knows Tom wouldn't take it. Tom had always been territorial and now more than ever it's important for him to have his own space, something he can claim. This isn't just a favor or a gesture and he doesn't want it to come off as such. It's just Tom and the fact that Tom needs things and now he just needs a bit more than he did before. And if there's something Sebs knows that he himself needs, it's Tom. \"Okay. Yeah.\" \"You can have my bed tonight, if it'll help.\" \"I'm fine. I don't need it or anything.\" He's getting a defensive edge to his voice and, Jesus, are they really going to have an argument about a fucking bed ? \"Your back's all wrenched...you don't need to be in pain when there's a bed right there. It's just gonna get worse.\" \"I'm not your little pet psycho, Sebs. You don't need to-to take care of me .\" Tom's eyes flash and he's baring his teeth but Sebs knows any potential for attack is blunted by drugs and a small but significant influence of still-present physical weakness and conditioning . \"Someone has to.\" He may sound cooler than he intended but Tom merely flares his nostrils, pushes the chair back sharply (ignoring its squealing protestations) and stomps into the bedroom. No longer hungry for something he'd never particularly liked eating in the first place, Sebs pads to the living room. Pinching the bridge of his nose, he squeezes his eyes shut and resists the urge to go shout some sense into Tom, sits heavily on the couch that smells like the stale blankets that he hasn't washed yet per Tom's request. It was worth any frustration Tom took out on his bed if he actually slept on the damn thing and felt a bit better. He might not be able to stop Tom from being a dipshit but at least he could see it coming. And, hey, being a dipshit meant that he was starting to care again, which was something. It wasn't going to be easy, but the wheels were in motion and Tom's recovery was moving forward one way or another. ","Summary":" It's just a pen. He's handled a lot of pens. It's such a simple act, this thing they've been buildi"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"Escape From the World","Author":"Jersey Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7710878","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Another one looking into Tom's past, or at least an interpretation of it. In it we meet Teddy, Tom's cousin 2 years his junior. Not much to say about Teddy other than that he's a great adventuring partner and about the only friend Tom has. Teddy belongs to Faintly Falling, but I named him so...yes. Anyway, decided my page needed more sadness. As for the rest of Tom's family? I have an entire, well thought out, idea of them, but they're not relevant to this story so...no long family related rambling for you. Anyway, on with it. It really was a nice day. The sun was out, but it wasn't one of those cloudless days when the sun could find you wherever you tried to hide. No, a few clouds, white and puffy as in every storybook, hung in the sky occasionally overlapping the sun to deliver temporary relief. Most people were out doing sunny day things. Checking out markets, going to the park, swimming in pools, trips to the beach. Of course there were those that were sitting in their houses enjoying movies in air-conditioned living spaces with the curtains drawn. Then of course there were the two young men standing out in the driveway of one of their homes, one looking confused and the other excited. \"I need to get away from here. I just can't take it anymore. You know what I mean?\" Tom gave his cousin an anxious look as he awaited the younger boy's response to his words, tapping his foot impatiently upon the ground. Up, down, up, down… \"Tom, you say that kind of shit all the time. You know you never go anywhere or do anything stupid…mostly. You always come to your senses, like clockwork. C'mon…you're kidding right? Like when we were kids?\" \"No, Teddy,\" Tom replied, his throat tight making his voice sound pitchy as he tried to hold back the quiver of nerves in his throat. \"Not this time. I'm serious. I'm gonna do it. I'm already packed.\" Teddy shook his head, not looking convinced. He very rarely was. He couldn't believe this. He just wouldn't. It made no sense, and if it didn't make sense it had no business in his life as far as he was concerned. Very rarely did he make exceptions. \"But…why? Why do you have to leave? I don't get it. Why now? You've been acting so weird…possessed, lately, but I didn't think you were serious. You've always been kinda different, but even this seems off.\" \"Different?\" Tom asked, sounding half offended. \"Teddy, I'm not acting different . I just…I've been doing a lot of thinking. It sounds cliché, but I mean it.\" \"You've always been a thinker. So what? Maybe you think too much. You have a thought, and suddenly it's ok to abandon your family? Abandon me?\" The younger of the pair wasn't trying to hold back how he was feelings like the other, his eyes starting to burn as he stared at his cousin, reluctantly trying to understand why this would happen. Why it was happening. How could Tom look so calm? How could he be so composed? Or at least, how was he faking it so well? \"I'm not abandoning anyone!\" Tom snapped with a sudden flare of anger, already cold eyes looking harder with the sudden fury. Teddy jumped back as if he'd been bitten by some kind of wild or rabid animal, making a strange whimper sound as he breathed in surprised air. Tom had always been a bit moody, but he had never been like this. Sure, his older cousin had snapped at him before with equal fury, but this was different from all those other times. The edge in Tom's voice didn't sound like Tom. It sounded like a stranger with unknown motives and drives. The edge wasn't familiar or comforting or predictable. \"Ah, jeez…man, I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to bark at ya like that. It's just…I don't know.\" Tom removed his old Angels cap from his head, faded red and worn out from excessive use, and ran his hand through thick, dark, hair that fell back unevenly onto his head under its own weight. \"So…you are abandoning me…\" Teddy repeated, his voice low like a mumble as he looked down at the ground. Tom shook his head to assure the other, but such a gesture did no good if the other person wasn't looking at you. \"It's not that at all. You've gotta believe me,\" Tom sighed, reaching out and gripping the older teenager's shoulder in a firm but attempting comforting touch to calm him but also to get his attention. \"I'm not abandoning anyone. I'm not doing the abandoning. I've been abandoned. This family…\" Tom looked over at the house, his feet suddenly feeling itchy and wanting to move atop the driveway pavement so he dug a foot as much as he could into the blacktop. \"Teddy, I feel like no one else will understand that. I'm telling you because I know you'll be the only one that will notice I'm gone. I'm telling you . I'm not telling them. They won't notice when I'm gone. They won't miss me.\" \"I'll miss you…you say you're abandoned. You think I've abandoned you?\" Teddy replied, his ego bruised. \"You think I've pushed you away? That I'm pushing you away now? I don't…Tom, you're not making any sense, and I don't understand. I don't know what you're getting at.\" Teddy finally looked up, his eyes doing more than just burning, and he was almost certain they were red as he wiped his hand across them. They were dry, so why did they hurt so much? \"Teddy…\" \"Your head's in the fucking stars. To hell with the clouds. You're not even in this universe. You're lost out in fucking space. A fucking space cadet. Trapped in the darkness and your head.\" Now, it was Teddy's turn to lash out with sharp teeth, but it would seem that Tom was unaffected by the sound of his cousin's words. \"The dark isn't as harsh as the light you seem to hold so highly,\" Tom replied, meeting his cousin's eyes, and they really were red and looking painful. \"Remember when we'd stare at those same stars, Teddy? Remember that?\" \"Of course I do,\" Teddy frowned. \"I have a better memory than you do.\" Tom tried to hide a grin, but it was impossible. \"I know…but anyway, I'm making a point. Do you remember how it made us feel?\" Silence. \"Like we owned all the space in the world. We really were space travelers in an endless sea of blinking lights as far as we were concerned. Why wouldn't I want to be there?\" He gestured to the sky with his hat for emphasis. Teddy reluctantly followed it with his eyes before bringing them back to level. Teddy didn't respond. He simply stared back, his jaw clenched and his eyes strangely clear and focused despite their redness. He wished his eyes would stop hurting and that Tom would let go of some of that fucking composure he was keeping. \"I don't feel like that anymore. I don't feel that sort of freedom,\" Tom continued, walking onto the lawn, sitting down and then flopping onto his back, eyes closed. Teddy followed after him, grating his teeth and kneeling in the grass beside his cousin, the two of them sitting in silence. \"So, what do you feel?\" Teddy finally asked as he picked at the green grass, dropping the shreds on Tom's stomach absently. Creating a little \"mountain of grass\" like he'd done when they were little. There was no joy in it now. Tom opened his eyes and placed his hat back on his head. \"Small. Worthless, but mostly small.\" He sat up, crossing his legs and reaching his arms out onto the grass. It was oddly soft and green given the summer they were having. Normally it would have been hard and spiky, digging into his palms, but today it was comforting and cool on his hands. \"So what?\" Teddy asked, patience completely spent and annoyance invading his tone despite his best efforts to keep his poker face. He wanted to make sense of everything, of all of this, but with Tom sense was always just a bit out of reach. The one exception. \"That's not weird. Everyone feels small sometimes. It's kinda what people do.\" \"So what?\" Tom echoed with indignation as he pressed his fists hard into the ground as if the Earth would yield to his frustration. \"Teddy…I'm 21 years old, and you know what I have? You know what I've contributed to the world? Nothing. I've got nothing. My education isn't worth shit. There are people out there so much smarter than me, stronger than me. I'm the biggest loser in town, and everyone knows it. I'm so tired of the same shit every day. This town is suffocating me. Its people, our family…Teddy, I just can't take it anymore. I have to get out of here. I have to get out of here before it kills me.\" Tom looked over at his cousin, his face finally giving way to his defeated tone as a frown dragged down his expression. \"And you know it will. This town will kill me. I'm surprised I'm not dead yet.\" Tom's voice had dropped, making Teddy's heart sink down into his feet. Tom was serious like Teddy had only ever seen a handful of times before. He was extremely serious. The pair held another silent vigil between themselves on the summer grass, mourning something neither of them could name. \"So,\" Teddy began, his voice succumbing to cold acceptance. \"You say you have to leave, but what's going to happen to you? Where are you going to go?\" Despite his stiff posture, the boy's face had softened with concern. \"I really don't know what's going to happen to me. It's kind of exciting really,\" his cousin laughed, but it wasn't a cheerful sound. It was a sarcastic and deflated, a truly nervous sound. \"But I do know where I'm going if that makes a difference to you.\" \"It does. So, where're you gonna go?\" \"As far away as humanly possible without leaving the country. Foreign places would require too much paperwork,\" Tom replied with an excited smile. Teddy on the other hand did not look nearly as enthused and more confused. \"And where's that?\" Teddy asked not dropping the skepticism. \"New York City,\" Tom clarified, reaching into his pocket and pulling out a folded up page of a magazine with the New York City skyline on it. \"I wanna go there. To the city,\" he continued matter-of-factly. \"New York City…the city that never sleeps.\" \"You don't sleep as it is.\" Teddy grabbed the page from his cousin, looking over it with a scrutinizing gaze, at odds with the almost dreamy look in Tom's eyes as he envisioned whatever plan he had in his mind's eye. Teddy shook his head and handed the magazine page back, Tom taking it in his hands before returning it to his pocket. \"California too boring?\" Teddy asked sarcastically. \"Seriously though…how the hell are you getting to New York? That's the other side of the damn country. You've hardly ever left town on your own, and now you're going to New York?\" \"Buses are amazing things, Ted.\" Tom replied. His cousin rolled his eyes, skeptical just barely covering it now. \"Look, I know what you're thinking. I'm not going to get there over night by any means, but I will get there. You know when I say I'm going to do something that it's going to happen. Besides, I've always wanted to see other parts of the country.\" \"So now you think it's ugly here?\" \"Don't be such a sourpuss. I love Sonoma. I love California. You know that. It's beautiful here, but that's not enough. I need more than that. I've already told you why. It's hard to explain if you're not feeling it. If you could understand, that'd be fantastic, but if not…well, that's understandable too.\" \"You're a hopeless romantic,\" Teddy said as he shook his head looking genuinely disappointed. \"They're going to eat you alive. I hope you know that.\" \"Must you be so pessimistic?\" \"Don't you use those four syllable words of yours on me,\" Teddy replied with a hesitant smirk despite himself. \"Ya know I don' talk so good.\" \"Well, you're just so vexatious all the damn time that I just have to defend myself and fight back some of the time,\" Tom smiled, sticking his nose up in the air. Again Teddy grinned and even laughed, but this time Tom joined him. In fact, one would have thought it was the funniest thing either of them had ever heard the way the two of them carried on, howling with laughter out on the lawn. Still, once the laughter ceased, Teddy's face once more became solemn and hard. He looked up once more at Tom, keeping as best a straight as he could. \"So, you're still leaving, eh?\" Tom nodded, his eyes low and focused. Teddy frowned and pressed his lips together as he thought. Tom wasn't giving an inch, not that he ever did. He'd gotten this crazy idea into his head, and Tom was nothing if not a man of sheer will power. Teddy had no doubt in his mind that if Tom wanted to get to New York, that he was going to get there one way or the other. Still, it wasn't making these facts any easier to accept. It was time to throw a cheap shot. \"Ya know…ol' Maxie is gonna be mad at you for leaving like this.\" \"That ol' mutt is always mad. Teddy, that was really weak.\" \"Look, I just don't want you to go, ok? Is that wrong? There's nothing clever or witty about it. I want you to stay. It's just that simple,\" the younger boy practically whined, not at all appropriate for one his age. \"I want to stay too,\" Tom admitted, causing Teddy to perk up in interest. So, he did want to stay, so why wouldn't he? \"I just cant though…I can't.\" Teddy drooped once more. So much for that glimmer of hope. \"I have to leave . I have to go ,\" Tom continued with emphasized urgency. His eyes looked out to the open sky as if he were about to sprout wings and fly away. Teddy wouldn't have been the least bit surprised if did just that, but Tom remained firmly planted on the ground though his mind was clearly soaring. \"They're gonna hate your hat,\" Teddy announced, tugging the brim down toward Tom's eyes in an effort to bring him down from the sky and back into the safety of reality, back down to Earth. It seemed to work as Tom's face gave way to recognition as he pulled away from Teddy's grip and placed his hands atop his head and thus his hat defensively. \"Yeah, well, the world can just deal with it,\" Tom laughed sharply, pressing his hands down harder. \"Besides, I'm an adult. I do what I want.\" \"You're an idiot. That's what you are. I know you won't listen to me though. You've made that abundantly clear,\" Teddy sighed, looking more disappointed and deflated than angry or anything else. \"You're a really smart idiot.\" \"I'd be an even bigger idiot if I didn't do anything about this at all. I'd be miserable…well, more miserable,\" Tom shrugged as he stood up, brushing what remained of the grass form his shirt. Teddy mirrored the shrug, but turned to start picking at the grass as he had been before. \"So, I guess that makes me the idiot in this doesn't it?\" \"What makes you say that?\" Tom asked, giving Teddy well meaning but nervous nudge to the side with his foot and sounding genuinely concerned. \"It's nothing big, I just feel like I should have seen this coming. That's all. I spend enough time with you. You'd think I'd understand you by now.\" Teddy looked back at his cousin, but Tom had focused on the grass as he sat down again, twisting it idly between his fingers. Clearly he didn't have any commentary or at least wasn't saying anything if he did, so Teddy simply continued. \"You've been acting weird. I said that before, but I really mean it.\" Tom made a face. \"Ok, you've been acting weirder than you usually do.\" \"What do you mean?\" Tom asked, the grass no longer interesting. \"Don't pull that bullshit on me. You know exactly what I'm talking about. You've been away. Off somewhere, maybe not the stars that I mentioned, but definitely off somewhere in your mind. You're not my cousin half the time. Not the one I know anyway.\" Tom made a hurt face, his shoulders visibly drooping along with his head making him look smaller, more vulnerable. \"Ok, ok…\" Teddy continued. \"You're still Tom. You're still you. Jeez…\" Still, Tom did not look up. \"You're right though. That's why I feel so shitty. This isn't me, and I know it. That's why I'm leaving this place. I want to be me. I want to feel like I did before all this stupid nonsense began. I can't do that here.\" \"I guess I'll just have to convince myself that makes some kind of sense,\" Teddy replied, the burning returned but this time with the sting of wetness behind the pain. \"You're making the sad face.\" \"I am not,\" Teddy retorted, but his voice gave him away as it squeaked out as he tried to control it. \"I'm fine. I'm accepting this. Didn't you hear me?\" \"Please don't bullshit, Teddy. It's not a good look for you, and if I can't do it neither can you,\" Tom replied, furrowing his brow. Bullshit was just the sort of thing he was planning on avoiding, and he didn't want to hear it from the one person he felt compelled to trust. \"Are you sure there's nothing I can do? Don't you just want to…I don't know…hang out? Watch a movie? Cause havoc?\" Teddy hadn't wanted to sound desperate, but now he realized that it was exactly how he was feeling. He didn't want Tom to go, his cousin to disappear, his friend to leave. \"We could go for one more ride.\" Teddy met his cousin's gaze, doing his best to fight back against his eyes protests. \"Only one more?\" he asked, though it was more like a low whine at this point. \"Only one more,\" Tom repeated, standing up once more and looking down at the top of his cousin's head. Teddy searched the ground for an eternity; wiping his eyes until he was satisfied they would not betray him, before looking back up at Tom who was watching him calmly. Tom reached out a hand, and Teddy stared at it for a moment or two before taking it and standing up, trying to ignore the somewhat impatient tug on his arm. As he got to his feet his eyes crossed Tom's face, studying it in hopes of finding weakness, but he found none. Only a confident smile like he hadn't seen in the longest time, which wore on his own pessimism and made him smile back. \"I'll get my keys.\" ","Summary":" Author's Note: Another one looking into Tom's past, or at least an interpretation of it. In it we m"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"In Vodka Veritas","Author":"Faintly Falling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7522000","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tom's job sucks. That's nothing new. He knows it sucks but today it feels like it's going to suck worse than usual and Tom's never been one to invite suckiness when he can avoid it. If anything, Tom's inclined to trust his instincts. Using a sick day definitely seems worth it. What else would he do with them? On impulse, he decided to visit Sebs, since Sebs was a much better alternative to suckiness. Sebs was a much better alternative to most things. Tom didn't really hesitate to invade his friend's personal space, mostly because Sebs never really seemed to get too bothered by it, even when he maybe should have been. Even if he did, Tom's got no one else. He'll take the risk. He was expecting Sebs to be home, maybe sitting on the couch, watching TV or reading a book. Maybe making himself whatever passed for dinner. What he didn't expect was to come into a house seemingly devoid of Sebs, the coffee table in the living room serving as a resting place for a half-full bottle of vodka, a bottle of Indian tonic water, and a very wet, very empty glass. Unease started to settle on him. Sebs was an adult and could very well do whatever he pleased, but he had the alcohol tolerance of a fourteen year old girl and was well aware of it. Sebs usually kept a strict handle on himself whenever he consumed alcohol and rarely allowed himself to get too far gone. As far as Tom knew, Sebs didn't drink alone. At least, not since they'd become friends. Tom moved closer to inspect the display before him. The bottle of tonic water was open, but barely had any liquid missing. Clearly Sebs had started out trying to cut the vodka and decided 'the hell with it'. That probably wasn't a good sign. He's idly wondering if Sebs is in his bedroom trying to sleep it off and he's debating going in to check on him when he hears a loud toilet-flush. Sebs emerges, slowly. \"Heyyy Tom, when'd you get...how'd you get in?\" \"You didn't lock the door.\" Tom keeps his tone neutral, calm. \"You'd think I'd know better, right? Who knows what could have wandered in?\" He laughs, louder and more uncontrolled than usual, \"Sorry I wasn't out here...You know booze makes me pee like a race horse.\" He laughs awkwardly at that and so does Tom, a little. This isn't so bad, he supposes, maybe Sebs just drank so fast that he powered through some of his nausea and he's close to passing out. The logical part of his brain screams at him that his alcohol-intolerant friend just drank half a bottle of vodka and even normal people aren't supposed to do that. \"I do. You know what else alcohol makes you do? It makes you sick, Sebs.\" \"So? I've been keeping it down...\" Oh, jeez. \"I'm gonna get you some water. You need some water.\" \"You're worried about me? You're worried about me! You're actually worried about me. That's so cute.\" \"I have to be worried about you. That's our thing.\" Tom trudged through the kitchen, riffling through the familiar-but-still alien cabinets searching for a glass. A big glass. He adds some chunks of ice and some water from Sebs' fancy-ass dispenser and comes back to him sitting bonelessly on the couch, dutifully holds it in his face. \"Drink.\" \"I did.\" He laughs, all giddy and hyper...Did Sebs actually just giggle? Oh yeah, Tom is totally using this as blackmail fuel when this is all over. \"Drink or I'll pour it down your throat.\" Sebs takes a short, stubborn sip and makes a petulant face. \"So, what happened here, Sebs?\" \"I happened. This is just a normal afternoon. What are you on about?\" \"I know for a fact this isn't a normal afternoon. Why were you drinking?\" \"'Cause it tastes goooood.\" Tom gives Sebs a no-nonsense face he can recognize even in his befuddled state. \"No reason. I was just sad. You ever get really sad , Tom? Like you're never gonna be happy again, no matter what you do? And you think the moment will pass, you're pretty sure, but some part of you knows that it'll really never go away, no matter what you do?\" What could Sebs possibly have to be sad about? \"Too often. That's still no reason to get bombed off your ass.\" Realization hits Tom. \"Did you even go to work today?\" \"Sort of. Maybe.\" \"You shouldn't skip work. They can fire you for that.\" \"What's with the third degree? What are you, my mother? It's a damn sight more concerned than she's ever shown for me...\" Oh, God. \"Besides,\" Sebs continued, \"they can't fire me. I'm the boss. Sort of. Fuck the job.\" He swigs the water with a relish like he thinks it's liquor and it makes Tom laugh. \"You love your job, Sebs. I know you do.\" \"I do love it. But I just hate it. You know how you can love something so much and still hate the shit out of it?\" \"You're not making any sense.\" \"You don't make sense.\" \"Drink your water. Do you want anything else, some toast?\" \"You're being so nice to me. Why?\" \"I'll make you some toast. Your stomach's going to be bothering you if you don't eat anything.\" Tom wanted to do something, anything. He was feeling the insecure panic of roles turned on their heads, the way a child must feel when it's parent is sick. Logically he knew that Sebs would eventually be fine, if nauseous and shitty-feeling for awhile, but Sebs just didn't do stuff like this. Tom wasn't afraid to admit it. He was a little scared. What could make Sebs this upset? He wondered again, staring at the toaster like it was going to give him some answers. He handed Sebs the toast in a paper towel. Sebs just stared at it. \"Eat it. You'll feel better.\" Sebs looks at him with one of the most hopeless faces he's ever made \"Nothing can make me feel better.\" Sebs wasn't above a little self-pity but he'd rarely let it out on Tom. He was too proud. This was so strange but it was also kind of...endearing, he hated to say. For Sebs to be so vulnerable around Tom, even if he wasn't quite aware of it...It made Tom feel trusted. Tom gave him the toast anyway, knowing that he was pretty passive and suggestible right now. When he lowered it, however, Sebs grabbed his wrist. \"You really are cute, you know. Not like...but cute like a puppy. A little lost puppy. With sharp teeth.\" Sebs loosened his grip but still kept his hand on him. Tom lowered himself to Sebs' level, placing himself on the couch, thinking it would change but Sebs merely changed his focus, starting instead to pet Tom's hair. Tom knew better than to fear any advance from Sebs and all this did was make him feel amused by knowing how awkward this knowledge would make his normally stoic friend after the fact. Truth be told, it was kind of nice, this type of affection. It wouldn't be a terrible thing if Sebs was physically demonstrative a little more often. Sebs seemed reluctant to remove his hands from him after the actions had ceased, his dominant hand sitting on Tom's arm, the other on Tom's head. \"A puppy. With teeth. You're this hyper little fuzzy thing that makes everyone want to take care of it. But you bite sometimes too. There's not even much of a warning. And your teeth are sharp…\" Tom didn't know what to make of this. Sebs might've compared him to a dog before but this had a sound to it. Like it was significant somehow. \"What do you mean, Sebs?\" Tom spoke slowly and deliberately. \"Your teeth…are sharp. You just freak out sometimes. It's scary. You scare me.\" \"I scare you.\" \"Ugh, you're doing it. You're doing the scary. I worry about you with…stuff. With people.\" Tom felt a fire burning behind his eyes and in his limbs. \"You worry about me.\" \"For. I worry for…\" Sebs tried to rest his head on Tom's shoulder, clearly running out of steam. Tom moved away sharply, (roughly) nudging him as he did so. Sebs didn't even realize he was falling and had to settle for the couch arm instead. Tom stood up. \"I need to piss.\" Bathrooms are good for thinking and Tom wants to get as far away from Sebs as possible right now. Shut up in Sebs' stupid too-clean bathroom, with his stupid lotion and all his chrome and his stupid nice too-soft towels. He can't believe what he's just heard. The idea that Sebs had been so close to him physically and mentally for so long, spent so much time near him, all the while thinking that Tom could hurt him, could hurt other people. Tom feels dirty suddenly, like everyone can see the caution tape: Danger! Do Not Cross wrapped around him like a straight jacket. You like to play with danger, Sebs? I'll show you what it's like to play with danger. Logically, Tom knows that Sebs doesn't know what he's saying, that a confrontation is useless because he probably won't understand or even remember it. Tom also knows that he can't stay in this bathroom forever, that he can't just sit on this because it'll drive him crazy. He needs to talk to Sebs and he's got to trust himself not to kill him. He walks into the living room, running through things in his head, looking for the words. He's got the words on the tip of his tongue when the sight he sees deflates him like a balloon. Sebs is clearly out cold, sprawled on the couch, resting on his side. Tom wants to shake him, to yell at him. It's so damned unfair that he gets to sleep through this, to just tune out and walk away when Tom is so fucking bothered . Story of Tom's life. Tom truly wants to throttle him for a moment, but the heat instead fades into cold. Cold, icy fury that leads him to calmly walk into Sebs' bedroom when he'd rather break his face. He takes in the room in all of its anal neatness, everything just so . He looks at the bed with its stupid hospital corners and its padded headboard and the fruity Egyptian cotton sheets that have way more threads than anyone could ever need. He sits on it, feels how it yields under him. Firmer than he's used to. Newer. He punches it, likes the slight hesitation it gives before it springs back into shape. He can imagine it's Sebs' reaction, that this'll hurt him even if he never permanently shows it. It was satisfying, but he's by no means ready to be done with this. The excessive neatness of the bed strikes him again, the way it's always perfect like this. You could do with some redecorating, Sebs. He smiles at his non-joke. He yanks off the comforter and throws it on the floor, making a point of walking on it as he crosses to the other side of the bed. He loosens the bottom sheet, knowing it'll come off with movement. He untucks the covers, sitting them on top of the whole thing. He drops the pillows to the floor as well, keeping one to put his feet on later. He looks at the rest of room but he's already running out of steam and besides, he doesn't want to do something he'll regret. He arranges himself in the nest of blankets and sleeps in satisfaction. The bottom sheet is wadded up in a corner of the bed the next morning and Tom is somehow pleased to realize that his anger carried over into sleep. It's definitely duller, but still present. He's sore. He leaves the bedroom, idly wondering when Sebs is going to wake up when he comes seemingly out of nowhere. Speak of the devil. \"Hey…\" Sebs' tone is light, maybe a little unsure, \"I don't remember much of what happened last night. I was being stupid, I guess—\" \"You were.\" Sebs looked confused for the smallest fraction of second but he plowed on. \"I was probably a huge pain in the ass, I know, I was annoying as hell and I just wanted to say thanks for sticking around, thanks for trying to help me out. You're a good friend.\" He smiles a self-conscious, contrite smile. A smile that says 'I'm an idiot, cut me a break, please.' And Tom almost wants to, but then he remembers this smile from previous times unknown, wonders if it's a feature of Sebs' act. He wonders if Sebs even knows when he's acting anymore. \"I gotta go. You should go to work, Sebs.\" \"I called in already. Not like I ever take days off anyway. I am the boss. Sort of.\" Sebs doesn't seem to recognize that he's just quoted himself and all it does is make Tom angrier. \"I gotta go. Bye.\" Tom makes his exit, looks back when he gets to the door and feels satisfied when he observes Sebs' befuddled investigation of his bedroom. Tom feels victory buzzing in his ears; he's flushed with it. He's nearly at the end of the building's long-ass hallway when he remembers a decorative oversize key that hung in his childhood kitchen. Pewter with engraved vines trailing all over it. Beautifully scripted words in another language, an idea that confused him at the time. In vino veritas . 'In wine there is truth', his mother had told him at the time. There certainly is. ","Summary":" Tom's job sucks. That's nothing new. He knows it sucks but today it feels like it's going to suck w"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"Inquiries and Apologies","Author":"Jersey Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7798046","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Another story already? Yeah, I know...what is this. Of course you'll notice it isn't terribly long. It's just an idea that popped into my head and wouldn't go away so I took some time out of my evening to throw it onto my computer because I was tired of thinking about it. So yeah, this could take place in canon with Tom looking back in death on that night like in my previous story Burn Out , or it could be taken as being in my AU where Tom doesn't die and he's talking to someone in the mental hospital. So yeah, have some Tom being icky and human. Also, I like rhinos. They don't understand my meaning. They cannot decipher my code, which is quite a pity when I think about it. I'm not all that hard to figure out. I always give them the same answer to their mundane, little, question. Why they find it so hard to comprehend is beyond me. A real conundrum, a mystery. So many unneeded words…but yeah, I just don't get it. They've asked me the same thing a million different ways. Creative ways to word the exact same thing over and over again. \" Do you feel remorse? Are you sorry for your actions, Thomas?\" Ok, make it a million and one. Mark up one more tally on this wall of mine. I've told them though. I've told them. I truly have. I've told them a million times for their million questions, and I'll tell them a million times more if they keep on asking me with the frequency they do. Like they expect my answer to suddenly change all of the sudden. A sudden enlightenment coming down from the sky in a flash of light to show me the errors of my ways. That's not happening because honestly, I already know the error of my ways. I'm crazy, not stupid. Still, these people want to know, and that's not really all that bizarre. Poke the freak and see what comes out of him. I get it, but I can't say I'm very fond of it. A therapist would notice my distaste for people who want to poke and prod at things that don't need it if I bothered with them or took them seriously. They all want to make sense of my mind, but how can they hope to understand it if their interpretation of it skews its meaning beyond any sort of recognition? Applying their sense to my mind is something akin to trying to stick a rhino through the eye of a needle. It's just not going to happen unless you rip the rhino up into teeny, tiny, scraps…threads if you're really going for getting that rhino through the needle, and by then you might as well not even call it a rhino anymore. It's just not worth the effort. You're not putting that rhino back together again. Even if you do, you'll just have a dead rhino. I really don't know where I'm going with that whole rhino thing, but well…I had a metaphor, and I just kind of kept going with it. I don't know. Maybe it makes sense. I couldn't tell you. I couldn't tell you a lot of things that I'd like to for fear of misinterpretation. Don't get me wrong though. It's not that my thoughts are completely senseless or anything like that. It's not like they don't make any kind of sense. That's simply not true. My thoughts make sense, but not in the way the world wants them to make sense if you get my meaning. And now you're giving me that look. That painfully curious look that they all get as soon as I start talking or they hear about what it is I've done. I suppose one does not often get to pry into the mind of a murderer, a psychopath, or simply a \"psycho\". It's interesting, I'll admit. I even entertain myself with some questions of my own. Of course, they're much more interesting and developed questions than the one I'm sure you're thinking of right now, yeah? You're curious…you want to know too. You want to see if you can understand me. Figure out what causes many people to find me disgusting and vile, less than human. You want to know if I'm sorry. You want to know if I regretted doing the horrible things I did. Kidnap, murder, inappropriate touching…I won't deny that these things happened. I'd be an idiot if I did, and I'd also be in denial. I'm past that stage now I figure. Besides, it's hard to deny something happening when it can be seen playing out before you on a screen. Still…it's a curious question. Am I sorry? Well, that all depends on what you're talking about. Let's just get this first little thing out of the way. I'm so fucking sorry about Rocky. I just…he hadn't done anything. Silly pooch was only doing what I told him to. I'm such a horrible pet owner. I shouldn't have been able to have a pet rock let alone a dog. I was lucky to have Rocky, but damn…poor boy; he didn't deserve to be in my hands. Ah, but now I'm making myself sad, and there's other things to attend to. As far as Karl's death is concerned…I'm kind of in the middle of the road. He didn't have to die, and really…I am sorry his death impacted people. I feel bad for his kids, his wife…it's unfortunate that his death hurts people whom I can't say I have anything against. They've said some incredibly nasty things to me, and I don't blame them. I took someone away from them that they cared about, and I'm a horrible person for that. However, if you want to know if I was sorry in that moment…well, frankly, no I wasn't. It wasn't that Karl had wronged me in any particular way. Not at all really. He was actually rather tolerant of me if not nice to me when I did see him. Occasionally, I suppose he'd roll his eyes at me, especially in the beginning. I was always running up to him and asking him how to do certain things. He'd always point me in the right direction and send me back to my post. I still killed him though. I thought of it as more of a necessity than something I truly wanted to do. Distanced myself…and if you must know…I really didn't want to kill him. Just knock him out so that he wouldn't get in the way of my plans… But I…it just felt so good. I hit him too hard, and I knew it just wouldn't be right for him to go on like that, and I mean…shit, it just felt so fucking amazing to get out all that god awful frustration. I remember smiling as he hit the ground. Poor, poor, Karl…I enjoyed the moment. The fucking rush, but when it was over I felt like such shit. I'd killed someone. I'd killed someone! Me…the stupid, insignificant, Joe had up and killed his co-worker. An accident honestly, but I had enjoyed that accident. Felt myself something close to crying when I dumped him in the elevator shaft. So as far as Karl's concerned…I'd say that of everyone involved I can say I am sorry about that whole thing with Karl. More so the effect it had. It's unfortunate that Karl's not among the living. It's sad his family's going to miss him, and it's a damn shame that it's my fault. But the high I got from that moment before I realized what I'd done, I'm not giving that up. I really don't know if I've ever felt more exhilarated in my life. I'm assuming you also heard of the nastiness inflicted on Jim. Beat his brains in before giving him a whole body makeover with my car and the wall. Like Karl I really had no intentions of killing the fucker, but as I tend to do I got carried away. I wanted to show him…show him that you don't mess with people. Just thinking about it is making me feel sort of warm and fuzzy inside. Don't give me that look. You don't even know the feeling. I know you haven't. Jim was a complete asshole, and I wanted him to know me. See my face and know that there are people out there who aren't willing to put up bullshit like his. I wanted him to remember that, which is why my initial plans didn't involve him being dead. So much for that. I'm moody. What else can I say? Killing him felt like exorcising all these demons I had in me. That asshole was this effigy that I had to burn, send a message to the world that Tom wasn't taking it anymore. Yes, I suppose I did do it for her as well, but…well, I'm selfish. She was just one element of all of this. She tipped the scale, but I feel like I was just building up to all of this on my own. I'm not sorry the asshole is dead. I'm not sorry I got pushed to the point of making him a martyr for a cause he wasn't even aware of. If you must know, it was far more satisfying that Karl was because I wanted to hurt him. Make him suffer. Make him pay for all the pain I'd ever felt. Every single pain I'd ever endured in my life. All the times I'd felt abandoned and wronged. He was all that put together into this lump of human flesh. A punching bag for me to destroy to prove to the world that I could do it. That I was the white knight they'd all been waiting for to save them from the wretched things in the world. How funny that I'm one of those horrible things now. Irony is quite the nasty beast isn't it? Still, that bastard had a family. A kid…a baby, and my heart does go out to that poor thing. I don't like thinking about it because I am human after all. I'm feeling sick talking about it…if you don't mind I'm going to move off the subject of Jim . I've had quite enough of that nastiness. Both concerning his family and my own naivety. I can't save the world. I can save anyone. I'm sure you know who comes up next. You've got the expectant look like you know exactly what's going to happen next. No offense or anything, but fuck you. Am I the one answering the question or are you? That's what I thought. Angela Bridges, workaholic, pretty, strong, lonely…it's too bad I was such an ass to her. There, I said it. I feel like in some other world we may have even gotten along, and that's not just my emotions talking. But that is neither here nor there. What's done is done, and I can't change it no matter how hard I want to. I acted inappropriately, and I'll admit that kidnap isn't exactly the best way to make someone fall for you, feeling them up after undressing them isn't exactly a stellar either, but I insist that my intentions were not malicious. I simply saw someone who seemed alone like me. I wanted to share my loneliness with her. Maybe in doing that I'd feel less pain. I'd be less lonely. But of course I wasn't exactly in the proper mood to explain all that to her. It doesn't help that I'm just horrifically awkward and lacking in social niceties, but that is just one of those personal issues that I'm just going to have to work out myself. I'm apologetic for my actions, but it doesn't make me any less angry. Horrible person that I am, I'm angry at her. I hate her for this, and I can't even place my finger on all the reasons why. Yes, there are the obvious reasons her continued existence irks me, but that's not the only reason. It's full of layers. This situation has so many damn layers…like onions and cake, but far less pleasant than either. I suppose it's just jealousy. I'm jealous of her normalcy. Her ability to continue to function as a member of society while I just can't . She has moved on from this whole incident by now I'm sure, probably with emotional scarring, but she still has the opportunity to be normal. I'll never be normal again, and that's all I ever wanted. And now I'm realizing that I inflicted this upon myself, but god dammit…I'll be damned if I'll allow anyone to say she didn't have some hand in it. Then of course that leads to me…there's always me… I'm never going to escape this. It's my curse. Forever doomed to remain in the purgatory of people's memories for this one event in my life. They'll never know who I am or why I acted the way I did. They simply don't care for \"crazy fucks\" that just snap because \"that's just how they are\". Acting \"the innocent\" and denying any sort of responsibility for people like me. That it's just not possible that the way they treat people actually affects those people and that if they don't watch it those people will come back with their teeth bared. I hate that people call me unfeeling, unmoved. I'm quite the opposite actually. If I didn't care so damn much I wouldn't have let the assholes of the world get to me. I would have been strong and persevered through all this bullshit. But I didn't do that did I? I caved into my feelings and snapped like a fucking twig. Have you ever broken a twig? Yeah, imagine snapping a twig with a bulldozer. It was something like that. So, yeah, I'm fucking apologetic for certain things. I'm sorry I affected people who I know had nothing to do with why I felt the way I did. But at the same time I can't help but be glad I did something . I'm glad I didn't just stay a speed bump that people would only acknowledge when they had to run it over, completely forgetting that it actually has a valid function. I've come to terms with all that shit. Every last bit of it. I've analyzed it a million times, and I've been nice enough to report my findings more times than I'd like to admit. But you know what? I'm still unhappy, and I hope you understand me because right about now understanding is the only thing I want, and it's the only thing I've ever wanted. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Another story already? Yeah, I know...what is this. Of course you'll notice it isn't"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"Introductions","Author":"Jersey Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7788139","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: This story was done to cheer myself up because I've been feeling generally kind of \"blah\". Not much else to say, so...read on whoever's out there. I warn you, there's just awkward and adorable ahead because I have a heart made of jelly. \"So, we'll see you in a bit then?\" \"Yep, I'll get there around noon. Maybe a little later since you know how traffic can be,\" Jackie replied fingers drumming on the arm of her couch as she quietly wished for the telephones with cords you could twist around your fingers when you were anxious. Cordless phones were great, but there was something to be said about rubber-coated wires. \"Oh, and Mom…there's one more thing.\" There was a pause on the other end of the line, and Jackie bit her lip, wondering for half a second if her mom could read her mind like some kind of superhuman power that most kids are convinced their mothers have, now taking to twisting her hair around her fingers in the absence of a telephone chord. \"And what's that?\" her mother asked with parental skepticism. The kind anyone could recognize whether it was coming from their parents or not. It was layered thickly with \"I'll still love you, but if this is anything stupid I'll have your head\", which was never quite as comforting as parent figures would have liked to believe it was. Maybe she should just keep it a surprise, but Jackie cleared her mind before it got too swamped up with rationales. She was doing this. There was no reason not to. \"I was going to bring a friend of mine. I've kinda…wanted to introduce you to him since he's such a good friend and all.\" \"A friend?\" he mother asked. Jackie made a pathetic face as if she expected it to make a difference to the person on the other end of the line. It didn't work when she was a kid, and she knew it wouldn't work now, but still, it was worth a shot. Better to try and fail or something like that. \"Sweetie, you know I know better than that.\" Crap. \"So, who is he? Is he cute?\" \"Moooom…\" she whined, any and all ability to be a well behaved adult leaving her. Few people enjoyed getting those kinds of questions from their parents when they were teenagers, and it would seem that for this situation it hadn't gotten any less awkward with time. Heck, even among friends such conversations were often wrought with well meaning teasing. \"Don't you 'mom' me, young lady. You know I know better than that. I raised you, and I know your tricks.\" Jackie groaned, moving the phone away from her face and burying her face in her arm momentarily at being put in her place. She was adult and yet it still only took a few words to set her back to being a child. How embarrassing. \"Yes, Mom…he's cute,\" she forced out, bringing the phone back to her ear. \"But look…don't read too much into it ok?\" \"Don't read too much into it? But that's impossible for me not to. It's my job to do just that. So, tell me, what's he like? Does he have a name?\" \"Of course he has a name,\" Jackie replied rolling her eyes and avoiding the question. Not because she had anything to hide, but because the teenager that resided in the back of her mind didn't want to give her mother the satisfaction of an answer. \"You just rolled your eyes at me.\" \"I did not.\" \"You did too. I could here your attitude through the phone. Drop it or I won't let you bring you friend over.\" Jackie thought to stick her tongue out, but she figured her mom would notice that too since today it would seem she was putting her mom powers to full use. There was no fighting it. Might as well give in at this point. \"His name's Tom.\" \"Tom? Oh, I've always liked that name. It's quaint.\" \"Yes, well…I wouldn't say his name quaint to his face. He's a bit uppity about stuff like that.\" \"Sensitive guy?\" \"You could say that,\" Jackie shrugged as she searched her mind for a better description. \"He's really weird actually.\" Ok, that hadn't exactly been what most would call better, but well…it was something. \"How so?\" \"He just has odd habits. Quirks, mannerisms…he takes a bit of getting used to, and he's just about the most stubborn man I've ever met in my life. He'd give Dad a run for his money. And…well, he's funny. Kind of in an unfortunate way. Makes you want to take him home and take care of him. Like a puppy or something.\" \"He sounds charming,\" her mother laughed, which lifted Jackie's hopes up. Maybe this wouldn't be so bad. \"He's something,\" she nodded. \"I assure you of that.\" \"And you said he's cute?\" the older woman added teasingly, and Jackie could almost see that tightlipped smirk of hers on the other end. \"Oh, yes, very cute,\" Jackie said shaking her head with no shortage of playful sarcasm. \"Really cute if you like pirates…\" she added quickly under her breath. \"What was that?\" \"Eh, nothing. Don't worry about it. He's cute. I promise.\" \"Mhm…\" \"What was that for?\" \"Oh, nothing. So…\" Jackie frowned. Not her mother's \"so\". It always ended up leading to something bizarre or uncomfortable. It never failed. Ever. \"What?\" Jackie asked reluctantly. She knew she was going to be asked anyway, but she might as well make it seem like she was inviting it. Maybe it'd feel less awkward that way. In the same way asking your dentist how they planned on pulling your teeth out would make it less awkward and painful and bloody. \"How's the sex?\" Less awkward? Not a bit. In fact, this was the one question Jackie had filed away under \"things my mom won't ask me\". Seems she'd have to save it into a new folder now. \"Mom!\" Jackie blurted out, her face going red. The \"so\" had struck once more and with deadly accuracy. Really, Jackie had convinced herself that her mother could sell her mind games to the government for serious money, but she never listened. Mother never listened. Jackie scrunched her face up, biting her cheek trying to work the surprise off of her face even if it was pointless. What kind of a question was that for a mom to ask? Well, not so odd considering how her mother was, but still… \"What? Haven't you?\" \"Well…yeah…Mom…we have…but…\" \"Well, how is it?\" \"I really don't think that's any of your business…\" \"Oh, come on. I'm a cool mom. I can handle it. You told me about the first guy y-\" \"Mom!\" \"Relax. I'm just teasing you. Calm down.\" Jackie exhaled slowly, jaw clenched, her whole form giving off vibes of \"that's really not funny\", but she couldn't bring herself to vocalize it. Instead, something entirely unexpected came out slowly, falling out of her mouth of their own accord, the rebellious edge from her teenage years poking its head out. \"It's good…\" \"Excuse me?\" Jackie bit her tongue, but she knew he mom had heard that. If the ship was sinking there was no stopping it now. Besides, she was an adult. Adults did what they liked…as long as their parents didn't mind. \"It's good. I like it a lot,\" she grinned, suddenly finding her ability to admit it most pleasant. Take that mom. I answered your question. So there. The silence on the other end made the woman's heart skip a beat, maybe two. Perhaps her moment of boldness hadn't been worth it. \"Well, I can't wait to meet the boy. Seems you got yourself a keeper.\" \"What?\" \"This Tom fella, sounds like you might actually have something this time.\" \"Oh, Mom…come off it. I'm just introducing you to a closer than normal friend of mine,\" Jackie insisted. \"Don't give me that. I'm your mother, and I know how you are. You wouldn't be bringing this Tom guy along unless you were serious. I know how careful you are. You don't do anything unless you're sure. Why don't you just admit it?\" \"I…\" Jackie's voice trailed off as she found she had no proper comeback. Her mother had gotten her again. Defeated, rebel hiding away once more, she continued. \"I'll see you in a little while…\" \"Alrighty, bye-bye then.\" \"Bye.\" Hanging up the phone, Jackie sighed, letting the fact that her mother could still put her back in her place sink in, bringing her knees up to her chest and resting her chin on them for effect. \"Something up?\" Tom asked coming from the hall, looking to have been fidgeting with his shirt. She couldn't tell if it was light blue or one of those shirts with the color and white striping that only made it look light. Still, that wasn't her focus. It would appear that he'd buttoned it up wrong in whatever haste he'd been in leaving one button at the top without a hole and an extra hole at the bottom. He was giving her the \"dumb look\" and he was leaning his weight to one side, looking relaxed. Jackie wanted to smack him for it even though she realized she really couldn't hold anything against him. That and he was just acting like such a damn pathetic thing with his face relaxed but questioning. \"Nah, just talking to my mom. She's excited to meet you,\" Jackie replied, getting up from the couch to fix his shirt, which was bothering her something terrible, and it would distract her from his irritating nonchalance. \"I can do it myself,\" Tom said, sounding mildly indignant but not moving to do it himself. \"I know, but you didn't.\" Tom uttered some kind of groan in the back of throat, but again he didn't make a move, letting his arms remain limp at his sides. Jackie finished fixing the button fiasco, patting his chest lightly to get his attention, which appeared to be off in space as he stared out in front of him. The pat seemed to snap him out of it, but Jackie could tell his was still thinking. He had his poker face on, but Tom's poker face always meant he was thinking on something very hard. He needed a poker face for his poker face or else he'd never fool anyone again. Perhaps that wasn't a bad thing. Tom really should have come with an instruction manual, but that was neither here nor there. \"Got something on your mind?\" Jackie asked. \"I always have something on my mind. It's a problem I have,\" Tom answered flatly. \"And my problem is that I care about what you're thinking,\" Jackie countered. Tom wrinkled his nose, but he didn't look like he was going to challenge the idea. He rather enjoyed the thought of others giving a damn about his thoughts. There really needed to be more of those. \"You sure they'll like me?\" Tom frowned, tapping his knuckles together anxiously, his fingers curled a bit making his hands look a bit more like paws than they should have before he let them drop again. \"People don't like me. I put them off or something. What if I say something stupid? I hate being stupid. Shit…they're all going to hate me…\" \"Please be quiet,\" Jackie sighed, bringing a hand up to Tom's mouth in a half-joking manner. It shut him up for a second or two, but soon she felt something warm and wet on her palm, which caused her to pull her hand back to her. \"Oh, that is so gross! Why…\" Jackie felt her voice die in her throat as she observed the victorious look on Tom's face, his tongue sticking out between the teeth he was bearing and calling it a smile. She grimaced, but she knew she should have expected that from him. Well, expected or not she hadn't planned on having a moist palm, so she promptly wiped the saliva off on Tom's sleeve. This was one battle she didn't feel like fighting. \"Whatever. Be ready to go in a few minutes. I just have to grab some stuff.\" \"Ok.\" The ride was remarkably quiet with Tom leaning back in the passenger seat, staring out the window; occasionally pointing something out before going back to quiet observation. An interesting tree here. A garishly painted car there. The occasional shreds of tires and some road kill. He seemed to be finding any and all possible ways to distract himself for what was ahead even if he didn't know one way or the other which way it would go. He was just being cautious, but Jackie felt a twinge of concern as his anxiety mirrored her own. At one point Tom perked up saying something about how Sebs had advised him not to bite and be civil or else they'd have to take him to the pound and put him down. Jackie almost laughed since Tom was smiling, but he turned away again before she could respond. She thought on the appropriateness of late or unwanted laughter for a few minutes as he looked ahead before looking over at Tom again. Staring out the window, no surprise there. Jackie thought to say something to him. Something to calm him down since he was so obviously agitated the way he was gripping his shoulders and making a face to go along with an unknown thought from time to time. He didn't look unhappy, but he was anxious. Jackie couldn't say she didn't understand since she was rather anxious herself. Something like this was nerve-racking for everyone, and Tom was human after all. A bit more bite oriented than most, but still human if not more so than most. It was simply nerves. They'd pass. He'd just have to find a way for his to go by quickly, and Jackie didn't know how to do that, so she left him to it. Tom had dozed off, his chin in his chest and his breathing slowed, and as Jackie parked she nudged his shoulder, wanting to wake him but not suddenly. He was quite the spazz when he was startled. \"Hey, sleeping beauty. We're here.\" \"I wasn't asleep,\" Tom yawned, making little effort to make his lie convincing. Jackie simply shook her head as she unbuckled her seat belt and opened her door. Tom followed her Jackie's example, getting out of the car and walking toward the house, trailing a few steps behind her, his movements jerky and tense. Jackie was about to ring the doorbell when she noticed that there were no footsteps behind her. Turning around she spotted Tom a few feet back, glaring at the door, feet firmly planted on the ground, with his arms up tight against his sides and his fists clenched. \"What is it now?\" she asked, feeling the beginnings of annoyance. She really didn't have any intentions of standing outside during football season. Fall on the east coast. It wasn't a matter of if there'd be frost. It was a matter of when and how much. She pulled her jacket tighter around her as she waited some response. \"Did you tell them?\" \"Tell them what?\" Jackie asked, shifting her weight to one foot and tilting her head. It was always vagueness with Tom. Vagueness or disturbing amounts of specificity. \"Tell them…about me,\" Tom clarified without truly clarifying. \"Well, yeah, of course I did. I don't just bring people by surprise.\" \"No, not like that. Did you tell them? Warn them about who they're letting in.\" Tom's voice dropped, but his focus was straight-ahead, making eye contact the entire time. So, that's what he was on about. Stuck somewhere in between the past and the present, unable to take a step forward or backward. \"Oh you mean…\" Jackie made a sympathetic face as she caught on to Tom's meaning, walking over to him. \"No, I didn't say anything. It didn't come up. I wouldn't have said anything even if it had.\" Tom looked genuinely surprised, eyebrows raised and the corners of his mouth turned down. \"You didn't say anything?\" \"Why would I?\" \"Oh, I don't know…maybe because most people would like to know if they're letting a murderer into their house,\" Tom said pointedly, his brow going from raised to furrowed. As he thought more on it he half bared his teeth, wrinkling one side of his face into a weird partial snarl. \"You didn't tell me right away,\" Jackie countered, arms folding across her chest, the event gone by of Tom's \"reveal\" flickering past in her mind. \"Yes, well, I…\" he began, but he bit down on his tongue to stop himself noticing the sharpness that lingered in the back of Jackie's throat. \"Didn't want me to hate you. Yeah, I know. We went over this,\" she continued, but the sharpness had dropped off, changing into familiar acceptance and as much understanding as she could muster. \"But why didn't you tell them?\" \"I didn't think it mattered. It's not relevant,\" Jackie shrugged. \"How is it not relevant? I'm going to be in their house.\" \"I just want them to get to know you. That's all. Like I did…without the bullshit attached, you know?\" Tom didn't react right away, but he was doing the half snarl again. He very rarely did react in overt ways it would seem. Sebs had said he used to be a lot more reactive and that he was more hesitant these days, which was understandable at the very least. At most it was admirable. However, something strange came over his face as he stood there, thinking, the snarl melting into complete blankness. \"Yeah, I get it,\" he finally replied, moving his weight onto his toes as opposed to how he'd been digging his heels into the ground only moments before, suggesting less resistance to moving forward. Jackie watched him closely as he took a slow step forward before continuing toward her at a regular pace. \"But if they end up hating me I'm blaming you,\" he added with something close to humor though his face remained deadpan. \"They're not going to hate you,\" Jackie assured him, giving him a light tap on the nose, playfully scolding like one would do a disobedient pup. Smiling, she ignored the knot that had formed in her stomach as she turned around to face the door. \"Just like everyone else?\" Tom added dryly, casting a sidelong gaze Jackie's way. She didn't even bother giving him a proper answer as she rang the doorbell in what she believed to be a forceful way. The more she stalled the worse it would be. The pair only stood there in an uncomfortable silence for a few seconds before the door opened revealing an older woman, one of the ones with the friendly faces that couldn't look threatening if they tried. As much as he wanted to Tom couldn't feel nervous and he even allowed himself a bit of a smile that pushed its way through his grimace. \"Ah, Jackie,\" the woman smiled. \"You made good time.\" \"Yeah, traffic wasn't bad. Amazing isn't it?\" Jackie reached out, embracing the other as Tom felt himself leaning back onto his heels once more, his smile fading as he watched the scene in front of him as he felt an almost reactionary want squeezing his gut. He would have made an actual sound if his tongue hadn't been stuck to the roof of his mouth. Perhaps there were words somewhere in there, but they were caught up in his throat and suffocating as he denied them air. He just stared at the door, not even seeing it as he felt the need in his stomach buzz around in his head. \"And you must be Tom.\" Hm? Tom? Who's Tom? Hearing his name as well as a light touch on his shoulder brought the door and the people in front of it back into focus. It was Jackie who'd touched him, hand on his shoulder as if she were rousing him from sleep as she had earlier, but the voice had not been hers. It had been her mother's and the older woman was still smiling, and it didn't even look forced. He raised his eyebrows in surprise having expected a different kind of staring. Something that reminded him more of freak show patrons' faces as they looked at the oddities rather than this expectant but welcoming gaze. Were her eyes bad? Could she not see how the air of trouble came off of him like Pepe le Pew's scent trail? Couldn't everyone see how bad of a person he was? Or that at the very least he was a damn pirate? But no, she was looking at him, eyes focused as if he had both available to look into. It wasn't a look he got very often these days from strangers, and he couldn't remember if he enjoyed it or not. \"Yeah…I am,\" he croaked out awkwardly due to the dryness of his throat and nerves constricting his throat further. He wrinkled his nose and grinned, but the pause after his words bothered him, and he let his face drop. \"Wow, I'm sorry. I don't know what that was.\" \"Wow, Jac, you were right,\" the woman began. Tom braced himself, biting his tongue again but harder this time. \"He is a cutie,\" she concluded with a well-meaning laugh. Tom perked up immediately, mouth slightly agape, tongue still somewhat sore. \"I am? I mean, yes, I am.\" Tom looked over at Jackie then to his feet and back up again; trying to make sure he wasn't dreaming. \"Well, there's no sense in you just standing out in the cold. Come on, I'm old and the cold's making my joints hurt,\" Jackie's mother continued taking a step outside and somewhat forcefully nudging Tom inside. He hadn't expected her to be as strong as she was. His feet reacted faster than his brain, and he was inside, staring at the walls of the house. Taking it in as best he could with his head spinning a bit from surprise. The paint job was new, but the wood paneling wasn't. It smelled clean without being overbearing, and the lights weren't too harsh, which felt nice after the brightness of the outdoors. It was comfortable, and it made him sleepy as he felt his general posture droop. Jackie had moved away from him, and he didn't want to move for fear of messing something up even if he couldn't see anything that he could really break, but he never could tell with himself. He could hear her in the other room greeting her father, explaining, catching up, and again Tom felt the need scrape his sides again at the familiar but long ago sounds. Why'd it make his stomach clench up the way it did? Why did he need? Why did he want and allow himself to be affected by the childlike pining? He covered his good side to block out the world and to ponder further until his thoughts were interrupted. \"Something bothering you, dear?\" \"Hm?\" Tom turned and removed his hand to see Jackie's mother standing behind him, looking up at his face like she had before, holding a dishtowel tightly in her hands and her eyes speaking of worry. He'd seen the same look a million time's on Jackie's face. Must have been a genetic ability to give a damn. \"Something bother you, Tom?\" the older woman repeated. \"No, nothing's bothering me,\" Tom replied, surprised with the ease in which the words left him. \"It's just been a while since I…I don't know.\" Tom bit his cheek, fearing he'd said something wrong. Revealed something he hadn't, or at least had prompted some questions that he didn't know how to answer. \"My daughter hasn't told me too much about you,\" the woman began, and Tom felt himself shrink back. She hated him. She didn't trust him. This couldn't be anything good, and he felt the beginnings of an apology forming on his lips before he was stopped by more words. \"But you know what? That's ok, because I could recognize someone in need of a little love from a mile away, and correct me if I'm wrong, but you could really do with some love.\" Tom didn't move or even properly react, but he assumed that somehow he must have given himself away for soon he felt a pressure around his body as the older woman hugged him. Before he could think he returned the gesture, feeling the lump of want in his stomach dissolve. She hugged a bit too hard, and it hurt his back, but he didn't care. Finally, the arms dropped, but Tom felt something strange. \"Now, that's quite the smile you got there,\" he heard the older woman say fondly. \"Maybe you should do it more often.\" Her eyes were soft but keen, and Tom felt no inclination to make his smile smaller. \"Well, I have some things to do, so don't let me hold you up.\" Tom nodded, but didn't move, and he didn't turn back around until she was on the other end of the room. He looked up to see Jackie walking toward him from the opposite end of the house. She looked comfortable, her gait easy and relaxed. \"Hey, Jac,\" he said, his smiled having diminished not because of a diminished mood but a stiffness in his jaw. \"Getting along with my mom?\" she joked, standing up on her toes and placing a small kiss on his cheek. \"Yeah,\" he nodded. \"I am.\" \"Good, because my dad's much less enthusiastic,\" Jackie laughed, leaning back onto a flatfooted stance. \"So, you coming or have you glued your feet to the floor?\" Tom quickly looked over his shoulder at the door, but he did not linger on it. He didn't want to be outside. It was cold out there. Out there need ate at his insides and made him sick. \"Yeah,\" he replied, his feet in fact not glued to the floor. \"I'm coming.\" ","Summary":" Author's Note: This story was done to cheer myself up because I've been feeling generally kind of "},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"Frozen","Author":"Faintly Falling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7527753","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It's been three weeks, more or less, since Tom's untimely demise and it seems like the friggin' bon vivre of the city went with him. The snow seemed to go from virginal, marble white ( cold and sterile and untouchable) to dirty and grey and tired nearly overnight. Not uncommon for the city, not in the least, but Sebs doesn't remember it ever looking this devitalizing before. It would have depressed the hell out of Tom if he'd been here to see it. The ground matches the buildings matches the sides and tops of the cars and taxis, everything drained and dull. He's surrounded by defeat, frozen like a black-and-white picture in living color. He's lived here his whole life and his city has never felt so cold. He sleeps without resting, nights marked by laying on top of his sheets or sitting on the couch until blackness takes hold and he finds himself awake with no memory of anything but the feeling of numbness. Except for the times he doesn't. The times he wakes up clammy and breathless with images in his mind's eye; of fire and bloodstains in a place he's pretty sure he's only seen once, tops, and a feral, hungry look in Tom's eyes that he's not sure if he's seen, ever. The conflicting images won't stop running through his mind. His friend, the victim. His friend, the killer. His friend, dead. Sebs isn't sure which is worse, the days or the nights. He goes through the days without paying much attention to the world around him. They all blend into each other and at the same time, the amount of time Tom has been gone remains painfully memorable. It feels like years. He dives into work because that's what he does, he works. He's the first one there in the morning and the last one to leave at night. He becomes more efficient, catching mistakes no one else sees, suddenly fixed to his work like a man possessed ( and maybe he is ). To everyone else it must seem like he hasn't changed much. He shows up; he does his work, he plays nice. And if he's a little quieter or his clothes aren't as neatly pressed as they used to be or his hair's a little out of place, well, no one's going to say anything. And if they ever did… Who cares what they think anyway? Fuck them. When he looked back on it later, Sebs couldn't quite identify just when he lost his all-powerful control over his own actions. They started small, little aberrations; finding his stapler in the wrong spot, putting a sock on inside out and only noticing after his shoes were on…Disconcerting, of course but not an indication of anything serious. It's just an ordinary day, as far as ordinary days go post-Tom. He's coming home from the bank and the post office, his stupid Saturday chores. Sebs feels too-cold as he walks and futilely tries to swallow the thickness in his throat, both uncomfortable mementoes of spending a night sleeping in the snow, along with the dull ache in his chest. He coughs a rough, wet cough that must sound like it hurts (it does honestly but Sebs doesn't really give a shit) and he's about to head for the crosswalk after the changed light… He realizes he's looking up and his head's supported, which means he's lying down. He feels cool stone under him and prickly pain and wetness. He touches his hand to the back of his head and feels stickiness, the smell of iron quickly flooding his nose. \"You alright?\" Someone asks. \"Of course he's not. The guy just fell down out of nowhere.\" \"Did I slip?\" He hates that has to ask. He turns his head, looking for ice. It's January, of course there's some damn ice around here. \"Just fell. You had, like, a fit.\" He keeps looking, there's got to be some damn ice around here. There isn't. \"You don't have, like, that paralysis disorder, do you? That fainting thing?\" \"He wouldn't be able to talk if he did, dumbass.\" The original says. It's not just them, though. There's a small crowd and it's growing. Wonderful. \"Are you okay?\" someone parrots \"I'm fine,\" he says, trying to pull himself off the ground with as much dignity as possible, \"I'm fine.\" He knows these words are both technically true and not true at all because it doesn't matter and all he has to do is get the fuck out of here . \"Maybe we should call an ambulance,\" suggests another He scrambles to his feet (so much for dignity) and hightails it out of there as fast as he possibly can without actually breaking into a run. He spends the rest of the night looking for the well-chosen words that the Google box uses to lead him to more words, words like 'hysteria' and 'panic attack' before saying 'it can't be, it can't be' and pushing all thoughts from his mind (\"emotional reactions can delay in manifestation for weeks after the incident\"). He drugs himself into a dreamless sleep with pills he'd bought weeks ago ( after the first nightmare ) but had refused to use (until now). You shouldn't need those. He tells the little voice in his head to shut up. It sounds annoyingly like Tom, at least in the way that it cares. So he mutes his brain and for a while, maybe another month, half a month, he's numb. His thoughts cease, and his mind quiets, though he still doesn't feel rested. He's at some work function when it happens, some social lunch at a nice restaurant that takes itself more seriously than it has a right to. He's picking at a garden salad he doesn't taste when he smells the overwhelming odor of meat (red, specifically) coming from his left hand side. Sebs used to enjoy a good fillet, until his best friend got turned into one. The smell brings back an instant memory of char and gas and human flesh that invades his nose. He tastes it in his throat. The bile starts to rise in his stomach. He tries to ignore it but it starts to burn. He reaches for his water glass, trying to wash the sourness out of his mouth but all that does is move it around. He puts the glass back, harder than he intended because it makes a startling ' crack! ' as it hits the table. Must have been squeezing it too hard as well because someone screams and suddenly he's blinking glass and ice water out of his eyes. \"I'm sorry,\" he says, over and over again, \"I'm sorry\" He apologizes more than he ever has in his life but the damage is done and everyone's looking at him like he's the damage and he needs to be removed. He shakes off the overly concerned waiters (but accepts the towel) and apologizes to the angry looking ones who are picking up the pieces. He leaves before anyone can say anything. Walking home briskly and without acknowledging anyone else, he's minutes away from losing it. He lies on top of his made bed (practically hospital corners for fuck's sake, he's disgusted by his own neatness but at the same time he doesn't want to disturb it), setting his mind to white noise and trying his best to not to hear the dull roar of his own thoughts. He doesn't remember falling asleep and wakes up to an email from his boss telling Sebs to meet him in his office later. Telling Sebastian to meet him in his office later. This is the 'you're fired' type of meeting. He's suddenly very sure of it. He absently wonders if it's legal to fire someone over 'irreversible humiliation of everyone you're supposed to make look good' before he realizes that the idea of getting fired bothers him very little. Not at all, actually. It's cold certainty. Cold power. He has the power of not caring and it feels nice. The first thing that feels nice since . He puts more effort into getting ready than he has for longer than he can place in recent memory. Picks his clothes carefully, makes sure they're smooth and flawless. He takes a long look at the familiar reds and blues of his ties before settling on the one green and yellow one. A birthday present from his sister years ago, due to his preference for green. He's never worn it to work. Ever. No time like the present. He'd be tempted to smile if he didn't feel like his face wasn't capable of such things anymore. He feels the cold energy running through him on his way to work, practically buzzing like something so freezing that it burns. He's a little surprised that other people can't see it on him…he feels like he must be glowing but then he remembers that ice doesn't give off any kind of light, it only filters it. Especially when it's internal. That's what it feels like. Ice. Not even ice water. He's solid, frozen all the way through. Frozen over. He looks up at his building, thinking it might be the last time he ever sees it as an employee. The thought almost makes him giddy. Proud. He takes in the marble and the hardwood, seeing it as an outsider for the first time since the day of his interview. It's nice on the surface but devoid of personality, trying to cover up its fundamental weakness by looking better than it is. It's douchey. He likes thinking that; this building is douchey. It's a thought that fortifies him all the way up the steps and halfway towards Mr. Hayward's office when he gets stopped by Maggie the paralegal. \"Oh, Sebastian,\" She says, \"I'm so sorry.\"\" She says his name like his mom might, elongating the syllables deliberately and following the determined up and down of the letters. It's practically musical, in comparison. Most people say his name like sticky marbles they want to spit out of their mouths as quickly as possible, running letters together, tripping over the foreign sounds. It doesn't make him feel good though. There's no rush of pride or appreciation. In fact, it kind of pisses him off a little. A lot. \"I heard about all that unpleasantness. I'm so sorry.\" The fact that his friend is dead or the fact that his friend was a murderer? He felts a soft force hit him somewhere near his mid to lower chest. He feels fingers and long fake nails coming into contact with his back. She's hugging him. What the fuck? \"Just ignore what everyone else is saying…\" Sebs can only guess what everyone else is saying and all he knows that he really, really doesn't want to think about it anymore. He tries to release himself from her grip. It's a selfish hug, perpetrated without the consent of the other person, him. There's no embrace, just cling, and so, not comfortable. She's clinging to him in order to feel like she's doing something, like she's part of the solution rather than the problem. She's not. She's trying to reconcile the person she thought she knew with the one that she's presented with. Sebs knows the feeling. The hug is would-be motherly with nails in his back and the soft words and the thoroughly enfolded quality and somehow that pisses him off even more than just her pity and confusion. \"You don't have to feel alone. You know. I'm here for you.\" She speaks in an overly dramatic, punctuated way that's annoying the hell out of him. Well, it generally does but especially right now. She also doesn't seem to have noticed that he hasn't said a single word. He intentionally stiffens and hopes she takes the hint. She pats him on the back (he really hates that) and walks away. It's not a victory, but it's over. He massages his temples and heads to the bathroom to clear his head (and his bladder) before the meeting. The firing. That's what it is. Damn straight, it is. He takes care of business and goes to wash his hands, scalding himself slightly with the touchy faucet. These bathrooms used to intimidate him when he first started working here; too big, marble and granite everywhere, stainless steel stalls. The little metal soap pump would continue to leak soap after you released the pressure on it. He'd been so flustered the first time, trying to clean it up had proved nearly impossible since a layer of soap determinedly clung to the surface, keeping it slick no matter how he wiped it. He glances at the top corner of the sink where the familiar pink pearly puddle is forming. He had since developed a tendency to get irritated when people didn't at least make the attempt to clean it up. Today, he's leaving it. He runs the water cold, wets his hand and scrubs it over his face to wake himself up a little or, at least, to inspire the appearance of alertness. As he raises his head, he catches a glimpse of himself in the mirror, something that hasn't interested him in quite a while. He pauses, takes a second to study himself. He looks different. His golden skin has lost its luster and he's looking more than a little sallow. Thanks to his shower from earlier, his hair is no longer greasy the way it had been but simply looks course and lifeless, most closely resembling old straw. His hair and skin both look dull. Dry. A memory that seemed faded from god-knows-how-long-ago washes onto the shores of his mind, clear as day but with a wall of mental fog still surrounding it; Tom had noticed a bottle of some lotion-moisturizer stuff on Sebs' bathroom sink. After suffering through the obligatory bad joke about what Sebs would being doing with lotion, (it was cheap store-brand stuff with a Vaseline base so he wouldn't have been using it for said purpose anyway but Tom wouldn't know that and Sebs had chosen not to enlighten him), Sebs had reluctantly admitted that he'd a bit of a dry skin problem only to hear Tom crowing about how girly such an issue was. \" ' Ooh, look at me. I'm Sebs. I'm de-el-i-cate.'\" \" I totally don't sound like that.\" \" You totally do.\" \" Some of us care about how we look, Tom.\" He winces and then keeps his eyes shut, shaking his head slightly in the vague hope that he can erase the scene like some kind of Etch-a-Sketch. It doesn't work but he pretends that it does, meeting the mirror's gaze and wetting his hands in order to repeat his ritual from moments ago. His face is sharper than he remembers. He washes every trace of emotion from it and leaves without looking back. He is composed. He is confident. He is getting his ass fired. The rooms feel unnaturally silent, even including the low rhythmic tapping of keyboards and the hum of the copier. The murmur of small talk and phone calls seems nonexistent or maybe he just can't hear it. He makes eye contact with no one and no one else makes the attempt. Mr. Hayward's office door is closed, as usual. It's an intimidation technique to keep anyone under him respectful and distanced. Sebs has always kept his open despite the fact that he'd prefer at least the illusion of privacy sometimes. He knocks because he's polite and this is his last day of playing the game so he might as well play it right. \"Come in…\" The last time he'll ever hear that gruff, arrogant voice. \"Sebastian,\" his composure seems to break a little, his voice dips. \"So, I suppose you know why you're here,\" he sounds reluctant rather than disciplinarian. Sebs would scoff at his attempt to be sympathetic if he didn't know that it was at least somewhat genuine. With a decent work ethic and a direct, serious disposition he had managed to win the appreciation of his boss as much as the stern man managed to offer. It was a victory, but not one Sebs particularly treasured. Though there were some things Sebs respected about Mr. Hayward, Sebs was neither appreciative of his general callousness and cynicism, nor his specific intolerances. In the past, he'd made it clear that he considered Sebs to be the exception rather than the rule. \"Look, I understand that things are…difficult. Right now. These kinds of situations are…difficult. Stressful.\" His voice is softened and the words aren't coming easily. Sebs almost wants to laugh at the fact that this seems to be the most concern he's shown for anyone in a while. Could well be; Sebs has seen him with his wife and kids. \"I don't know what your….relationship to this person was but it's obviously affecting you. We've all noticed.\" We. \"I do my job.\" He sounds firm but neutral, not angry. Good. \"There's more to it than that. You're responsible for other people. You to have provide them with terra firma. They have to trust you.\" Sebs keeps his face as blank as he can. \"It's just that you're not the same anymore. You blow up at people without warning for stupid mistakes; sometimes I see you by yourself, looking like you're reacting to things that aren't even happening. \" He almost sounds a little desperate, like he's pleading for Sebs to understand. \"We're worried about you, son.\" Once upon a time, Sebs might have bristled at such an assuming attempt at forcing guilt and intimacy. Would have responded crisply (but not coldly), keeping his power and refusing to yield. Now, it's all he can do not to laugh. You poor, stupid bastard. It's Sebastian you're concerned about. You want Sebastian back. Sebastian's dead. I killed him. He's in the bottom of the Hudson with cement blocks tied to his feet. All that's left is Sebs, raw and bleeding. No, no longer bleeding. Dry. Hard. Frozen. He's almost sorry for this man, who wants something that was a shade at best and an act at most. Sebastian never really existed. Get used to it. I have. \"There are steps that we take in this kind of situation…\" Here it comes… \"We want you to talk to someone.\" Pardon? \"We have a…specialist…for these issues.\" Finally found another word for 'situation', Mr. H.? Wait. They're sending him to a shrink? Sebs opens his mouth, hears no words and shuts it again, in what he's pretty sure looks like a good impression of a suffocating fish. Mr. Hayward continues looking at him sympathetically and nods with finality as if something has been accomplished. Sebs leaves the office with a name and a number in his hand and confusion in his head. The number turns out to be a room number, as he finds out the next day when he finally opens it. The boss had sent him home 'to rest' after the events of yesterday, where he had sat on the couch, reading a book he couldn't remember past page one, until he recalls gaining consciousness again. It seems that the 'specialist' is in their direct employ, in their basement in fact. That seems somehow ominous even though the basement of their building is as modern and well lit as the upper stories. If it wasn't for the lack of windows, someone might believe himself to still be above ground. He heads down the several flights of stairs until he hits the bottom, following the long narrow hallway. He stops at the appropriate number. The door is open. He takes a perfunctory glance inside. \" Come on in. I don't bite.\" He hears a female contralto voice coming from within. He covers his surprise (or at least he thinks he does) and proceeds. There's a lot of…space. The room is done in blues and yellows. Intended to be calming, he supposes. There's a small table against the far wall where a window would have been, a few half-bookshelves, the obligatory degrees on the wall, a corner desk where a laptop rests and two large chairs. Big, overstuffed, soft-looking armchairs. He doesn't like it. It's trying too hard to be inviting and unintimidating. \"Hello?\" He finally sees the source of the voice, the reason he's here in the first place, \"You look like you're not quite here right now.\" I know I'd rather not be. \"Sebastian?\" \"No,\" He says, \"Not Sebastian.\" He feels a rush of pleasure; the statement almost makes him giddy. She gives him a look like he's being difficult. It's a look he recalls seeing from his grade school teachers on a regular basis. Maybe he is being difficult. He's entitled. \"Mr. Favreaux.\" She doesn't change the pitch of her voice. She isn't giving an inch. This should be interesting. She's older than him, but not by much, maybe early to mid-thirties. He guesses that she's attractive, objectively speaking. Were he interested in women, he might have found her to be good-looking. \"Why don't you tell me why you're here…?\" Seriously? \"Surely they've told you that much, doctor.\" Neutral, polite. You couldn't detect the insincerity if you tried. As if this question isn't on the first page of the eponymous textbook used by the global network of headshrinkers to get your patients into the proper sharing and caring mood by giving them the illusion of choosing to open up. He can play a nice civil game of 'let's exchange insults disguised as witty sincerity'. That's his favorite game, as a matter of fact. \"I know what they told me. I know that you've been erratic and unpredictable and that you've gone through some kind of personal distress. I know that you're not very forthcoming about what's wrong nor have you been able to talk to anyone about it or even confront it. You seem like you're building up a classic case of denial and I know for a fact that it would help you to confront the reality of this situation.\" He stands his ground. He knew this was coming. \"I've experienced a loss, yes, but I believe that that's my personal business. In fact, I'm certain that it is.\" He smiles his tight, shark-like smile, the one that has become something of a legend between any coworker who has challenged him one time too many. The one that says 'I'm going to neatly rip your spine out through your asshole and feed it to you. Unless you do this my way.' It's served him well in the past. \"There's more involved than your comfort level and your privacy. You have a responsibility to everyone else.\" He really wishes that they would stop telling him that. He's been hearing about his responsibility to others since before he could walk or talk. It's getting old. \"You're a liability.\" ' I don't think that word means what you think it means'… \"The company has decided to enlist me in helping you, they clearly believe that you need it.\" \"The fact that they believe it doesn't make it true,\" the firmness of his words is interrupted by a sudden, hacking cough. Dammit. His throat stings from the pressure. She seems to wordlessly acknowledge the cough, taking it to prove some kind of point. Taking it as a sign of weakness. \"If nothing's wrong then what are you so afraid of? If you sit through some questioning, and everything's fine, I should notice, shouldn't I? And you'll be free to stop wasting your time and mine?\" She has a game-face of her own, a dangerous smirk that shows no teeth. It doesn't reach her eyes. \"There are people who are willing to work with you and accept your help. I'm not one of them. It only makes sense to focus on the people who need such guidance. I can decide whether I need it for myself.\" He hates that he's reduced to emotional appeal. The cough bubbles up in his throat again but he manages to swallow it. Mostly. She inclines her head confidentially. \"Let me tell you something, Sebastian , treatment has already started. I have permission not to set you free until I've deemed you to be stable again. And I take a lot of convincing.\" She has an intensity that combines jocularity and seriousness in the most unsettling way. It borders on manic. She straightens up, businesslike again. \"I'll see you Monday, then? Same time?\" He nods, bites his lip when he's facing away. \"And do something about that cough.\" She calls to his retreating back. He opens and closes his fists as he walks, wishing he had something to break. He takes care of some grocery shopping on the way home (though he's not entirely convinced that he'll eat it) and fumes silently the entire time. When he gets home, he thinks. He thinks about 'how dare she' and 'this isn't over' and that irritating smile and that nauseatingly calm, even voice. He drugs himself to sleep and doesn't wake up until sometime past three on Saturday. He spends his weekend sleeping, and making a feeble attempt at cleaning, though there isn't much to do. It's hard for a place to need cleaning when you're never in it. That's going to change, he supposes, whether he likes it or not. On Sunday, he's taken aback by the sudden realization that he's not going to work tomorrow, but still to the office. They've put him on some kind of leave, probably out of vacation time. God knows he has enough of it. Not like I ever go anywhere. 'Sebastian doesn't have a life…' The managers and the paralegals can handle it; at least for the few weeks or whatever that this is going to take. They're better than he gives them credit for, even though he often finds himself annoyed by their frequent oversights and more frequent laziness. He falls asleep suddenly but is assaulted by nightmares whose details disappear the next day when he tries to recall them. On Monday morning, he realizes that he hasn't showered since Thursday, when the only other constant in his life was pulled out from under him. This suddenly and inexplicably starts bothering him. A lot. With a strange determination, he heads for the bathroom. He completes his regular hygiene processes and then realizes that he has nowhere to go for more than a few hours. He stands under the hot water, having no will to move, feeling the release of muscle tension he didn't realize he had. It's relaxing and the steam has the positive side effect of making his head too muddled to think. He remains in the shower until he feels weak from the heat and the steam (he had closed the bathroom door beforehand). It occurs to him that he needs his wits about him this afternoon and then he decides that he doesn't care very much. Maybe if he doesn't talk much, or at all, she'll just give up. She'll know a losing battle when she sees one. He sees someone walking a Rottweiler on the way to the office. A lump works its way into his throat. She's smiling when he gets there, that keen, irritating smile and he wishes for a second that he could smack it off her face. The surge of anger surprises him a little but there's a lot about him that surprises him these days. She takes a seat and indicates that he should, too. He does, because he picks his battles and this particular one isn't one of them. He has to play along, at least. \"So, how was the weekend?\" He's pretty sure that he literally glowers at her. \"I'm kidding, of course. You look like this is the most you've moved since Friday.\" Not counting the first appointment, Thursday. But who's really counting anyway? He folds his arms and does his best to look unimpressed. \"You want to hear how my weekend was?\" No. \"I did some shopping, I cleaned the bathroom and then I did some research about your little situation.\" He must have reacted because she seems to break her tone. \"It is little, you know. Kidnapping and manslaughter's not as bad as it could have been. If you were friends with, say Jeffrey Dahlmer and he had you over for beer and poker every weekend and you never noticed the smell of bodies coming from the basement, well, then you should be concerned. I'd be concerned, at least. You'd have to be a sociopath or terminally oblivious.\" He doesn't like her. \"That is what you're concerned about, right? How could you be friends with a killer and not even know? Wondering if maybe you've got some aggressive tendencies yourself that you're unaware of? Maybe you're as unstable as he was? Another time-bomb?\" He really doesn't like her. \"Well, I wouldn't be too concerned. I've been saying terribly offensive things to you ever since you sat down and the most you've done is glare at me. If you have any physical aggression in you, I think it's buried deep. Any child would have reacted more than you're doing right now.\" He doesn't appreciate the analysis, or being compared to a child. \"Reaction is a natural thing, one doesn't have to train it or learn it. You'd have to train it out of you, to unlearn it and someone trained you well.\" He feels a stubborn pride burning in his chest and chooses to take it as a compliment. Damn straight. \"What I don't understand is why.\" Why? He's forced to open his mouth. \"It's more efficient, more reasonable.\" \"According to everyone who knows you, you've been slowly falling apart for the last six months. You were pulled out of work because you're scaring your coworkers and you can't even manage to have a simple conversation with me. What part of that is efficient? What part of that is reasonable?\" \"If no one else were concerned with my behavior, it wouldn't be a problem. I'm in control. I'm not hurting anyone.\" He immediately regrets the last part, feeling a sick curl of guilt in his stomach. \"'If no-one could see, I wouldn't be blind' says the blind man. That's really great logic, I can see why Columbia just snapped you up.\" Something in his brain snaps into focus. She's been through his file, his records. Of course she has. He swallows the feeling of violation and draws himself up, mentally as well as physically. \"Is this really necessary, doctor? Cheap intimidation tricks…too much of a luxury for us to talk like adults?\" \"What does that mean to you? 'Talk like an adult'? Does that mean me letting you put up your walls and allowing you to talk at me like you do everyone else? You don't like being the one who's talked down to for a change? There are other people in this world besides you. Something tells me that you just lost one of the only individuals you pretended to consider to be one of them.\" He grits his teeth but refuses to rise. He won't give in. \"I don't think going to get anywhere until you can open up that big mouth of yours and tell me what's going on so unless you're willing to say something-\" \"You're wrong!\" He hears his voice ring against the cement walls, and he hates how desperate he sounds, how insistent, but he plows on anyway. \"Would I have stayed overtime almost every night if I didn't care about what we're doing here, or the people doing it? Don't you think I would've just let them fail? Would I have tried to be there for Tom every time he had one of his 'bad days'—\" He breaks off, embarrassed, his ears flushed. She smiles that horrible smile as if this is exactly what she wanted. Dammit. \"I think we'll call it quits for today. You seem a little overwhelmed.\" Suddenly he's standing in the hallway with no memory of how he got there. He studies the name on the door, Evelyn Ortega, and trudges home. He pulls out his laptop and 'Google-stalks' her, as he and Tom used to call it. Nothing deep or dark, no evidence of a damning past. Just some publications, a few mentions of her academic accreditations, a boring social network page; the obligatory kind that only has the bare minimum. Wonderful. So far, all he knows is that this normal, boring, perfectly average person is turning his life upside-down. He sits on his cold, overly soft couch in his empty home and thinks about how in another life he might have been talking to Tom right now, through the computer. Or maybe Tom himself, in person, if he had been in one of those moods he got in every so often and ducked out of work claiming illness. Tom had often told Sebs that he should be able to claim 'terminal boredom' instead. It wasn't so funny now. Sebs is getting tired of the silence that seems to pervade every inch of his life but there's not much he can do about it. He feels his chest sting as he starts to cough, the cough that seems to have been coming and going since ( that day ) two months ago. He idly wonders if he should attempt to get some antibiotics, something but ultimately he decides he doesn't care enough and he has enough doctors in his life right now anyway. \"Welcome back,\" She says, the next time they meet, \"I'm glad you came back.\" \"Where else do I have to go?\" No self-pity, just truth. \"Point. But it says something that you acknowledge it.\" You always have to have the last word, don't you? \"Let's try something new today. What do you want to talk about?\" He remains stubbornly mute, waiting for the trap. \"Come on now, don't make me force you, a-hah-ha!\" She laughs a short, maybe intentionally girlish laugh, the a-hah sound emphasized. It annoys him. A lot. \"There's nothing on your mind? Not a single thing you want to talk about?\" \"Silence.\" \"You want to talk about silence? That's poetic.\" \"Everything is silent now.\" \"Up until a few minutes ago, you weren't helping with that.\" \"Everything.\" He refuses to explain what he means. He goes home that night with a journal he's supposed to use to write down anything that might be relevant to his current situation. Anything that he thinks of. He stares at it for a moment, then opens it, runs a finger over the snowy pages. He toys with the pen for a moment and then writes: Fuck. Pause. Fuck this. He smirks and then continues I think this is fucking stupid. It's a waste of time. He feels satisfied by this somehow, reminding himself of the rebellious child he'd attempted to be so long ago. He stares at it like it's some kind of accomplishment and it is, really; the most he's done in at least a week. He sleeps without the pills and doesn't dream. It must be their fourth or fifth visit when Dr. Ortega asks him (abruptly) what he thinks a friend is supposed to do. He stares blankly. \"To you, what does a friend do?\" Honestly? \"Help? Help each other, I guess.\" His word choices are getting colloquial, lazy. He's not too concerned with impressing anyone anymore. \"Why 'help'? Out of all the things I'm sure you do with people, why 'help'? You like helping other people? You like being helped?\" He says nothing. \"I know you act like you don't like being helped. I'm looking at it right now. But you think that people should help each other. You've said this before. You talked about 'being there'…what is that really? What is 'being there' to you?\" \"It means…talking to someone when they need you to and even when they don't but they want to anyway. It means doing something for someone even when they don't ask but you know they'd want you to and maybe they don't want you to but it's good for them anyway.\" \"You sound like an angry Hallmark card. Seriously, did anyone ever tell you that? Because you do. You have some very strong and very impractical ideals. You ever read Simone De Beauvoir in your big shiny Ivy League education?\" She doesn't wait for him to respond. She's making a point. \"She talked about how every woman wants 'the ultimate, soul-searing love'. It sounds like you're looking for some kind of \"soul-searing\" friendship. Like the reason you don't get close to people is because you want someone you click perfectly with so you can have some kind of thoroughly co-dependant bromance. Call me crazy, but that doesn't seem like it works too well.\" \"Weren't you just telling me not a too long ago to stop 'not feeling'?\" \"It's all or nothing with you, isn't it? Maybe read between the lines, see a middle ground?\" \"Do you do this with all of your patients?\" \"Treat them like they have functioning brains? Only if I think they deserve it.\" He has no response to that. Sebs starts taking walks. Long walks. He's got nothing better to do. He walks for hours, sometimes ending up in parts of the city he's never seen before, which is rather impressive, considering. He walks and he watches. He watches people; the way they move and the way talk to each other. Some of them are in a hurry; they walk fast, talk fast. Frantic gestures and forceful words. He idly wonders what they're rushing for. Others are too slow. Overly cautious, everything contemplated and measured. Those people frustrate him. And then there are the painfully normal people, the people who seem to be doing everything at just the right pace, no more, no less. They confuse him because he's pretty sure he used to be one of them. \"And then we-\" \"Why're you so talkative today, Sebs?\" He snaps to attention, startled by the use of the long-unused nickname. He's pretty sure if he were some kind of cartoon character, his ears would literally be perking up. \"Why'd you call me that? Where'd you get that from?\" \"You said it yourself \"And then Tom said to me 'Sebs, why do you always have to second-guess everything…'\" I asked you to tell me how much time you spent together and a few sentences later you're telling me this stuff about standing on a roof, howling at the moon….\" No one calls me that, not anymore, he wants to say but he doesn't because she'll know. \"Looking at you, I have to say it's pretty hard to imagine.\" \"We did all kinds of crazy shit together…\" He realizes that he's smiling but it fades quickly. It feels inappropriate, wrong. One of his walks takes him out in the late afternoon. It's starting to get dark of course but not so inky that he can't see anything. His feet absently lead him in a direction he's pretty sure he never wanted to go again but he can't fight it. He knows exactly where he's going but if someone were to ask at that moment, he couldn't, wouldn't tell him or her. Can't explain himself anymore. When he sees the gates he feels a flood of determination as if this is what he meant to do all along. He passes through, takes his familiar place in front of the black stone and all of a sudden he's pulled back to this moments months ago. This time he feels empowered, rather than helpless. He stares at the thing angrily, not that it makes any difference. \"You asshole.\" The anger tastes good in his mouth. \"Why'd you do that? Seriously. What were you hoping to accomplish? Where do you get off just leaving me here to clean up the mess? You couldn't have held out a little longer? You know that's all it takes for your crazy highs to come down again. You never could. Wait, I mean. You were always so damn impatient. Was this what you were rushing towards? Was this was what you were waiting for this whole time? The grand finale? Let me tell you something, if this were one of your beloved classics, one of your stale overwritten novels, this would be a really shitty ending. Where do I fit into the story? I am the Holy Fool? The Sidekick? The hapless bystander? What if I didn't want to be in your story at all? Maybe I had my own damn story. You ever think of that? Maybe you just fucked up my story. \" The warmth of his anger carries him all the way home. It isn't until he's back in his room that the heat fades into bitter chill. He's cold an awful lot these days. He starts digging through his closet idly, looking for a sweater or something . He's become rather apathetic to the majority of his clothes, lately. Somewhere, shoved in the back, he pulls out something long forgotten. A muddy brown sweatshirt, the faintest circular logo on one corner of the chest revealing it to be from his college. He hasn't worn a sweatshirt since then, at least, and maybe not even at that point. He stares at it for a moment, then says 'fuck it' and puts the damn thing on. It's warmer than it looks. He dreams a long detailed dream and wakes up against his will, fighting and grasping to salvage the details. He and Tom were sitting and talking…for what must have been hours…in a room that looked both totally familiar and not at all. He can't remember anything they said but they had been so engaged. Any attempt to produce a concrete memory is like watching a silent movie. His stomach twinges with guilt. Then he hates himself for wishing it could have lasted longer. \"Can I ask you a question, doctor?\" \"You can, you may and you should.\" \"You ever just think you have no goddamn reason for being on this earth?\" Sebs starts using the journal, but he doesn't write notes, per se. He makes lists. Words that come to mind, maybe a phrase, that get stuck in his head. Sometimes a string of words at once. Words like random or feral or explosion There's a day when the only thing playing on the radio is Elvis. He simply writes fucker . \"What kinds of things do you think about when you think about Tom?\" \"Death.\" \"Was that an attempt at being a smartass? You're losing your touch.\" \"Tom is death and death is Tom. This whole thing, our whole…everything. It was just so he could die?\" There's an unintended question that emerges and he resents his voice for betraying him. \"Pretty much. Everyone's \"whole…everything\". I hate to tell you, but that's how this whole mortality thing works, buddy. You could drive yourself crazy trying to explain it beyond that. Lots of people have.\" One night, Sebs is restless, his legs itching for movement, his walls too confining He starts to walk, as usual, with no conception of where he's heading. He finds himself down familiar streets whose memory is just on the tip of his brain. He comes to a halt when he sees something undeniably familiar. It's just sitting there like a goddamned relic of ghosts long past. The bar where he met Tom. It isn't busy. Hadn't been that night either. \" Ummm…hey. Thanks for that.\" \" Not a problem. That guy was a dick.\" \" I'm Tom,\" he says, holding out a hand like he's a kid being introduced around by his parents. The sincerity of the gesture, none of the typical force or power behind it makes Sebastian want to smile. The guy is nervous but not because of him. He seems like nervous is a perpetual state with him. Not true fear, just nervous energy. Antsy, as his mother used to say. \" I'm,\" the heaviness of his name weighs on his tongue as it sometimes does. He's played around with the idea of nicknames but he's never had someone to be that casual with. Seb? Sebs? That sounded like something casual, something someone would call themselves, \"Sebastian.\" He couldn't do it. Damn. \" Sebastian. Seb-astian.\" Tom makes a face like the name is twisting his tongue. He's used to it. \" Can I call you Sebs?\" It isn't much of a question and now he's wondering where that hint of force came from. \" Sure.\" He swallows the thought and walks in, slowly and deliberately like he's at some kind of shrine. It's a shitty little dive; dark and dark wood and pervaded by the smell of stale beer and smoke, even though smoking's been banned for a while now. He sits at a table, by himself, and orders a drink. He's not really in the mood and hasn't been for some time but that doesn't seem to matter right now. He drinks and tries to drown out the sounds of memories in his ears. He sees and hears Tom in what might have been a true recollection or maybe entirely fabricated, doesn't make a difference at this point, hears him scolding. \" Dude, take it easy. I don't wanna be carrying you tonight.\" If it really were Tom, Sebs would have stopped, would have burned with embarrassment, maybe tried to change the subject. Sebs tells the voice in his head to shut up and tries to find something else to focus on. \"Wear my ring around your neck\" is playing. Tom used to love this song. He's sitting in the bar where he met Tom and Tom's music is playing on the sound system and the whole thing is so fucking absurd he could just die. \"Aren't you gonna ask me about my childhood, any of those typical shrink questions?\" \"You watch too much TV. Besides, I'm not a Freudian.\" \"What are you, then?\" \"I'm special. Besides, I feel like the things that patients let slip when you just let them talk are more important than anything that could be coaxed.\" He wanders into a drug store, vaguely contemplating doing something about the pain in his chest cough when he catches the sight of the quintessential greeting cards off to the side. All of the standards, and then, confined to one narrow column. He looks because he's curious, morbid curiosity. He wants to laugh but doesn't. He skims the words He was a good man. Debatable The Memory Lives On It won't fucking die. Death Cannot Kill What Never Dies That one rings ominous to him despite the more positive connection it's supposed to draw, echoing in his mind. What never dies, really? Loneliness? Hurt? Confusion? What kind of psychopath comes up with these things, anyway? Sentiments too heavy to be appropriate in any other venue and too vague to matter. Death Cannot Kill What Never Dies. \"All my life I've had a goal. I didn't have to specifics of how I was going to get there, but I knew what it was. It wasn't a purpose in any kind of spiritual way, but it was a goal, it was something. Then I realized that there was no big sense of triumph, no final satisfaction. I just had to keep it going, forever, and ever, amen. I was just setting myself up to…continue…for the rest of my life. Then, with Tom, life wasn't about deadlines or papers anymore. It was …fun. Suddenly, there was someone to do things with and a reason to do them. There was someone who would care if I had a bad day and I could care about his. There was someone there . I liked it, maybe I needed it but I don't know how to look for it and I just…don't want to hurt anymore.\" She takes a long look at him, her expression unreadable. \"I think we're done here.\" She says in a toneless voice. Sebs is too exhausted to do anything but nod. He's walking to work when it finally hits him. He's been deemed sane enough to work again, though it feels less like victory and more resignation, on both ends. Someone trips him accidently, too many feet, too close together. He falls flat on his face and shakes off anyone who shows him the slightest hint of concern. He separates himself, moving off to the side and checking his clothes for tears (miraculously none). And he suddenly realizes it. He's right back where he started from and not a thing has changed. In one moment, life seems as pointless, as absurd as the most pessimistic philosopher could ever wish, the whining complaint of every squealing death metal band, every angsty teenage poem and every real one too. He starts to laugh, quietly at first but it slowly increases in volume, becoming more erratic, more intense. ' And he laughs the laugh of the damned…' Some quote from his undergrad years that he's probably butchering but he couldn't care less right now. He laughs until it feels like his lungs are going to break, the bitter pleasure giving him the strength to ignore the pain. He finishes, straightens up and takes his place back in the crowd, back in line. ","Summary":" It's been three weeks, more or less, since Tom's untimely demise and it seems like the friggin' bon"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"This Year's Theme","Author":"Jersey Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7589608","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Hey guys! Look! not an AU! Well, it could be AU since it takes place in the past, but you know what? It doesn't make a difference. Just kinda got this idea into my head a while ago and wanted to do something more awkward than the usual fair. Timeline wise...Tom's 17/18 at this point, so yeah...it's the 90s. Best Decade Ever. Anyway, don't know why you're reading this. Carry on. (Also, story starts now, the line-break is making the formatting look weird and I am most displeased). \"Go on. Go on! He's harmless. It's just a bit of fun.\" \"Ah, I dunno…he's weird…like real weird. Ya know…really, really weird. Besides…I'm here with you, Rich…\" \"C'mon, then do it for me. It'll be funny. I promise. Besides, that ol' limp dick won't do anything to ya. I swear.\" \"Ah…alright. If you say so, but what'm I gonna do?\" \"Oh, I dunno…just mess with him a bit. You know… mess. I'll help. C'mon…\" \"Ok, ok…but you owe me if this doesn't work.\" Tom had been doing his best to mind his own business, blend in, entertain himself. It was hard though as he watched his fellow classmates dancing to the overplayed songs and others joking at obnoxious volumes to their friends. He'd tried to talk and do the \"people thing\", but that had yielded no results. School functions were social occasions, and they weren't much fun if no one wanted to be social with you, and that was just Tom's problem. He had no one to be social with. No one wanted to dance with him. He didn't have the faintest idea why. He could dance all right. He tried to be nice to everyone. He'd bathed especially well, made sure his hand-me-down tux looked okay, smiled when the opportunity presented itself…so why was everyone avoiding him? Well, he knew why, but he was trying to cheer himself up. Rationalize. It wasn't working. Who goes to prom without a date anyway? Oh wait…me. His mother had wanted him to go with the nice, neighbor girl, and she was nice and all, but it was an act. It didn't make him like her all that much. Tom knew even if that clever bitch fooled everyone else. Knew she didn't like him very much either. Besides, she had those weird braces that got food and shit in them, and that was just gross. All wet and old and smelly. Little chunks of slimy plaque. At the thought of it Tom felt his stomach twist itself round in knots, and he felt like he was going to puke. The room felt stuffy with all the moving bodies, and he just couldn't take it. His head was spinning and leaning up against the wall wasn't helping any as colored lights moved and shined in his eyes like little, fake, stars. He needed to get out. He needed some air. He just needed to be away from all this. The hallway was nicer. Less crowded, but there were still people roaming about. Mostly couples talking to one another quietly and holding hands and…whatever else. The sickness had subsided, but the spinning hadn't, so Tom started heading in the opposite direction, away from people, in as straight of a line as he could manage. It wasn't like they were going to notice anyway. He'd made it to the corner when his pilgrimage was brought to a halt. \"Mr. McKnight, where are you going?\" Tom perked up at the familiar voice of one of his teachers. She was one of the chaperones for the event, but the teenager hadn't seen her all night. Tom had quietly wondered where she'd been hiding away all this time. She must have been on hall duty or at least good at flying under the radar. Her name was slipping his mind as he blinked a few times like it would put the older woman into focus. \"Just getting some air. My stomach was upsetting me. I wasn't doing anything bad. I promise.\" The teacher nodded, a frown creasing her already aged face. \"Oh, I'm sure you weren't. You're much better behaved than your classmates you know.\" Tom didn't even hear the monotone compliment as he stared dumbly in response. The nausea was coming back, and barfing all over your teacher's nice shoes was generally frowned upon. \"You said you're not feeling well. You want to sit in the nurse's office for a little bit?\" \"No, no ma'am. I'm fine. Must've eaten something that didn't sit well. I'm fine. Really.\" \"You're sure, Thomas?\" \"Uh huh…\" Tom nodded his head a little too quickly, but the teacher must have taken it for sincerity as she simply patted the teen's shoulder and headed in the opposite direction. Tom leaned against a locker, pressing his head against the cool surface as he thought. Mrs., Mrs. What? Mrs. Wilkerson. Yeah, that's what her name is. As soon as the older woman was a good distance away Tom straightened up and then bent over, hands on his knees as his stomach heaved painfully to no avail. Nothing but air and a burning sensation in the back of his throat. How disappointing. Once the painful lurching stopped, Tom straightened himself out once more and continued on until he was face to face with the double doors that lead outside. Indoors was just too…indoors. He needed out, if only for a little bit. Tom took a deep breath of the night air as soon as he stepped out of the building. It was still warm out, it was May and this was California after all, but at least it was nature and not the recycled breathing air of his fellow students. He didn't hate them or anything, well, not all of them…not exactly, or something. It really didn't matter all that much anyway, or maybe it did. Whatever, he was outside and they weren't. He could be alone for a few minutes before returning to the overly warm den of teenage hormones and pop songs. Or at least he'd thought so. \"Hey! Hey, you…ain't you that Tom guy?\" \"Who wants to know?\" Tom turned his head as he addressed whoever it was. It was some girl, same grade as him if memory served, kinda short…really short, talkative he thought. He'd never really talked to her. Not that he could remember anyway, at least not for a significant amount of time. How do you know my name? \"Oh, you know…jus' little ol' me.\" The girl laughed, and Tom scowled partially because of how vague the girl was being and partially because of that laugh she had going. It was one of those really shrill, high-pitched, laughs. Why would anyone have a laugh like that? It was obnoxious and much too loud. He'd come out here for space and quiet, not pig squeal laughing. Tom grit his teeth. It was like nails on a chalkboard. \"Whaaaaaaat? Don't tell'me ya don't recognize me!\" the girl continued, her smile reminding the teen of the Cheshire Cat, all teeth and no sincerity. And you really shouldn ' t trust that cat. Tom shook his head, suddenly feeling like his throat had barbed wire shoved in it as the girl took a few shaky steps toward him before leaning into his chest muttering something unintelligible into his shirt. He wrinkled his nose as she tried to bury her face deeper. Oh, God…she stinks of cheap beer and car sex. Get off. Get off. Get off. I'm already sick to my stomach. You're really not helping. \"Look, miss, you've got the wrong guy. I don't think I'm the right Tom.\" I ' m never the \" right Tom \" . Tom shook his mind of the thought and continued. \"Now, if you would just stand up, please, I'd like that.\" Tom did his best to politely shove the girl off of him as he spoke, words courteous to the point of being ridiculous, but the all mighty power of drunken dead weight was against him as the girl wrapped her arms around Tom's torso, mumbling some more. \"Excuse me?\" \"I know who you are! I'm not wrong, no way. You're that…that freak kid. The McKnight kid…you know the really weird one. Never talk to nobody or anything…'cept when you do, and then he's just super creepy, like…super, super creepy. Total spaz. Him an' his family…no wait…just him. Total spaz. Yeah…total spaz.\" \"Oh, what a charming description,\" Tom replied sharply, feeling annoyance flush his cheeks. He felt himself pull away once more, but the girl wasn't giving in as she gripped tighter and giggled. Fucking cackling. Jesus Christ. Still, Tom's luck wasn't ready to improve just yet. Not that it ever really was. He didn't mean to do it. It just sorta happened as he used more of himself to get away, pushing the girl off of him more forcibly than before. Tom had thought he'd felt her starting to support herself more, but it turned out she had only started to lean back, letting go of Tom at the exact wrong moment, her body landing on the pavement with an unflattering thud. \"Shit, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do that. Jesus…you okay?\" Tom asked, his voice rising and falling with nerves. \"You pushed me! You fucker! You pushed me over! That's…that's n'way to treat a lady. Nuh uh…\" the girl huffed in indignation, getting louder and making no effort to stand up on her own. She scowled at Tom, and all he could do was stare blankly, scared half to death at the girl's sudden rage. \"I said,\" she continued drawing the words out. \"That's no way to treat a lady!\" she finished, voice becoming unearthly shrill. \"Calm down, please. I was just about to help you up. Really I was. Just, please stop yelling,\" he replied anxiously as he fidgeted. He leaned down and offered the girl his hand hoping that she would be nice enough to cooperate, especially after her little show. You want me to help you, I ' ll help you. Stop making such a scene. She gripped his hand too eagerly, too soon, and too tightly, squeezing his fingers in a surprisingly strong grip. She ' s fucking drunken SuperWoman. Tom winced for about half a second before returning the tight grip as best he could and pulling the girl up, using his free hand to support her back once it was off the ground and help her up. Suddenly the girl's arms were wrapped around him once more, restraining his arms in a straight-jacket hug, and Tom took in a sharp breath of surprise as his lungs were compressed. \"Oh, thank you! Thank you! Thank you!\" the drunken prom date squealed. Tom was going to respond politely when a forceful tug pulled his head down to the girl's face. Without a second thought she smooshed, there really was no other word for the sudden wet sensation, her face against his in a non-consensual kiss. The dry heaves returned, as Tom tasted something that wasn't the inside of his own mouth. He tried to move away, but the superhuman drunken strength wasn't going away as the girl gripped the back of his skull, messing his hair, and holding him hostage by his lapel. \"The FUCK is going on over here?\" The girl almost instantly released her grip, turning to the source of the voice as if she'd been expecting it, leaving Tom just hanging awkwardly in his spot, eyes wide like dinner plates, tongue lolling out stupidly as if it would make the tastes of acid and other person remove themselves from his mouth faster. It wasn't the taste of day old food and spit, but the taste of cheap booze and whoever or whatever else had visited the girl's mouth that evening wasn't exactly a preferable alternative. \"The hell, Monica? What're you doin' kissing this fucker?\" \"Hey, hey, don't worry. We weren't doing anything. I just helped her up. That's all,\" Tom blurted out suddenly finding his words, swallowing back his nausea. He opened his mouth again, but he wasn't fast enough. \"Thank God you came when you did! He tried to rape me!\" \"I tried to what?\" Tom exclaimed snapping his attention to the girl, the acid taste of nausea giving away to the burn of indignation as he saw the self-righteous look on the girl's face. \"Fuck, you kissed me you fucking bitch!\" And just like that I forget how to be a gentleman … fuck, I ' m not sorry. Bitch kissed me first. \"And now he's spreading rumors! It was terrible. I saw my life flash before my eyes.\" \"Why you rotten sonovabitch,\" the other boy, I think his name ' s Rich , growled. Tom looked at him, focusing this time. He was on the shorter side, like the girl, but he had the kind of build that warned anyone looking at him not to mess with him. Just like Curley…in Of Mice and Men. Tom shook his head, ready to retort, but before he could try to defend himself he felt pain as the other boy's fist flew forward, catching him square on the nose. Gasping and grunting from surprise and pain he stumbled and fell to the ground, nose blocked up with the scent of his own blood. He'd always been a bleeder, and now his head hurt as he tried to sit up, pressing one hand on the back of his skull and using the other to push off the ground. There were some loose bits of gravel in his hair, but he didn't feel anything wet, so Tom was fairly certain he wasn't bleeding, but a lump wouldn't have been surprising, but still he wasn't bleeding. At least not from that part of his head, and the hand that had been holding his skull went to his nose, doing its best to keep the blood from running down onto his clothes. He tried to open his mouth to speak, but all that came out was a pathetic whimper, his instincts telling him to plead for mercy while he was still alive. Perhaps this guy would be satisfied and leave him alone. Just leave me alone to tend to my possibly broken nose and aching pride. That ' d be nice. However, the boy didn't read Tom's body language and quiet whine in the way he'd hoped and was on him again, pushing Tom's head back down onto pavement. The impact caused Tom to see darkness for a moment, but he'd never been one to go down so easily as his fist developed a mind of its own, hitting the other boy's jaw with sudden force. \"You skinny, little, fuck,\" the other boy yelped through his hand as he rubbed his now aching jaw. He was going to have one hell of a nasty bruise. Both he and Tom knew it. Tom's head was still spinning as he felt more blows to his chest and face before the smaller boy pinned his head down with his hand, other hand in a fist. He ' s going to fucking kill me. Well, should have known something like this would happen to me. Tom clenched his eyes shut, feeling the soreness in his face protest. He wanted to cover his face, but for some reason his arms remained frozen, bent and pressed against his chest. He must have moved them there when he was getting punched in the chest. At least I tried to save myself for a little bit. \"Ah, Rich, lay offa him…we, we got him good. Let's get outta here…\" came the girl's voice, her words becoming better formed in her moment of clarity. \"Ya busted up that honker a his, an' I'm sure he's gonna have more brain damage than before…leave him alone.\" Tom let out a shaky breath, whether or not it was from relief or holding his breath he didn't know. Still, something about this wasn't sitting well with him. They got me good? The hell is that supposed to mean? \"Ah, but the little chickenshit hit me.\" \"I don' care…I'm not nearly drunk enough for this to be okay,\" the girl, Monica , continued, her momentary sobriety holding out a little bit longer. \"Besides…y'never said you were actually gonna hurt him. Just scare him a bit…\" Said…said? This was a plan? Tom felt anger welling up in his chest, but his arms remained frozen as his ribs ached and his face rebelled at each tiny shift of expression. Rich lingered for a second more before moving to stand up, releasing his grip on Tom's head at what felt like the very last possible moment. \"Chickenshit…\" he grumbled once more, glaring at the boy on the ground before walking off with the girl. He could have sworn he heard them talking as they walked away, but Tom's ears were ringing deafeningly, a headache immanent. He knew he heard one of them say \"Not worth the effort\", but he was beyond caring which. This had been a plan. They'd wanted to scare him. Well, they'd succeeded, and Tom just couldn't find it within himself to move as he lay on the cool ground, arms finally falling to the ground, and tasted the blood in his mouth. It hurt like hell, but he couldn't even cry. One, he was certain it would be horrifically painful. Two, his eyes felt dry as he looked up into the sky, the soft orange-yellow glow of the outdoor lights in his periphery. He stayed there in the mix of unnatural and natural light, hovering between the ground and oblivion. When he did sit up at last his ribs rebelled, but he ignored it. The blood on his face was getting stickier as it started to dry under his nose and around his mouth. His head was pounding, but he was suddenly painfully energetic. He couldn't just sit there. He had to move. Go somewhere. Anywhere at this point. Somewhere where I could get this shit off of my face would be nice. Tom carefully got to his feet, arms wrapped around himself defensively even though he couldn't hear anyone else outside. He couldn't even tell if anyone was left in the building as he walked over to it, leaning against a door, propped up by his arm. The door was locked, so Tom figured he'd been out for longer than he'd thought. Still, he couldn't move. Wouldn't move. His back felt locked in place, and his feet were like lead. He hung his head, staring at his useless feet, not wanting to look at his reflection in the glass window. He'd zoned out again when a tapping brought him back. He almost fell over backward as he looked in the window and saw a face that was not his own looking back at him. The next few seconds passed by in a blur as the door was opened and Tom walked in, feeling what he believed to be like one of those stumbling zombies in movies. Just shuffling around dumbly incapable of proper thought. \"Son, are you alright?\" the man who'd opened the door asked looking genuinely concerned. \"You look pretty darn well beat up.\" \"No, no…I'm fine,\" Tom replied, shaking his head as he came to from his zombie state, but looking away from the man. \"I just fell and on the pavement. I'm ok, really.\" The older man narrowed his eyes. Tom knew he didn't buy it, but his jaw was twitching, and he didn't feel like he could use it for a little bit. Tom figured he must have been the janitor given his outfit and the smell of cleaning products that he could sense through the dried blood on his face. \"Yeah huh,\" the man nodded, though even that looked skeptical. \"You need anything?\" he continued, voice softening with understanding. \"Just a bathroom…\" Tom brought his hand up to his face, lightly rubbing his jaw, recoiling slightly at the flaky feeling of where he'd been hit. The man gestured for Tom to follow him, and the teen did so without fuss. He stood behind the janitor silently as he pulled out his keys and unlocked the bathroom door. \"Thanks,\" Tom nodded, stepping toward the door, but the older man stopped him with a rather loud clearing of his throat. \"You didn't fall did you?\" \"No, sir,\" Tom replied quietly. \"I didn't.\" He held the man's gaze for a few seconds before the man frowned and turned away. Tom stood by himself for a bit more before heading back to the bathroom. The bright, white, light of the bathroom caused him to squint, but fortunately his eyes adjusted with some ease. He made his way to the sinks, turning on the water and messing with it until it was a comfortable temperature. Tom felt his muscles twitch, and before he could stop himself he looked up into the mirror. Bad idea. Very bad idea. Oh my god…my face. Jesus Christ… The nausea returned as Tom scanned the bloodied face in the mirror. He must have gotten his harder than he thought, but he wasn't entirely surprised. When he bled, Tom bled a lot. He was too distracted with the redness to see anything else of his face, and he started to feel dizzy as well. Suddenly the smell of blood was revolting, and he didn't want to look at himself. Tom bowed his head, sticking his hands under the faucet, and started to wash his face, trying to ignore the red on his hands and in the sink. Once he was satisfied, Tom finished by washing of what was left of the blood on his hands, grabbing some paper towels and drying his face carefully when he was satisfied with that as well. He looked back into the mirror, but this time he did not turn away. Scared. They were trying to scare me … am I scared? Tom stared back at himself, finding it incredibly to hard to hold his own gaze. He was going to be pretty bruised up, but his nose didn't look broken, just banged up. Things could have been worse, but he would have appreciated it more if his headache would go away. \"They got me good,\" he sighed, tapping the mirror solemnly. His hand dropped, and he turned around, throwing away the paper towels he clung onto as he headed for the door. However, he stopped short as he spotted a poster taped onto the door. Tom blinked a few times unable to read it until he realized it was one of the posters that had been up for weeks advertising the prom and it's theme. Memories to Last a Lifetime… Tom wrinkled his nose at the sentiment, ignoring his face's protests, and pulled the poster from the door. \"If I'm lucky I'll forget this.\" He folded the paper up and was going to throw it away, but ended up clinging onto the paper as he spotted the paper towels, tinted red, in the garbage. This night just wasn't going to disappear from his memory, and he was suddenly quite sure of that fact. The folded up poster found its way into the pocket of the now ruffled and somewhat filthy tux. His mother was going to be most displeased, but Tom wasn't concerned with that anymore. Pains were taking priority in his mind to the cleanliness of some borrowed outfit. He shut off the light as he left the bathroom no longer wanting the white light in his eyes. The janitor was nowhere to be seen, so he slipped out the doors quietly into the night once more. Hopefully, this time it would be less eventful. Memories to Last a Lifetime. That phrase usually meant good memories didn't it? But what about the bad ones? Those stuck with people too. Just as well if not better than the good. Post traumatic stress disorder is a terrible thing. Tom reached in his pocket and pulled out the poster, unfolding it and looking it over again feeling no less glum. \"People are stupid,\" Tom stated, crumpling the paper and tossing it into a garbage can as he walked toward his car, ignoring his aches. \"Horrible, but entirely stupid.\" Finally, he made his way to his car, or rather the scrap of mobile metal his dad had allowed him to use. Well, at least it was something. Tom planted himself firmly in the driver's seat, scanning the empty parking lot, catching his gaze in the rear-view mirror. \"I'm not scared,\" Tom said firmly, his gaze unwavering as if challenging himself. \"I am not scared,\" he repeated a few times more. Tom closed his eyes. \"They didn't scare me. They'll never scare me. I'm not scared. I'm not going to forget this.\" Tom started the car, opening his eyes once more. Memories to Last a Lifetime. A whole lifetime…Tom backed out, and headed for the exit, repeating the phrase over and over in his head. Memories to Last a Lifetime. Memories to Last a Lifetime. Memories to Last a Lifetime… Tom didn't know so much about the memory itself, but he did know he was going to remember what this felt like. It felt like self-pity. It felt like rage. It felt like loneliness and nausea and a whole body ache that would never fully go away. And Tom knew they'd persist. Not just for a couple days, weeks, nor months. No, this was an ache that would last for years if not forever, and that was abundantly clear. He couldn't say he liked it, but there was something comforting about this knowledge. Another constant to tack onto his pathetically short list. Tom opened the windows and listened to the breeze as it whipped around his head, one hand on the wheel and the other massaging his ribs. His anger had become dull, his fresh memories tucking themselves neatly away in the back of his mind. Stored away for whenever he'd need it. Whenever he'd need that anger he'd know just where to find it. He didn't know when he'd need the anger that he now harbored. He didn't even know if he ever would. All he knew was that after all this time of being \"that guy\", the freak, the outcast, he finally had what he needed inside of him to combat it one day. And when that one day occurred he'd remember. Remember the nausea the pain the embarrassment and the righteous fury. He'd remember them and feel them just as strongly as he'd just been feeling. After all…memories do last a lifetime. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Hey guys! Look! not an AU! Well, it could be AU since it takes place in the past, bu"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Curse of The Where Rabbit: Corin's Story","Author":"Crystal-Beast Onix Scorpion","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5020225","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is based on a dream that me and my brother both had (it was about the same thing on the same night!) Corin is runs away from home and lands in the world of Wallace and Gromit. She's stuck in a vegetable crazed world with a giant rabbit on the loose and there are some secrets about her life she never expected. Curse of The where Rabbit: Corin's story (Chap 1: Corin) Corin was a misunderstood teenager. She had no friends. Her only family was her abusive mother and siblings. She wasn't fed very well, as a result she was thin, although not weedy (sort of like Harry Potter in a way). Unlike her mother and uncle, who where pure-blonde with bright-blue eyes, she had black hair and one eye was as green as Russian Dioxide and the other was a golden-brown. Her skin was pail (naturally). Her clothes where black combats, black trainers covered in red skulls and a black, hooded, sleeveless top with a red undershirt. The clothes where very good for only two things. One: Keeping her covered. Two: Hiding the cuts and bruises. \"Leave me alone.\" Corin tried to walk away, but the taller, skinnier (which Corin never thought possible) and bottle-blonde girl in pink, grabbed her by the throat and slammed her back against the wall. \"Not until you do this.\" She snarled. \"That knife is a religious symbol. It's bad enough that Saki had the teacher take it from him. Our teacher is brainless. He should have known that Saki would never harm anyone. Sikh's aren't like that. Not many people with a proper religion are. I'm not going to steal it.\" Corin yelled. Saki was a boy in there science class. Another victim or Alexis's bullying. Although the two weren't friends, Corin still wasn't going to steal anything, especially a religious piece such as the kirpan in question. \"You'll do as I say or I'll-\" Before Alexis could finish, Corin kicked her in the stomach and ran. She knew Alexis would be waiting for her in the morning. She always was. When she got home her stepbrothers and sisters jumped her. 18 year old twins Sam and Danny (oldest boys) 18 year old twins (months younger than the boys) Ella and Val and 20 year old Millie. The oldest, 25 year old Jed was sitting on the battered sofa, watching. She could feel her skin breaking from the force of kicks and punches. \"Knock it off you five.\" Jed mumbled. \"Mum's gonna want to be able to hurt her, sure, but with the ability to stand. Or do you want mum to have a go at you?\" The others quickly left for there rooms. Ella, Val and Millie lived in one room, and Jed, Sam and Danny another. Corin was forced to sleep in the small, cold cellar. \"Thanks.\" Corin said as she stood up. \"If there's one thing that I don't get is why it's only you that winds up hurt.\" Jed looked at the ceiling. \"Maybe it has something to do with the fact that I'm a mistake.\" \"Since when?\" \"Oh, come off it. Mum says in all the time. How I was never meant to be born. The fact that my dad isn't yours. You've all came from the same dad but me… I'm not even supposed to be here.\" \"You'll find a way out.\" Jed was the only one who was nice to Corin. But his did it in a way so that no one would suspect he even liked her as a sister. Truth was, he loved his sister, was the only one who did, and she knew it. He would do anything for her if it didn't arouse suspicion. \"I'm going to help you. You need to get out of here. Mum's not coming home today, she's going straight to the pub. When the others are asleep use this key to get out.\" he handed her a key and an old, cheep mobile. \"I'll call you when I can. I need to make sure your safe. If you don't find anyone to take care of you by the end of the year, I'll have finished my course and you can live with me.\" Corin took the phone and key quickly. \"What?\" \"That's my agreement with mum. Once I've finished the course I'll have to move out. I'll find a place and find you.\" Corin nodded. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX The sounds of snoring rang loudly through the house. Corin carefully made her way out of the cellar and out of the front door. Then the burglar alarm went off. Before a single person could be waken by the noise she bolted off. She turned corners randomly, ran down streets and across roads, nearly getting ran over on more than one occasion, sprinting until she got lost. She had no idea where she was, but she didn't care. She must have been standing on a road because suddenly she saw a flash of light and something cold and metallic crashed into her, knocking her off or her feet. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Corin's eyes shot open. She was in a dark room, the only light was the soft flame of a candle by her bed bedside. The feeling started to come back to her body, she felt herself covered by warm, soft sheets. \"Good to see your awake.\" An all too familiar voice spoke from the other side of the bed. It was Wallace! Corin couldn't believe it. She had seen almost everything to do with Wallace and Gromit. The only happy thing in her life. Her flicker of hope. She spotted Gromit looking at her with a relived expression. \"You gave us quite a scare. So what's your name?\" \"I'm Corin.\" She spoke quietly. \"I'm Wallace and this is my clever lad, Gromit. Now, what's a girl, who's from Newcastle by the sound of it, doing 302 miles away from home? London may be a nice place to live, but you must have family back there. You look to me as if your running away.\" \"I… well… I can't go back home.\" \"Look, your family will be worried sick… why is it you don't want to go back?\" \"My mum, my siblings. All of this wasn't done by being ran over! It was them!\" She almost yelled, pointing to the bandages that covered the wounds on her body, also noticing that she no longer looked normal, she was made from the same clay-like stuff as Wallace and Gromit, but she was still thin. \"Please Wallace, you can't send me back.\" Corin broke down and started quietly crying. Wallace looked at Gromit, who nodded. \"It's ok Corin. I'm not going to make you go back, but I can't let you live on the streets or on your own. You can live with us if you like.\" Corin nodded tiredly as her eyes began to pull themselves shut. \"Now you get some sleep and we'll see how you are in the morning. Sorry if that was a little lame, but I was a bit stuck. This will get better. Hope you liked it. Look out for the next chap![Chapter 2] Hopenyou like this. Enjoy! (Chapn2: Lady Tottington) Therenwas only one thing to do with Wallace and Gromit she hadn't seen.nThat was Curse of The Where Rabbit, and now she whished she had.nCorin had been living with Wallace for just over a week. She andnGromit shared a room, but nether of them minded. Gromit was happynthat she wasn't the king of girl to stick pink stuff everywhere andnCorin was happy that he was the kind of guy who didn't mind havingnthe room dark. She lay in her bed sleeping. Dreaming about the timenwhen she would be able to help Anti Pesto. Wallace had promised hernthat the next time there was an attack on the vegetables she couldncome with them. Suddenlynshe was woken up by a poking in her bed and the wall opened up andnthe bed tilted, sending her flying down a shoot, as Gromit's bedndid the same. Wallace must have installed another for her. She soonnfound herself sitting with her two friends in a black version of thenAnti Pesto uniform and a mug of hot chocolate, her preference to thentea or coffee that Wallace and Gromit had. The mug was striped whitenand blue, just like there's, with a black C on the front for Corin. \"Sonthe plan is, we go in as quiet as possible. Gromit and I willndistract it and drive it towards you, making sure it can't escape.\"nWallace pointed to Corin, whispering just outside of the gate. \"Go.\" Corinnwatched as the two quietly open the gate. She waited for about anminute of loud crashes until Wallace shouted \"NOW!\" Corin ran in.nPeople where watching from there rooms at the commotion. She quicklyncaught the rabbit, which was being held down by Gromit… or rathernhe was being pulled along by it. There where people cheering. \"Hooraynfor Anti Pesto!\" Someone said \"Threencheers for Anti Pesto's newest member.\" said another \"Hooray!nHooray!\" \"What'snyour name?\" \"Dontell us.\" \"Yes,nyes! Tell us your name. Oh, please, please do.\" \"Comenon tell us.\" \"Whonare you.\" People where shouting at the same time. \"I'mnCorin. I'm… Wallace's adopted daughter.\" Corin blurted out.nShe couldn't say she was actually related to him. They'd know itnwasn't right. And she couldn't exactly say that she was livingnwith a total stringer. \"Oh,nmy prize Pumpkin. Thank you so much Anti Pesto, and to you Corin.nYour alright in my book kid.\" Mrs. Mulch smiled, hugging hernpumpkin. \"Allnin a days work.\" Corin and Wallace said together. Theynput the bunny in the back of the van and drove off, hearing the vicarnsaying \"God bless you, Anti Pesto.\" \"Nicenwork you two.\" Wallace laughed, smiling at Gromit and Corin as theynhigh-fived. \"Well done Corin. Your now an Anti Pesto official.\" XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Thennext morning Corin woke up Gromit wasn't there. Wallace was stillnasleep, so she tried not to do anything to wake him… mind you, thenonly thing that can wake him up is the smell of cheese. Corin gigglesna little as she thought that, walking down the stairs. She wantnthrough the kitchen and into the garden. She found Gromit in thengreenhouse, measuring an enormous Marrow. \"Wow!\"nCorin gasped, surprising Gromit a little. \"Sorry Gromit. I didn'tnmean to frighten you. Is that the Marrow your entering in thenVegetable Comp?\" Gromitnnodded a \"Yes.\" \"It'snlooking perfect. I bet you win.\" Corin winked and smiled. Shenlooked at her reflection on the glass and noticed that she wasn'tnas skinny as she was a few days ago. Her body was strong, thin, notnskinny like she used to be, and she had a curvy, hourglass figure.nShe smiled. It was amazing what a few days of eating properly couldndo. \"OW!\"ncame a cry from inside the house. If Gromit had a mouth, he would bensmirking right now as he rolled his eyes. Thenhuman and dog went into the kitchen to see Wallace sit down at thentable, his left hand caught in a mouse trap. His fingers wherenswollen and red as strawberries. Gromit rolled his eyes. Corin heldnthe base of the trap whilst Gromit removed the metal bar fromnWallace's hand. \"Ermm…ncaught red handed, ey Gromit?\" Wallace smiled like it was al anmassive joke. Gromit gave a slightly pained expression. \"… I'mnsorry lad, but I can't help it. Truth is, I'm just crackers aboutncheese… look, if I'm going to change me ways, at least let me donit my way.\" Wallace pressed a button on the table. \"Withntechnology. This is my new invention. The Mind Manipulation Omatic.nIt extracts unwanted thoughts and desires. Now is the perfect time tontest it.\" \"Wallace,nI'm not sure that this is the best idea you've had. Can't younteat it on something else first?\" Corin said, her face worried. \"Nonsense.nIt'll work fine. Just a little \"Oy!nYou two! Let's go. We have a new client. Lady Tottington herselfnwants us to deal with her rabbit problem. Come on.\" They all ran tonthe van. Whennthey got there Corin stared at the field. Wallace ignored it and wentnfor the rabbit. Just then her realised what she was searing at. Thenentire hall was infested with rabbits. \"What the…?\" \"Turnnon the Bun-Vac.\" Gromit got out the giant machine and sat at thencontrols, Corin standing beside him. \"Campion sucker, ey, Gromit?nThis will impress her ladyship. Afterna while it was almost finished when all of a sudden. \"THUMP!\" thenpipe was blocked. \"Oh!nI should have used a bigger nozzle.\" Wallace said, to no one innparticular, when a voice came from behind us. \"Ah!nAnti Pesto. You're here.\" A woman with big, bright red hair camenup to us. \"Yournladyship.\" \"Myndarlings!\" Corin and Gromit tried to stifle there laughter as itnlooked like Wallace and Lady Tottington where about to kiss, and shenwent for the Bun-Vac. \"Your safe. My word, what a fabulous jobnyou've done!\" \"ah!nThe old BV 6000 ma'am. Capable of 100 RPM! That's rabbits PernMinuet.\" \"Howninspired!\" Lady Tottington smiled. \"It that all of them?\" \"Oh,njust one left. Hoist her up Gromit.\" Gromitnpilled a leaver and pulled up, what seemed like a living clump ofndirt, who was none other than Lord Victor Quartermaine. Wallace shotnGromit a terrified look and gave the signal to cut the power. Corinnand Gromit pulled the leaver and a scruffy, mangled victor ploppednonto the mound of dirt. Philip, his dog, started to lick the mud offnof his master. \"Victor,nstop fooling about in the dirt and come and take a look at this. Thenfamous Anti Pesto, and there great new team member, have completelyndealt with my rabbit problem. Isn't it simply marvellous?\" LadynTottington smiled at the bunnies in the Bun-Vac. \"Marvellous?nMarvellous? This hideous contraption virtually suffocated me.\"nVictor got right up into Wallace's face. \"Besides, the jobs onlynhalf done. How do you intend to finish these vermin off? Crush them?nLiquidise them?\" Victor said, angrily kicking the BV. \"Hey!nFeet away from the bunnies.\" Corin scalded. \"Shutnit, you little freak, before I shoot you.\" Victor threatened. \"Therenhumane.\" Lady Tottington explained, searing at Wallace. \"Humane!nHA!\" Victor scoffed. \"Well perhaps they would be humane enough tongive me back my dignity. I want-\" victor shot a crooked smile atnLady Tottington then got back in Wallace's face again. \"Toupee,nplease.\" \"Oh,ngrand. We take cash or cheque.\" Wallace said, misunderstanding whatnVictor had said. \"Toupeenyou idiot. My hair is in your machine.\" \"Oh,nno, it's only rabbits in there.\" Corin rolled her eyes andnslapped her head. \"The hare is a much larger mammal.\" \"Outnof my way you fool.\" Victor pushed Wallace away. Corinndecided to see if there where any rabbits left round the back of thenmanner. She had the feeling that Victor didn't like her fornsomething other than being with Anti Pesto. 'wow!nNice garden… shame about the rabbit holes.' She thought as she quickly wandered round. 'well,nno bunnies here. Better get back to the van.' Corinnarrived just as Wallace and Gromit where getting in the car. \"Hurrynup Corin, time to go.\" Wallace said happily. \"Thanknyou so much you three… I would love to lat them roam free if itnweren't for the competition. But they do so love there vege. It'snin there little bunny natures and you can't change that can you?\"nLady Tottington laughed. \"No.\"nWallace replied, then he got the look he had when he has an idea…nwhich is when things tend to go wrong. \"Or can you?\" he turned tonGromit who started driving, but not before Corin and him shared anworried glance. Sorrynfor the long wait, but I was desperate for a long chapter. I'm alsondesperate for more reviews. Plz review more and suggest was I couldnimprove my work. Keep and open eye for the next chapter![Chapter 3] Here's the next chapter. Enjoy! (Chap 1: The first attack) The van slowed as they came to there home. \"We're here.\" Wallace announced, expecting an answer from Corin. \"I said, we're here.\" Wallace repeated. Gromit rolled his eyes, undoing his seatbelt and opening the car door. He walked on all fours to the back of the van and opened the bubble doors. Corin had fallen asleep along with the rabbits and was still stroking a small, white baby bunny sleeping in her lap. \"Oh, look. Isn't that sweet… maybe we should let her keep that one as a pet.\" Wallace suggested, looking to Gromit for an approval. Gromit thought. 'hmmm… well, it wouldn't interfere with our everyday activities. But on the other hand, what about our jobs?… Well, it's still in captivity so we're still doing our job. But on the other hand, what if it escapes?… well it seems Corin finds catching rabbits easy, and she's smart enough to know how to stop it from escaping… so.' Gromit nodded. Wallace carefully took hold or the rabbit, as not to wake him, and Gromit carried Corin on his back, walking slowly on all fours. Gromit lay Corin down on her bed and gently pulled the covers over her, the bunny curled up into her neck. The two closed the door and left for the cellar quietly. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Corin didn't know for how long she had been sleeping, but she was awoken by a loud CRASH! Like a chair had been kicked over, and Wallace's voice shouting \"GROMIT! HELP!\" She jumped out of bed, and closed the door. She had noticed the bunny and didn't want it to escape. And ran down to the rabbit holding cells. \"What's going on?\" Corin spoke. As she came down the stairs she saw Wallace bouncing around like a rabbit. \"What the?\" she saw the Bun-Vac was attached to the Mind Manipulation machine, which was latched onto Wallace's head, and was sending sparks shooting around left, right and centre. \"Gromit! The reach, break the glass bowl.\" she called over the rumble of the BV. Gromit saw what she was talking about and smashed the MMO. \"Oh, thanks lad.\" Wallace said, a dazed expression on his face. \"Quick. Give us a carrot.\" Confused, Gromit handed his friend a carrot. Wallace held to carrot to the rabbit in his hand, which sniffed, then, with a disgusted look on it's face, pushed it away, snorting. \"It worked Gromit!\" Wallace stood up, his face lit up with amazement. \"A reformed rabbit.\" he placed the little bunny in a pen. \"We'll call him Hutch, shall we? Come on, let's get the kettle on. We'll see to him in the morning.\" And with that, Wallace walked up the stairs passed Corin, like nothing had happened. Gromit and Corin exchanged glances and shrugged. They found Wallace putting up a picture of Lady Tottington, making a speech about mankind being free from rabbit problems forever. \"Oooook. I'm gonna go to bed. You coming Gromit?\" She motioned to the stairs, and Gromit started before her. \"Yes, I'd best be off to bed too. I'll need all me strength for the next rabbit attack.\" Wallace said as he followed them. \"Night Wallace.\" Corin called. \"Night Corin. Night Gromit. Sweet dreams, old chum.\" Wallace called back. As soon as silence was heard, it was broken buy the loud snoring of none other than Wallace. Gromit rolled his eyes and Corin giggled. \"Night Gromit.\" she whispered, receiving a nod from her friend before they lay down and fell asleep. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX (Gromit's POV) I awoke with a start to the sounds of alarms from down the stairs. Corin wasn't in her bed, so I went down stairs. I found the kettle, which was part of the contraption which woke me up, had been knocked off. I went into the kitchen to find Corin, frantically trying to find the plug for all the alarms. \"What happened?\" She asked, spotting me in her flap. I shot her a look. 'How am I supposed to know?' \"That was a rhetorical question, but what do we tell Wallace?\" Before anything else could be done, Wallace came down the shoot. \"Morning Gromit, Corin. A pest-free night by…\" he was cut-off when he saw the flashing eyes and heard the sirens going. \"…chance.\" he finished. (End Gromit's POV) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX \"It's a disaster.\" said one person. \"Me garden's ruined.\" said another. \"It's carnage out there.\" \"Where is Anti Pesto.\" \"Simmer down. Simmer down now.\" PC Mackintosh called over the crowd in the church. \"Right, one at a time, if ya please.\" \"We pay good money for our crop protection.\" Mrs. Thrip shouted, waving her umberella at Wallace. \"If ya can't deliver the goods, maybe you should keep yer traps shut.\" Corin had to dive out of the way and Mr. Crock swung a broken cage to Wallace, and decided to stand in the isle. \"I never saw such cauliflower carnage. Worse than the Great Slug Blight of '32, when there were slugs the size of pigs.\" Mr. Growbag said. \"Growbag's right! The slugs are back!\" Mrs. Mulch cried, sending everyone else into a panic. \"That's enough! That's enough!\" PC took of his hat \"Look, this flippin' vegetable competition causes nothing but trouble every year. \"Here we go again.\" Someone muttered. \"I'm tellin' ya, this was arson.\" he said. \"Arson?\" people echoed. \"Yea, someone arsin' around. Yea, one of you lot. A man.\" another riot started. \"This was no man.\" Came the vicar's voice. He came down the isle in a wheelchair. \"Does a man have teeth the size of axe blades?\" he said, grabbing Corins arm as he passed, making her wonder if she should have stayed where she was. \"Or ears like terrible tombstones?\" he stood up and walked on shaky legs. \"And by tampering with nature, forcing vegetables to swell far beyond there natural size, we have brought a terrible judgement upon ourselves.\" just then someone started playing spooky music on an organ. \"Hey, give over.\" He told the woman at the organ, who stopped and closed it. \"Ya mental.\" PC Mackintosh muttered. \"And for our sins, a hideous creature had been sent to punish us all. Repent! Repent! Lest you too taste the wrath of… the Were Rabbit!\" he turned and pointed to the shape in the broken stain-glass-window, the doors behind him flung open. People began to panic again. \"What is to become of the vegetable show?\" the man behind Corin called out. \"We live for our competition. We're simple folk, it's all we have. Who will save us?\" The screams where drowned out by a gunshot. They turned to see Victor Quatermaine in the doorway. \"\"A Were-Rabbit? Oh, come, come now. I do believe the vicar's been at the communion wine again.\" he said, walking into the church, not noticing his dog almost being crushed by a statue. \"\"What we are dealing with here, is no supernatural rabbit. It's a big fellow, perhaps.\" he said, looking and the smashed window before cocking his gun \"But a mortal creature, of flesh and blood. Easily dealt with by a hunter.\" he said proudly. \"You couldn't hit the right side of Tottington Hall. There is now way we're gonna let you anywhere near that rabbit.\" Corin said angrily. \"You what?\" He raised an eyebrow to the girl. \"I bet you couldn't hit me now.\" she said. \"I'll take that bet.\" he said, pointing the gun at her. \"Guns will not be necessary, thank you, Victor.\" Lady Tottington interrupted before Victor could even think of puling the trigger. He put the gun away quickly as to seem innocent and put his arm around Corin's shoulders, who just pushed him away. He moved away from me in front of some sort of pitchfork which caused him to look like the devil. \"Hasn't there been enough destruction? I believe the killing of fluffy creatures is never justified. I say we give Anti-Pesto a second chance.\" Corin smiled as she heard this and nodded triumphantly at Victor, who threw his head back and laughed, making the young girl frown. \"HA! What? How on earth could those tiny-minded buffoons, and a little sissy girl, ever catch such a big rabbit?\" Victor looked triumphant for a second, but quick changed his tune when he caught the death glare Corin was sending him. \"Mr. Wallace?\" she looked at Wallace hopefully. \"Well… err… with a big trap.\" He said, unsure. Corin and Gromit rolled there eyes and slapped there heads. \"By Jove, he's- he's got it.\" My. Crock announced, before going back to his pipe. People started cheering. Not long after they where on there way home. \"Wallace, what exactly are we going to do?\" Corin said from the back of the van, Gromit was in the back with her. \"Don't worry you two. I have a plan, I'll explain it when you get up. Now, when we get in your going straight to bed, we've got a long night ahead of us.\" Wallace said, like it was nothing. Corin turned to Gromit. \"Why do I get the feeling that this isn't going to end well?\" Gromit gave her a look that said 'Well this is Wallace we're talking about' Sorry if it's a little short, I haven't been keeping track of the length of this one. Tell me what you thought. What did you like? What didn't you like? What do you think could be improved? Plz answer at least two of those questions in the review, plz. Keep a look out for the next chapter![Chapter 4] Hey everyone, I'm alive! I'm back, but not for long. You see I've decided my account has too many unfinished stories, but I can't bare to remove them from the site, so I made a new account. I'm putting up some of my fished stories (the one or two of them) on my new account and MIGHT be continuing some old ones on my new account too. If there are any old ones you've read and rly liked, and you'd like me to continue them, then message me. My new account is CrystalBVB. Hope to hear from you all soon ^^ ","Summary":" This is based on a dream that me and my brother both had (it was about the same thing on the same n"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Wallace and Gromit : Return of the Were-Rabbit","Author":"pshattuck","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10139944","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue : Cab ride to a small town. England, many know it for the large clock Big Ben, or the large Ferris wheel the London eye. However the story begins, with a cab heading into a small town. In the back of the cab behind the two large suit cases was the 13 year old girl named Scarlet, her brown hair shining in the sun that shown into the cab window. \"You know, I normally don't allow dog's into me cab.\" the driver said to her breaking the long silence. Scarlet looked down at her lap to look at her brown and black spotted puppy named Comet, that was her friend for 4 years now. \"I know, but thank you for letting me bring him in your cab\" Scarlet said scratching her little dog's ear making him twitch his back leg. The driver took a good look at the girl in the back of his cab. \"You know\" he started \"the bloke you're going to meet ; is he really family, I mean not to be rude lass but he wears the same vest as you. You kind of look like him if he was a lass\" Scarlet looked down at her green sweeter vest that she wore over her white dress shirt. and slightly smirked at what the driver told her. \"My mother always said that to me before she died\" she told the driver \"I never really met her brother Wallace, I really hope he's nice as she said he was?\" The driver was silent for a long while as they passed a large banner that said 'Giant Veg Competition at Grand Old amusement park in 3 weeks. \"Seems like you're going be here when all hell will be breaking lose ey\" the driver stated. Scarlet looked at him. \"Yeah, my mother told me about the competition when she was a kid how her and Wallace would experiment with plants every year to try to win that thing. As well as all the adults would argue and compete with one another like children\" She said \"So how did she die if you don't mind me asking lass\" the driver told her a little insecure of asking the question. \"If you must know, she died of cancer a few weeks ago, her illness got worse after my father past last year\" Scarlet could felt a tear roll down her face as Comet stood on his back legs and wiped the tear from her face. Scarlet smiled at her friend, as the cab slowly stopped in front of a house. \"Well lass here we are West Wallaby Street, now remember if you ever should need a ride just give me a ring.\" The driver said, scarlet reached into her pocket for her remaining money she had to give to the cab driver. \"Keep it lass, you seemed to have been throw a rough time as it is the least is to give this ride on the house\" \"Thank you sir\" Scarlet said as she placed her money back and grabbed her stuff letting Comet hoped out of the cab first. \"Call me Dave miss Dave Hue\" He told her driving away. \"Well comet, are you ready to meet uncle Wallace?\" she asked the pup. Comet nodded and walked to the door with Scarlet, both of them curious on how their new life would be like. Well as shocking as it seems this story that I will be working on is an idea of a sequel for the Wallace and Gromit film curse of the were rabbit, I know this is not Creepypasta based of any kind, but I really hope you all will give this a chance and take a read. I really hope that you will review it, however please don't leave me reviews about the Oc's being Mary Sue's. Also I already know my grammar is bad, so please don't remind me. But anyway please let me know what you think and also give my other stories a read and review if you like.[Chapter 2] Ch 1: introduction Gromit was the first to hear the doorbell rang from his chair the white and brown dog got up and headed to awnser. \"Wait a moment lad!\" Gromit turned to Wallace who ran up from down stairs covered in oil and wires. \"I think it's best if I answered it, after all this is my sisters daughter\" Gromit Simply backed away from the door to allow his friend do what he wished, Wallace opened the door to revel the girl with brown hair, white shirt under a green vest, along with a brown shirt. This girl was almost a splitting image of himself, well back when he had hair. the man looked down at the small brown and black puppy that was standing on his back legs like Gromit dose. \"Hello, are you my uncle?\" the girl asked him. \"Yes lass I'm your uncle Wallace, and this is my dog Gromit\" Wallace told her having his dog introduce himself. \"Nice to meet you, I'm Scarlet and this s my dog Comet\" The little puppy walked up to Wallace and Gromit and shook their hands. \"Well what a nice little pooch you got there Scarlet\" Wallace told her \"Thank you I trained him myself, however if you don't mind I really would like to head up to the room to unpack.\" she told her uncle lifting her suit cases up a little to make a point. \"Certainly lass I will show you to your room\" As Scarlet entered the house she looked to see a bunch of Pictures of people with light bulbs in replace of there eyes. \"Um what's with all the creepy photos all over uncle\" Scarlet asked Looking at her uncle's dog rolling his eye as if telling her \"It's best not to ask\" \"Well Scarlet Gromit and me work as a pest control business during the fall for the competition, my inventions will tell use when there's a pest in a garden anywhere in town, as well as telling use which resident it is by the pictures you see here on the wall\" Wallace looked at his niece hoping she would be impressed by this. \"It's is creative uncle but, still kind of creepy\" Scarlet told him walking up stairs. On the second floor Wallace lead Scarlet to the final room down the hall. \"Here we are, I hope you dont mind it\" Wallace told her opaning the door. The room was a light blue with a bed, desk, as well as a small closet. Scarlet Walked inside it and looked around before placing her suit cases on the bed, and open them. the first one had all her outfits she had a few that were different but the rest were just like the one she was wearing now. However her second one had rolled up posters, a small tool belt, a few books and a framed photo of her mother, Wallace's noticed it and picked it up. \"Your mum was a really great person Scarlet, she was also the best sister an older brother could ask for\" Wallace told her then his eyes looking at the tool belt. \"Are you a builder lass\" Scarlet nodded \"Yeah you could say i was an inventor like you, mother always said that I was like you\" she said. \"Well from what it looks like, she might be right.\" Wallace added. As he saw his niece unroll her first poster that said silent hill the man, or what looked like a tall man with a stitched up like cloth around his waist, and a huge metal like pyramid for his head. He unrolled one of her posters as well and this one had a band called three days grace on it. Scarlet soon grabbed her poster from him seeing he had a look on his face. \"Look uncle, I know I hardly know you but it seems like you don't favor my choice of movie genera or my music.\" Scarlet told him tacking the last poster up \"but maybe we can talk more later I could really use the sleep i been on Cab rides for the past 5 hours\" \"Oh right-O, well I'll down stairs if you need anything\" Wallace said leaving the room and closing the door. Scarlet laid down on the bed looking at the photo of her mother, as comet jumped on the bed and curled up next to her. \"Oh mom, I sure hope you were right about him and i being the same\" she held the frame close to her chest \"Otherwise I don't think this will work\" Downstairs Wallace looked at the old letters his sister wrote to him that she wrote him, along with the one she wrote to him about her illness, and giving him custody rights of her daughter. \"Oh Gromit, I sure hope that my sis was right about me and Scarlet\" Wallace said aloud to him as they sat in their chairs in the living room. \"Otherwise I don't think it would work\"[Chapter 3] Ch 2: Blue suit / Brown boots Two hours has passed when Scarlet woke up from her nap, She looked to see Comet stretching his paws in the air. \"Just woke up too Comet?\" the pup nodded his head and jumped off the bed. Comet walked to the door and jumped to open it, telling his friend to leave her room to have a look around the house. \"I suppose we could Comet\" Scarlet told him getting up from the bed and walked to the open door. \"After all this is our home now\" The two quickly looked around upstairs and down stairs, Wallace and Gromit were no were to be seen. Scarlet didn't seem to care at the moment as she saw a door opened in the hallway, as she walked over to it and saw that it lead to the basement. \"Want to take a look?\" Scarlet looked at her dog that nodded back to her. As the two walked down, Scarlet looked in amazement at what she saw. All around her were machines, the metal was shining in the dimly lit room. She looked at them in amazement, inventing things were her life and being around these contraptions just made her happy. Comet himself walked around the room in amazement until he saw a large machine, the pup tried to see the top of it but ended up falling backswords but continued to stare at it. \"What is that?\" Scarlet asked herself looking at the huge glass dome that was covered in dust but could still see a small hand written label on the side. \"Bun vac 6000?\" She looked above the dusty machine and saw a large hose on top of it, she followed it to a smaller device with broken glass and control panel. She was very curious about what was it meant for, why was it down here collecting dust and not being used. However Scarlet lost her train of thought when she looked at something red under a blue tarp; as she uncovered it she saw a red motor bike that was banged up, but the side car was in even in worse shape. This gave Scarlet a urge to see if she could fix it or maybe even rebuild into something awesome. However she soon heard a door open upstairs and ran to grab comet and headed for upstairs. \"Ah Scarlet there you are\" She heard as she got to the first floor of the house, she tuned to See Wallace coming in from the back door. \"How was your nap lass?\" \"It was fine uncle\" she told him looking at something wrapped in brown paper that Wallace had in his hands. Gromit was giving her a look as if he was saying 'what were you doing down there?' as Scarlet realized that he was the one that opened the door she heard down in the basement, it had to be. \"Here\" Wallace said to is niece handing her the package \"Gromit and me ran to pick this up for you\" Scarlet smiled as to tell him thank you and started to open it. As soon as she torn the paper a pair of brown boots fell to the floor, as she finished unwrapping the paper it revealed a light blue work suit and a same colored cap to match. \"Um this is nice uncle\" she started \"but what is this for?\" \"Well, Do to the competition being in a few weeks, were going to be very busy\" Wallace started, picking up the hat and placing it on Scarlet's head. \"We could use all the help we could get\" She thought about it for a moment; this was kind of strange to think about. But maybe this is what she could do to get to know Wallace a little more. \"Sounds like fun uncle thank you\" she noticed that her uncle gave off a kind smile. But the small uncle/ niece moment ended from the phone ringing, Wallace picked it up and answered. \"Anti-Pesto humane pest control how mite we be of assistance?\" Wallace responded over the phone. Scarlet noticed a grope of photos on the wall. Most of them were of her uncle and Gromit but a few of them were of kid version him and a little girl by a few small resemblance indicated that the little girl was her mother. \"I wonder why they stopped being so close to one another?\" Scarlet thought to herself, her mind filling with possible questions for why her mother and uncle weren't. Did something bad happened? No if that was the case then he wouldn't have gotten custody of her. Maybe a fight? An accident with his inventions that her mom didn't like? Her thoughts were interrupted as Wallace entered the room. \"Lass, go get ready, were going to the amusement park.\" Scarlet looked at her uncle \"For what? \" She asked \"Lady Tottington need us to take care of a few rabbits that found their way on the park grounds, this will be a great way for you to see how we do things in our line of work.\" Scarlet nodded heading upstairs to change. A/N : Hello. Sorry I haven't posted anything lately but here a chapter done. I'm still working on The night of Crystal lake the new chapter is still w.i.p. Now for this story i got a question about having Fluffles in this and she is in the story you'll haft to wait till next chapter to see her.[Chapter 4] Attention everyone! First wow i honestly did noth think this story will still get love and reviews today i want to let you all know that i hope to rewrite this story. However the new version will be located on my wattpad account if you wish to follow me there and check out a few stories i have been working on that would be amazing. user/PaulaShattuck Just copy and past the link to get to my account to check out any new stories. I hope to see you all there : 3 -pshattuck ","Summary":" Prologue : Cab ride to a small town. England, many know it for the large clock Big Ben, or the larg"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"They Saved Milton Keynes","Author":"Marcus Rowland","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6857213","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is Top Gear / multiple surprise crossover fanfic, and a bit silly. You have been warned. All fictional characters belong to their respective creators, soulless media companies, etc. etc. There is no intent to infringe on copyright, this story may not be distributed on a profit-making basis. See the end of each chapter for a list of crossovers and sources. Several real media personalities appear in this story; however, in accordance with site rules, this story depicts the (at least partially fictitious) personas they adopt for their TV shows, not the real people and especially not their private lives. For an illustrated version of this story see Twisting the Hellmouth. They Saved Milton Keynes Marcus Rowland 1 It began with a faint dot on a computer screen. If it had ended there, if nobody had noticed, the world wouldn't have been much changed. A couple of hundred thousand people would be dead, the British climate would be worse than ever, and it would take twice as long to get from London to Birmingham. Cosmically speaking, that's small beer. It didn't happen that way. I - London: T-23 \"Are you quite sure about this?\" asked Jim Hacker. Sir Humphrey shook his head dolefully. \"Yes, Prime Minister. The Americans and Russians have offered to help, but they're privately admitting that they can't get anything put together in the time available.\" \"So what the hell are we supposed to do?\" \"Sir, there is a long British tradition of last-minute innovation and hare-brained plans saving the day. Dunkirk, the Dam-Busters, the Falklands war, the Italian Job... It may be that the best way to handle the situation is to let loose some of our finest improvisational minds, experts who will let nothing stand in the way of success, and give them every possible motive to succeed.\" \"You're not suggesting we hand the problem over to... to Alan Sugar, are you?\" \"We can't afford his fees, I'm afraid, and he'd want to turn it into a full length TV series. We need a faster solution.\" \"Who did you have in mind, then?\" Wordlessly, the Senior Civil Servant handed him the list. \"So this is it,\" said the Prime Minister, \"we're all going to die...\" II - Dunsfold Aerodrome, Surrey: T-22 \"Now earlier in the show,\" said Richard Hammond, \"We told you that Captain Slow was going to try driving the Bugatti Veyron at its top speed, 253 miles an hour. Well…\" A production assistant stepped into shot and made a throat-cutting gesture. \"Sorry, we're going to have to stop recording.\" \"What the hell for?\" said Jeremy Clarkson. \"Word just came in from Broadcasting House. The Director General wants all of you in London right away.\" \"That's going to bugger the schedule,\" said Richard Hammond. \"Can't be helped,\" said the voice of the producer, amplified over the PA system. \"I think they saw Jeremy's expenses claim.\" The studio audience laughed, assuming it was another stunt. \"Oh bloody hell,\" said Jeremy. \"It was nice knowing you, chaps.\" \"It's been… interesting,\" said Richard. \"Don't worry,\" said James, \"We'll find someone to replace you.\" \"Ha bloody ha.\" \"Race you to Broadcasting House?\" asked Richard. \"How much do you want to bet on it?\" Jeremy asked. \"If I'm going to be out of a job I might as well get as much of your money as I can.\" \"They've sent transport,\" said the production assistant, listening to the voice in his headphone, \"it's waiting outside.\" \"What have we got?\" asked Jeremy, detaching his microphone. \"Some bloody BBC bus?\" \"Reception says it's a helicopter.\" \"Exactly how much did you fiddle?\" asked Richard, following Jeremy out of the studio, with James taking the rear, followed by a fast-thinking cameraman. Outside the helicopter was sitting on the tarmac, its rotor blade already spinning. \"That's a bloody Lynx,\" shouted James, \"the fastest helicopter in service. What did you do, Jeremy, pawn the DG's Bentley?\" \"And why are there armed soldiers guarding it?\" added Richard. \"Because it belongs to the army,\" said one of the soldiers, saluting Jeremy, and added \"if you'd like to step aboard please, gentlemen.\" \"What if we don't?\" asked James. \"That might be... unfortunate,\" said the soldier, doing something clicky and ominous to his gun. \"Fair enough,\" shouted Richard, climbing aboard. \"Works for me,\" said Jeremy, ducking low, and followed him under the rotors and into the helicopter. \"Sir?\" shouted the soldier, \"We're waiting.\" \"This had better not be bloody 'This Is Your Life,'\" said James. \"I can promise you it isn't,\" said the soldier. \"You've Been Framed?\" \"Definitely not.\" \"Okay. But I'm not leaving a tip.\" James followed them aboard, and the soldier slammed the door behind him, while another showed him how to strap into his seat. The engines started to make a lot more noise, and the helicopter lurched into the air. III - Downing Street, London: T-22 \"Okay,\" whispered Jeremy. \"I've cracked it; I know why we're here.\" \"Go on,\" said James. \"Enlighten us, oh Brain of Britain.\" \"The penny didn't drop until I saw that Patrick Moore was here; then I twigged.\" \"And?\" said Richard. \"Patrick Moore, right? Loveable eccentric, older than God, astronomer, musician, very patriotic.\" \"I suppose.\" \"And then there's me. Loveable eccentric, young and handsome, driver, very patriotic.\" \"Okay...?\" \"So it's obvious, isn't it? They want us to go to Afghanistan to entertain the troops.\" \"And where do Richard and I fit into this?\" asked James. \"You're the comic relief, of course.\" \"Riiiight...\" \"You plonker,\" said Richard. \"Assuming for the sake of argument that the government found you entertaining, which I doubt, why in The Stig's name would they kidnap you in the middle of a recording? Why fly us to London?\" \"They didn't want to waste our time, of course.\" \"Which is why we've been sat here for nearly an hour,\" said James. \"While Sir Patrick gets wheeled straight in to see the PM.\" A mousy-looking man in formal clothing came in and said \"If you'd like to come through, the Prime Minister is ready for you now.\" He led them along a short corridor and into the cabinet room, where the Prime Minister and Patrick Moore were looking at some papers. \"Thank you all for coming,\" said Hacker. \"We weren't given much of a choice,\" said Hammond. \"Yes. My apologies for that, there really is an urgent situation. Please, sit where you can see the screen.\" He gestured to a plasma screen on a mobile stand. Sir Patrick, if you'd like to explain..?\" Sir Patrick moved to a seat facing them, and an astronomical photograph of a fairly nondescript group of stars appeared on the screen. \"This is a recent picture from Hubble. I'm going to switch back and forward between it and another taken a few hours later.\" The picture didn't seem to change, apart from one dot that moved slightly. \"As you can see, the object here appears to be moving.\" \"And?\" asked Hammond. \"To cut a long story short, a new asteroid has been discovered, and it's on a collision course with the Earth.\" \"Bloody hell.\" \"How big an asteroid?\" asked James. \"End of the world stuff?\" \"Fortunately no,\" said Sir Patrick. \"It's roughly the size of, oh, let's say the Albert Hall, and can't weigh more than a few thousand tons.\" \"So what's the problem?\" \"We've been tracking it for a week now, and we can predict where it will hit the Earth, within five miles or so. Somewhere in the near vicinity of Milton Keynes, in just over three weeks.\" \"Milton Keynes?\" said Jeremy. \"What's the problem? Probably improve the place. You've got three weeks to evacuate.\" \"Our best estimate,\" said Hacker, \"is several billion pounds in damage if the area of total destruction includes the city, plus another couple of billion in damage to the surrounding area. We're probably going to have to replace every window over about fifty square miles, for example. And Milton Keynes is a major transportation nexus, we'll probably need to reroute railways and shut down the M1 for a few months. All of that will come out of the taxpayer's pockets, of course.\" \"Bugger.\" \"Jeremy,\" said Richard, \"if the M1 is out of action what happens to the rest of Britain's roads?\" \"Total bloody gridlock.\" \"Thought so.\" \"So where do we come in?\" asked Jeremy. \"Blow the bloody thing up, what's the problem?\" \"The problem,\" said Hacker, \"is that neither the Russians nor the Americans have boosters ready to launch before the asteroid hits us, and neither are prepared to divert the resources that would be needed for a crash program. Our experts say that there's nothing to be done. Which leaves the situation in your hands.\" \"Our hands?\" said Jeremy incredulously. \"Think of it as a challenge,\" said Hacker. \"We're prepared to give you a budget of a hundred thousand pounds and full access to any resources or technical assistance you might need. All you need do is stop the asteroid from hitting Britain. It ought to be easy for people with your expertise.\" Hacker crossed his fingers behind his back. \"It'd make one hell of a show. We could have a countdown clock in a corner of the screen, and spend hours arguing about how we're going to do it.\" \"And end up in the Tower of London when we balls it up and drop the asteroid on Windsor Castle or something,\" said James. \"That's very unlikely,\" said Hacker. \"As I understand it, a slight change in the asteroid's course should make it miss the Earth completely.\" \"That's a hell of a challenge,\" said James. Almost inevitably, Jeremy said the fatal words: \"How hard could it be?\" \"Are you totally out of your bloody mind? How the hell are we going to get a rocket built in time?\" said Richard. \"Now there,\" said Sir Patrick, \"I might be able to help. There's a chap in Wigan with some very interesting ideas on rocketry, and he owes me a favour...\" IV - 62 West Wallaby Street, Wigan: T-21 \"So let me get this straight,\" said Jeremy, \"you built a rocket and flew it to the moon, but you can't use it to get to a poxy little asteroid?\" \"The problem,\" said Wallace - he didn't seem to have any other name – \"is that the fuel we used was a little ...um... temperamental. We got to the moon all right, but we were lucky it didn't blow up the rocket.\" His dog nodded mournfully, and handed James a clipboard covered with chemical formulae and equations. \"Seriously? You used this stuff?\" Wallace and the dog nodded. \"You're braver than I am.\" \"Is it really that bad?\" asked Richard. \"Think of the most enormous explosion we've ever had on the show,\" said James. \"Then make it a couple of hundred times bigger. They're lucky they didn't destroy the whole of bloody Wigan.\" \"That's it, then,\" said Jeremy. \"The Stig's driving.\" \"Works for me.\" \"But what about Wigan?\" asked Wallace. \"We'll launch it from somewhere a bit safer,\" said Jeremy. \"Salisbury Plain ought to be okay. Worse we'll do there is blow up Stonehenge. That'll annoy the hippies, so it's a win/win situation.\" Sir Patrick produced a slide rule from his pocket, made a few calculations, and said \"Assuming that your figures are accurate, and that we'll need to transport about a ton of equipment to the asteroid, we'll need to keep the total weight of the final stage to about five tons, including the re-entry vehicle. We'll be using a lot of fuel to match speed with the asteroid, much more than you needed to get to the Moon.\" \"So we need something aerodynamic and lightweight for the re-entry vehicle...\" mused Jeremy. \"You can forget Robin Reliants now,\" said James, guessing where Jeremy was headed. \"We want this thing to work, not roll over and crash two minutes after we launch. And the owner's club said they'd lynch us if we wrecked another one.\" \"I've got a Reliant Regal,\" said Wallace, \"but I really need it for my business.\" \"I'm not sure it would be much of an improvement anyway,\" said James. \"We need something a lot... well... saner.\" \"Bond Bug,\" said Richard. \"Same sort of weight, much more aerodynamic. Perfect.\" \"That's just a souped-up Reliant with a different body style.\" \"Yes, but when did you ever hear of someone rolling one?\" \"That's because they only built a couple of thousand of them, and most of them crashed and burned the first time they rolled.\" \"I don't care,\" said Jeremy. \"We're not talking about any old driver, this is the Stig!\" \"The same Stig that rolled a Robin the first time he tried to drive one.\" \"Oh ye of little faith.\" TBC Crossovers so far Top Gear / Yes Minister / Wallace and Gromit / The Sky at Night, more to come... Notes for the perplexed: The Top Gear team and The Stig are real people, but appear to be playing roles in the show. I would hate to believe that adults really behave like that without a script... Sir Patrick Moore has presented The Sky at Night for the last fifty or so years, it's the longest-running TV show with a single presenter in the world. However, he has also played his on-screen self in episodes of Doctor Who and numerous other British TV shows. The Bond Bug was a real car, a souped-up version of the Reliant series of three-wheeled cars. Like them, its handling left a lot to be desired. The title of this story and one aspect of its plot were suggested by a filk song, \"Falling Down on Milton Keynes,\" which is an authorized parody of Mitchell Burnside-Clapp's \"Falling Down on New Jersey\" which is based on the song \"Rolling Down to Old Maui\".[Chapter 2] See part 1 for disclaimers etc. They Saved Milton Keynes Marcus Rowland 2 V - Salisbury Plain: T-14 \"So let me get this straight,\" said Jeremy. \"The Bond Bug is too small? Wallace has already fitted the bloody engine!\" He pointed at the tiny red car; now fitted with wings and perched atop a fuel tank and engines, thirty feet above the launch pad. \"We lost a decimal place when we worked out the weight needed for fuel,\" said James. \"It'll do for the return journey, but we need something a lot bigger to get the Stig out there and match speed.\" \"There isn't enough time or money to build a bigger rocket,\" said Richard. \"What the hell do we do?\" \"We just need to add a few tons of extra fuel capacity.\" said Sir Patrick, \"plus more liquid oxygen. Surely that can be done. It could even be a big external container, with a few hoses to the re-entry vehicle. Tow it on a long enough cable and the rockets won't damage it.\" \"You want us to tow a caravan?\" said Jeremy. \"I suppose you could call it that.\" \"Oh bloody hell…\" VI - Milton Keynes: T-10 \"People of Milton Keynes,\" Jeremy shouted into his loudhailer. \"Prepare to evacuate your homes. A giant asteroid is going to hit the town in ten days.\" His voice echoed across the city centre, mostly ignored by lunch-time shoppers. An old lady stared at him, and some children giggled. \"I don't think they're buying it, mate,\" said Richard. \"We don't even have to do this,\" said James. \"The army will be moving them out next week.\" Jeremy ignored them, and harangued the assembled lack of multitude for several minutes. Then the police arrested him for disturbing the peace. It took ten hours to sort out his bail. VII - Salisbury Plain: T-8 \"We need to launch in the next twelve hours,\" said Sir Patrick. \"Otherwise you'll reach the asteroid too late to do any good.\" \"Right then,\" said Jeremy. He picked up a checklist and began to cross off sections. \"We can forget about the pressure checks, life support checks, return booster checks…\" \"Those are all things that could kill your pilot.\" \"Driver. Look, it's the Stig, he'll be all right.\" \"And if he isn't?\" \"It'll be great television.\" \"I really must protest in the strongest possible terms.\" \"Have you got a better idea?\" asked Richard. \"Ah… no.\" \"Keep shtum then,\" said James, \"and with any luck the Stig won't notice.\" \"Okay,\" said Jeremy. \"We launch in five hours.\" VIII - Salisbury Plain: Four hours later \"Last check, guys,\" said Jeremy, looking around the converted caravan that was going to serve as the supply vehicle. \"Ten tons of fuel?\" \"Check!\" said Richard, gingerly patting the huge silicon-rubber bladder that held the lethally explosive mixture. \"Ten tons of liquid oxygen?\" \"Check!\" said James, taking care not to touch the icy cryogenic tanks. \"Umbilical cables connected?\" \"Check,\" said Richard, looking out of the forward porthole. \"Towing cable hooked on?\" \"Check!\" James joined him at the porthole, and added \"Is the Stig supposed to be boarding the Bug yet?\" \"Not for another half hour,\" said Jeremy, checking his clipboard. \"That's odd. Oh, Wallace and Gromit are boarding too; it must be some sort of last minute thing.\" James picked up his walky-talky. \"Guys, is there a problem?\" \"Just showing Stig here the landing controls,\" said Wallace. \"Now whatever you do, don't touch that lever until you're ready to launch. No, not that one… that one… oh dear…\" Outside there was a soft pop, followed by an enormous roar, as flames began to pour from the Bug's rockets. \"Hold on tight, lads,\" said Wallace. The caravan began to shake, and its door slammed shut as a blast of superheated rocket exhaust streamed past. Fifty yards away the Bug rose into the air on a pillar of fire. Over the radio they could hear Wallace shouting something, mostly drowned by the noise of the engines and someone singing in Italian. The Stig's music selection, of course. \"Brace yourselves,\" shouted Jeremy. There was a loud \"Twang!\" and the caravan jerked into the air, spinning on the end of the cable and buffeted by the blast of the engines. All three were hurled back onto the rubber fuel tank, which fortuitously cushioned them against the massive G-forces. \"Oh bugger!\" said Jeremy, as he began to black out. \"None of the sodding cameramen are aboard…\" IX - Space: T-7 \"Captain's Blog,\" said Jeremy, \"Stardate...\" \"Oh, give it a rest,\" said Richard. \"Nobody cares. If we had a camera there might be some interest, as it is you won't even make YouTube.\" \"Someone needs to document the expedition,\" said Jeremy. \"We're making history here, the first caravan in space.\" \"Okay,\" said James, floating in mid-air near the caravan's tiny instrument console. \"Have a historic engineering report. The historic caravan's historic cabin pressure is still holding, I think we got the last leak plugged at last, thanks to the Hamster's historic pack of Juicy Fruit. Just remember we're breathing pure oxygen now, nobody light a fag!\" \"That's good,\" Wallace said over the walky-talky. \"All we have to do now is work out how to get you aboard the Bug for the return flight.\" \"Without anything useful like… oh, space suits,\" said Richard. \"We've got this far,\" said Jeremy. \"Yes, and a fat lot of help you've been.\" There was a \"beep\" and they heard Sir Patrick's voice, relayed from the radio in the Bug. \"I've checked your course, and it looks like the corrections you've made were a success. You should be able to see the asteroid any time now. Just look out for a bright moving object, it ought to be crossing your course from left to right. When the Stig sees it, he should follow it and match speeds. Is that clear?\" \"The Stig is nodding,\" said Wallace. There was a pause that lasted several minutes then he shouted \"There it is. Now then, Stig, left hand down a aaaaaaaaaahhhhhh!\" Outside was suddenly very bright again, and the caravan lurched and whipped round onto a new heading, slamming everyone into the ceiling. \"Whose idea was it to let the Stig drive?\" asked Jeremy. \"Yours!\" They were still arguing when the caravan smashed into the asteroid. TBC[Chapter 3] See part 1 for disclaimers etc. They Saved Milton Keynes Marcus Rowland 3 X - The Asteroid: T-6 \"Now technically,\" said Jeremy, \"we really ought to be dead at this point.\" Panning the camera across the cratered surface of the small asteroid, Gromit nodded his agreement. \"We really weren't expecting an asteroid this size to have an atmosphere, let alone one we could breathe, and it's certainly made things a lot simpler. It means that Captain Slow can set up the bomb, while Wallace and the Hamster are cannibalising the caravan to turn the Bug into a stretched version that ought to hold us all. Nobody's quite sure where The Stig has got to, but he'll probably turn up sooner or later. Meanwhile I'm going to do a little exploring. C'mon, Gromit, walkies.\" He set off across the surface, rising several feet into the air between steps. On his third landing the ground gave way below him, and he plummeted down into the dark. Gromit scratched his head, pointed the camera down the hole, couldn't see anything, and after a little reflection went off to find the others. XI - The Asteroid: About 30 minutes later \"So where's The Stig gone?\" asked James, tightening one of the nuts in the scaffolding that now supported a large cylinder covered with radiation symbols. \"Oh dear, I really don't know,\" said Wallace, making tea nearby. \"Hmmm… we're running a little low on cheese. Hope we've still got enough for the return flight. Actually, I thought he was with you.\" \"Nope. He went off somewhere while we were unloading the nuke, haven't seen him in a couple of hours.\" \"Come to that, I haven't seen Mister Clarkson around either.\" \"Maybe he fell off the asteroid,\" James said hopefully. \"The way he was leaping around he could easily reach escape velocity.\" \"Odd that,\" said Wallace. \"With so much air around, you'd think the gravity would be stronger.\" Gromit ran up, carrying the camera, and began to mime something complicated. \"What's that, Skippy,\" said James. \"Timmy's fallen down the well?\" Grommit started to mime again. He had a feeling that this was going to be a long job. XII - Inside the Asteroid: An hour later After wandering through interminable tunnels, lit by dim phosphorescence, Jeremy found himself in a larger chamber, where there was a pool of bubbling liquid, and a fair amount of steam. In the distance, concealed by the mist, he could hear splashing. \"Hello?\" shouted Jeremy. The splashing stopped. An odd booming voice shouted \"Vo blo, glob blig blog vil blod, splod globu.\" \"Anyone there speak English?\" shouted Jeremy. Something loomed out of the mist; a six-limbed scaly reptilian form, about the size of a large pony, holding a large copper cauldron in one hand and a ladle in the other. \"blog vil blod, lob voogle blod.\" \"Sorry, mate,\" said Jeremy, \"no speak-a the lingo.\" The creature stared at him, shrugged, then disappeared into the mist again. Moments later it reappeared, carrying a copper bowl, gave it to Jeremy, then ladled some purple bubbling liquid into the bowl. \"Thanks, that's very kind of you, but I'm actually looking for the exit.\" \"blo, glob blig blog.\" It looked at Jeremy expectantly. \"Oh god, you want me to eat it, don't you?\" The creature nodded at him. Jeremy sniffed cautiously. \"Well, it doesn't smell as disgusting as it looks.\" \"Vlorb klootuk,\" said the creature, looking a little annoyed. \"Really? You really want me to eat this?\" \"Vlorb!\" \"Oh bugger.\" Jeremy raised the bowl to his lips and risked a tiny sip. \"Um… oh, actually that's not too bad.\" He took another mouthful. \"A bit like borsht. Yum!\" He ate some more. Eventually the creature seemed satisfied. Jeremy burped loudly. \"Thanks, that was excellent, but I really need to be heading home. My compliments to the chef.\" \"Blib glob vlob floorrxx.\" The reptile looked pleased. \"So how do I get out of here?\" asked Jeremy. As if by magic The Stig appeared out of the mist, and gestured for Jeremy to follow. XIII - On the Asteroid: T-5 \"Well, this is a bit of a bugger,\" said James, looking down the hole. \"No telling where Jeremy or the Stig have ended up, there could be miles of tunnels in there.\" \"The whole asteroid is only the size of the Albert Hall,\" said Sir Patrick's voice over the radio. \"How hard can it be to find him?\" \"Well I'm not going down there,\" said Richard, dropping a coin down the hole. He couldn't hear it land. \"If we bugger off now,\" said James, \"there'll be a lot more room in the Bug, and we can detonate the bomb sooner.\" \"Won't that kill Jeremy?\" \"And your problem with that is…?\" \"Dropped something down the hole?\" asked a familiar voice. They looked up to see Jeremy and The Stig watching them. \"We thought we'd lost you,\" said Richard. \"No such bloody luck,\" added James. \"Absolutely amazing down there,\" said Jeremy. \"Absolutely miles of tunnels, and this big dragony thing that gave me a bowl of soup.\" \"Just a moment,\" said Sir Patrick over the radio, \"are you saying that there's intelligent life on the asteroid?\" \"In it, not on it,\" said Jeremy. \"And it can't be all that intelligent, it didn't even want a tip.\" \"That's terrible,\" said Sir Patrick, \"We'll need to change our plans. Can you use the rockets to change the course of the asteroid without destroying it?\" \"It's a bit late for that,\" said James. \"Can you imagine what the UN will say if you destroy an intelligent alien?\" \"Doctor Who does it all the time,\" said Jeremy. \"Only as a last resort,\" said Sir Patrick. \"Now get back to the rocket, and I'll run a few calculations and tell you what to do.\" \"Great,\" said Jeremy. \"Now we've got a bloody international incident on our hands.\" XIV - On the Asteroid: fifteen minutes later \"Oh, there you are,\" said Wallace, looking up from his tools. \"Bit of a problem,\" said Jeremy. \"Sir Patrick wants a change in plans. Can we turn the Bug on its nose and use the engines to drive the asteroid off course?\" \"Not really,\" said Wallace. \"Um… who are your friends?\" \"Friends?\" said Jeremy. \"It's just… oh bugger!\" Without anyone noticing three pink humanoids had appeared behind Jeremy and The Stig. They were about five feet tall and had big ears, long wuffly noses, and wore garments made out of pieces of hammered metal, held together by rings like chain mail. One of them whistled at Jeremy. All of them were carrying things that looked like weapons or tools. \"I thought you said a big dragony thing,\" said Richard. \"That was green, these guys are pink.\" One of the creatures pointed the metal rod it was carrying at the bomb, and whistled again. The others moved to either side, picked up some of the tools that were lying around, and began to take the bomb apart, whistling as they worked. \"I think that must be their way of talking,\" said Richard. \"Don't just stand there,\" said Jeremy. \"Stop them, we've only got a few days to save the M1... and Milton Keynes too, I suppose.\" One of the aliens whistled again, and The Stig replied. \"Whoa!\" said James. \"The Stig can talk to them!\" \"Tell them we need the bomb,\" said Jeremy. The Stig didn't reply, but moved to stand between Jeremy and the aliens. \"Are you helping them?\" said Richard. The Stig nodded. \"You're going to spoil everything,\" said Jeremy. \"What sort of ratings do you think we're going to get if we let the asteroid hit the Earth?\" The Stig mimed something, and Gromit mimed back. After a few minutes Richard said \"I think that The Stig is saying that the aliens can use the bomb to change the course of the asteroid without destroying it.\" While they had been talking the aliens had assembled an elaborate collection of junk, which they seemed to be wiring into the bomb, under the supervision of another alien (or possibly a robot), which looked like a strange metal bird. Occasionally it darted into the machinery to move a component. \"That looks really ingenious,\" said Wallace, \"but I'm not sure I understand what they're doing.\" \"Well, I can't put the bloody thing back together,\" said James. \"Nuclear physics has never been my strong point.\" The exposed metal core of the bomb began to glow blue, and the aliens backed away hastily. The metal structure began to emit deafeningly loud musical notes. \"Oh great,\" said Jeremy, \"they've converted the bomb into a giant nuclear ghetto blaster.\" \"Wait!\" said Sir Patrick. \"I think… yes, the asteroid's orbit is changing. It's slight, but if they can keep that up for a few hours it should miss the Earth completely!\" \"Eee!\" said Wallace. \"Well, that's one problem solved. But if this thing's changing course we need to get moving, there might not be enough fuel to get home if we wait too long.\" TBC Adding a crossover with The Clangers , of course! If you don't know the series, Wikipedia has a good article. And a round of applause to several members of the filking fraternity, who managed to guess where this story was headed - I really had no idea that anyone had written a Clanger-centric version of Falling Down on Milton Keynes![Chapter 4] See part 1 for disclaimers etc. They Saved Milton Keynes Marcus Rowland 4 XV - The Asteroid: T-4 \"Jodrell Bank confirms that the asteroid will definitely miss the Earth,\" Sir Patrick said the next day, \"and it's also accelerating. You'll need to leave in about ten hours; that will give you the best position and speed. But no more than that, if you take it past twelve hours you may not have enough fuel left to get you back safely. Try to lighten ship as much as you can.\" \"We could leave Jeremy,\" said Richard, draining a bowl of green soupy gunk. \"It's going to be a bit crowded in the Bug,\" said James. \"There's five of us and the dog.\" The Stig shook his head and held up four fingers. \"Four of us? Who do we leave behind?\" The Stig pointed to his own chest, then raised his hands to his white helmet and removed it, revealing a pink head with big ears and a long wiffly nose. \"Stiggy,\" said Jeremy, \"You're an alien?\" The Stig nodded and whistled. \"A girl alien?\" asked James, noticing a sparkly red ribbon tied around a small tuft of hair on the top of its head. The Stig nodded and whistled again. \"Actually, that explains an awful lot,\" said Richard. \"Definitely,\" said Jeremy. \"Okay, don't like long farewells. Are you sure you want to stay here?\" The Stig nodded, whistled, and waved, then started to climb down one of the tunnels into the asteroid. \"Right then,\" said Jeremy. \"Let's finish work on the Bug and push off then.\" XVI – On the Asteroid: T-3 The Earth filled a large portion of the sky, and seemed to be swelling visibly, as Jeremy said \"All right, I admit it, it's impossible. I can't fit in the driver's seat.\" \"Not and close the canopy,\" said James. \"You're definitely too tall. Besides, I'm the only pilot here, and Wallace has the most three-wheeler experience. You two will just have to ride in the back with the supplies. And don't start whining again, you agreed the dimensions when we started cannibalising the caravan. You'll be okay if you keep your knees bent.\" \"Deep vein thrombosis here we come,\" said Jeremy, trying to wedge into the compartment they'd added. Richard passed him some lumpy sacks, and said \"Don't be a wimp; it's only going to take about fifteen hours. Use these as padding. And leave some for me!\" \"They smell awful, what's in them?\" \"Some sort of seeds, I think they use them to make that soup you like. Think of them as bean-bag chairs.\" He climbed in, adding \"Pull your bloody elbows in.\" \"I am pulling them in.\" \"Bollocks.\" \"Language!\" said Wallace, getting into the driver's seat. \"Okay,\" said James, climbing in, \"are you sure Gromit knows what to do?\" \"Are you ready, lad?\" shouted Wallace. Standing beside the car, Gromit nodded and held up a box of matches. \"Right! Handbrake on?\" \"Check,\" said James. \"Lights on?\" \"Check.\" \"Fuel on?\" Wallace flipped a switch. Liquid began to flow from the remnants of the caravan, now reduced to its chassis and the tanks. \"Check.\" \"Pre-ignition sequence!\" Behind the Bug, Gromit struck a match, lit a fuse, and hastily ran back and jumped onto James's lap. \"Check!\" said James, looking in the mirror and seeing that the fuse was burning. \"Close canopy!\" Wallace and James pulled the canopy down, twisted levers to lock it down, and waited nervously. \"When the engine starts,\" said Jeremy, \"better let it build up to full power before you release the handbrake, that way…\" With a loud roar the engine started. \"Sixty percent power…\" said James. \"seventy… eighty…\" There was a squeal of rubber as the Bug slewed around slightly, then the brakes failed completely and the Bug hurtled across the surface of the asteroid, narrowly missing the lip of a crater, bounced twice, and left the surface, headed roughly in the direction of the Earth. Ten seconds later the towing cable snapped taut and the remains of the caravan followed it into space. XVII – 500 miles out: T-2 Coasting through space with the engines shut down to minimum power, the occupants of the Bug were getting very bored. \"I spy with my little eye,\" said Jeremy, \"something beginning with 'E'\" \"Earth!\" said Wallace, Richard, and James. \"Wrong!\" \"Edam?\" asked Wallace. \"No, and we haven't got any left anyway.\" \"No cheese, Gromit!\" \"Europe?\" said James. \"Blast!\" said Jeremy. \"Whose turn is it next?\" Before anyone could answer an alarm clock began to ring. James pressed the button to stop it, squinted at the check list, and said \"That's the warning to jettison the caravan.\" \"And?\" \"You never studied. It's the big red and yellow stripy lever your feet are resting on. Pull out the pin, then push the lever clockwise.\" Jeremy leaned forward and tried to reach it, floated into the air, banged his head on one of the reinforcing beams for the fourth or fifth time, and swore loudly. \"I'll get it,\" said Richard. He squirmed to a better position, pulled the pin, and jerked on the lever with all his strength. It refused to move. \"Let me take a look,\" said James, unclipping his seat belt and trying to turn round. Gromit woke with a start and scrambled out of the way. James tilted the seat back until he could see the lever, and said \"Okay, I know what the problem is. You need to pull it up towards you before you try to turn it clockwise.\" \"I can't reach it with you in the way,\" said Richard. \"Neither can I,\" said Jeremy. \"Okay,\" said James. \"I'll try.\" He pushed the seat back more, braced himself against the canopy, and tugged and twisted as hard as he could. There was a loud 'snap' as a guillotine blade cut through the hoses, while the coupling pin was pulled to release the cable. The Bug lurched forward; caught by surprise, James flew backwards, bounced off the seat, flew forward again, and his head bashed the windscreen. There was a noise like a snapping twig, and a small crack appeared in the windscreen, slowly spreading upwards and downwards. \"Oh dear!\" said Wallace. \"Bugger!\" said James. \"Chaps… any of that Juicy Fruit left? Or some gaffer tape?\" Forgotten, the remains of the caravan slowly disappeared into the distance. TBC[Chapter 5] See part 1 for disclaimers etc. They Saved Milton Keynes Marcus Rowland 5 XVIII – 25 miles up: T-1 James peered past the strips of sticking plaster that now covered most of his side of the windscreen and tried to spot the ground through the glow of the hot gases that were streaming past the car. As far as he could tell there was nothing but cloud below. \"I think we're the right way up,\" he said, \"but god alone knows where we are.\" \"Ask Sir Patrick,\" said Richard, \"they're bound to be tracking us on radar.\" \"Can't get through, too much interference. Maybe when we're lower.\" \"What about the satnav?\" asked Jeremy. \"You remember you wanted to cut costs?\" \"And?\" \"You crossed off the aviation satnav I wanted and bought one from Argos instead.\" \"And it was a real bargain.\" \"Except that aviation satnavs work at aviation speeds and altitudes, this thing might be fine for a Mini but it won't be any good for us until we're practically on the ground.\" \"Oops.\" \"We need to shed a load of speed or we'll burn up as we get lower, but without knowing where we are… well, I'd hate to run out of fuel over the Atlantic or something.\" \"Don't worry, lad,\" said Wallace, \"it's all taken care of. Gromit lad, deploy the homing system.\" Gromit rummaged under the dashboard, pulled out a small cage containing a disgruntled-looking pigeon, and hung it on the rear view mirror. The pigeon looked around wildly then peered ahead and to the right. \"Finest homing pigeon in all of Wigan, he'll guide us straight there.\" \"To Wigan?\" said Jeremy. \"Of course Wigan,\" said Wallace. \"We're going to need one hell of a long runway,\" said James. \"Wigan doesn't have an airport, does it?\" \"There's a flying club. And Manchester airport's only twenty-five miles away.\" \"Oh, good grief.\" \"Problem, James?\" asked Jeremy. \"There won't be room for us to land.\" \"Don't worry,\" Wallace repeated. \"Everything's under control. It's all taken care of, just enjoy the ride.\" James was pretty sure he'd never seen a dog cross its fingers before. Gromit managed it now. There was an ominous creak from the windscreen, and a shard of glass blew out. The plasters covering it bulged out into the opening then burst with a soft 'pop' as air began to whistle out through the hole. \"Give me something to cover the hole,\" shouted James. \"Something smooth! Now!\" \"Oh dear,\" said Wallace. For a moment he seemed to freeze, then with an anguished expression reached into a pocket, produced a plastic-wrapped package and slapped it against the hole. The contents instantly moulded themselves to the windscreen, while pressure held the pack in place. The whistling stopped. Four pairs of eyes stared at it then looked at Wallace accusingly. \"You utter bastard!\" said Jeremy. \"We've been eating alien beans for fourteen sodding hours. Why didn't you share that out?\" James stared at the pack. \"Eight Extra-Mature Cheddar Cheese Slices. Eight! We could have had two each!\" Gromit growled menacingly. \"All right, one and three fifths.\" \"I was holding it in reserve,\" said Wallace. \"Happen it's a good thing I did.\" \"That's not going to hold forever,\" said Richard, \"we've got to get this thing down before it kills us.\" \"Now the interesting thing about this,\" said James, \"is that as we get lower the pressure will tend to make the windscreen implode, not explode.\" \"Have you got a better plan?\" asked Jeremy. \"Thought not. Let's get this thing down.\" There was a rasp of static, and the radio said \"…zzzst increase angle of descent by six degrees, repeat zero six degrees, and vector five degrees, zero five degrees, to starboard. I repeat, increase angle of descent… zzzzzzz…\" \"Do you think they meant us?\" asked Richard. \"Seems plausible,\" said James, \"the pigeon was looking that way.\" \"Right you are then,\" said Wallace, steering slightly to the right and pressing on the foot pedals. The wings groaned in protest, and the Bug began to shudder as it hit increased air resistance. On the radio Sir Patrick's voice said \"…crossing the South Coast, altitude fifteen miles, distance two hundred miles. ETA ten minutes and counting…\" \"We're doing twelve hundred miles an hour in a three-wheeled car!\" said Jeremy. \"That's got to be some sort of record.\" \"Over two thousand, actually,\" said James. \"We've got to shed a lot of speed soon. I really hope this plan of yours is good.\" \"Don't worry, lad,\" said Wallace. \"The Stig loved it when I explained it to him. Um, her.\" \"Wait a minute,\" said Richard. \"The Stig probably knew he… she… wouldn't be coming back.\" \"Oh dear… Never mind, I'm sure everything will be all right.\" The radio said \"Altitude five miles, throttle back to twenty percent power, and reduce descent angle by three degrees, zero three degrees.\" \"No course change,\" Wallace said proudly. \"Best pigeon in Wigan!\" Suddenly the pack of cheese slices blew in, followed by a blast of frigid air through the hole in the windscreen. \"Told you so,\" shouted James. \"We must be well below the speed of sound, or that would have torn the Bug apart.\" Gromit pressed the packet back against the hole, bracing himself with his back legs against Richard's chest. It went comparatively quiet again. \"At least that's cleared the air a bit,\" said Jeremy. \"After fifteen hours of eating beans it needed it,\" added Richard. \"Steer left two degrees, repeat zero two, increase descent angle by three degrees, repeat zero three, and cut power to ten percent.\" \"Much more of that and we'll be falling out of the sky,\" said Richard. \"I can see lights flashing ahead,\" said James; \"looks like a plane, a big one.\" \"Oh for god's sake,\" said Jeremy, \"didn't they even clear the bloody route for us.\" \"There's a sign!\" said James, \"it says 'Follow me'.\" \"There's something behind it,\" said Richard, peering over his shoulder. \"Looks like something being towed on a cable.\" The object got closer; a man, riding something that looked like a jet ski with stubby wings, being towed at the end of the cable. \"No,\" said Jeremy. \"Can't be,\" said James. \"It bloody is,\" said Richard. Together they said \"Black Stig!\" \"I told you it was a good plan,\" Wallace said smugly. \"Didn't we try to kill him a couple of times?\" mused Richard. \"He was never one to hold a grudge,\" said Jeremy. \"How would you know?\" asked James. When Black Stig was about thirty feet ahead he produced a huge gun and fired it at the Bug. A grapnel hook flew out, narrowly missing them. Black Stig did something to the gun and the cable started to retract. \"We're getting bloody low on fuel,\" said James. \"Have no fear,\" said Richard, \"Black Stig is here.\" \"So this is it,\" said Jeremy, \"we're all going to die.\" Suddenly Black Stig fired again, and the hook thudded into the front of the Bug, penetrating the fibre glass hatch and narrowly missing James' feet, and began to wind back towards the aircraft ahead. \"That's a Hercules,\" said James, as they got closer. \"I don't see how we're going to get aboard; our wings are way too wide to fit through the loading ramp.\" As Black Stig's vehicle approached the Hercules, the freighter hit some turbulence and dropped rapidly; the towing cable snapped Black Stig upwards against the fuselage of the Hercules, and he fell from his flying jet-ski and disappeared into the night. \"That's torn it,\" said James. \"We're only a couple of miles up,\" said Jeremy. \"He'll be fine once he's had a couple of aspirin.\" The Hercules levelled off, and the cable began to drag them in again. Inside someone wearing flying gear was signalling something with a \"cut my throat\" gesture. \"I think he means cut power,\" said James. \"Right-ho,\" said Wallace, hitting switches. Behind them the roar of the rockets died down. A few seconds later the cable started to wind them in again. \"Retract the wings, Gromit lad.\" Gromit began to turn one of the handles protruding from the dashboard, and the wings slowly began to fold back under the Bug. \"That's amazing,\" said Richard. \"How else were you supposed to drive it home?\" asked Wallace, as the Bug rolled to a halt aboard the Hercules, and the loading ramp slowly closed. XIX – Somewhere near Wigan, Midnight Watched only by some incurious sheep, two circles of searing bright green light scanned across a field and a small and newly-formed crater, before settling on a shattered black-clad body. Broken bones began to knit back together, torn flesh healed, and split leather flowed back to a seamless whole. Within minutes Black Stig was on his feet again, and walking briskly in the direction of Dunsfold Aerodrome, 189 miles away. XX – Paris, France, T-0, 3.30 AM It was a dark rainy night in Paris, which was good news for everyone who might have otherwise been out and about when the remains of the caravan plummeted from the sky and shattered on one of the main supports of the Eiffel Tower. The fuel bladder and oxygen tank burst; the small amount of fuel that remained ignited instantly to create a raging inferno. Within seconds the entire tower was engulfed, soon the metal itself was burning. With a groan the entire structure collapsed into the Seine, crushing several barges. As it fell the flaming wreckage of a piano rolled out of the Le Jules Verne restaurant and landed on a vintage British car which was parked on the embankment. Epilogue - Dunsfold Aerodrome, Surrey, T+5 \"Okay,\" said Jeremy, smirking at the camera. \"I think that we can say that we handled that challenge pretty well.\" \"It's a shame we had to lose White Stig,\" said Richard, \"but we did save Milton Keynes, and Black Stig is already up to speed in his place.\" As he spoke the Top Gear banners depicting White Stig fluttered down, and Black Stig banners were raised in their place. \"Admittedly White Stig went home, but we've flown the first car into space, made the first landing on an inhabited world, and made first contact with at least two types of alien.\" \"And destroyed the Eiffel Tower, five barges, a piano and a Morris Marina,\" said James. \"There may have been some minor property damage,\" said Jeremy, stressing the word 'minor,' \"but I think we can all agree it's been a triumph for British engineering and ingenuity.\" \"The French don't think so,\" said Richard. \"Don't expect us to be reviewing any French cars any time soon… unless you're watching this as a repeat on Dave, of course, in which case we'll probably be doing it for another four or five years.\" \"And on that bombshell,\" said Jeremy; \"Goodnight!\" End. Adding a very minor crossover with Captain Scarlet. Many thanks to everyone who reviewed and commented, especially those who pointed out errors. One day I may actually do something about some of them. Special applause to Don Sample, who spotted that the Eiffel Tower really does have a piano bar. ","Summary":" This is Top Gear / multiple surprise crossover fanfic, and a bit silly. You have been warned. All f"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"LOCURA","Author":"Marips","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2659210","Passage":"[Chapter 1] LOCURA ","Summary":" LOCURA"},{"Movie":"Wallace and Gromit","Title":"Wallace & Gromit in: Epic Slapstick Parody","Author":"Assassin's Argentine Tango","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5652343","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Character List Layla Foster- Danielle Harris Hayden Tottington- Ryan Kwanten Caden Robbyns- Daniel Radcliffe Celeste Robbyns- Natalia Tena Alice Robynns- Natalie Portman Melissa Glynn- Ali Bastian Chastity Phillips- Eddie Izzard Pet Shop Owner- Dennis Leary Dr. Abraham- John Cleese Orla- Piper Perabo Mrs. Roberta Landin- Sally Field Pewter- Michael Palin Justina- Tea Leoni Ma Kole- Queen Latifa Chipper- Jason Alexander Squeaker Toy- Jon Cryer The Late Mr. Dobbs- Timothy Spall Teddiursa- Patrick Warburton Krisko- Mark Decascos Inna Morrison- Linda Cardinelli Wendy- Debi Mazar Uncle Orsen- George Clooney Self-Defense Teacher- Kate Hudson Lopunny- Diora Baird Professor Azalea- Terry Gilliam Roscoe Muffinmitt- Eric Idle Lulu the Cancan girl- Julianne Hough Tomas Finch- Tim Curry Sayble T.- Emma Stone Rebecca Smits- Keke Palmer Clueless McGee- Topher Grace Stunt Double- Tyra Banks Piplup- Barry White Dawn- Amanda Bynes Pikachu- Johnny Depp Ash Ketchum- Josh Henderson Jules/ Kwan- Katherine Heigl Un-Coolio- Master P Danny Stille- Drake Bell Taco Bell Chihuahua- Gabriel Iglesias Anna Trebunskaya- Herself Anna Faris- Herself Yorkie- Brianna Brown Mitchell Musso- Himself Vin Diesel- Himself Plot: Wallace wakes up in a world where all ideas relate to Monty Python, Pokemon, Pop Culture References, Celebrity Cameos and Uncensored English Jargon. Part 1: The Fun-Parade Chapter 1: Dead Parrot Sketch Characters- Wallace, Melissa Glynn, Pet Shop Owner, Orla, Chipper, Teddiursa, Dawn, Piplup, and Lady Tottington. Wallace and Lady Tottington are walking down the street towards the pet shop to report of a dead parrot they purchased. WALLACE: Can you believe it? LADY TOTTINGTON: Of all the nerve! WALLACE: Let me take care of this you stay here! LADY TOTTINGTON: Alright… He enters the Pet Shop with the Dead Parrot in hand. WALLACE: I'd like to make a complaint! MELISSA: He's somewhat deaf speak up! She exits into the back room. WALLACE: I'D LIKE TO MAKE A COMPLAINT!! PET SHOP OWNER: We're closed for lunch. WALLACE: Never mind that, my lad. I wish to complain about this parrot that my friend and I purchased not half an hour ago from this very boutique. PET SHOP OWNER: Oh yes, the, uh, the Norwegian Blue...What's, uh...What's wrong with it? WALLACE: I'll tell you what's wrong with it, lad. It's bloomin' dead, that's what's wrong with it! PET SHOP OWNER: No, no, 'e's uh, ...he's resting. WALLACE: Look, chap, I know a dead parrot when I see one, and I'm looking at one right now. PET SHOP OWNER: No, no he's not dead, he's, he's restin'! Remarkable bird, the Norwegian Blue, idn'it, ay? Beautiful plumage! WALLACE: The plumage don't enter into it. It's stone dead. PET SHOP OWNER: No, no, no, no, no, no! 'E's resting! WALLACE: All right then, if he's restin', I'll wake him up! (Shouting at the cage) 'Ello, Mister Parrot! I've got a lovely fresh cuttlefish for you if you show some sign of life! The Owner hits the cage. PET SHOP OWNER: There, he moved! WALLACE: No, he didn't, that was you hitting the damn cage! PET SHOP OWNER: Why I never!! WALLACE: Yes, you did! He hits the cage again. WALLACE: You just did it again!! PET SHOP OWNER: You must be blind. WALLACE: YOU must be- this parrot is a lost soul… a stiff! PET SHOP OWNER: I never, never did anything... WALLACE: (yelling and hitting the cage repeatedly) 'ELLO POLLY!!!!! Testing! Testing! Testing! Testing! This is your nine o'clock alarm call! Wakey, wakey! Takes parrot out of the cage and thumps its head on the counter. Throws it up in the air and watches it plummet to the floor. WALLACE: Now that's what I call a dead parrot. PET SHOP OWNER: No, no..... No, 'e's stunned! WALLACE: STUNNED?!? That's such a load of hooey! PET SHOP OWNER: Yeah! You stunned him, just as he was wakin' up! Norwegian Blues stun easily, major. WALLACE: Um...now look...now look, mate, I've definitely 'ad enough of this. That parrot is definitely deceased, and when me and my friend purchased it not half an hour ago, you assured me that its total lack of movement was due to it bein' tired and shagged out following a prolonged squawk. PET SHOP OWNER: Well, he's...he's, ah...probably pining for the fjords. WALLACE: PININ' for the FJORDS?!?!?!? What kind of talk is that? Look, why did he fall flat on his back the moment I got 'im home? PET SHOP OWNER: The Norwegian Blue prefers keepin' on it's back! Remarkable bird, id'nit, squire? Lovely plumage! WALLACE: Plumage!? I don' think plumage is worth a look at when the parrot is insisted upon death! PET SHOP OWNER: Lovely Bird it 'tis! WALLACE: Look, I took the liberty of examining that parrot when I got it home, and I discovered the only reason that it had been sitting on its perch in the first place was that it had been NAILED there. There is a short pause in which Melissa reenters. PET SHOP OWNER: Well, o'course it was nailed there! If I hadn't nailed that bird down, it would have nuzzled up to those bars, bent 'em apart with its beak, and VOOM! Feeweeweewee! WALLACE: \"VOOM\"?!? Mate, this bird wouldn't \"voom\" if you put four million volts through it! 'E's bleedin' demised! He looks at Melissa. WALLACE: Come here, ma'am! MELISSA: Yersir? WALLACE: Look at that parrot upon the floor does it seem alive to you? MELISSA: No, no! 'E's pining! WALLACE: 'E's not pinin'! 'E's passed on! This parrot is no more! He has ceased to be! 'E's expired and gone to meet 'is maker! 'E's a bloody knockout! Bereft of life, 'e rests in peace! If you hadn't nailed 'im to the perch 'e'd be pushing up the daisies! 'Is metabolic processes are now 'istory! 'E's off the twig! 'E's kicked the bucket, 'e's shuffled off 'is mortal coil, run down the curtain and joined the bleedin' choir invisible!! THIS IS AN EX-PARROT!! There is another pause in which Melissa picks up the parrot. PET SHOP OWNER: Well, I'd better replace it, then. (He takes a quick peek behind the counter) Sorry squire, I've had a look 'round the back of the shop, and uh, we're right out of parrots. WALLACE: I see. I see, I get the picture. MELISSA: We got a slug. WALLACE: Pray, does it talk? PET SHOP OWNER: No… not really. WALLACE: WELL IT'S HARDLY A BLOODY REPLACEMENT, IS IT?!!???!!? MELISSA: N-no, I guess not. WALLACE: Well. PET SHOP OWNER: Would you like a better replacement? WALLACE: I would! PET SHOP OWNER: I has a sista' in Ipswich owns a store simal'a to mine she 'as los'sa fine birds, she does, govn'a! WALLACE: In Ipswich you say? PET SHOP OWNER: Yes! He exits the shop and tells Lady Tottington about the ordeal and inevitably end up on a train making it's way to Ipswich. WALLACE: I can't believe we have to go to Ipswich to get a bleedin' replacement bird! LADY TOTTINGTON: The nerve of some people. TEDDIUSRA: I can't believe it! Eight seasons of Family Guy sixty cameos on high-profile shows and I'm reduced to playing a damn pokemon! In a Monty Python Skit, nonetheless! CHIPPER: Oh calm down at least your adorable! ORLA: Oh it's not so bad I mean how do you feel now? TEDDIURSA: Pissed off!! Wallace stares at the Teddiursa for some time until… WALLACE: Aren't you Patrick Warburton? TEDDIURSA: (Being embarrassed when acknowledged) Why yes… uhh… I am! He picks the Teddiursa up. WALLACE: Haha! You're like a newborn babe! He bounces the Teddiursa in his lap. TEDDIURSA: Stop that! I'm warning you! WALLACE: What're you gonna do 'bout it 'TINY'? Teddiursa's eyes glow a deep red and it performs a scratch attack on Wallace's face causing him to drop the Teddiursa. ORLA: I'm so sorry! CHIPPER: Bad Teddiursa! By midday Wallace and Lady Tottington arrive having about enough of the nonsense they've endured. WALLACE: I'm goin' in an' hopefully this woman i'nt as codged in the 'ead like her brother. He enters and sees the Shopkeep's sister is probably only fourteen at least. DAWN: 'Ello how may I help you, gov'na? WALLACE: Yes, my friend and I purchased a parrot from you brother and the bird is no wandering around as a spirit! DAWN: Spirits are a nasty spot of botha! WALLACE: Right…! Anyhow, I need a replacement for the, er- post-mortem parrot. DAWN: Got'cha I have just the thing! She pulls out a Piplup with a pair of shades and a red bowtie. DAWN: This 'ere's a rare Ipswich parrot! WALLACE: Madam, I don' mean to be rude, but I believe that creature is not a parrot; ratha' a pok'mon… a Piplup if I'm not mistaken! DAWN: I'm aware! It's a 'Palindrome'! WALLACE: A palindrome? Wha's a palindrome for what? DAWN: 'Ipswich' is a palindrome for 'Piplup'! WALLACE: Are you mentally unstable?! A palindrome is a word that when spelled in reverse make another word! DAWN: So 'ow much fur it? Ten thousand pounds saunds reasonable? WALLACE: (Outraged) Ten thousand pounds for a mere Piplup? DAWN: He has the voice of Barry White! WALLACE: I'd believe that only when pigs fly! PIPLUP: (In a deep Barry White voice) Hey, there sugar stick… let the woman sell me to you and I'll personally see to it that I make sweet love to you and your friend, oh-yeah! Wallace faints and the sketch concludes.[Chapter 2] Character List Layla Foster- Danielle Harris Hayden Tottington- Ryan Kwanten Caden Robbyns- Daniel Radcliffe Celeste Robbyns- Natalia Tena Alice Robynns- Natalie Portman Melissa Glynn- Ali Bastian Chastity Phillips- Eddie Izzard Pet Shop Owner- Dennis Leary Dr. Abraham- John Cleese Orla- Piper Perabo Mrs. Roberta Landin- Sally Field Pewter- Michael Palin Justina- Tea Leoni Ma Kole- Queen Latifa Chipper- Jason Alexander Squeaker Toy- Jon Cryer The Late Mr. Dobbs- Timothy Spall Teddiursa- Patrick Warburton Krisko- Mark Decascos Inna Morrison- Linda Cardinelli Wendy- Debi Mazar Uncle Orsen- George Clooney Self-Defense Teacher- Kate Hudson Lopunny- Diora Baird Professor Azalea- Terry Gilliam Roscoe Muffinmitt- Eric Idle Lulu the Cancan girl- Julianne Hough Tomas Finch- Tim Curry Sayble T.- Emma Stone Rebecca Smits- Keke Palmer Clueless McGee- Topher Grace Stunt Double- Tyra Banks Piplup- Barry White Dawn- Amanda Bynes Pikachu- Johnny Depp Ash Ketchum- Josh Henderson Jules/ Kwan- Katherine Heigl Un-Coolio- Master P Danny Stille- Drake Bell Taco Bell Chihuahua- Gabriel Iglesias Anna Trebunskaya- Herself Anna Faris- Herself Yorkie- Brianna Brown Mitchell Musso- Himself Vin Diesel- Himself Plot: Wallace wakes up in a world where all ideas relate to Monty Python, Pokemon, Pop Culture References, Celebrity Cameos and Uncensored English Jargon. Part 1: The Fun-Parade Chapter 2: The World's Funniest Joke Characters- Wallace, Layla, Danny Stille, Anna Trebunskaya, Ash Ketchem, Self-Defense Teacher (Miss Figglewoom) ( Wallace, Ash, Layla, Danny, and Anna stand in a line in that order, waiting) WALLACE: Get some discipline into this lot, Sergeant Major! SELF-DEFENSE TEACHER (shouting throughout)[Chapter 3] Character List Layla Foster- Danielle Harris Hayden Tottington- Ryan Kwanten Caden Robbyns- Daniel Radcliffe Celeste Robbyns- Natalia Tena Alice Robynns- Natalie Portman Melissa Glynn- Ali Bastian Chastity Phillips- Eddie Izzard Pet Shop Owner- Dennis Leary Dr. Abraham- John Cleese Orla- Piper Perabo Mrs. Roberta Landin- Sally Field Pewter- Michael Palin Justina- Tea Leoni Ma Kole- Queen Latifa Chipper- Jason Alexander Squeaker Toy- Jon Cryer The Late Mr. Dobbs- Timothy Spall Teddiursa- Patrick Warburton Krisko- Mark Decascos Inna Morrison- Linda Cardinelli Wendy- Debi Mazar Uncle Orsen- George Clooney Self-Defense Teacher- Kate Hudson Lopunny- Diora Baird Professor Azalea- Terry Gilliam Roscoe Muffinmitt- Eric Idle Lulu the Cancan girl- Julianne Hough Tomas Finch- Tim Curry Sayble T.- Emma Stone Rebecca Smits- Keke Palmer Clueless McGee- Topher Grace Stunt Double- Tyra Banks Piplup- Barry White Dawn- Amanda Bynes Pikachu- Johnny Depp Ash Ketchum- Josh Henderson Jules/ Kwan- Katherine Heigl Un-Coolio- Master P Danny Stille- Drake Bell Taco Bell Chihuahua- Gabriel Iglesias Anna Trebunskaya- Herself Anna Faris- Herself Yorkie- Brianna Brown Mitchell Musso- Himself Vin Diesel- Himself Plot: Wallace wakes up in a world where all ideas relate to Monty Python, Pokemon, Pop Culture References, Celebrity Cameos and Uncensored English Jargon. Part 1: The Fun-Parade Chapter 3: The Argument Clinic Characters- Celeste Robynns, Wendy, Yorkie, Chipper, Justina, Wallace, Taco Bell Chihuahua, Tomas Finch CELESTE: Ah. I'd like to have an argument, please. WENDY: Certainly ma'am. Have you been here before? CELESTE: No, I haven't, this is my first time. WENDY: I see. Well, do you want to have just one argument, or are you coming from a problem and can't argue so you need material? CELESTE: Pardon, I don't believe I understand. WENDY: Well say you are having trouble with your relationship and need to argue it out… CELESTE: Ah! I see, now. No, I'm here for the latter. Well, what is the cost? WENDY: Well, It's one pound for a five minute argument, but only eight pounds for a course of ten. CELESTE: Well, I think it would be best if I perhaps started off with just the one and then see how it goes. WENDY: Fine. Well, I'll see who's free at the moment. (Pause) WENDY: Mr. Hill's free, but he's a little bit conciliatory. Ah yes, Try Mr. Chipper; room 12. CELESTE: Thank you. (Walks down the hall. Opens door.) CHIPPER: WHAT DO YOU WANT? CELESTE: Well, I was told outside that... CHIPPER: Don't give me that excuse, you blasphemous bitch! You ungrateful pig! You fat disgusting oaf! CELESTE: What, I-? CHIPPER: Shut your mouth, you twit! Your type really makes me puke, you, stupid, idiotic, redheaded bimbo!!! CELESTE: Look, I CAME HERE FOR AN ARGUMENT, I'm not going to just stand...!! CHIPPER: OH, oh I'm sorry, but this is abuse. CELESTE: Oh, I see, well, that explains it. CHIPPER: Ah yes, you want room 12A, Just along the corridor. CELESTE: Oh, Thank you very much. Sorry. CHIPPER: Not at all. CELESTE: Thank You. CHIPPER: (Under his breath) Stupid git!! JUSTINA: (Opening the door slowly poking head into room) Is this abuse? CHIPPER: What the hell did I just say you flimsy, transparent, slut! CELESTE: (Walk down the corridor) Hopefully, I have the right door. (Knock) TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Come in. CELESTE: Ah, Is this the right room for an argument, I-? Hey, you're the Taco Bell Chihuahua! (She shuts the door) TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Yes and you must be confusing me! Please close the door behind you. CELESTE: I just did. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: No you haven't. CELESTE: Yes I did. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Just now? CELESTE: Yes! TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: You did, did you? CELESTE: Obviously! TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Then humor me as to why I feel a draft? CELESTE: A draft? TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Logically, if I feel a draft in a room with no windows, no air conditioners, no vents, and there is only a door it would prove you did not shut the door. CELSETE: I did! TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: I did! CELESTE: You didn't! TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: I'm telling you I did! CELESTE: You did not!! TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Oh, I'm sorry, just one moment. Is this a five minute argument or the full half-hour? CELSETE: Oh, just the five minutes. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Ah, thank you. Anyway, I did. CELESTE: You most certainly did not. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Look, let's get this thing clear; I quite definitely closed it just now, in front of you. CELESTE: No you did not. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Yes I did. CELESTE: No you didn't. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Yes I did. CELESTE: No you didn't. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Yes I did. CELESTE: No you didn't. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Yes I did, you silly dog! CELESTE: You're the dog TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: No, I said you were, and statistically, if one of us is indeed a dog and I sated it was you if most likely must be true! CELESTE: That doesn't make sense! TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Yes it does. CELESTE: NO!! TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Yes! CELESTE: Oh look, this isn't an argument. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Yes it is. CELESTE: No! No, it isn't. It's just contradiction. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: No it isn't. CELESTE: It is! TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: It is not. CELESTE: Look, you just contradicted me. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: I did not. CELESTE: Oh, but you did!! TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: No, no, no. CELESTE: You did just then. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Nonsense! CELESTE: Oh, this is futile! TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: No it isn't. CELESTE: I came here for a good argument. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: No you didn't; no, you came here for an argument. CELESTE: An argument isn't just contradiction. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: It can be. CELESTE: No it can't. An argument is a connected series of statements intended to establish a proposition. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: No it isn't. CELESTE: Yes it is! It's not just contradiction. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Look, if I argue with you, I must take up a contrary position. CELESTE: Yes, but that's not just saying 'No it isn't.' TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Yes it is! CELESTE: No it isn't! Argument is an intellectual process. Contradiction is just the automatic gainsaying of any statement the other person makes. (Short pause) TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: No it isn't. CELESTE: It is. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Not at all. CELESTE: Now look. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: (Rings bell) Good Morning. CELESTE: What? TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: That's it. Good morning. CELESTE: I was just getting interested. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: Sorry, the five minutes is up. CELESTE: That was never five minutes! TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: I'm afraid it was. CELESTE: It wasn't. (Pause) TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: I'm sorry, but I'm not allowed to argue anymore. CELESTE: What?! TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: If you want me to go on arguing, you'll have to pay for another five minutes. CELESTE: Yes, but that was never five minutes, just now. Oh come on! TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: (Hums) CELESTE: Look, this is ridiculous. TACO BELL CHIHUAHUA: I'm sorry, but I'm not allowed to argue unless you've paid! CELESTE: (Exits. Walks down the stairs. Opens door.) I want to complain. YORKIE: (Getting up, dramatically) I don't need to do this you know! CELESTE: I'm sorry, what? YORKIE: Why are you always yelling at me?! CELESTE: I'm sorry, but isn't 'Complaints'? YORKIE: What? (Sits) Oh no I'm sorry this is 'Bullying'… 'Complaints' is two doors down. CELESTE: (Exits. Goes down two doors. Opens door.) I want to complain. WALLACE: You want to complain! Look at these shoes. I've only had them three weeks and the heels are worn right through. CELESTE: No, I want to complain about... WALLACE: If you complain nothing happens, you might as well not bother. CELESTE: Oh! Complainer: Oh my back hurts, it's not a very fine day and I'm sick and tired of this office. CELESTE: (Slams door. walks down corridor, opens next door.) Hello, I want to... (Tomas hits him over the head with a sack of oranges) Ooooh! TOMAS: No, no, no. Hold your head like this, then go Waaah. Try it again. CELESTE: Uuuwwhh!! TOMAS: Better, Better, but Waah, Waah! Put your hand there. CELESTE: No. TOMAS: Now.. CELESTE: Waaaaah!!! TOMAS: Good, Good! That's it. CELESTE: Stop hitting me!! TOMAS: What? CELESTE: Stop hitting me!! TOMAS: Stop hitting you? CELESTE: Yes! TOMAS: Why did you come in here then? CELESTE: I wanted to complain. TOMAS: Oh no, that's next door. It's 'Being-hit-on-the-head' lessons in here. CELESTE: What a stupid concept.[Chapter 4] Character List Layla Foster- Danielle Harris Hayden Tottington- Ryan Kwanten Caden Robbyns- Daniel Radcliffe Celeste Robbyns- Natalia Tena Alice Robynns- Natalie Portman Melissa Glynn- Ali Bastian Chastity Phillips- Eddie Izzard Pet Shop Owner- Dennis Leary Dr. Abraham- John Cleese Orla- Piper Perabo Mrs. Roberta Landin- Sally Field Pewter- Michael Palin Justina- Tea Leoni Ma Kole- Queen Latifa Chipper- Jason Alexander Squeaker Toy- Jon Cryer The Late Mr. Dobbs- Timothy Spall Teddiursa- Patrick Warburton Krisko- Mark Decascos Inna Morrison- Linda Cardinelli Wendy- Debi Mazar Uncle Orsen- George Clooney Self-Defense Teacher- Kate Hudson Lopunny- Diora Baird Professor Azalea- Terry Gilliam Roscoe Muffinmitt- Eric Idle Lulu the Cancan girl- Julianne Hough Tomas Finch- Tim Curry Sayble T.- Emma Stone Rebecca Smits- Keke Palmer Clueless McGee- Topher Grace Stunt Double- Tyra Banks Piplup- Barry White Dawn- Amanda Bynes Pikachu- Johnny Depp Ash Ketchum- Josh Henderson Jules/ Kwan- Katherine Heigl Un-Coolio- Master P Danny Stille- Drake Bell Taco Bell Chihuahua- Gabriel Iglesias Anna Trebunskaya- Herself Anna Faris- Herself Yorkie- Brianna Brown Mitchell Musso- Himself Vin Diesel- Himself Plot: Wallace wakes up in a world where all ideas relate to Monty Python, Pokemon, Pop Culture References, Celebrity Cameos and Uncensored English Jargon. Part 1: The Fun-Parade Chapter 4: The Albatross Saleswoman Characters- Wallace, Krisko, Justina WALLACE : (Entering theatre with in a French maid outfit shouting) Albatross.... albatross.... albatross.... albatross.... albatross... albatross.... albatross.... albatross! JUSTINA: (Handing Krisko money) Honey, see if she has ice cream. KRISKO : (Approaching) Two good humors please. WALLACE : I haven't got any good humors, I've just got this bloody albatross.... (shouts) Albatross! KRISKO : What flavor is it? WALLACE : It's a bird mate, it's a bloody bird, it's not any bloody flavor....(shouts) KRISKO : It's got to be some flavor, I mean everything's got a flavor. JUSTINA: (From her seat) Hurry up, hon! WALLACE : All right, it's blood 'n albatross flavor, it's bloody sea bird flavor....(shouts) ALBATROSS!! KRISKO : Do you get wafers with it? WALLACE : Course you don't get bloody wafers with it, it's a bloody albatross isn't it...(shouts) KRISKO: (To his wife) They only got albatross… JUSTINA : Never tried albatross before. Oh, what the hell, get two! KRISKO : I'll have two please. WALLACE : I've only got one you cocksucker.... (shouts) Albatross....albatross.... albatross....albatross[Chapter 5] Character List Layla Foster- Danielle Harris Hayden Tottington- Ryan Kwanten Caden Robbyns- Daniel Radcliffe Celeste Robbyns- Natalia Tena Alice Robynns- Natalie Portman Melissa Glynn- Ali Bastian Chastity Phillips- Eddie Izzard Pet Shop Owner- Dennis Leary Dr. Abraham- John Cleese Orla- Piper Perabo Mrs. Roberta Landin- Sally Field Pewter- Michael Palin Justina- Tea Leoni Ma Kole- Queen Latifa Chipper- Jason Alexander Squeaker Toy- Jon Cryer The Late Mr. Dobbs- Timothy Spall Teddiursa- Patrick Warburton Krisko- Mark Decascos Inna Morrison- Linda Cardinelli Wendy- Debi Mazar Uncle Orsen- George Clooney Self-Defense Teacher- Kate Hudson Lopunny- Diora Baird Professor Azalea- Terry Gilliam Roscoe Muffinmitt- Eric Idle Lulu the Cancan girl- Julianne Hough Tomas Finch- Tim Curry Sayble T.- Emma Stone Rebecca Smits- Keke Palmer Clueless McGee- Topher Grace Stunt Double- Tyra Banks Piplup- Barry White Dawn- Amanda Bynes Pikachu- Johnny Depp Ash Ketchum- Josh Henderson Jules/ Kwan- Katherine Heigl Un-Coolio- Master P Danny Stille- Drake Bell Taco Bell Chihuahua- Gabriel Iglesias Anna Trebunskaya- Herself Anna Faris- Herself Yorkie- Brianna Brown Mitchell Musso- Himself Vin Diesel- Himself Plot: Wallace wakes up in a world where all ideas relate to Monty Python, Pokemon, Pop Culture References, Celebrity Cameos and Uncensored English Jargon. Part 1: The Fun-Parade Chapter 5: The Cheese Shop Characters- Wallace, Ma Kole, Sayble T., Celeste, Lopunny, Caden Robynns, Chastity Phillips, Squeaker Toy WALLACE: (Entering cheese shop with Celeste) Good Morning. MA KOLE: (Read from cue-card Sayble T. is holding up in corner which above the words it says in parenthesis it reads smile) Good morning, Sir and/or Madam. Welcome to the National Cheese Emporium! What can I do for you? CELESTE: (Leaning on counter after releasing Wallace) Well, we were in the burlesque associated clothing boutique on Thurman Street just now, purchasing some particularly erotic outfits for men and women, and I suddenly came over all peckish. MA KOLE: (Scratching head) Peckish, ma'am? WALLACE: Esurient. MA KOLE: Excuse me? CELESTE: Eh, hungry-like! MA KOLE: Ah, hungry! CELESTE: In a nutshell. And I thought to myself, \"a little fermented curd will do the trick,\" so, my dapper beaux and me curtailed our sultry activities, sallied forth, and infiltrated your place of purveyance to negotiate the vending of some cheesy comestibles! MA KOLE: You lost me after 'nutshell'. CELESTE: We want to buy some cheese. MA KOLE: Oh, I thought you were complaining about the Lady GaGa look-a-likes! (In the corner Lopunny, Chastity –an obvious drag queen- and Caden, who is trying not to be recognized by his mother, sing Just Dance ) LOPUNNY: (Wearing a platinum corset with matching panties and gyrosphere) Just Dance! It's gonna be okay! CELESTE: Oh, heaven forbid… I am one who delights in all manifestations of the Pop queen of the Americas! MA KOLE: Sorry? CELESTE: Uh… like a nice tune by her! MA KOLE: So they can go on playing, can they? CELESTE: Most certainly! Now then, some cheese please, my good merchant. MA KOLE: Certainly. What would you like? CELESTE: Well, eh, how about a little red Leicester. MA KOLE: I'm, afraid we're fresh out of red Leicester, ma'am. WALLACE: How are you on Tilset? MA KOLE: I'm afraid we never have that at the end of the week, sir, we get it fresh on Monday. CELESTE: Tish tish. No matter. Well four ounces of Cafilly, if you please. MA KOLE: Ah! It's been on order, for two weeks. Was expecting it this morning. CELESTE: Hmm… not my lucky day, is it? Aah, Bell Paisey? MA KOLE: Sorry, ma'am. WALLACE: Red Windsor? MA KOLE: Normally, sir, yes. Today the van broke down. WALLACE: Ah. Stilton? MA KOLE: Sorry. CELESTE: Emental? Brilliere? MA KOLE: No. CELESTE: Any Norweigan Yarlsburger, per chance. MA KOLE: No. CELESTE: Lipta? MA KOLE: No. WALLACE: Lancashire? MA KOLE: No. WALLACE: White Stilton? MA KOLE: No. CELESTE: Danish Brew? MA KOLE: No. WALLACE: Double Goucester? MA KOLE: No. CELESTE: Cheshire? MA KOLE: No. WALLACE: Dorset Bluveny? MA KOLE: No. CELESTE: Brie, Roquefort, Pol le Veq, Porceileu, Savoy Aire? WALLACE: Sampolan, Carrier de lest, Bres Bleu, Bruson? MA KOLE: No. (She looks at her watch) So sorry my shift is up! Sayble'll help you. (She gestures to the woman holding the cue cards) Well I'm off! (She puts on a shawl then silly walks out) SAYBLE T.: (Putting cue cards down and taking Ma Kole's place behind the counter) So what is it you want? WALLACE: Camembert, perhaps? SAYBLE T.: Ah! We have Camembert, yessir. CELESTE: (surprised) You do! Excellent. SAYBLE T.: Yes. It's, ah... it's a bit runny... WALLACE: Oh, I like it runny. SAYBLE T.: Well... It's very runny, actually, sir. WALLACE: No matter. Fetch hither the fromage de la Belle France! SAYBLE T.: I... think it's a bit runnier than you'll like it, sir. WALLACE: I don't care how fucking runny it is. Hand it over with all speed. SAYBLE T.: (Looking down) Oooooooooohhh... WALLACE: What now? SAYBLE T.: The cat's eaten it. CELESTE: Has he. SAYBLE T.: She, ma'am. (pause) CELESTE: Goudon? SAYBLE T.: No. WALLACE: Edam? SAYBLE T.: No. CELESTE: Case Ness? SAYBLE T.: No. CELESTE: Smoked Austrian? SAYBLE T.: No. CELESTE: Japanese Sage Darby? LOPUNNY: Sayble I'm getting hungry could you toss me some Cheddar? SAYBLE T.: Alright! (She tosses a small block to her) CELESTE: Aah, then we'll have Cheddar? SAYBLE T.: Ohh sorry, ma'am that was the last. WALLACE: (Extremely agitated) You... do *have* some cheese, don't you? SAYBLE T.: (Brightly) Of course, sir. It's a cheese shop, sir. We've got- WALLACE: No no... don't tell me. I'm keen to guess. SAYBLE T.: Fair enough. WALLACE: Uuuuuh, Wensleydale. SAYBLE T.: Yes? CELESTE: Ah, well, we'll have some of that! SAYBLE T.: Oh! I thought you were talking to me, sir. Madame Wensleydale, that's my name. (pause) CELESTE: (She kneads her temples) I thought your name was Sayble? SAYBLE T.: That's my stage name. WALLACE: (Tired of the nonsensical banter) Greek Fetta? SAYBLE T.: Uh, not as such. WALLACE: Uuh, Gorgonzola? SAYBLE T.: No. CELESTE: Parmesan, SAYBLE T.: No. CELESTE: Mozzarella, SAYBLE T.: No. WALLACE: Paper Cramer, SAYBLE T.: No. CELESTE: Danish Bimbo, SAYBLE T.: No. WALLACE: Czech sheep's milk, SAYBLE T.: No. WALLACE: Venezuelan Beaver Cheese? SAYBLE T.: Not -today-, sir, no. (pause) WALLACE: It's not much of a cheese shop, is it? SAYBLE T.: Finest in the district! WALLACE: (annoyed) Explain the logic underlying that conclusion, please. SAYBLE T.: Well, it's so clean, sir! WALLACE: It's certainly uncontaminated by cheese.... SAYBLE T.: (brightly) You haven't asked me about Limburger, sir. CELESTE: Would it be worth it? SAYBLE T.: Could be.... CELESTE: Have you --SHUT THAT TELEPHONE OFF! CADEN: (Not hearing her) You can call all you want but there is no one home … (Turns to his mother) No your- not… gonna… reach… my… Telephone? (He runs out of the store) CHASTITY: (To Lopunny adjusting his fake boobs) Told you people preferred Starstruck ... WALLACE: (Slowly turning back to the clerk) Have you got any Limburger? SAYBLE T.: No. WALLACE: Figures. Predictable, really I suppose. It was an act of purest optimism to have posed the question in the first place. Tell me: SAYBLE T.: Yes? WALLACE: (deliberately) Have you in fact got any cheese here at all. SAYBLE T.: Yes, sir. WALLACE: Really? (pause) SAYBLE T.: No. Not really, sir. WALLACE: You haven't. SAYBLE T.: No sir. Not a scrap. I was deliberately wasting your time, sir. WALLACE: Well I'm sorry, but I'm going to have to shoot you. SAYBLE T.: Right then, sir. Cheery-o! (Wallace takes out a gun and shoots her) WALLACE: What a, senseless, waste of human life. (He and Celeste exit) ","Summary":" Character List Layla Foster- Danielle Harris Hayden Tottington- Ryan Kwanten Caden Robbyns- Daniel "},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Pióro","Author":"euphoria814","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12158706","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Czerwone ślady na jej plecach powoli zamieniały się w krwiste linie. Czuł jej ból niemal na języku, ale nie potrafił przestać patrzeć. Może naprawdę był szalony, ale była w tym pewna poezja. Jej jasna skóra, niemal biała, zawsze ukryta pod fałdami materiału sukni, pokrywała się śladami, których nigdy nie zmyje czas. Ani żarliwa modlitwa. Kiedy wyciągał przed siebie rękę, prawie mógł jej dotknąć. Krew osiadłaby na jego palcach, jakaś część niego chciała tego. A jednak coś w nim umierało na samą myśl, że Madeleine już nigdy nie uśmiechnie się do niego niewinnie, nieśmiało. Nieskalana. I to wszystko przez jego pióro. ","Summary":" Czerwone ślady na jej plecach powoli zamieniały się w krwiste linie. Czuł jej ból niemal na języku,"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"The New Inmate","Author":"JoaquinFics","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11891458","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is a fanfic about the movie \"Quills\". None of the characters but Annabelle are mine! Abbé ran worriedly down the hallways of the asylum. Passing many of the inmates, including Marquis. he held a frightened stare with him until his body ran passed his door. The poor Marquis called out for him to stop, for him to say why he looked so flustered and worried. But the Abbé was long gone further in the hallway. \"Annabelle!\" Abbé called out, Marquis rolled his eyes. Annabelle was a newer patient at Charenton. Her parents corrupted this poor girl's mind and even their priest shunned her away. Abbé couldn't reject this lost lamb, as he called her, so pure, so innocent. Yet, so lost. The sweet girl was only fifteen when he brought her in to the asylum. It took her the whole year to gain his trust and say a word to him. Abbé held a special place in his heart and prayers for the dear Annabelle. Marquis on the other hand, couldn't care less about a new inmate. She stole all of Abbé's attention from him and was always causing a ruckus writhing the walls of her cell. Even Marquis didn't think he was as insane as her. When Abbé arrived at Annabelle's cell he frantically searched for the right key on the ring he had. Through the eye slot, he could see her small frame lying on the floor with her bedspread wrapped around her neck. He swung the metal door open and rushed to her aid. He pulled at the blankets and finally got it loose around her neck. She laid limp on his lap as he mumbled a prayer through his lips. \"Oh sweet Annabelle... What have you done to yourself? Please Lord, oh merciful God save this young girl... Annabelle please open your eyes...\" Cradling the small girl in his arms he cried out. Within a minute of having her breathing free of restrictions, Annabelle coughed herself conscious in Abbé's arms. He held her tightly as he praised the good Lord for saving her and sparing her yet another chance on His earth to redeem herself. Once her eyes opened and saw that she was indeed still alive, and at the arms of Abbé, she crawled off of him and slapped him repeatedly on the chest. There was nothing she loved more than death, and nothing she hated more than living. Abbé held her arms and tried to pull her into a hug as she squirmed around. He wanted to help her so badly, and teach her the ways God wanted, and show her the girl she could become if she just let him and Him in. \"Please Annabelle.\" He hushed. Slowly, she calmed down and laid numb on him. Her tear streaked face pressed against the black fabric, of his black cloak, and her hands crossed against her chest. Abbé and Annabelle sat together like that for a while, until she fell asleep. Abbé then placed her on the bed and left her cell with her blankets bundled in his arms. There was no way she was going to try again. Even if that meant he would have to sit by her chambers all day and night. A/N: SORRY THIS IS ONLY LIKE 4 WORDS, I just wanted to make an intro piece to see if anyone would read it. Let me know in the reviews! ","Summary":" A/N: This is a fanfic about the movie \"Quills\". None of the characters but Annabelle are mine! Ab"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"MADNESS","Author":"Marips","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2660826","Passage":"[Chapter 1] MADNESS God! this is my first FF in english xD, that's very important for me. Well, i'm not very good with the english, so please don't kill me ' The looks were crossing the inert body, and frivolous in weight of the lady, her skin was withe and full of cuts where her life were slipping. The looks went to a piece of muscle, not, it was not alone... It was her language, with which at some time she try to shout... A body fall in the ground beside her, trembling, crying, a lamentable espectacle. \"Horror, that is a horror\" The looks where dissapear slowly and let alone the dead woman and her ruined man. He wasn't stop trembling and covers his mounth with his hands, he covers the truth of his soul. His crystalline, swollen eyes and the tears falling on the body of the young woman. \"She gave her life for you. Why you dindn't do the same?\" The fault eats him, he must help all, because all are equal before the God's eyes. \" She love you, she loved you\" Me too, me too. The hand poisoned in hate and love tooks the white and velvetface and the cuts seem to return to bleed, and for the walls run the shouts again. He covers his ears. Shut up, shut up... \"He killed her, yes, is his fault … But you didnt see him\" And the Abbe will kill him too, but it would be like to kill the soul of her. The soul of her \"The local prostitute\" Not! The most purest and beautiful soul; the most perfect woman, the teenager, the girl... He hold the death and cry in her chest, forgive me, I love the woman who always be mine, but God prohibited me. \"She was your sin, and also that of your God\" He took her, probably also he loved her too. The shouts diminish and also the sad feelings. \"Love here I am\" And her generous arms hold him. The blood on the floor enters for her cuts. \"My soul exists \" - Maddy - The voice trembles, and a smile shows in his face. She keeps silent about it. Their eyes are happy. \"Here I am, here I am \" For your and my madness... ","Summary":" MADNESS God! this is my first FF in english xD, that's very important for me. Well, i'm not very go"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Temptation","Author":"Broadway-Hobbit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1499220","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oh Lord, what have I done? Sweet forgiving Christ, why this torment? Invowed to love only you, and you tempt me yet with this Siren! I can notnwill myself to believe, my beloved God, that my Lord doubts my faith innhim. Everyday I gently coach the insane, helping them to see your gloriousnlight. Everyday I sit in silent prayer, begging my sins to be forgiven,nbegging your infinite mercy upon me. And everyday my mind wanders to hernsoft skin, her delicate bosom, and a jealousy deep inside me. I've caughtnthem together! His perverse thoughts are warping her into some beast likenhim. I fear she will be his some day. Can you blame me, God, for kissingnthose sweet and passionate lips? I mean to save her! Perhaps you can notnlove more than one in a lifetime. My love must never love that sick man.nShe loves me, Lord, she loves me! And though it shames me, and haunts me,nand kills me to think that I have let you down, I love her as well. It wasnwrong of me to act on my desires, I know, but how can I hurt such anninnocent thing? Yet I have wounded that peaceful dove that has only wantednlight in its caged life. I have pushed her away and she will run to hisnarms, I know it! I don't think I shall ever be able to forgive myself asnlong as I exist, in life or death. But wait, I have been saying all of thisnas if you, God, have only been bent on punishing me for some unknown crimenand she has been the product of it. But she is mortal too. She is a human.nShe is your daughter. You are doing this as much to her as you are doing tonme! Please murder me and send me to Lucifer himself, if it pleases you, butnnever hurt blameless Madeleine. She has done nothing but what is in hernnature to do. The dear child is trapped in her fantasies about love andnromance and only wants someone to pour her tender heart out to. Why did younpick me? I feel your stare God, your eyes digging holes in my flesh,nwatching my every move. I must explain to her. I must make her understand.nYou can not deny that she deserves the truth, deserves that bit of light tonsing in. Tomorrow I will go to her, force her to see your light and why Inmust not stray from it. She will be sent away, and so will this damnedntemptation! I won't let you down. ","Summary":" Oh Lord, what have I done? Sweet forgiving Christ, why this torment? Invowed to love only you, and "},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"To quill a song of a child","Author":"GypsyDreams95","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8534623","Passage":"[Chapter 1] To Quill a Song A Quill Fanfiction By: StoryLover1995 Summary: The marquee makes a friend, a new Patient and her name is Sophie. Takes place after the theater is shut down. Outside at the gate of Chargrin Sanitariums. As The carriage pulled to a stop inside the Chargrin home for the insane I could only think of how terrible I would live, but it could not have been any worse than with Monsieur Vanstatten. Maybe I was insane after all I could not even satisfy my own father isn't that what a daughter is supposed to do? My mother disappeared when I was nine years of age. After that I became silent. I never spoke to my father though he knew I could very well speak afterall All I did when he took me at night was cry out to my mother hoping that somehow she would find me and it would be over. As Monsieur Vanstatten or Father got out of the carriage and held out his hand to me I did not take it but I knew that if did not take his hand I would be severely punished, so I took it with a solemn look of despair and sorrow. He did not let go of my arm, even as the abbe came and welcomed me. \"Welcome to Chargrin, mademoiselle\" I only nodded. \"She does not speak on her own free will, nor does she eat\" my so called father had said. \"well monsieur, we can take very good care of her here.\" \"What is your name mademoiselle?\" \"Sophia Rennette Vanstatten\" \"Very well I will show you to your room.\" My father did not even say goodbye nor did he even go to my room with me. I was alone when all I needed was a friend, but alas this place is not a place of friends it is a place of sadness and depression where all rights are taken. I was so busy with my thoughts before I realized that we had arrived the door was open and we had entered. It was not as bad as I had thought It was larger than my own room at my estate, or my fathers estate, I had a proper bed and desk, with could it be paints! And a Piano! And a Harp. A rocking chair sat in the corner. \"is this my room? I asked the abbe. \"yes, but I must tell you if you break any rules I will have to take them away, do you understand?\" \"yes. Abbe?\" Yes? Is there a chapel that I can attend? Of course there is it is always open but you need to askme before you go. Another thing before I leave, Your father told me you like to paint?\" Yes, abbe. You may paint the roomj any way you wish it. \"Oh thank-you abbe!\" Your quite welcome, I must take my leave but do as you wish with the paints I will try to give some canvases by the end of the week. With that the abbe left and I was alone. But I was happier than Ive ever been. As I proceeded to the paints I decided to paint the whole room as if I wer in a lush meadow with flowers and trers and it were night time. As soon as I started to paint I heard someone. I turned toward the voice and there in the wall was a whole big enough for one to see and speak through As I walked closer I saw a man as I watched he looked at me and bowed. \"Welcome to our humble Mad house Mademoiselle\" ","Summary":" To Quill a Song A Quill Fanfiction By: StoryLover1995 Summary: The marquee makes a friend, a new Pa"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Glimpse into hell","Author":"lee tea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2005741","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Good day, one and all, man and woman, readers of all ages alike. We have come to know the story of Quills as a poetic tragedy, one in which the climax of the story is also its saddest moment. But, if a lowly author should have another vision for the beloved characters of Charenton, should they purge their thoughts out of their mind the only way possible? With a quill? Of course they should! So listen well my sweet, for although some men are indeed beyond redemption...stories...can always be rewritten. I should tell you though, that the manner in which the story is composed, you will gasp with fear! Scream in pleasure! Throw your head in laughter, or perhaps even dry your eyes of tears. ONE warning...this tale is not for the weak at heart. So with that, dear readers...BEHOLD! The most complete tale of the proceeding events at Charenton ever created spewed from the hand of none other than...myself, who indeed, was there for it all and more... so keep reading. . . If you dare. Now where did I put that quill... real authors note: this story goes all the way from the time that abbe and Madeleine kissed in his chamber, into the sequel. Everything that you saw in the film, including characters, the original storyline, locations and what not, belong to the incredible people who worked on and developed the film, all rights reserved. The plot of this story, and any new characters, new restorations to the original script, new locations and anything else new, belong to me, the author. All of those rights, are, also, reserved. Glimpse into hell There's a place in the back of a stall Where the plaster's so thin there's a crack in the wall And if you bend to the ground And squint really well They say that you're bound to catch a glimpse into hell... CHAPTER 1: little changes in the script. (come on, you can't HONESTLY say you liked that ending can you? Pious worm!) She had walked to his chambers that night- she had wanted to talk to him about what he had said to her earlier...about sending her away. And she also just wanted to see him. She was careful about being quiet...you never knew where Charlotte would turn up again. She got to his door, and he let her in, surprised by a visit from anyone, especially Madeleine. \"It's a sin against god to refuse your kindness. But my hearts held fast here,\" she said to him. She looked away from him and pulled her shawl tighter around her. It gave little to no comfort to the ragged and bloody wounds crisscrossing her back. \"By whom? The marquis?\" he asked her. Coulmier had opened the door and found a nervous Madeleine, and scolded her for being out and about this late... but Coulmier could not disguise his happiness. She had come to talk to him about the proposition he had made to her about sending her away. Madeleine told him that she was grateful, but that her heart was held at Charenton. He asked her by whom, Even though Coulmier knew what she was saying. Why did he feel the need to lie to her like this? She confirmed his suspicions, his hopes among hopes when she spoke to him again; mothers not half as blind as you, she said. Coulmiers heart leapt with joy, with longing, with knowing, with finally knowing that it was him, him! Who had captured her heart and his in return. There are some feelings he told her, we cannot voice. Because Coulmier was a man of god. But as he was a savior, he was still human, and so had the needs of a man. He had pledged himself to god long ago. That was his calling, his destiny, to use the teachings to guide others, just as they had guided him. But somehow...somehow whenever he laid his eyes upon Madeleine, or Maddy, as he had affectionately come to call her, his resolve went flying away...he might as well thrown the very bible out the window! She was beautiful...so very beautiful. But it was more than that. She was not only beautiful, but smart, and funny, and witty, and sincere and generous, and caring, and- the list could go on and on. And still, he refrained. Madeleine knew that Abbe felt similarly of herself- she could hear it in his voice as he playfully reprimanded her for something, or when he called her Maddy- his nickname that had become common for her. She could feel it in his touch as they walked through the gardens, and he would place his hand on the small of her back to lead her inside when they were heading in. She could see it in his eyes when he looked at her, when they would light up in pure exultation. And she knew it when she was hurt- when Abbe came to ensure her safety and her held her and she was scared, but it melted away when he was near. How could it be gods will to keep two people who had been forever indebted to his gifts apart, to keep apart their love? Was that truly god? Keeping it inside was killing her. She knew that Abbe was pledged to god- and sworn to chastity...but longing and desperation were emotions that, Madeleine thought, were impossible for even god to conquer. \"They incite us to act,\" he started, looking at Madeleine, who was now turning around to face him as he spoke. He could see the fullness of her lips, her long eyelashes atop her eyes, which were a luxurious honey brown, the soft curls of her hair nestled in the soft crook of her neck, and traveled down to rest at the line of her bosom. Coulmier could feel himself leaning further towards her. She turned to face him as he spoke to her, her eyes meeting his. She could see the strong lines of his jaw, his dark curly hair, and his amazing green eyes- they were soft, but also had this intensity to them that just hooked you. He was wearing his White night shirt, and tapered breeches, and his shirt was opened enough for Madeleine to see his strong chest. She knew that he was fit; she had seen when he had been removed of it during the whipping. She leant up to him. \"In ways she cannot...\" He started again, the gap between them closing more each second. \"should not...\" he closed his eyes, his circling around her waist. She closed her eyes, her arms trailing upwards along his upper chest , taking the collar of his night shirt into her hands, and pulling him forwards towards her. \"act.\" He finished his sentence, and immediately, they kissed; an unknown passion for each other left un ignited until that very moment. He kissed her hard and was met with the same passion from Madeleine. He pushed her against the wall, one of his hands still encircled tightly around her waist, the other cupping her face. Abbe pushed her against the wall. It hurt her back. Madeleine didn't notice. Her hands were around his neck, in his hair, any possible space that could have been left between them was gone. They kissed for another minute, and then Abbe pushed her away. Madeleine, he said. She looked at him expectantly. He had said her name. They were gasping for air through ragged breaths. She was looking at him to say something else. His mind was telling him to say that it was forbidden to be having such conduct. But his heart...and the rest of his body...told him to stop thinking and kiss her again. The latter won out, as he kissed her again. He had never felt this ecstatic, excited, turned on, in love in his whole life. He wasn't a priest when he was with her. He was just a man who loved a woman. He pulled back and was looking at her. He looked as though he was trying to decide something. Finally he let out a breath, and smiled a little. Then he kissed her again. It was simply natural it seemed, for the two of them to be together. Madeleine could not understand how it had been so complicated to get to this spot. But then again...everything seems simpler when you're in love. Suddenly, their bliss was interrupted by a blood curdling scream. So, whatcha think? press the lovely little blue button down there that says review, and tell me all about it. -the author ","Summary":" Good day, one and all, man and woman, readers of all ages alike. We have come to know the story of "},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Marquis 2003","Author":"VenusMound","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1446018","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This story begins the evening of the day in which the rnAbbe de Coulmier took the Marquis' quills away, following his incendiary play rnconcerning Dr. Royer-Collard. It was getting dark outside, almost dinnertime. The rnMarquis' candles were already lit. His room was a mess, as he had torn it rnapart, looking for something to fashion as a quill. He gave up, sat in his rnchair and sighed. Meanwhile, Madeleine was walking towards the Marquis' room rnwith his dinner tray, all the while thinking about how Abbe had stripped him of rnhis quills. She stopped and said to herself, \"it's not right.\" She turned rnaround and headed to her quarters. Her mother was already asleep, exhausted rnfrom the day's work. Madeleine smiled and kissed her mother on the cheek. rnMadeleine found some ink and two quill pens and hid them within the layers of rnclothing she was wearing. She headed down the corridor and walked towards the rnMarquis' door. She saw Valcour sitting outside the door. She waited and soon, rnValcour fell asleep. She snuck past him and entered the Marquis' quarters. \"Madeleine, my sweet!\" called the Marquis, turning around rnin his chair. \"Sshh!\" Madeleine whispered. \"We mustn't wake Valcour.\" \"I was wondering where my dinner was,\" said the Marquis as rnhe took his dinner tray from Madeleine and set it down upon his desk. \"I wasn't rnexpecting a personal visit. What's the occasion?\" Madeleine started reaching into her dress to find the rnquills and ink; she was fumbling with her skirts to find them. The Marquis' eyes rnwidened. \"What's the occasion indeed ?\" he asked. \"Erase those naughty thoughts from your head, Marquis.\" \"So you did not come here to remove your dress so that I rnmight gaze upon your milky-white --\" \"Something better,\" Madeleine replied as she found the ink rnand quills and held them out for the Marquis to see. The Marquis gasped in surprise and smiled widely. He took rnthe quills and ink and placed them on his desk. He then turned and looked at rnMadeleine. \"Oh, my lovely Madeleine. There's only one gift I desire rnmore than what you've brought me this night.\" The Marquis looked at Madeleine suggestively. To her rnsurprise, he only hugged her and did make any lewd advances or comments. \"I'd better leave now,\" she whispered. \"Make sure you hide rnthe ink and quills well, so neither of us is punished.\" \"Why don't you stay longer? Come and watch me compose my rnnewest prose,\" he invited. \"No, I mustn't,\" she replied. \"I have to leave before rnValcour wakes up.\" \"Oh, he'll sleep for hours,\" said the Marquis. \"You rnneedn't worry about that.\" \"Mother will be wondering where I am. I don't want to rnworry her.\" \"Your mother is a grown woman. She'll be fine. Besides, rnyou'll be back before she knows you're gone.\" \"Why do you want me to stay?\" she asked. \"Why do you want to leave ?\" \"I…I just don't want either of us to get into trouble,\" rnMadeleine replied. \"You're safer here than in any other location in the entire rnmadhouse,\" said the Marquis as he placed a second chair by his desk. He held rnhis arm out towards the chair to invite Madeleine to sit down. \"I meant, I don't want anyone to catch us and punish us for rn--\" \"Catch us doing what?\" The Marquis smiled slyly. Madeleine sighed. \"Very well. I'll stay a little while.\" \"Have some wine.\" \"No thank you. What is the subject of your new story?\" rnMadeleine asked as she sat down. \"It's the story of a doctor fellow,\" said the Marquis as he rnpoured two glasses of wine. \"He has a manhood the size of a bobbin…and a brain rnto match.\" Madeleine laughed. \"His lovely bride is almost forty years younger than he. A rnmere child. To compensate for his inadequacies, the doctor can only spend rnhis riches on material goods.\" The Marquis walked over to the desk and placed a glass of rnwine in front of Madeleine, while sipping some wine from his own glass. \"I know who this is about,\" Madeleine said while giggling. rn\"But you know what happened after your play. This won't go over well with the rndoctor…or Abbe. He's already taken away your quills. You don't want him to rntake away all your possessions, do you?\" \"Abbe would never do that to me,\" the Marquis said as he rnsat down. \"Besides, I won't publish it. I'm writing it for my own personal rnuse…my own amusement.\" The Marquis started writing. He stopped and sighed. \"What are you thinking about?\" asked Madeleine, taking a rnsip of wine. \"If only we could live in another place…another time. Can rnyou imagine how things will be in only a couple of centuries?\" Madeleine looked pensive. \"No, I can't. But we shall rnnever know.\" \"I guarantee you, the stories I have written will be rnnothing compared to the writings, or whatever forms of expression exist by rnthen. There would be no controversy about my books. My writings would amuse more than rnenrage. Of course, any reaction is good, in my humble opinion.\" Madeleine shrugged and sipped her wine again. The Marquis picked up the piece of parchment he had written rnon and crumpled it up. \"What are you doing?\" Madeleine asked. \"I've changed my mind about the story I'm going to write. rnI'm going to write a story about…the future…\" \"How far into the future?\" asked Madeleine, curious. \"Centuries…\" The Marquis started writing as quickly as he could, as his rnideas flowed quickly. rnEventually, his wrist started to hurt from all the writing he was doing, so he dictated to rnMadeleine and she filled page after page with the Marquis' thoughts. Hours later, the candles had burnt out and the sun was rncoming up. The Marquis and Madeleine were fast asleep, with their heads rnresting rnupon the desk. Madeleine was the first to open her eyes. She yawned and rnlooked around. She gasped and stood up. She was no longer in the Marquis' rnroom. She saw grass and trees all around. She looked back at the desk she had rnjust woken from, but it was not a desk; it was a wooden bench. The parchment, rnquills, ink and candles were gone. The Marquis was still asleep. Madeleine went rnover and shook him. \"Wake up, Marquis! Wake up!\" The Marquis woke up and looked up at Madeleine. He smiled. rn \"It's morning already…and you're still here. Did we enjoy our nighttime rnfestivities? I can't recall…\" \"Look around, Marquis!\" yelled Madeleine. The Marquis looked around and noticed his surroundings. He rnstood up quickly and blinked several times, as if blinking would bring him back rnto his familiar quarters. \"What could it be?\" asked Madeleine. \"Maybe we were found rnlast night and they moved us in the middle of nowhere, as a punishment.\" \"No, I don't think so,\" replied the Marquis. Just then, two children rode by on bicycles. Madeleine and rnthe Marquis screamed. The two children looked at them, screamed and rode away rnquickly. \"Something tells me we're not in Paris anymore,\" concluded rnMadeleine. \"I don't think we're in the same century anymore,\" added rnthe Marquis. \"Don't be silly. I don't know where we are, but this must rnbe some sort of punishment for me being in your quarters alone with you late rninto the night.\" The Marquis closed his eyes and breathed deeply. \"Ah, rnfresh air. What a lovely punishment.\" He started to walk away from the table. \"Where are you going? For all you know there are men with rnweapons…guillotines surrounding us. We've no idea the horrors that await us out rnthere beyond the trees.\" The Marquis turned around. \"You know better than anyone rnthat I am not one to fear such peril. I will take my chances with the world rnbeyond the trees.\" \"No, don't! Let's stay here and wait for Abbe to come and rnfetch us.\" \"You may remain here if you prefer,\" said the Marquis. rn\"But I look forward to whatever exists beyond those trees.\" \"Wait!\" Madeleine held onto her skirt as she ran to catch rnup the Marquis. As they emerged from the park, their mouths were wide open rnin shock. There were so many things they'd never seen before; most notably, rnautomobiles. The clothing people were wearing also shocked them. They walked rnonto the sidewalk, which was in front of a long line of stores and restaurants. As their mouths were wide open in shock, many people rnwalking down the sidewalk were staring at them with mouths agape. Some people rnin cars on the road slowed down to look. The Marquis spotted an attractive young woman leaving a rnstore. He decided to ask her where…and when…he and Madeleine were. \"You there, girl. Come here.\" The woman turned around and saw the Marquis and Madeleine. \"Me?\" she questioned as she walked over to them. \"Yes!\" She walked up to them and looked them up and down. \"You rntwo look great! Your clothes are far out!\" \"What do you mean by that?\" asked the Marquis, looking down rnat his clothes. \"I assure you, this is how they are to be worn.\" \"Hey, it's cool dude,\" the woman said. \"I get it. You're rntotally retro. Me too. See my shirt?\" The woman pointed to her shirt, which said, \"Totally rnRadical!\" on it. \"I'm into the 80's,\" she said. \"Not just the lingo, like, the movies, rntoo, and the music.\" \"The 80's?\" asked Madeleine. \"She speaks of a year,\" said the Marquis. \"She prefers a rnparticular year. Is that correct, Madam?\" \"Oh yeah, totally. I love the 80's. I'm all about the rn80's.\" \"Are you referring to the 1780's?\" asked the Marquis. The woman laughed. \"You're a riot. Do I look like I'm rndressed in 1780's duds? I'm talking about the 1980's.\" The Marquis and Madeleine looked at each other. \"But...how can you know what things will be like or look like in rnthat year?\" queried Madeleine. The woman appeared confused. \"What year is this?\" asked the Marquis. \"Oh,\" the woman said as she giggled. \"So you two dress AND rnact like you're from the past. That's totally rad. OK, I'll go along with rnit.\" The woman cleared her throat. \"It's the year 2003. You're in America. rnI'm Tracy.\" Once again, the Marquis and Madeleine opened their mouths rnwide in shock. \"And you?\" asked the woman. The Marquis quickly composed himself. \"Donatien rnAlphonse Francois Compte De Sade, at your service,\" said the Marquis as rnhe lifted Tracy's hand and kissed it. Tracy laughed. \"Woah, dude. rnThat's some name you got there.\" \"You may call me Marquis,\" he rnsaid. \"Most people do.\" He smiled at Tracy. Madeleine rnstill appeared a bit frazzled by the experience. \"Oh, and this is Madeleine rnLeClerc.\" \"Pleased to meet you,\" Madeleine rnsaid. \"Likewise,\" said Tracy. \"I must write this down,\" said rnthe Marquis to Madeleine. \"I must record everything I experience.\" He turned rnto Tracy. \"Do you happen to know where I could procure some quills?\" \"What?\" replied Tracy. \"Do you know where might I be rnable to purchase some quills?\" \"You mean like from a rnporcupine? What do you want that for?\" Tracy replied. \"What the devil do you mean, rnchild?\" asked the Marquis. \"I need quills to write with.\" \"Why don't you just get some rnpens or pencils?\" \"Yes, a quill pen, that's what I rnneed.\" \"I don't know about any quill rnpens,\" replied Tracy, \"But I know where you could get Bic and PaperMate pens.\" \"Then, by all means, child, lead rnme to them.\" \"Why don't you just type up rneverything on your computer?\" asked Tracy. \"It's faster...and easier to fix rntypos.\" The Marquis seemed confused and rndid not respond. Tracy sighed and rolled her rneyes. \"Oh yeah, I guess you don't know what I'm talking about, right? rnNever mind, we'll just get you some pens. You got any moolah?\" \"What?\" asked the Marquis. \"Dough, bread, bucks, dinero…any rnof this ringin' a bell? Money!\" said Tracy. \"No, I'm afraid I don't. rnMadeleine?\" Madeleine shook her head. \"Hey, it's cool. I'll spring rnfor it and you can pay me back. There's a store right over here --\" Tracy said, rnstarting to walk towards a store. \"Oh,\" the Marquis interrupted, rn\"be sure to purchase some parchment as well.\" Tracy appeared confused. The Marquis sighed. \"Something rnI might compose my prose upon.\" Tracy thought for a moment. \"Oh, like a diary? I don't know rnif they sell 'em here. You might have to go to Wal-Mart or something. I can rnprobably find a notebook, though. You two wait here. I'll be right back.\" Tracy went to the nearby shop, rnas Madeleine and the Marquis waited. \"This is extraordinary, is it rnnot?\" the Marquis asked Madeleine. \"Yes, but…if it is truly the rnyear 2003, then everyone we know is --\" \"Gone!\" said the Marquis, rnsmiling. \"Doctor Royer-Collard, gone! The emperor, my imprisoners, gone! rnThose halfwits and pinheads --\" \"Abbe…\" said Madeleine with rntears in her eyes. \"And Mother…oh, it must've been just awful for them to have rndiscovered us gone…and we'll never see them again.\" \"I suppose they presumed you rndecided to run away with me. They must've searched all of France, just to find rnus,\" the Marquis said while smirking. \"Do you think that's what they rnthought? That we escaped Charenton to be together?\" asked Madeleine. \"Perhaps. What other reasons rncould explain our disappearance?\" \"Then Abbe must've…if he truly rnthought…\" Madeleine started sobbing and put her head on the Marquis chest. The rnMarquis put his arms around her. \"There, there, Madeleine. At rnleast we've got each other. Better to have one another to be alone rnin…unfamiliar territory.\" As Madeleine and the Marquis rnhugged, two men in their twenties walked by and looked at them. One laughed. rnThe other said, \"Get a room, freaks!\" \"Why I have never been so rninsulted,\" said the Marquis. He turned to Madeleine and they both started to rnsmile. \"Yes I have,\" he said, while he and Madeleine laughed. rnMadeleine wiped her tears away. Just then, Tracy returned. rn\"Well, here there are, a pack o' pens and a notebook,\" she said while handing rnthe bag to the Marquis. \"Thank you.\" \"Tracy, what are those?\" asked rnMadeleine, pointing to cars going by. \"You mean the cars? People rndrive 'em to go places.\" \"Oh, they must be like our horse rnand carriage, but without the horse,\" said the Marquis, intrigued by these new rninventions. \"Look, you guys,\" said Tracy, rnappearing impatient, \"I love the retro thing, I really do, but your little rnshtick is getting' kinda old. Maybe you could lose it for just a while, k?\" \"I'm sorry? Shtick?\" asked rnMadeleine. \"Well, it was nice meeting you. rnTotally rad. You can keep the stuff, dude, it's on me. See ya.\" Tracy started rnto walk away. \"Wait, Tracy. Might we trouble rnyou for some shelter tonight? Even a barn would be fine,\" Madeleine said. \"You really don't have a place rnto stay?\" asked Tracy. Madeleine and the Marquis shook rntheir heads. \"Well, I guess I could let you rnstay at my place tonight. My roommate's out of town. I live a couple blocks rnfrom here. Oh, but there's only one bed. Are you two…I mean, can you two stay rnin the same bed?\" \"Yes,\" said the Marquis, rnsmiling. \"That will be just fine.\" \"There's also a couch. One of rnyou could sleep there, and one in the bed,\" suggested Tracy. \" That will be fine,\" said rnMadeleine. She smirked at the Marquis. \"Oh, must you be such a prude?\" rnjoked the Marquis. \"I mean, it is the year 2003, after all!\" Madeleine and the Marquis walked rnwith Tracy to her place, to spend their first night in a new country...and a new rncentury. ","Summary":" This story begins the evening of the day in which the rnAbbe de Coulmier took the Marquis' quills a"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Crack of the Flog","Author":"Furious Angel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/405110","Passage":"[Chapter 1] All the usual here- Quills characters not mine et al. Spoiler alerts for Quills too, so if you haven't seen it, don't read on. Unless you have some kind of masochistic desire to spoil the endings for movies. The night was the pinnacle of lonliness for him. The horrible isolation, the feeling that everyone else were enveloped in the quiet darkness of slumber, blanketed in their dreams. The bedsheets tangled around his limbs like arthritic fingers, their starched whiteness wrapping itself around his pale skin. Sweat glistened at his throat, ebony curls of hair flattened upon his forehead. His nightshirt was unbuttoned to the chest, arms interlaced over it with the formality of the thoughtful. His eyes travelled over to his bedside table, decorated somewhat simply with a thumbed Bible, wooden rosary and a single quill in a pot. His emerald eyes widened their scope, falling upon the leather flog that hun on the wall. The frayed ends cried silently in their blackness, directly contrasting with the white of the wall. The grip fitted his hand perfectly, nestling into his palm as the welts upon his back became angrier, blooming like scarlet roses upon the most perfect of canvases. He felt satisfaction like no other when the strips would strike his skin, marring that delicate porcelain, blood firstly pearling then trickling as the strikes became more verocious. The initial pain which raged and burned slowly melted into an overwhelming numbness, when all the while the 'Our Father' spilled from his trembling lips, every other word clipped and punctuated with a barely restrained groan. *The Marquis would be so proud...* Every time his mind was tainted, every time his thoughts were smoked with the soot of the fires of Hell, the flog would be reached for. Sometimes he wished Donatien could be on the other end of the flog, so expertly delivering the lashes that he had perfected throughout his life. How deliciously fitting, the epitome of depravity showing the young innocent a thing or two in the field of punishment. Sometimes it felt odd when he whipped himself, as if his inexperienced hands were doing something wrong, not fulfilling his penalty satisfactorily. He secretly wished that Madeleine would walk in on him after his punishment, when he crumpled onto the floor and breathed raggedly, eyes ablaze and back screaming. How he wished she would run in, gather him in her arms, shower him with kisses, cleanse his skin and his soul. He wanted her cool fingers to run down his face and neck, pressing her body against his, her nightgown skimming her curves. He wanted to hold her in his arms, lay on his bed with her, letting the rosy hue of dawn awaken them, a pink blush warming their skin. But now he knew that this would never happen. Far more finally than it ever would, for his beloved Madeleine was not with him. He would call her name, and the reply was silence. No Madeleine. She watched him from elsewhere, her young body desecrated with wounds, eyes looking her last, words spoken no more. And that pained him far more than any flog could. His heart blackened without her, his soul grew cold, and the hope died. And the Abbe de Coulmier wished he could, too. To be with her once more. ","Summary":" All the usual here- Quills characters not mine et al. Spoiler alerts for Quills too, so if you have"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Coulmier and his Thoughts","Author":"Dee10","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/904273","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is just what I think Coulmier was thinking after Madeline died. Madeleine. O my dearest Madeleine you were my reason to live, younwere why I am who I am now. Now all I have are memories. The memories ofnyou walking down the hall saving \"you lines please\". The way you laughednit always brightened up my day. Only if I didn't lie to you when I told younhow I felt for you. If only I could tell you what is eating me up inside.nMaybe if I had you wouldn't have gone to the Marquis. Maybe you still wouldnhave been alive; hear at Charanton alive hear with me. ","Summary":" This is just what I think Coulmier was thinking after Madeline died. Madeleine. O my dearest Madele"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Cannot Resist His Charms","Author":"VenusMound","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1439396","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Beloved Reader, I've a story too devilishly fiendish to tell…so it must rnbe told. It's the story of a chambermaid who worked and lived in a madhouse. A rnprim and proper woman, until she involved herself too closely with a certain rninhabitant of the asylum… \"Your linens, please!\" a soft voice requested outside a rnresident's door. \"I can't now, I'm learning to fly!\" a voice said from rninside the room. Madeleine sighed. \"Your linens, Cleante! Now or never!\" Cleante jumped off his perch and went over to the door. rn\"Not until you guess what kind of bird I am today.\" Another sigh came from Madeleine as she slightly smiled and rnsaid, as if she had said it a hundred times before, \"There's but one bird in a rnmadhouse…a loon.\" Cleante laughed heartily and provided Madeleine with the rnrequested linens. Next, Madeleine opened the slot on Bouchon's door. She rnlooked inside and saw him sitting on the floor with a hand down his breeches. Madeleine was slightly shocked at first, but then she was rnable to collect herself and try to obtain Bouchon's linens. \"Bouchon! Stop rnthat! Please, give me your linens.\" Bouchon just laughed. \"That man's linens are always disgustingly soiled,\" rnMadeleine muttered to herself as she shook her head. She looked at Bouchon rnagain, who was moving the hand down his breeches more rapidly now, and at the rnsame time laughing and staring at Madeleine's eyes through the slot. \"I'll ask you one more time, Bouchon. Your linens, rnplease! Remember your manners.\" Bouchon reached for his linens with one hand as his other rnhand was still down his breeches. He stuffed the linens through the bottom slot rnto Madeleine, who did not want to touch them or even look at them. \"Thank you!\" she called to Bouchon as she picked up her rnbasket walked away. Soon, Madeleine was before the door of her favorite rn\"patient.\" As she opened the slot on the top of the door, she could hear rnhumming from inside the room, as well as the familiar sound of a quill pen rnwriting on parchment. \"Your linens, please!\" \"Maddy,\" the voice said in a singsong manner, \"I need you!\" Madeleine shut the slot. She slightly smiled and then rnlooked around. She did not see anyone, so she stuck her key through the keyhole rnand rushed inside with her basket of linens. Little did she know that out in the shadows was the Queen rnof Tattling: Charlotte. Charlotte slowly moved over to the door to find out rnwhat she could hear…or see. Alas, there was no way for her to see what was rngoing on, so she put her ear up to the door to hear as much as she possibly rncould. As Madeleine entered the room, she did not see the man who rnshould have been present. She put her basket on the floor. \"Marquis?\" she called. The curtains of the canopied bed soon moved apart and the rnMarquis popped his head out, while providing a sinister laugh. Madeleine jumped back, frightened. The Marquis laughed. \"Honestly,\" Madeleine said, \"Sometimes I wonder if you rnreally are insane. You'd have to be, to want to frighten someone like that. I rnbelieve that one day there will be a word in existence, based on your name. rnPerhaps…sade…sade-istic, something of that sort.\" \"And what would be the definition of said word, my little rncoquette?\" asked the Marquis as he smirked, still hidden behind the bed's rncurtains. \"I haven't much time,\" Madeleine said as she picked up her rnbasket and walked over towards the Marquis' bed. \"Then you've brought what I asked for?\" \"Yes. Now come out from behind those curtains,\" Madeleine rnordered. \"I mustn't, said the Marquis. \"I'm not dressed properly.\" \"You aren't?\" asked Madeleine, quite curious. \"Do you dare to look?\" the Marquis asked, while smirking rnand widening his eyes. \"I am not wearing anything but my breeches.\" Madeleine was speechless at first. She finally was able to rngive the Marquis permission to come out from behind the curtains. \"You may come rnout freely,\" said Madeleine, acting nonchalantly. \"I assure you I will not be rnfrightened of a man who is just wearing his breeches.\" \"Yes, my little dumpling, but will such a sight excite you?\" \"I should say not!\" Madeleine said, acting a bit offended, rnas she reached for some items that were in the basket, under some unclean rnlinens. \"Well, here they are, Marquis. The new vest and coat you asked for.\" rnMadeleine took the clothing from the basket and held them up for the Marquis to rnsee. \"Perfect!\" the Marquis exclaimed, as he finally emerged rnfrom behind the curtains of his bed. Madeleine tried to avert her eyes from the slightly nude rnman before her; she had not seen a man without his upper garments on before. rnAfter a few seconds, she was able to look at the Marquis' bare chest. She rnblushed a bit. While eyeing the clothing, the Marquis said, \"And just in rntime…you don't know what it's like, wearing the same clothing day after day.\" \"I don't?\" said Madeleine, slyly. \"Mine have holes in them,\" was the Marquis' reply, as he rnpicked up some clothing that was hanging over the chair at his desk and pointed rnto a hole in his sleeve. \"Look around this room. Does it look like a room that rnshould have a man wearing clothing with holes in it?\" \"Well, if that's all,\" Madeleine said as she picked up her rnbasket, \"I'd better get back to my duties.\" The Marquis rushed over to the door and stood in front of rnit. Again, Madeleine tried to keep her eyes off of the Marquis' bare chest, but rnnow it was right in front of her. \"Not until I thank you properly for your hard work, my rndear,\" the Marquis said. \"That will not be necessary,\" Madeleine replied. \"I simply rnprovided the horseman with your money and he brought the requested vestments rnback to me.\" \"I must pay you --\" \"I don't need any money,\" Madeleine interrupted. \"I am not speaking of coins, my darling girl.\" \"Then what?\" Madeleine asked, already knowing the answer. Instead of answering in words, the Marquis answered with rnhis lips…and his tongue. As the Marquis' tongue entered her mouth, Madeleine rnwas slightly surprised at first, although she had been kissed this way once rnbefore by the Marquis. The last time, and this time, it not only surprised her rnto find his tongue in her mouth, but it made her eyes involuntarily widen in rnshock. While the kiss was surprising, it was, at the same time, pleasurable to rnMadeleine. She closed her eyes and enjoyed it, forgetting where she was. She rnaccidentally dropped the basket to the floor, which broke up the kiss. \"Oh!\" exclaimed Madeleine in surprise. The Marquis bent down and picked up the basket. He smiled rnas he handed it back to Madeleine. He couldn't help but notice that her cheeks rnwere bright red. \"My dear,\" he said, \"If you'd like, I could give you some rnof my parchment, so that you may fan your face…you appear to be very…hot at the rnmoment.\" \"I'll…I'll be fine,\" Madeleine replied as she fanned her rnface with a hand. \"I must get back to my duties now.\" \"If you must, you must,\" said the Marquis, as he put on his rnnew clothing. As Madeleine opened the door, she almost hit someone: rnCharlotte. She had been listening with an ear on the door during Madeleine's rnentire visit. \"Charlotte!\" Madeleine said in surprise. \"What were you rndoing?\" she asked, as she closed the Marquis' door. The Marquis heard what was going on. He went over to the rndoor and slowly opened the slot on his door, to watch and listen to the rnconversation. Charlotte smirked at Madeleine. \"Traffic with the Devil, rnMaddy, and you'll pay the Devil's price.\" Unsure of how to respond and at the same time embarrassed rnabout what Charlotte must have heard, Madeleine just said, \"I've got to get back rnto my duties.\" She walked away as quickly as she could. Charlotte continued to smirk as she watched Madeleine walk rnaway. Charlotte glanced back at the Marquis' door and saw his eyes staring at rnher from behind the slot. She stepped back, startled. \"My, my,\" said the Marquis, \"At Charenton, even the walls rnhave eyes.\" Was the Marquis referring to Charlotte or his own rneavesdropping? Charlotte was a bit taken aback at the Marquis' rnaccusation. \"You're mistaken,\" she said. \"I did not see a thing. But I do rnknow one thing: You, Marquis, are a wicked, wicked man. The Devil himself.\" The Marquis smiled. \"You're quite dauntless,\" he said. rn\"You may just be a match for me. But could you speak the same way to me, alone rnwith me in my quarters?\" \"I know your tricks,\" Charlotte replied. \"You think I will rngo into your quarters right now just to prove I've courage enough to do so?\" \"You cut me to the core, my dear Charlotte. I've secretly rnlonged…nay, yearned for your kiss. Just to caress your beautiful cheeks would rnplease me for a thousand years. To touch and kiss your luscious lips…to look rninto your eyes, which show your boundless intelligence and womanliness…\" Charlotte blushed. She looked pensive, almost wanting to rnbelieve the Marquis was telling the truth, yet at the same time wanting to run rnaway from his door and as far away from him as possible. \"I've…I've heard your stories, before,\" was all she could rnthink of saying. \"And what did you think?\" asked the Marquis, always happy rnto have a conversation about his books with one of his beloved readers. rn\"Deliciously naughty? Dare I say…erotic?\" Surprising to both Charlotte and the Marquis, Charlotte rngiggled. \"Naughty, yes,\" she commented. \"I couldn't even understand some of rnwhat you wrote…Ve…Venus mound?\" They both laughed. \"Come inside, my sweet…let us discuss my stories. I'll rnexplain everything you wanted to know…with words or with actions, whatever your rnpreference. The curiosity overcame Charlotte; she took out her keys and rnbegan unlocking the door. \"Yes, yes, my little vixen,\" the Marquis whispered, \"put rnyour long, hard key into my tiny little hole…\" I leave you now, Dear Reader, to ponder the following: rnWas the Marquis lying about his yearning for Charlotte or did he just say such rnthings to keep her from telling others about Madeleine's long stay today in his rnroom? And did he mean her harm or did he merely wish to become her tutor in the rnways of love? Until next time… ","Summary":" Beloved Reader, I've a story too devilishly fiendish to tell…so it must rnbe told. It's the story o"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"The ThreeSome","Author":"Anakin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/378126","Passage":"[Chapter 1]  ","Summary":" "},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Beautiful Young Prospect","Author":"Furious Angel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/927694","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The night had descended upon Charenton. The corridors were blackened, thenonly light being the dancing flames mounted upon the wall which lickednhungrily at the stone. The inmates had finally retired to bed, and nowntheir anguished moans and manic laughter had died down, lost in theirndreams, temporarily relieved of the inevitable boredom that came from beingnincarcerated. Outside, bruised purple clouds rolled ominously over the charcoal sky,nsuffocating the lullaby of the sparkling stars. Rain had fallen earlier,nsoaking the earth, giving the air that indescribable aroma of wet soil, allnplants and trees vibrant with their rehydration. But now their aestheticnsplendour had been thrust aside by the night, now fully upon Charenton, anmilky, sickly looking moon casting its silver sheen onto the surroundingngardens. The sharp tapping of footsteps echoed through the empty corridors. In anflurry of black, the Abbe de Coulmier strode down the stone hallway. Hisnstrides were brisk, jaw set in determination, emerald eyes glittering withnshards of anger. He very rarely felt the stirs of rage boil within him,nbut tonight, his patience had been tested yet again by the building's mostnnotorious inmate. The Marquis de Sade. The name was infamous. The jaded old aristocrat withnthe backcatalogue of hideous crimes. The dirty old letch with a wanderingneye and a roaming hand. The man that had written such filth that it hadnenraged Napoleon himself. Despite this, the young priest had found a friend in his complete polarnopposite. A friend who he could sit and share wine with, laugh politely atnhis somewhat vulgar jokes, discuss their opposing outlooks on life. Ofncourse, the older man always thought that he was right. And in a way, henargued his case so passionately that sometimes, the Abbe de Coulmiernbelieved him. But tonight it had gone too far. He had seen the Marquise flee from hisnquarters, her face streaked with tears, and more worryingly, a strikingnpink stripe. It seemed that her endless devotion had put in the same placenas before. At the end of the Marquis' fervent hand, making her the targetnof his frustrations and also his criticisms, subconsciously reminding himnthat she lived on the outside and he was trapped here within four stonenwalls. And also reminding him that she was not Madeleine. Madeleine. As he walked, Coulmier's thoughts returned to the young maid.nVibrant, friendly and beautiful, Madeleine seemed to be the one source ofnsanity and purity in a place where vice was rampant. The Abbe would watchnher, the way she interacted with the more placid inmates, offering themnsmiles and cheerful greetings. The way she spoke to him, all freshness andnkindness, the way she breezed past seemingly without a care in the world.nTo his own eternal shame, Francois found himself gazing at her for a littlentoo long, his heart racing, the pulse eventually centring between hisnthighs, a tension that begged to be relieved but never was, unless afternweeks of frustration he would finally relent and indulge in self-ngratification that even the whip couldn't bring. He forced the thought from his mind. He had the Marquis to focus uponntonight. He knew the man wouldn't be asleep. De Sade often stayed awakenuntil the small hours, trying to force out the final drops of inspirationnthat would fill one parchment, maybe two, before he could return,nsatisfied, to his luxurious bed. The Abbe de Coulmier approached the heavy oak door, his stomach clenchedninto a knot. What was he to say? He had often fallen victim to thenMarquis' sharp tongue and clever turn of phrase. The old man could look atnhim with cool blue eyes and see what he was thinking, what he yearned for.nBut Coulmier could not allow him to behave the way he had any longer. Henwas allowed the privilege of visitors, lavish furnishings and other variousnluxuries, yet still he threw it all back like a spoiled child. Knuckles poised, the Abbe de Coulmier fished for the loop of keys about hisnwaist and slowly opened the door. The click of the lock must have echoednabout the room, but the Marquis did not turn around. As expected, he wasnsat at his desk, scribbling incessantly, quill dancing over the drynparchment. Closing the door behind him, Coulmier cleared his throat andninterlaced his hands behind his back. \"I think you know what I've come here for.\" De Sade stopped mid-sentence and smiled that cat-like smile of his tonhimself. He swivelled in his chair, very much like a pianist, and rosenslowly to his feet. \"Well, at last. Our young man of God decides to succumb to the needs thatnevery human is born with.\" He raised an eyebrow. \"If I do say so myself,nyou have come to the right place.\" Coulmier felt his blood boil. His heart raced, the blood thrummingninsistently in his ears. \"I've no time for such jesting, Marquis. I've come to tell you that asnfrom now on, your privilege of receiving visitors will be abolished. I'mntired of the same sight every week.\" The older man's smile melted from his face. He took one step nearer thenAbbe, a dangerous glimmer in his eyes. \"Ah, I see. You've come to lecture me on how I carry out my relationships.n And yet you sit there, with this insignificant little thing-\" he flickednat the white collar about his neck- \"killing every organ in your body.\" Hensnarled spitefully. \"Apart from that heart of yours, of course. Full ofncompassion, full of forgiveness.\" Coulmier visibly bristled. \"I've not come here to be insulted. I justnwant to help you. Can't you see that?\" Taking another step towards the younger man, circling him like an owl withna mouse, de Sade now stood behind the priest, so close that the Abbe couldnfeel his breath on his neck as he spoke. \"And there I am sitting here thinking that God helps those that helpnthemselves. How wrong I am. Why not take a leaf from my book, Abbe, andnhelp yourself relieve that tension in you that I can see festering sonenergetically.\" Swallowing loudly, the Abbe was embarrassed to realise that his mouth hadnbecome parched, a thin sheen of sweat coating his forehead. He blamed itnon the material of his heavy cassock, but deep down he knew why. He hadnheard of the Marquis' past. The way he ravaged and then discarded ofnpeople, forgetting them instantly, just another conquest who wouldnultimately fade from his memory. He finally summoned his voice, which wasnlittle more than a whisper. \"Enough of this. I can see that you're obviously not going to listen.\" He felt the cold, slim, pale fingers of the Marquis snake around his hips,ngathering folds of the black material as his hand finally came to rest uponnhis thigh. Cold spiders of panic crawled down Coulmier's back. He feltnparalysed, rooted to the spot, as though his urge for relief had taken overnhim and held him fast, a skeletal hand strangling his conscience.n\"You say that I'm not listening,\" rasped de Sade, \"when you're the onenproclaiming your innocence. There you kneel, praying to a cold statue.nCome now, if you can speak to one of them every day, surely your dear oldnMarquis is deserving of oral adulation?\" His breath catching in his throat, Coulmier wrenched himself from thenMarquis' hold, heart racing. He couldn't bear this. The man knew what henwanted, what he desired, and now teased him with it, offering it to him onna plate, knowing that this would anguish him for days, weeks perhaps. \"You clearly cannot hold a conversation with me, Marquis. Must everythingnwith you come back to this?\" As soon as he saw the shift in the man's expression, the Abbe knew he hadnsaid the wrong thing. \"Don't you attach this solely to me, my Cherub. Do you not think of suchnsalacious acts in your most private moments? Obviously you do not think ofnme. It's not my mouth you imagine engulfing you, no, it's that dear sweetnMadeleine. Tell me, Abbe, is it just her mouth you imagine deflowering?\" At this verbal debasement, Coulmier finally let his voice rise. \"You insult us both! How dare you speak about Mademoiselle LeCle-\" \"I merely speak of your thoughts. And you, a man of God.tsk tsk, Abbe. Inhave to admit, she is quite a comely little lass, isn't she? Just imaginenwhat's heaving beneath that corset of hers, what lurks underneath thosenskirts, begging to be explored. I often wonder myself. It's only a matternof who gets there first. I lose interest when people are soiled.\" The Abbe had to clench his fists to stop him hitting the Marquis, hisnknuckles white with exertion. \"Do not bring her into your fantasies, Marquis.\" With one swift movement, the Marquis was close enough to Coulmier to pressnhis stomach against his own. Coulmier froze rigid, eyes blazing. ThenMarquis' hand rose slowly to the back of Coulmier's head, his fingersnraking through the raven curls before wrenching his head back. \"And sometimes our fantasies become reality, darling.\" With that, with predatorial haste, the Marquis planted his mouth on thenshocked Abbe's, his tongue prying his lips open, demanding entry. Coulmiernremained rigid, not knowing what to do, his hesitance allowing the oldernman to explore his mouth, before finally relenting and allowing his tonguento meet the Marquis'. He wouldn't dare open his eyes, for he knew that henwould see the all-knowing glimmer in the blue orbs, and his soul would beninstantly bared. Breaking away, Coulmier finally allowed himself antortured cry, his lips still moist. His chest rose and fell with hisnshort, shallow breaths. \"We all have the strength to surprise even ourselves, Abbe. Your God willnforgive you. But can you forgive yourself?\" The only response the Marquis received was that of the slamming of his cellndoor and the diminishing footsteps of his priestly conquest. He had notnachieved full resistance, but it would do for now. He pictured Coulmiernreturning to his quarters, ripping off his clothes, so symbolic andnresistant, and reaching for his whip. The Marquis would sometimes hear thencrack, and the restrained moans when Coulmier thought everyone else wasnasleep. He laughed wryly, before returning to sit at his desk. \"Two hundred strokes, perhaps. Pious little worm.\" ","Summary":" The night had descended upon Charenton. The corridors were blackened, thenonly light being the danc"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Certain feelings","Author":"LeiaBrightSun","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1432316","Passage":"[Chapter 1] disclaimer : I don'trnown these characters, I'm just writing stories about them. author's notes: I justrnloved Quills! The only thing I regretted was that there wasn't enough romance inrnit. And since I'm such a romantic person, I wrote this short story. So this isrnwhat also could have happened between Madeleine and the Abbe when she came tornhis quarters in the middle of the night. This story was first published by me on the Joaquin Phoenix MultimediarnSite. Asrnshe was laying in her bed, Madeleine looked up at thernceiling. She thought about what the Abbe had said to her that night. I'mrnsending you away . Did he mean it? And would he really do it for her own sake, to protect her from the Marquis? Or did hernjust want her to go away, so he wouldn't have any problems anymore? She closedrnher eyes to stop the tears that were coming. She didn't WANT to go away!rnCharenton was her life, her everything. She had been here ever since she was arnlittle girl, she couldn't even remember beingrnsomewhere else. And the Marquis! She wouldn't be able to live without hisrnstories. She sighted. Deep in her heart she knew she was just making up excusesrnto stay. She realised that she was just lying to herself, that she had beenrnlying the whole time. Charenton, her childhood, the Marquis, none of it was herrnreal reason. She placed her hands before her face and started sobbing softly. \"OhrnGod, forgive me,\" she whispered, \"forgive me.\" Afterrna while, she stopped crying and stepped out of bed. Torches lighted the way asrnMadeleine moved down the corridor. In the distance, she heared sounds from thernpatients that had never really bothered her before, but now frightened her likernhell. At last she reached the Abbe's quarters. She looked around to be surernthat no one saw her and knocked at the door. Arnfew moments later, the door opened and a suprised Abbe appeared. His hair was arnbit of a mess but he looked as handsome as always. \"Maddy?rnWhat are you doing here?\" Shernslithered inside and he shut the door quickly. \"Yournshouldn't be coming here, not at this hour. Suppose anybody saw you…\" \"Irnhad to come, Abbe,\" she said, cutting him of. He heared something in herrnvoice that wasn't right, and he frowned. \"Madeleine…rnhave you been crying?\" he asked. She turned her back to him and bit herrnlip, trying to prevent herself from crying again. Look at me, shernthought, I can't even watch him straight in the eye anymore! \"Don'trnsend me away, Abbe,\" she said softly, hopelessly. \"Maddy…\" \"It'srna sin against God for me to refuse your kindness. But my heart is held fastrnhere…\" Therernwas a silence, cut off by the Abbe. \"Byrnthe Marquis, right?\" he asked with a lack of disappointment. Madeleinernsighed, frustrated because he didn't get it. \"Myrnmother isn't half as blind as you are.\" Another long silence. Madeleine wanted tornturn around and see his reaction, but she didn't dare. She was too affraid ofrnseeing the opposite of what she wanted so desperately. \"OhrnMaddy,\" he said then, wrestling with his own feelings. He slowly drew nearrnher, not knowing what to do. \"There are some feelings we can not… we mustrnnot voice.\" Hernplaced his hands on her shoulders. She shivered, feeling his warmth on herrnskin. \"Why not?\" \"Theyrnincite us to act… in ways we should not… can not,\"rnhe whispered. He moved his hand higher and stroke herrnhair. She turned around with hasitation and faced him, not really understandingrnwhat he wanted to make clear to her. She had made her confession, but shernwasn't sure if he had too. She noticed that his blue-green eyes were full ofrnemotion, something she had never seen with him before. And suddenly she was sornfull of feeling that she started to cry again. \"Please,rndon't cry… my dear…,\" the Abbe said and he gently wiped away the tears onrnher cheeks with his fingers. \"Irndon't… want to… leave…you,\" she sobbed. He took her face between his handsrnand smilled. \"It'srnallright, don't worry. You don't have to leave… if you don't want to.\" Herngave her a long kiss on the forehead and held her against him. She respondedrnhis gesture by wrapping her arms around his waist and holding him tight. OhrnGod, he thought, what's happening? How much he had longed for holding her likernthat! And how much he wanted to go further! But he couldn't. Even if she wantedrnthe same, he just couldn't… Hernbroke away from their embrace and took a step back. \"Whatrnis it?\" she asked. \"Irnthink you'd better go now,\" he whispered. He saw the disappointment in herrneyes but tried to ignore it. \"Please.\" Shernstared at him. \"Okay,\"rnshe said, \"whatever you want.\" Andrnthen she turned around and went away, slamming the door. \"Maddy…,\"rnhe called, but she was already gone. He leaned against the wall and closed hisrneyes. \"It's not fair. It's just not fair!\" Thenrnhe looked at the crucifix above his bed and suddenly he had this crazy thought.rnHis only love had always been God. But now he realised that no God could takernthe place of Madeleine. Hernquickly opened the door. \"Madeleine!!\" Nornanswer. \"Madeleine!\"rnhe called again, but this time he was running through the hallway. He couldn'trnthink clearly and he seemed not to care anymore about the fact that someonerncould hear him. Hernkept running through the corridors until suddenly he found himself in therngarden. He stopped and looked around. He knew she had been here, because shernhad to cross a part of the garden to go to her sleepingquarters. He hesitated.rnHe knew he couldn't go after her, she wasn't the onlyrnone who slept there. Hernwas about to go back, disappointed, but then he saw a small white figurernsitting on the bench a little bit further. He knew it was Madeleine andrnsuddenly he felt his heart beat faster. He went towards her and sat next her onrnthe bench. \"Therernyou are,\" he said with a smile. She startled. \"Whatrnare you doing here?\" He heared the anger and frustration in her voice. \"You'drnbetter be carefull,\" she said, \"God's watching!\" Shernstood up and went away. \"Maddy…\" Hernwent after her. \"Willrnyou just listen to me?\" he asked her, but she didn't answer and keptrnwalking. Meanwhile it had started to rain and they were becoming pretty soaked. \"Maddy,\"rnhe said again, but this time the Abbe grabbed her arm and drew her to him. \"What…?\"rnshe started, but she couldn't finish her question. He took her face in hisrnhands and kissed her passionately. What the hell is he doing? she thought.rnBut she didn't reject him. She simply put her arms around him and kissed himrnback. Finally, all those hidden feelings, all those lost moments, every unspokenrnword, their whole life started to make sense when they were kissing. It feltrnlike sunshine on a rainy day…like making up after a fight... like a light inrnthe dark… like a warm place during a cold winter… like all the good things inrnlife, thay hadn't experienced yet. It felt like home… Whenrnthey stopped, they just stood there - soaking wet from the rain - looking atrneachother's faces, staring in eachother's eyes. He knew he was doing somethingrnhe wasn't supposed to, but it felt so goddamn right to him! He startled fromrnhis own silent words. Sorry, he thought, although he wasn't quite sure who he wasrnsaying it to. Madeleinernsaw the change of expression on his face. She saw he was fighting againstrnsomething and she could read the guilt in his eyes. \"Abbe..\" she started. Oh God, I'm gonna cry again! \"What?\" \"Whatrnmade you change your mind?\" she asked him softly, placing her hand againstrnhis cheek. He tried to smile, but she could still see how the guilt wasrncrawling over his face. It hurt her and she knew it was hurting him too. \"Yourndid,\" he responded. She smiled and touched the scar above his lip with herrnthumb. She took his face between her hands and gave him a soft kiss. \"Irnlove you,\" she said then. He stared into her eyes but didn't say anythingrnback. She knew. He couldn't say it, but somehow she could read it in his eyes.rnSo she smiled. \"Maybernit's time… that you go back,\" she said eventually. He nodded. \"I'mrnsorry.\" \"That'srnallright, I understand.\" Hernplaced a kiss on her forehead and wrapped his arms around her one more time.rnThen, he let go. \"GoodbyernMadeleine.\" Hernsmiled and went back where he came from, with pain in his heart. \"Abbe?\"rnshe called. Hernturned to face her again. \"Yes?\" \"Thankrnyou… for coming after me,\" she said. Her voice was beginning to soundrnstrange again. He knew why. It was dark and she was wet from the rain, butrndespite he knew. She was crying. For him. Oh, how hernwanted to go back to her, take her in his arms, kissrnher like he just had, make love to her, run away with her to some place farrnaway. But he couldn't… \"Myrnheart told me to go after you.\" But my mind won't let me stay with you… Andrnhe left. Daysrnpassed and the both of them pretended as if nothing had happened that night. Ohrnyes, it hurt. More than one could imagine. But it probably was for the better.rnBut then… he lost her. Lost her in the worst meaning of thernword. And he kept blaming himself. He blaimed himselfrnfor her death, for her whole miserable life, for all her suffering. But most of all, he blaimed himself for not saying… that he lovedrnher… THE END. ","Summary":" disclaimer : I don'trnown these characters, I'm just writing stories about them. author's notes: I "},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"What I Saw","Author":"Thyme In Her Eyes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/613127","Passage":"[Chapter 1] What I Saw Ack, my first bash at 'Quills' fanfiction...I adore that film, it got to me (probably because it was so unpredictable). So I thought I'd start off by writing something kinda original - as much as I'd like to do a 'fic about Madeline and Abbé sometime it's been done before many, many times. This takes place around the time Madeline 'visits' Abbé in the night but he rejects her, only this time told from Charlotte's point of view/her general view on her life. She does sound like she's losing it but, in 'Quills' just about everybody's losing it so why not Charlotte too? A very odd look into her mind, I figured she'd either be half-mad or an evil, conniving bitch ^_^ BTW - The view given on Madeline here is NOT my view of her (I love poor Maddy to bits) but it's just my guess at how Charlotte might see her. Enjoy! Oh yeah, please review! * * * * * What I Saw I'm walking because I'm afraid. Afraid of the shadows that haunt me, the resting evil in my room, if I walk I can distract myself from them, from what they can do. This place is getting more evil and wrong by the minute - I can feel it. I feel it every day. Everyone's getting drawn into this, into the intimidating darkness of Charenton. Darkness and shadow shrouded the long curving corridors of the asylum, my workplace, my home. The ancient-seeming halls glare at me, the flickering light whispering, the stirring spiders creeping and the rounded corridors themselves leering at me, not quite showing what was around the corner but showing enough to raise some curiosity. To tempt me into wondering even further down into the pit of perfidy. This isn't how a workplace should be - a workplace should be lifeless, soulless, completely detached from the imagination so people like me can be professional and concentrate only on work. This place is so wrong as it is, who needs more imagination in a building full of lunatics inside and outside cold cells? No, this place used to not be so bad but since all that horrid business with Madeline it's gone darker, more intimidating - I half expect some unholy madman to jump out of these shadows now and drag me back into an early grave. Everyone's creeping about at night, thinking bad things, doing bad things. I don't know if it's these lunatics, these devils of the pit or something much worse. The people who aren't in cells, the ones that walk like free men, hurting people, wronging them. There are plenty here and it's wrong. It oughtn't be like this. At night the dust stirs slowly like a walking skeleton, shuffling through the blackened halls, prowling through the night. It frightens me. The thought of bad monsters or people, or lunatics or sins will come and get me and drink the soul out of my body in the dark of the night. That all my demons will find me and take me over. The demons that haunt everyone here. This place is wicked, it should be burnt to the ground, then our souls will be safe and lurking ghosts won't haunt me in my nightmares. Or whilst I'm awake either. Just think...no more darkness, no more sinful Madeline, no more madmen, no more hauntings, no more bugs crawling, no more shadows. Heaven. Utopia. Perfection instead of perfidy. All these bad, mad people will be cured or committed the right way and proper people that respect their job, like me will work here. Someone will recognise my abilities and give me a better position. I'll show them all. All the life and feeling will go away and it won't be a shadowy demonic place anymore but just another building. A cold building made only of bricks. I'll get there one day, things will change and I won't be frightened and disturbed by all the darkness and sin that everyone creates. Because there won't be any. All the bad people will be sent away and the worse will be locked away. And I'll be safe from the dark forces of madness. It'll happen when I'm chaste, I must be suffering now because I'm bad and I don't want to be a wicked thing. I can't sleep anymore, the sounds in the dark of serpents whispering and mice creeping on their tiny feet, the howls of our 'patients' and the plotting of those in power. It isn't safe anymore - everyone's whispering, conspiring, doing bad, bad things that they oughtn't do. No, they oughtn't do those things because God says so. But they did those things and all the sunlight went from these halls. It turned into a dark, frightening place. The corridors aren't the same anymore, there's sin everywhere, swallowing up everyone bringing them into darkness. Everyone here stinks of it. But these halls stink the most The shadows all loom over me, threatening me, tempting me, torturing me. Gluttony, greed, lust, pride, sloth, wrath and envy all live here, in the shadows, all reaching out their bony, black fingers to try and bring me into their world, kicking and screaming all the way. They want to strip me naked, fondle my body with their filthy hands and long tongues and cut me and soak me in my own blood. I can feel it. Everything here frightens me now, the darkness, the shadow, the cobwebs, the strange sounds at night, the sin. How everyone seems to be losing control in an unholy, detestable environment, making respectable people the Devil's minions. I hate it here. But here they do them, this is where people lose their minds and souls, where all of God's little mistakes are. Day and night they live in their sin and we look after them and try to keep looking, keep checking the state of our own souls so they don't get dirty. Not like them. I hate them. I only wanted some money, a way to live, like all the other washer-women here It seemed fair, besides here they helped people get better, get clean from the stains on their minds - it seemed right. But no, I remember a priest telling me that sin breeds sin. But I was careful. I always hated those disgusting THINGS that were supposed to be people, so I didn't get involved, I waited, waited for things to change, for a time when these sinners would be cured properly. The Abbé tries, I think but he's caught up in all of this, I can smell it. I can smell it on everyone here, all reading those filthy books we oughtn't be reading, like it was a joke instead of something unholy and horrible. And breaking all our rules - I don't break rules, why should anyone else? They're all there for a reason, but some people have to silly things, have to break every rule in the book, has to be a wicked thing that God'll send to hell. Like Madeline opening the door for the Marquis and letting him out - something's going on there...I know that. Why does she do those bad things? It'll only bring more bad things, ever since she came here, she's been bringing bad things to all of us, knock after knock of her sins, the little witch! The whore! She used to be pure and virtuous like me, a good girl that only wanted some money to survive and take care of her family. This place, this evil changed her. Soon she started having ideas of her own and thinking, planning. And she speaks of things it isn't right to speak of, I can't read so I don't know much about the Holy Book, but I've been taught what's godly and what's not and who the saints are and who the sinners are. And I know that what Madeline is doing is wrong, consorting with madmen, fooling with our dear Abbé. That's how it is with all the pretty things, more corrupt than Jezebel. If only she paid as much attention to the state of her soul as she did to the state of her pretty little face. Now she's the bad one, the black sheep in our flock, I saw her open that door, I saw her, and if she's not a careful girl she'll burn in hell for her sins, and the sins she brought upon the rest of us too. She's the one that started all this sin here, cursed us all with her bad, made us unclean, just like Eve. But I didn't say anything; I let her pay for her crime, like she should, like all people should. It might've hurt her, but it's better than hell with the fire and pain and gnashing of teeth - after all, she's the bad one, the one that started all this with the Marquis, turning everyone here into characters from his horrible books. And she gets away with it; she gets away with her crime because she corrupted Abbé with her pretty face and ripe body! I know she did. She laughs too, whilst sharing her body with several different men and the Devil himself, I'll bet on that. All the men give her - the corrupt whore, all their attention and leave the good, pure, sinless women like me on the shelf like an unwanted rag doll. Women like me suffer because she flaunts her full breasts in the face of every man she sees regardless of whether he's a priest or a lunatic! Has she no shame? Will an eternity in Hell as the Devil's concubine bring her shame? It must, for if she feels shame I can forgive her. I can forgive her for being a filthy whore and show her the light of my own virtue. She will finally see how superior I am to her. I walk a little faster, with a little spring in my step at that thought, savouring it with an almost unholy pleasure. She's a bad, wicked thing and I'm a perfect, good girl. But who should I see run in front of me bounding like a wild thing down the smooth granite halls to her own room with tear-filled eyes but Madeline! She doesn't have my troubles - why is she out of her room so late? I avert my eyes to the running crying figure and continue to walk my own calculated pace, my eyes darting to the ceiling and the curves of the stone walls, what evil have they done now? \"Madeline!\" a fiercely passionate whisper charged with love and thick with emotion shatters the silence around me. The Abbé's voice. From his bedchamber! Calling her back to him! I turn slowly to face him, to confirm or deny my suspicion about the two of them...living in sin. He isn't properly dressed. His eyes go wide in shock and horror with the realisation of his mistake as if I was some disgusting monster. He stumbles back, in shame, hoping I didn't notice - does he think I'm an idiot? I noticed. I know what's going on between the two of them. I send him a look - a dark, condescending look to let him know that I saw. I know. I send him conflict in one look, in my smouldering eyes. I know their little secret. But I do nothing. I let him stumble back in silent fear, knowing that I saw his little indiscretion, that he'll keep my fixed gaze that focused so painfully tight on him to the grave. Madeline doesn't know he wanted her back, that he was going to invite her into his bed, but I do. I know. I can't erase what I saw. * * * * * So what does everyone think? Strange little thing isn't it? I'm not sure how I feel about it, maybe I'll take it down and revise it for later - any thoughts on this? Comments? Crits? Anything? Anyway, bye and thanks for your patience! ^_^ ","Summary":" What I Saw Ack, my first bash at 'Quills' fanfiction...I adore that film, it got to me (probably be"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Elusive Love","Author":"Sadeness","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/266824","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Elusive Love ","Summary":" Elusive Love"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"The key","Author":"monkeycrackmary","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/299338","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The key A Quills fanfiction by Mary Borsellino © 26 February 2001 Warning: this contains big glompy spoilers. If you haven't seen the movie, don't read it. *** A man of God, asking the devil for help? Absurd, surely. Madness. Ah, but he knew about madness, and he knew about evil. And he needed the help, so he asked. He met the Morningstar in his dreams. He lived for dreams, now, because that's where he could find them again. In the waking world he was lost, alone and lonely and without logic, but when his body was at rest his brain would fly away from this mortal coil and join up again with the ones who mattered. A holy trinity of sorts, without the holy. He slept a lot now, because when he slept Maddy would smooth his hair with her cool, rough palm, and kiss him lightly, and tell him she loved him. Sometimes he would hurt her, but she deserved it, he knew she did, he'd tell her that through his sobbing. His Maddy, his beautiful Maddy, had left him alone. She had to pay, for that. But even when he hurt her, she still smoothed his hair with her palm and loved him. In his dreams he would drink wine that came from a bride's stomach and talk on the nature of evil and art, just as he had once, when they'd been happy in their way, which wasn't happy at all if he was being honest with himself. But dreams don't have to tell the truth, and when he was sitting and laughing and talking and enjoying the never-dull company of his most infamous patient, he achieved a kind of peace that had left him in the hours he was not asleep. He felt as if they'd all forsaken him. Maddy, Sade, God. All gone. Everything that had ever mattered. Everything he'd ever loved, ripped away from him with such force that it stole his reason. So he found Lucifer, because he knew that the devil would be somewhere in his mind, because he was so ripe for temptation. And he stood before the devil and begged for some key to reach them when he was awake, and offered his soul up as payment. The devil smiled, and it was a smile he recognised. Satan smiled and said that he'd already given up his soul, didn't he realise? And he answered yes, I suppose I did know, I have nothing to bargain with you in that case. The Adversary told him not to be so hasty in leaving, that perhaps there was some key he could be given for his trouble. The devil handed him a quill. And the Abbe de Coulmier laughed. *** ","Summary":" The key A Quills fanfiction by Mary Borsellino © 26 February 2001 Warning: this contains big glompy"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Well Oiled Conversation","Author":"Sadeness","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/266830","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Well Oiled Conversation ","Summary":" Well Oiled Conversation"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Visitor","Author":"Furious Angel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/363384","Passage":"[Chapter 1] N.B: Not quite as long as my other story, so don't be expecting chapters ;-) Just a short little scene between the Marquis de Sade and his wife, Reneé Pelagie. Charenton was never the friendliest of buildings upon first impressions. The stone walls loomed high above any visitors that dared go beyond the wrought iron gates, long trails of ivy clambering the walls and peeking into the lower windows. The sky- which seemed to promise rain- swirled threateningly about the turrets, the heavy charcoal clouds intermingling with the wispy white ones and chasing them away. Almost upon command, a few colossal drops of rain splattered onto the ground, causing the inmates that loitered vacantly in the gardens to scuttle inside. The raindrops dashed against the small, murky windows of Reneé's carriage, distorting her view of the building. They fell with an angled persistence, beating the glass like the ends of a flog. Reneé back away from the window, clasping her cape protectively at her throat. Her other hand tightened its grip upon the leather pouch nestled in her lap. It contained the usual fare- the embarrassingly crude toys that the Marquis ordered her to bring, a few chocolates and truffles that she had purchased, and a stack of parchments and a quill. She often wondered why she visited her husband with such dedication- he had only recently humiliated beyond belief with his latest play. The way she had heard the laughter, shameful and scorning, felt all of the eyes in the room fall upon her…she had fled home in tears that night. \"Madame…\" The coachman's voice interrupted Renee's thoughts, and with a fleeting and somewhat pinched smile, she took his hand and stepped out of the coach. She pulled the pouch to her chest, even though she was full aware that everyone within Charenton knew what she was bestowing upon her husband. She saw the smirks of the inmates, heard the giggles of the chambermaids. And most of the time, he wasn't even appreciative… The Marquis de Sade had been quite contented that afternoon. His meal was of exceptional quality today, he had been the recipient of quite a bout of inspiration, and Madeleine was with him. What more could a man ask? He poured two glasses of wine, pushing one of them towards Madeleine. He watched as her slender fingers encircled the stem, as she lifted the glass to her lips and took a generous swallow. The Marquis took a sip from his own glass, and set it down with cautious care. In one smooth movement, he slunk into his chair, a thought creasing his features. \"Madeleine, you must ask our darling Francois to purchase a different wine. This one is positively rancid.\" Madeleine glanced at her glass, her lower lip pouting in consideration. \"It's not so bad. And if you mean *Abbe*, then I do not think that he'll be eager to ply you with any more luxuries.\" There was a smile in her voice. De Sade feigned offence and splayed a hand across his chest. \"You cut me to the bone, coquette. All I ask for is a better wine to sip at, is that such an awkward request?\" Madeleine went to answer, but the sound of a key rattling at the door halted her tongue. Her eyes immediately darted to the keyhole, wondering who would be so eager to speak to the Marquis. To her surprise, the door swung open to reveal the Abbe de Coulmier, disapproval shimmering quite evidently in his green eyes. To his eternal credit, however, he didn't say a word against Madeleine's presence. \"Marquis, there's someone here to see you.\" Reneé stepped from behind the Abbe, her downcast eyes slowly rising to meet her husband's. Their gazes locked with a burning acknowledgement, and with a barely contained scowl the Marquis turned away and waved a dismissive hand. \"Please leave, Mademoiselle LeClerc. I assume that my wife wants to speak with me in private, per usual.\" Madeleine nodded and scuttled from the chambers, preparing herself for the warning Coulmier was about to give her. Shutting the door behind them, the Marquise dropped the pouch onto the small table near her husband. She pulled her hood off her head and unlaced her cape, draping it over a chair. \"I see that you're entertaining visitors again. That girl is often seen in your quarters, is she not?\" The Marquis relished in the jealousy that coated Reneé's voice. He raised his eyebrows, shrugging his shoulders nonchalantly. \"Madeleine does attend my quarters quite often, yes,\" he purred, walking a circle around his wife, \"such a comely girl. Quite obliging to my demands, too.\" Reneé flinched visibly, icicles forming on her veins. She clenched her jaw and tried to maintain her calmness. \"I heard that one of the rules was not to allow visitors, Donatien. Why should such laws be adjusted especially for yourself?\" Letting one hand snake around his wife's neck, the Marquis tensed his grip slightly, causing her to jolt. \"I do not have many visitors, darling. So whenever one does kindly grace me with her presence, I make it my aim to make her feel comfortable. And anyway,\" he continued, traces of venom sharpening his voice, \"Madeleine is such a special girl.\" He splayed his hand over his wife's chest, her cheeks reddening at such a sudden, vulgar touch, \"Curves that the gods themselves would envy, and such a mind…\" Suddenly, the Marquis tilted Reneé's head back and pressed his lips to her ear, hissing cruelly. \"And the most important thing…the most welcoming mouth a man would ever have the extreme pleasure to encounter.\" Reneé wrenched herself away from the Marquis, picking the pouch up from the table and hurling it unceremoniously at him. All it resulted in was an infuriating smirk spreading across de Sade's face, eyes glittering dangerously. The Marquise had to struggle to hold back the hot tears that pricked at her eyes. \"How dare you! Not only do you disregard me, but you take advantage of a young girl! Or is she a prostitute, Donatien, tell me that!\" This blatant insult against Madeleine angered the Marquis. He kicked at the ornaments that were now scattered on the floor, the quill landing a small distance away from him. He picked it up, waving it at his wife. \"This is my salvation. So don't go fooling your sorry self into thinking that your visits to me lift my mood. They do quite the opposite! You have no idea how my mood darkens as soon as your carriage rolls up the path, complete with your ever-generous gifts that you bring me. They are of no amusement to me, and neither are you, so I demand that you leave.\" He raised his chin haughtily, looking down at his wife. \"And no, Madeleine is not a prostitute. She need not flaunt her body to get attention. She naturally achieves the longing looks of many a gentleman without having to parade the streets- unlike some,\" he sneered. Reneé snatched her cape from the chair and hastily wrapped it around herself. \"I have no idea why you do this to me. Me, of all people! I have stood by you throughout your notoriety, the scandals, the rumours. And this is how you repay me. Honestly, how can one man be so selfish?\" \"When one has such an asinine bride one cannot help but be selfish!\" With that, Reneé slapped the Marquis, hard. Before she could even catch her breath, the back of his hand met her own face. She stumbled backwards, verging on falling, but she kept her balance and cradled her stinging cheek. To her complete and utter shame, silent tears rolled down her face, and her voice was cracked with emotion. \"I hope you're happy here. I hope you settle in amongst the other madmen, those that cannot distinguish between right and wrong. You know, I'm glad that I didn't put you in prison. You are a madman, Marquis, and I hope that you suffer for your crimes!\" \"Oh for fuck's sake, woman! You know nothing of what it is like here, and before you pass judgement upon the fellow inmates, let me remind you that it is easier to get a decent conversation out of them than it is you.\" With a twisted cry that escaped her throat, Reneé stormed out of the Marquis' quarters, leaving him to seethe. As soon as she opened the door, Madeleine practically tumbled into the room. She stepped back suddenly, eyes facing the floor. \"'Scuse me…\" Reneé turned to face her, pulling her hood over her head. She looked at the girl with a mixture of jealousy and compassion. \"Madeleine, please do not get seduced by my husband's charms. Nothing comes of it.\" With that, she silently turned and hurried down the corridor, trying to ignore the tactless curiosity and insistent stares of the inmates. She sighed with relief as soon as she saw her carriage waiting obligingly outside, and with the anonymity of a shadow she swept into the coach, blurting a rushed \"please hurry\" before she covered her mouth with her hand, stifling one of many sobs that would accompany her to her bed that night. ","Summary":" N.B: Not quite as long as my other story, so don't be expecting chapters ;-) Just a short little sc"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Interations 114 - 172 - Come Find Me","Author":"Darkpenn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12179948","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Iterations #114 - #172 – Come Find Me In the depths of disaster, a thread of hope There were dropships everywhere, damaged, out of control, on fire, a lucky few managing to turn for home but more of them exploding in mid-air or ploughing into the unforgiving beach. But he was looking for a particular one, one with a distinctive painted nose, like the toothy grin of a T-Rex skull. He almost smiled when he thought that that had been one of his ideas, years ago – how many? He didn't know – when he worked in PR, when he was still part of the real world. He saw it: it was in trouble, spiralling into a crash landing. He dived into a hole as it skidded past, taking out a dozen soldiers before it ground to a halt. And from the gash in its side came a squad of soldiers, big guys with big guns, already firing at the mimics spinning out of the sand. And then there was Rita Vrataski, red slash markings on her jacket, already swinging that chopper-rotor sword and traversing the angel-wing guns. Born to kill. Full Metal – And then she got taken out. He shouted \"Incoming!\" as he launched himself at her, knocking her down and out of the way of the danger. But he took something in the chest, he could feel the blood flowing, and she was telling him there was a hole there. And then she ... wait, could she be ... ? \"Hey, did you just take my ... my battery?\" he said. But she was already walking away. And a mimic was squirming towards him, and he couldn't even move. Damn, she took his battery! What a bitch! He heard himself say: \"Holy f – \" This time he got there earlier, even though it meant knowing that Kimble would be mashed flat. It took him several tries: that burst of flame got him once and that damn truck ran him over in no fewer than five iterations. But eventually he got there in time, and knocked her back into the interior of the crashed dropship. He realised, the first time he did that, that he had no idea what he was hoping to achieve. There was only a vague plan in his mind that she might be able to call for an evacuation. Somehow, the mimics had known they were coming. A quarter of the UDF army, maybe more, had been slaughtered in the air or had not made it out of the shallows. The helicopter gunships that had been meant to provide covering fire had been knocked out of the sky by the energy bolts – or whatever they were – of the mimics. The invasion had failed. Maybe what was left could be salvaged. But even if he was able to get to a radio he knew that he would be the last person that General Brigham would listen to. There was a possibility, though, that he would listen to Vrataski, Angel of Verdun, his most decorated soldier. A slim possibility. Very slim. \"You have to call for an evacuation!\" he shouted to her. Her response: \"Get off me!\" And then a mimic hit them, tearing through the roof of the dropship. He rolled off her, and shouted: \"You have to call for an evacuation!\" He lifted his gun, trying to guess where the mimic was. He guessed wrong. He rolled off her, and shouted: \"You have to call for an evacuation!\" He lifted his gun, trying to guess where the mimic was. He hit it. \"What?\" she said. \"Who the fuck are you!?\" \"We're getting slaughtered,\" he said. \"You have to radio the General, call for an evacuation force.\" She looked out at the beach, saw what was happening. \"Two problems, arsehole,\" she said. \"First, no working radio. Second, no evacuation force. This invasion was all-or-nothing. No reserves, no back-up.\" And then another mimic came in from the side. He fired at the mimic on the roof, and it screamed as the bullets tore into it. It tried to evade but he knew where it was going to go. \"You have to get what's left of the army organised!\" he said. \"You're the only one that can do it! They'll listen to you!\" He put a grenade into the one coming up from the side. She stared. Then she hauled herself up, grabbed her sword. She ran outside and into a pack of mimics. She was in the air, swinging, smashing the blade into the heart of one while she fired a rocket into another. Cage had seen it before but every time he was impressed. He took out a mimic that was coming up behind her. And then the dropship exp – He took out a mimic that was coming up behind her and then ran, pushing her away from the imminent explosion. They made it to the relative safety of a ditch. They paused to reload. \"How did you get to be so good at this?\" she said, staring at him. He had the feeling that she was not just making casual conversation. \"You in the Special Forces?\" \"No, I used to be in Army Media Relations,\" he said. \"How about you?\" \"Me?\" she said. \"I used to work in a supermarket. Tesco. Stacking shelves. I was ... nothing.\" \"Then how did you get to be the Angel of Verdun?\" She stared again. She started to say: \"This isn't the first – \" And then a tentacle speared through her. And another mimic was coming at him. They made it to the relative safety of a different ditch, and again paused to reload. \"You need to get everyone that's left organised ,\" he said. \"They know you, they'll listen to you, maybe we can make a stand behind those wrecked hovercrafts over there, set up a strongpoint.\" She looked around. There wasn't much left to organise. There was a whistling sound. And then the energy bolt hit them. Okay, so trying to take cover in a ditch, any ditch, was not going to work. Back to the dropship. He slammed into her, knocking her down. \"I'm sorry, I'm trying to save you,\" he said, lifting his gun and firing at the ceiling. The mimic there screamed. \"You have to get us off this beach.\" On his right, grenade. \"We have to go, this dropship is about to explode,\" he said, as they both struggled to their feet. \"We have to go now.\" They made it to the hole in the side. \"Wait,\" he said. Another mimic came leaping at them, but he was ready and gave it a full blast. It leaped onto the roof of the dropship. Rita watched as this guy – he hadn't said his name – jumped through the gash in the hull and turned, continuing to fire at the mimic until it went down. He finished it off with a grenade. \"Come on!\" he said. And then she knew. \"Come on!\" he said again. \"This ship is going to explode.\" She stopped, staring at him. She threw her sword down. She started to say something. He wasn't close enough to hear it. She threw her sword down. \"What are you doing!?\" he said. He took a few steps back towards her. \"Find me – \" Explosion. \" – when you – \" \"What!?\" He pushed her out of the dropship, onto the beach. He ran past her, firing at a mimic. He turned back to her, to see her throwing her sword down. He took a few steps towards her. She said: \"Find me. When you wake up.\" \"What!?\" \"Come find me. When you wake up.\" The ship exploded, an obliterating ball of fire. \"On your feet, maggot!\" He saw the bus pass. Saw her face. Come find me. END ","Summary":" Iterations #114 - #172 – Come Find Me In the depths of disaster, a thread of hope There were dropsh"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Desolate Sky","Author":"jazzpha","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10967413","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Desolate Sky \" Meet us at the farmhouse. We need to talk, Cage.\" Major William Cage woke up at the beginning of his newly-reset day with a shock he hadn't experienced in a few hundred awakenings. The voice he'd heard in the vision of the Omega had been new, unfamiliar—and yet some part of him felt aching familiarity with the presence. The words were gnawing at the back of his mind as he went through the motions to meet Rita again, but he kept the revelation about the voice to himself until he was standing in the room with both Rita and Dr. Carter. \"Rita, when you started having the visions of the Omega at Verdun, did you ever…\" he hesitated, not quite sure how to phrase the sensation. \"Hear anything?\" \"Hear anything?\" Rita repeated, arching a skeptical eyebrow. \"In what way?\" \"Like… voices. Speaking English.\" Rita paused, frowning for a long moment. \"No,\" she said at last, drawing the word out for half a beat longer than necessary while she looked hard at Cage. \"I didn't. What did it say to you?\" \"It said that it wanted to talk,\" Cage answered, and Rita's skeptical look returned in force. \"You almost sound like you're thinking about doing what it wants,\" she said, more nervous than angry. \"I didn't say that,\" Cage replied, his voice calm. \"But it knows where we're going to wind up, Rita. After the beach—it knows where we'll be headed after that. I don't think we'll be able to avoid doing what the Omega wants, no matter what we do… assuming that voice even was the Omega, that is,\" he finished, sighing. \"Maybe I am just finally going crazy, after all.\" \"That's something we can't afford,\" Rita said, stoic once more as she looked at Cage. \"Focus, Cage. We have to get through that beach in one piece. Once that's done, we can figure out what to do next.\" Cage nodded, taking a deep breath and trying to force the eerie words from his mind. A few hours later, the pair of soldiers was on the beach and preparing for what Cage knew, and Rita assumed, would be a horrific slaughter. As the battle progressed, however, the two of them realized that the Mimics seemed to be consciously skirting them on the battlefield, attacking only when directly provoked. It wasn't long before Rita and Cage had crested the hill at the end of the beach, looking out towards the horizon towards where Cage knew the farmhouse awaited them at Lyon. \" The day draws on, Cage,\" the voice from his vision spoke in Cage's head, this time directly into the core of his waking mind. \"Time does the same.\" He must have reacted to the intrusion physically, because the next thing he heard was Rita's concerned voice. \"You all right, Cage?\" \"I'll be fine,\" he said distractedly, shaking his head slightly in a vain attempt to clear it. \"Let's go.\" \"Towards where the Omega—or whatever the hell that thing is—wants us to go?\" \"It's the only choice we have,\" Cage answered, steeling his voice with the commanding tone he'd developed over hundreds of deaths on the battlefield. \"Like it or not, there's no way to get to the dam where the Omega is without a helicopter, and the only helicopter even remotely close to us with a fuel supply is the one in that farmhouse.\" Rita grit her teeth, but nodded in the end. As uneasy as the idea of heading right into the Mimics' hands made her, Cage's words had the uncomfortably unmistakable ring of truth to them. The same ring that her own words had held in Verdun, when she'd convinced Hendricks to follow her into the jaws of death over and over and over again. Shoving those old memories from her mind, she got up and began walking towards where Cage had told her a van would be waiting for them to drive to the farmhouse. \"How many times have you died?\" Rita asked Cage as they drove, surprising him by being the one to speak first this time. Maybe the Omega asserting itself through Cage had shaken her up more than she was willing to show him… but if that really was the case, then Cage completely understood. \"I stopped counting a while back,\" he admitted, giving a small shrug. \"But it feels like I'm about to hit the thousand mark. How about you?\" \"I stopped counting, too,\" Rita said, sadness on the edges of her voice. \"How're holding up? Besides the voice in your head, that is.\" Cage looked over at her, a question in his eyes. Rita sighed. \"Look, all I'm saying is that I went to some pretty dark places during the Verdun campaign,\" she explained. \"If you crack before we find the Omega, humanity's chances of winning the war are gone.\" \"So as long as I wait to go insane until after we take out the Omega, we're good?\" Cage joked, but the grimace on Rita's face that followed told him the humor hadn't quite made it across. \"Sorry,\" he apologized. \"Thanks, Rita. It means a lot. And don't worry, I'll be fine. I'm already having visions in my head, I doubt a voice will make that much of a difference,\" he finished with a smile, glad to see the tension in Rita's shoulders at least relax slightly. Then she seemed to remember something, and the tension returned worse than before. \"I forgot to detach the trailer,\" she said lowly, and Cage tensed himself as he looked over his shoulder and braced for one final gunfight before the farmhouse. \"What the hell…?\" he vaguely heard Rita breathe next to him, shocked. \"Cage, look at this.\" He turned back around, and came face-to-face with something he'd never seen before. A long row of Mimics lined the road on each side of the van, orange-yellow grunts standing in perfect, unnerving formation along the pavement. Cage and Rita saw the row was at least three columns deep, more than enough Mimics to bury them both. \" Do not be alarmed,\" the voice spoke into Cage's head, louder than ever now. \"We just had to limit the likelihood of statistical improbabilities from occurring.\" Cage groaned, leaning forward and clutching a hand to his forehead. \"We're almost there,\" he grit out, cutting off any words of concern Rita might have been thinking about voicing. \"Keep driving.\" The Mimics were present all the way up to the farmhouse, where a pair of Alphas stood guard in front of the door. Rita and Cage got out of the van and waited, hands on their weapons and ready to draw. But the Alphas just glared at them, the twitches in their muscles only interpretable as annoyance. The two humans took a few hesitant steps forward, and the two Alphas slid smoothly to the side to allow them entrance. Rita took point, shouldering the door open with a crack of splintering wood and stepping into the farmhouse. \"You have arrived,\" a voice said from several paces across the room, sounding oddly human, and yet inhuman at the same time. \"Good. We may begin.\" Cage entered behind Rita, a prickling feeling moving along his skin in a wave as he recognized the voice matching the one that had been in his head earlier. Who the voice belonged to, however, looked nothing at all like anything either Cage or Rita had expected. Apart from its totally-black eyes, the figure sitting in a chair on the other side of the room looked almost completely human. Its hair was as black as its eyes, and it wore what looked like a high-ranking official's military uniform. What was visible of its skin was pale, as if it had almost never seen the sun—the only clue apart from its eyes and the strange cut of its uniform that the being in question wasn't human. Its features were androgynous, as if the coin-flip to determine its gender had resulted in the coin landing on its edge. It was also flanked by two Alphas, who stared at the humans with predatory fixation. \"Please,\" the figure said calmly, motioning to a nearby table and chairs Rita and Cage had completely failed to notice, \"make yourselves comfortable. We have much to discuss.\" \"I don't think so,\" Rita said, almost completely masking her fear with anger. \"Tell us what you are, and what's going on here.\" The being nodded, its face expressionless. \"The desire for explanation as a precursor to trust,\" it said. \"Understandable. All we wish is to speak freely, without the threat of violence disrupting us. \"If that were not our intention,\" the figure continued, its voice still perfectly calm, \"you would be bleeding out on the floor right now.\" \"Fair enough,\" Cage joined in a moment later, \"but that still doesn't answer the other question. What are you?\" The figure rose to its feet, causing the two Alphas near it to twitch reflexively. But the uniformed figure raised its hand, almost soothingly, and the Alphas relented. \"You could say that this construct is what you humans call the 'Omega',\" it said, taking a few slow steps towards the humans as it spoke, \"but that would be both correct, and also an error.\" Rita drew her sidearm instinctively, resulting in the Alphas roaring and springing forward. \"No,\" the figure said, its voice never rising even as its tone became more severe. The Alphas stopped dead in their tracks, looking at the figure with expressions that were almost questioning. \"If you try to kill this construct, Rita Vrataski,\" the figure said, \"no single shot will accomplish this. And after that shot, both yourself and William Cage will be surrounded, attacked and left to bleed to death. Once that is done,\" the figure continued, its black eyes pools of unreadable darkness, \"We will conquer what remains of your race and take this planet for ourselves, in preparation for what is to come.\" \"Rita,\" Cage said, reaching over and placing his hand over hers, \"we should at least hear it out. We're probably dead either way, but any information at all is something we can use.\" Rita said nothing, gritting her teeth as the muscles in her hands clenched involuntarily in their grip on her pistol. \"Rita,\" Cage added imploringly, \"please. Just trust me on this.\" Something in his voice caused a small crack in her determination, and Rita felt her hand lowering. She wondered how many times he had watched her die, what had happened in previous loops to cause him to sound like that. After all, he had been given hundreds of days to get to know her—it was an emotional disconnect Rita knew all-too-well from her own time in Verdun. She put her pistol back in its holster and sighed. \"Talk.\" \"After you sit down,\" the strange figure said, its voice ever so slightly insistent. \"It will help to put the Alphas at ease. A few of us are—however unnecessarily—concerned for our safety.\" \"I thought they couldn't think independently of the Omega,\" Cage said as he sat down at the square table, across from Rita. The figure sat on a third side, between them. \"Think of it as an involuntary response, if you must,\" the figure replied. \"An instinctive desire to protect part of itself.\" An uneasy silence settled over the table, lasting for several moments until Rita broke it with a question. \"You said you were the Omega,\" she said, \"but also that you weren't. What did you mean by that?\" \"This construct is a piece of the 'Omega's consciousness,\" the figure explained. \"A second form created and fashioned into your species' image to allow for direct conversation. Part of a greater whole, independent and dependent simultaneously.\" \"Which is why you said killing you wouldn't do anything,\" Cage said, understanding dawning on him. \"You can't actually be killed.\" \"Correct,\" the figure said, with a small smile that was just forced enough to seem inhuman and unnatural. \"All that would result from combat at this point would be your deaths, and the end of your species.\" \"Yeah, you've mentioned that,\" Rita rejoined, frowning. \"Let's get to the important things, shall we?\" The figure nodded. \"Impatience. Again, understandable, given the wound in your shoulder.\" Rita's eyes widened in a rare display of open shock. \"How did you—?\" \"The Alphas can smell blood quite proficiently,\" the figure cut her off, its smile gone. \"If you wish to see to it, we can wait. It is important your mind be clear.\" \"No, thanks,\" Rita shot back, recovering her balance with a sharp tone. \"I'll live.\" The figure nodded. \"Very well,\" it said, before looking ahead at the wall and continuing. \"You might think that we live simply to consume, and destroy,\" it said. \"A perception this construct can understand, however incorrect it might be. We are not some mindless horde. We are a vanguard.\" \"A vanguard for what?\" Cage prompted after the figure remained quiet for some time, his unease steadily growing. If the Mimics were just some kind of advance force, that meant they were under orders. Which was something even more horrifying than the existence of the Mimics themselves. \"A vanguard for those who created us,\" the figure explained a few moments later, shifting its head to gaze up at the roof, and through a hole in it towards the sky. \"We are weapons, William Cage, much like you and Rita Vrataski. The 'tip of the spear', as one of your kind said. Our purpose is to ensure an easy entrance onto occupied planets for those we serve.\" \"And what does that have to do with us?\" Rita pushed, irritated. \"If you have orders to follow, why are we sitting here like this?\" The figure was silent again, its eyes not moving from the sky. Eventually it spoke again, and something like sadness crept into its words. \"I have reason to believe we have been abandoned,\" it said. \"I look to the stars for word, and they say nothing. Their light is dark, their voices silent. I can only infer that they are displeased with our progress. That we have failed them. They have forsaken us, and soon we will pay the price for our mistakes.\" \"How, exactly?\" Cage asked, not liking where this conversation was going. \"Annihilation?\" \"Correct,\" the figure answered, its head finally moving back down to look Cage in the eyes. \"Just as I have looked into your mind, Cage, so you have perceived a shadow of mine. Our masters will purge us from existence. They have no use for us, and no use for the planet we have failed to conquer. Their… I believe you humans call it 'pride'… will not allow them to tolerate this. We will simply cease to exist, and all memory of us will be erased from the archives of our masters.\" The humans were silent once more in the wake of this declaration, struggling to comprehend what this meant for the rest of the human race. If the fragment of the Omega was to be believed, an enemy that had almost destroyed them was nothing more than the tip of a very large, very angry iceberg. \"I really hope,\" Rita said at last, \"that this isn't going to wind up being some kind of diplomatic proposition. There's no way in hell I'd ever want to do anything other than kill you.\" The figure winced, as if recalling something unpleasant in the deep recesses of its memory that it had not confronted for some time. \"We took much from you, Rita Vrataski,\" it said. \"There is no way to pretend otherwise, and doing so would be unproductive. Your pain is… relatable,\" the figure continued, pausing for a moment before finding the right word. \"We, too, have lost many of our own kind in our wars across the stars. We assumed your entire people would be militarized, as are our masters. But it was not so,\" the figure finished, lowering its head. \"If you will not ally with us, then it seems we have no choice but to wait for the end. It is… regrettable.\" \"Why come to us now?\" Cage asked. \"Why not hundreds of loops ago, before your superiors thought you'd screwed this whole thing up? Why did you wait?\" \"Because although our platoon had suffered casualties before, we had never been defeated in battle,\" the figure answered. \"It was statistically improbable, to the point of being almost impossible. But you—humanity—managed to do something that no other race we had yet faced was able to do. \"You had not one, but two, of your warriors linked, however accidentally, into our mind.\" The figure paused to take a breath, seeming more and more human with each passing moment. \"One link through an Alpha's blood had happened before, on other planets, among other stars. It was not unknown to us. But two, on the same planet, created a unique set of parameters. Victory became less and less of a statistical certainty. But we could not run. We could not abandon the field. And so we fought on, dying again and again, just as you do,\" the figure continued, looking to Cage. \"Until, after a recent loop, I was forced to admit that the odds of our victory were slim to the point where it was now our defeat which seemed unavoidable.\" \"So, what you're saying is that you want to work with us because you're a coward who's afraid to die?\" Rita asked, smiling cuttingly. \"That's almost actually funny.\" \"We do not experience cowardice,\" the figure said, its voice returning to an even calm. \"There is only probability. Cause, and effect. I saw no point in continuing to die for a cause that we could not win. So I sent word to our masters for extraction, and heard nothing.\" \"Okay, here's what I don't understand,\" Cage broke back in, hoping to keep Rita from doing something they might both regret. \"Why even ally with us in the first place? If we only came close to beating you—or would have eventually beaten you, whatever—because of a fluke, what makes you think we have any chance of winning against the people who you think you have no chance against?\" The figure smiled, appearing more genuine this time. Cage wondered idly if the alien's increasing humanization was a result of its mental link with him, and then quickly decided not to think about that anymore before he risked going even crazier. \"Because my masters have never fought a species like you,\" the figure said. \"If you can defeat us, you may be able to defeat them. A race with the ability to defy probability itself should not— cannot —be underestimated.\" The emotion in the figure's voice was now more apparent than ever, and Rita noticed for the first time that its appearance was changing slightly as well, the tone of its skin growing darker to match the color of actual human flesh. Its eyes also shifted, becoming white with bright green irises, and the only visible black being in its pupil. \"If we refuse to work with you,\" Rita said, \"do you think we'd still be able to win?\" The figure shook its head. \"Without our help, you will die. Their technology makes yours look laughably primitive. But without your… unorthodox… way of thinking, there is nothing we would be able to do against our masters. Even without a means to control time as I do, they can still predict our movements.\" \"They can't control time?\" Cage asked, confused. \"Then what's the problem? That should be more than enough to beat them!\" The figure sighed, its eyes melancholic. \"Comparing my abilities with theirs is similar to comparing a human slingshot to Rita Vrataski's pistol.\" The three of them sat around the table in silence for several moments, each of them weighing what had been said by the others against the private thoughts of their own minds. Cage felt the link between himself and the Omega's fragment fracture, the presence of the voice in his head fading away. In the end, it was Rita who broke the silence for the last time. \"How much time do we have before your bosses get here, assuming they're coming at all?\" \"Between one and two months, depending upon how long they deliberate with regards to what sort of weapon they use to exterminate us,\" the figure answered. \"No longer than two months of your solar Earth time, however. Of that much, I am certain. Does this mean that you will agree to work with us?\" the figure added, looking almost hopeful. \"I never said that,\" Rita quickly replied, her eyes cold. \"Besides, there's absolutely no way General Brigham would ever, ever agree to an alliance, let alone the rest of the UDF, or humanity.\" \"Even if they were shown incontrovertible proof that our masters will utterly destroy them without our help?\" the figure asked. \"I can assure you, the fates of races which previously defied my masters were far, far more brutal than the war you are currently waging against myself and my army.\" \"And if the representative looked human, they could at least get through the door into Whitehall… maybe,\" Cage said, sounding more hesitant than hopeful. Rita stared at him, incredulous. \"Cage, you can't be serious!\" \"We have no other choice,\" Cage said, sounding equal parts defeated and desperate. \"Even if those are all lies, there's no way we can get out of this otherwise, Rita. If I try to reset here, this whole thing will just happen again.\" \"You don't know that for sure, Cage,\" Rita said evenly, her gaze serious. \"Reset now. We can find another way.\" \"If you choose to force a reset,\" the figure spoke up, \"I will simply pull my forces back and bolster our position against the coming enemy. You will not be able to find my root, and you will simply be forced to wait for your death to come racing down to meet you from the stars.\" Cage was quiet for several moments, and then he sighed and spoke. \"I'm only going to say this once, so listen carefully. If you try to double-cross me at any point, or attack any human whatsoever, I'm killing myself and forcing a reset. And then you can just wait to die, same as us. Understood?\" \"Cage—!\" Rita began to protest, but the figure cut her off. \"I understand,\" it said, \"and accept your terms. If I violate them at any point, you will be given time to reset. We will not stop you.\" \"Good,\" Cage said, nodding firmly. \"Then we better get started. The clock's ticking.\" … … A/N: So I saw this movie at long last, and then this happened. Couldn't keep it at bay. I hope it was enjoyable, that the characters sounded like themselves, and that you don't regret reading it! I'd love to hear what you think! - JP ","Summary":" Desolate Sky \" Meet us at the farmhouse. We need to talk, Cage.\" Major William Cage woke up at th"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"There's always a tomorrow","Author":"Ecaliber","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12173366","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Heyall' welcome to my story, hope you'd enjoy it. Disclaimer: I dont own it man. I'm just killing Cage off. Warning: Suicidal/ Suicide He can't die. He wants to. But he can't. No matter how he tries. He begged so many deities to give him the luxury of being free, but science just wouldn't let him go. He sits on the roof, the rain beating down on him with a weight as strong as a mimic's force. His legs dangled off the edge, his haphazardly thrown on shoe was about to drop. The black gun was light in his hands and warm to the touch. Stolen moments like this; dreary, wet and cold, he wished that he could just somehow stop time and savor it forever. He could already go back in time, why not take this further and stop it all completely? His sniffled in the cold. His hands were shaking but it wasn't from the fright. There was no fright in this. He had already been through death one too many times. If God asked him why he committed so many times, he'd say that it wasn't even called living at all, it was a curse. A curse that he couldn't escape. He wants to die. But he couldn't. He settled for the moments in between instead. He closes his eyes, and put the gun barrel on the side of his head. The shot rang out. He woke up again. \"Coward.\" He had this conversation with the men in the bar so many times that even he can lose count. Sometimes he explains himself, sometimes he just let their conversation flow and he doesn't put himself into the situation he was in now. \"Coward.\" Maybe he was one. Maybe that was why he was in this dingy bar waiting to die again. Maybe his feet brought him back here a hundred times because his brain made up its mind about him being a coward. He was scared stiff of the war on the beach. Sometimes he just freezes up and reality crashes down on him, and life goes on. He dies, he restarts. \"Coward.\" He purses his lips, keeps his bulk in. He takes a sip of his beer. And he walks right out of the establishment, right into the way of the Army truck. Life goes on. He dies. He restarts. \"What? Is there something on my face?\" He knew so much about her in the span of just two days and a quadrillion amount of looping, that he could possibly even call himself her soul mate. Her name was Rita Rose Vrataski. She loved training to kill mimics, it takes things off her mind. But she loved coffee with three sugars far more. She had a lover and best friend named Henryk Vilyatosvki, they made it through training together and he became her lieutenant but in the end she had to watch him die three hundred continuous times, all of which she was rendered helpless unable to save him. Her title, Angel of Verdun, was a tribute to what Henryk always called her within camp. Angel. The rest of her family of three were currently living in a trailer in Laos, her youngest brother of sixteen, Alex, stayed in England so he would be able to take care of their family dog of twelve years, Alana. She used to love eating a piece of bread and some peanut butter before starting the day but during the fight in Verdun, one of her mates that loved it too had died. And she had been watching his death loop too. He wanted to continue listing the facts about her in his head, but he couldn't because he couldn't bring himself to. He watched her die so many countless times too. And every time after she does die, he kills himself. He never had never tried to carry on the mission. He didn't bother. Every single damn time she gets killed, it kills him too. He was never free from the horror, from the pain. It was just, she's there or she's not. He looks at her. He already memorized her face. He knew every blemish on her skin like it was his own. \"Cage?\" He looked down at the gun that came with the Armor suit. He looked back up at Rita. A weight pressed down on his chest. It prevented him from speaking. He couldn't breathe properly. The gun within his hand was ready to shoot. He looked away from her, and raised the gun barrel towards himself. \"Cage?!\" He pressed the red button. Sunlight hits his eyes. \"Cage! You're not hooked in!\" It wasn't that he isn't hooked in. He is and he will always be. It's just that, he wanted to live this day once more before finally doing a job right. He breathed. In and out. Trying to keep it at bay. His heart clenched, and he pressed the release for her. She dropped a few dozen feet below with a furious shriek and he watched her as she lands on a knee. The dropship spun out of the view. He loses his balance again, and he falls to the back of the aircraft. Again. He had lived through this day for fifteen times now. This was the first time he decided to take a break. It was a short break, but it is one nonetheless. The dropship lands in the water and he lurches forward into the unknown, the light on his shoulder wasn't helping. He was calm. He just let it flow. He was falling deep into the water. The armor suit weighing him down. But he had been through into this water, four times now. The first three times were for how he got out. The suit was weighing him down. And he was perfectly fine with that. As he dies, it gives him time to think. To plan his next restart. To see what he can do. He felt the panic of drowning again, but he made no move to wade for the surface. He blacks out. And then he feels the boot kicking the bags under him. \"On your feet, Maggot.\" If he could get a penny for every single time he hears that, as long as he remembers how many times, he would be the richest man in the entire galaxy. He got on his feet fairly quickly. He took his things when they were handed to him, said his thanks, and he dropped his things onto the floor. He walked out into the road before them. The sergeant calls him back. But he preferred to be hit and rolled under by Sergeant Farrell's oncoming vehicle. He had already ruined this day by hesitating. No harm trying to loop it over again. He feels his head being crushed, and he wakes up to the sound of camp again. He just wanted to kill them all. But sometimes he felt like getting them all done quickly. Just shoot and move on. Shoot and move on. Just shoot and he moves on. Sometimes he would be able to hold it on until the entirety of his squad was dead. And other times, after he killed the Mimic that came out from underneath, someone would step on his head. Often he'd just abandon ship and he would take off instantly for Rita. Telling her what she should know, but urging her to move on instead of trying to kill him to reset the day. Sometimes he would just go to the abandoned carnival on his own and he'd just sit there by the Ferris wheel and wait it out until mimics get to him. Other times, he would get to the car and he would attempt to drive back to the mainland, where the greens were. Or he'd just go to the farm, and he would camp out in the cellar before the boredom got the better of him and he shoots himself after a few bottles. Today, today he was sitting by the Ferris wheel again. His suit was off and somewhere, he managed to acquire a bag of chips as he waited it out. The salt and tanginess of the sour cream flavored chips was heaven in his mouth. He could hear the battle somewhere off. His fingers drag across the inside of the aluminum bag, he feels it empty. He lays the bag against the stone of the Ferris wheel. He sighs, and he takes the gun that had sat beside him for an hour. He feels the tremors beneath the ground as mimics get closer and closer to this carnival. He puts the barrel by the side of his head. And he nonchalantly pulls the trigger. He savored the darkness before he opens his eyes to the light. Hi Hi. Hope you enjoyed it. The story generally goes along the line somewhere there until \"Cage decides\" they officially destroy the Mimics, so he's just playing God or something like that; rewinding time with his death and deciding what happens and all. I thought I'd just leave the story here unless otherwise, so you guys can think through it if you want. Leave a review or a favorite or smth, I'm not really particular about that. Thanks for reading. Duly appreciate it ;D ","Summary":" Heyall' welcome to my story, hope you'd enjoy it. Disclaimer: I dont own it man. I'm just killing C"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Iterations 301 - 412 – Two fingers","Author":"Darkpenn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12184829","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Iterations #301 - #412 – Two fingers Sometimes, the only way to play the game is to change the rules. The farmhouse. The helicopter. Rita dying. The farmhouse. The helicopter. Rita dying. The farmhouse. The helicopter. Rita dying. The farmhouse. The helicopter. Rita dying. And so on. After the first hundred or so – maybe more, who was counting – iterations from the one where he had first met Rita, he had found that he felt lighter as he walked across the training arena. There she was, doing some weird sort of exercise, all taut muscle and wired-up attitude. She was the link to what passed for reality. It was her strength, he knew, that had kept him sane, kept him moving, kept him from crawling into a bottle of bourbon and staying there forever. But there was no sense of pleasing anticipation this time. This time he felt – what? He didn't know. He only knew that he wanted to see her again. Maybe it would be the last time. \"Yes?\" she snapped as he approached her. \"Who said you could talk to me?\" He merely stared. For a determinedly unattractive woman, she seemed so beautiful. \"Have I got something on my face, soldier?\" she said. There was only one way to go. He knew he could not face her death again. \"I'm sorry to disturb you, Sergeant,\" he said. Then he turned and walked away, knowing that he would never do this particular iteration again. \"What do you mean, I didn't go with you to Künera Dam?\" said Rita. She, Cage and Carter were in the Weapons Repair room. Carter was holding two fingers behind his back. \"You mean, I was killed at the farmhouse you mentioned, and you went on alone, is that it?\" \"No,\" said Cage. \"I mean that ... we never linked up. I hit the beach, I went through the battle, I found the car, I went on, I went to the dam.\" \"How many fingers – \" said Carter. \"Shut up, Jeremy,\" said Cage. He suddenly realised why it had been so easy for him to kill the mimics at the farmhouse. They had been pawns that the Omega had sacrificed to get him to Künera Dam. A trap, subtle and complex. He had only managed to escape from the Alpha and die through quick thinking and dumb luck. Next time, he might not be so quick or so lucky. \"But ... why ... ?\" said Rita. Cage stared at her. \"Because ... because ... because I couldn't bear to see you die again,\" he said. Rita's face darkened. \"You ... weak ... prick,\" she said, as she took out her gun. \"The Omega isn't at the Künera Dam,\" said Cage. \"My guess is, it never was. Which explains why the nuke didn't work.\" \"The what?\" said Carter. \"They knew we were coming,\" said Rita. \"They ambushed us. The visions were a trap.\" Carter looked ... confused. Understandably. This was a lot to process in the space of a few minutes. He took his two fingers from behind his back and looked at them. \"Sorry, what's the Künera Dam got to do with anything?\" he said. \"I saw it in my vision,\" said Cage. \"A couple of images, anyway. You put the clues together and told us it was the Künera Dam, in Germany, in the mountains, near the Swiss border.\" \"I did? And how did I do that?\" \"You never told me.\" \"Oh, well, this certainly saves me doing all that research. I suppose. Or does it?\" \"But the point is that we can't trust the visions,\" said Rita. \"They wanted my blood,\" said Cage. \"They want their power back.\" \"And they'll probably get it, now they know you,\" said Carter. \"The next iteration where you have to fight, you can bet there'll be an Alpha there, waiting. Check and mate.\" \"What?\" said Rita. \"Check?\" \"Game over,\" said Cage. \"Unless ... we can change the rules.\" He picked up the odd little piece of equipment from the table. \"What is this, anyway?\" Carter explained how the transponder worked. Was supposed to work. How this piece of junk didn't. How he had tried to built a prototype and had tried it explain it to General Brigham. How it had ended up in a safe in the General's office. And then Rita and Cage were leaving for Whitehall, and Carter was staring at an empty room. \"Nuke?\" he said. END ","Summary":" Iterations #301 - #412 – Two fingers Sometimes, the only way to play the game is to change the rule"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Beyond Tomorrow","Author":"Random Guise","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13222642","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Based on the movie \"Edge of Tomorrow\" (or \"Live. Die. Repeat.\" to some) and taking place in the years afterward. Beyond Tomorrow Bill Cage came to, and for a moment was disoriented. Had he just woken up from a nap? A pain shot up his left leg and he tried to rub it, only to find that his left arm was trapped. Glancing about, he found himself within a crumpled mass of metal, fabric and plastic. It flooded back to him, in such a rush his muscles jerked automatically in reaction when he remembered in a flash. Car accident. He had been driving along on a rainy day when he was startled out of his thoughts by red lights ahead. Stabbing the brake pedal hard, he had spun off the road and rolled before coming to a stop; probably down the embankment alongside the road that ran through this area. At least he wasn't being rained on at the moment, although the glass lying about spoke of some of the windows being broken. As he gathered his thoughts, more pains checked in as some of the adrenaline from the incident wore off. Although healthy before the accident, at eighty-five he was far from a young man and had some of the various and usual complaints of a person his age. He calmly assessed the situation and determined that he probably had some broken bones; tasting blood in his mouth it was possible internal injuries could be added to the list. His calm was born of a unique past shared with no one except perhaps his late wife. During the war with the alien Mimics, he had found himself reliving the same day over again after being repeatedly killed in battle. This was explained to him by fellow soldier Rita \"Rose\" Vratski that having come into contact with the blood of the Alpha version of the Mimics, both had been thrown into a loop as the alien's way of resetting the circumstances to ensure victory the next time. Consequently, Rita had come to know death of not only herself but her friend Hendricks hundreds of times; after a blood transfusion during a treatment for an injury made her lose her ability, Bill had gone through the same baptism and used her experience as a guide. In the process, it was his turn to watch Rita die untold hundreds of times (and she him) as they struggled to overcome the alien threat. After losing his ability due to a blood transfusion as well, they both undertook a last-ditch attempt and ultimately managed to kill the head alien called an Omega at the cost of both their lives. Fortunately, the act had reset time again to before the battle but with the difference that the aliens had no leader, and no chance to win. In the words of his leader, Master Sergeant Farell: Battle is the Great Redeemer. It is the fiery crucible in which true heroes are forged. The one place where all men truly share the same rank, regardless of what kind of parasitic scum they were going in. In all honesty, Bill had to admit that he wasn't the greatest human being before his battle experiences, having only fought with editing video footage. But that fiery crucible he had been thrust into time and again had taught him not only battle skills but acceptance of death, sacrifice, respect for others, and most surprising of all love. Even with these lessons, the loss of Rita after nearly forty years of marriage after the war had been the one death he found most difficult; for even marriage was a fiery crucible at times, and what they had forged was a partnership of the purest alloy of their two souls. Bill pondered all these things as a trickle of muddy water started running down his shirt from somewhere above. He had died burnt, splattered, skewered, exploded, drowned, shot, crushed and other ways that didn't even have a name. If he was finally going to leave this world by car accident, so be it. The pain would end, and he would either not be at all or someplace in a hereafter. It was out of his hands now, he thought calmly. As his thoughts drifted, he suddenly became chilled with a notion and his mind focused again. What if he wasn't going to die? No, he was badly injured and had no idea when help would arrive. He was probably a goner. But something was still there, nagging. What was it? Then he realized what it was, and he got scared for the first time in decades. The Omega. When he died in the process of killing it, time was reset. If he died now, would time be reset again? He had assumed it wouldn't, but would he find himself waking up on that RAF chopper in London again? If so, then everything would start again. He'd have Rita back. But then his parents would die again. Then his sister would disappear. The miscarriage. The twins. Friends dying. Rita lingering as her health declined. Even if he changed things, people were still going to die and something else worse might happen; he had learned sometimes you just can't change an outcome. He would be counting down the days until he lost his wife again, even if was by a different circumstance. That was if time was reset. It was almost too much to bear and he couldn't think of a way to escape his fate. Suddenly, a giggle escaped his lips. The giggle turned into a laugh, a laugh that was painful as he fought for breath in his mangled condition but a laugh that gave him sweet release. Because for the first time in nearly a lifetime he thought about it and realized he didn't really know for sure what would happen when he died, and that put him on the same footing with everyone else. It was liberating to feel truly normal, and he blacked out happy. The EMTs found him with a smile on his face. The End A/N: Even though I wanted to see this in the theaters, somehow I missed it and only got around to seeing it recently. If you're going to throw somebody into a time loop, then I'm happy that you can improve his or her character in the process. ","Summary":" A/N: Based on the movie \"Edge of Tomorrow\" (or \"Live. Die. Repeat.\" to some) and taking place i"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Iterations 261 - 270 - We Need A Favour","Author":"Darkpenn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12181781","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Iterations #261 - #270 - We Need A Favour You have to try everything once. Or, for Cage, many times. If he was the sort of person who ever showed surprise, General Brigham would have showed it when William Cage and Rita Vrataski walked into his office. \"Well, this is something of a surprise,\" he said. \"I had not expected to see you again, Major Cage. No, it's Private Cage now, isn't it. Private Cage, deserter.\" \"That was a nice touch,\" said Cage, as he sat down in the chair opposite the general. \"And seeing my most decorated soldier in your company is even more of a surprise,\" said Brigham. \"And that she is pointing a gun at me is, I suppose, somewhat odd.\" \"We need a favour,\" said Cage. Rita sat down in one of the chairs at the meeting table. She put her gun under her shirt when there was a knock at the door and General Brigham's secretary entered. She jumped in surprise when she saw Cage and Rita. \"Hi,\" said Cage to her. \"We've met before but I didn't catch your name.\" \"My ... name? It's, er, Iris.\" \"That's a lovely name. Do you have anyone in the invasion force, Iris?\" \"What? Uh, no. My son is in the military, but he's has been assigned as a liaison officer in Canberra.\" \"Iris, sit down,\" said Rita. \"Over here.\" \"Er, what?\" \"Sit down.\" Rita took the gun out. Iris glanced at the general. \"Do as they say,\" he said. \"Private Cage, you seem to be a rather different fellow to the smooth-talking parasite you were this morning.\" \"It's been a long day,\" said Cage. \"Now, about this favour.\" \"Whatever it is, the answer is no,\" said General Brigham. \"The thing is, we have come into information that indicates the location of a very special mimic,\" continued Cage. \"The head honcho, the big cheese, the one that controls all the others. We call it the Omega. It is located in a dam in Germany. Künera Dam.\" \"Up in the mountains, near the Swiss border,\" said General Brigham. \"What of it?\" \"We want you to nuke it,\" said Rita. \"With a nuke,\" said Cage. \"You control a fleet of nuclear cruise missiles.\" \"Nukes have been tried,\" said General Brigham. \"Many times. They don't work against mimics. The initial explosion takes out a few hundred, a thousand maybe, and that's it. Radiation doesn't affect them. In a few days the numbers are back to what they were before. The Russians nuked half of Poland and the total effect was zero, aside from the fact that large parts of the country are now radioactive.\" \"This one is unique,\" said Cage. \"You destroy it, it doesn't come back.\" \"No,\" said General Brigham. \"I will give no such order. You'll just have to shoot me.\" Rita shot him. \"I never liked him,\" she said. Then: re-set. \"Whatever it is, the answer is no,\" said General Brigham. \"The thing is, we have come into information that indicates the location of a very special mimic,\" continued Cage. \"The Omega, like Doctor Carter said. It is located in a dam in Germany. Künera Dam.\" \"Ah, I should have known that he was involved in this somehow. Künera Dam is up in the mountains, near the Swiss border,\" said General Brigham. \"What of it?\" \"We want you to nuke it,\" said Rita. \"You control a fleet of nuclear cruise missiles,\" said Cage. \"Yes, I know nukes have been tried before, and I know about Poland. But this is a unique one,\" said Cage. \"You destroy it, it doesn't come back.\" \"No,\" said General Brigham. \"I will give no such order. You'll just have to shoot me.\" Rita shot him. \"The thing is, we have come into information that indicates the location of a very special mimic,\" continued Cage. \"The head honcho, the big cheese, the one who controls all the others. We call it the Omega. It is located in a dam in Germany. Künera Dam.\" \"Up in the mountains, near the Swiss border,\" said General Brigham. \"What of it?\" \"We want you to nuke it,\" said Rita. \"With a cruise missile,\" said Cage. \"Yes, I know nukes have been tried before, and I know about Poland. But this is a unique one,\" said Cage. \"You destroy it, it doesn't come back.\" \"No,\" said General Brigham. \"I will give no such order. You'll just have to shoot me.\" \"Rita, don't shoot him!\" said Cage. \"I know you've never liked him ... but don't. Not again.\" \"Pardon me?\" said General Brigham. \"She's already shot you several times,\" said Cage. \"Long story. Actually, it's a short story, but on a loop.\" \"Well,\" said General Brigham, looking at Rita. \"I can almost believe it, aside from the obvious lunacy of what you are saying. I've read your file, Sergeant Vrataski. Petty crime, brushes with the law, dead-end jobs. You volunteered for the UDF because it was that or a stint in jail. I suppose even no-hopers can find a niche. And your niche is killing mimics. Even your promotion to sergeant was a sham, done for publicity purposes. Something I opposed, in fact.\" Rita shot him again. \"You volunteered for the UDF because it was that or a stint in jail,\" said General Brigham. \"I suppose even no-hopers can find a niche. And your niche is killing mimics.\" \"Rita, don't!\" said Cage. \"We need him. He's the only one who can order the missile launch.\" Rita raised her gun. \"Yes, we need you,\" she said. \"But we don't need ... her.\" She swung the gun so it was pointing towards Iris. Iris gave a gasp. \"You wouldn't,\" said General Brigham. \"You willing to bet her life on it?\" said Cage. General Brigham was silent. \"Tell me,\" said Cage. \"How many nuclear-tipped cruise missiles do you command?\" \"37.\" \"So you can afford to spare one, right? It's not like they doing much at the moment. Just lying around, really. You'd still have plenty. And you'd still have a secretary.\" \"And it will win the war,\" said Rita. \"If there is even a faint chance of that, you should take it. If there is a slim possibility of not sending a hundred thousand soldiers to their death tomorrow, I would think you would jump at it.\" \"What have you got to lose?\" said Cage. General Brigham considered. Then he turned to his computer and called up a map that showed the co-ordinates of the Künera Dam. He took a folder from his desk and looked up a series of codes. Then he made a number of telephone calls. With the last one, he read a long list of numbers and phrases from the file, and gave a series of sharp, clear orders. \"It's done,\" he said. \"So now, Sergeant Vrataski, please stop pointing that gun at my assistant.\" Rita put the gun down. General Brigham pushed a button on his desk and a panel in the wall slid back, revealing a digital map of Europe. There was a line moving from England towards southern Germany. The four of them watched it. Long minutes ticked by. Eventually, the line reached its target and stopped. \"There you are,\" said General Brigham. \"Now please get out of my office.\" \"Cage, do you feel any different?\" said Rita. \"No, I'm still in, as far as I can tell,\" said Cage. \"General, what do you think happened?\" \"What do I think happened? I think the missile exploded, exactly as it was meant to. Mind you, that is a very big dam. A great deal of reinforced concrete. Our German friends are very good at building things like that.\" \"In my vision, it was right at the bottom of ... something,\" said Cage. \"Maybe ... maybe the nuke wasn't enough.\" \"Or maybe this pompous arsehole is screwing with us,\" said Rita. \"Or maybe you are deeply and dangerously deluded, Private Cage,\" said General Brigham. \"We'll have to go there,\" muttered Cage. \"Damn.\" \"You two are going nowhere, except to the brig and then an asylum,\" said General Brigham. He stood up, taking a pistol from a drawer of his desk. Funny he didn't do that before , thought Cage. I guess he wanted to see how it played out. General Brigham pointed the gun at Cage. But it was the bullet from Rita that killed him. \"On your feet, maggot!\" END ","Summary":" Iterations #261 - #270 - We Need A Favour You have to try everything once. Or, for Cage, many times"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Iteration 299 - See you later","Author":"Darkpenn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12182513","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Iteration #299 - See you later Learning to care about someone can take a long time. A very long time. \"What's next?\" said Rita. Cage took a moment to put a burst into the mimic that Rita had just chopped into pieces – necessary, he had learned. \"A straight jog, up the hill,\" he said. Damn, it sounded easy when you put it like that. He wondered if any of J squad were still alive. Not that it, you know, mattered. In the end. A couple of dead soldiers lay near them; Cage and Rita took their ammunition although their batteries were done. This was what his life was now, thought Cage: taking what you needed, not thinking about it, moving on, not looking at the mutilated bodies anymore, shit happens, and it happens over and over again. Surprisingly, they encountered no mimics in the run up the last slope. The first time they had reached the crest and looked around, suddenly realising they were off the beach, Cage had been almost ecstatic. He had not thought it was possible. Rita had pushed him through, unrelentingly, ruthlessly. The price for this small victory had been to see her killed, again and again. Sometimes she died bravely, facing the enemy with her sword raised. Sometimes she died screaming. Sometimes ... well, she always died, was the point. Several times, he had cried to see her dead. That had surprised him: before all this he had never been much of a one for close personal connections. Cool Cage, that's what they had called him in college. It had made him very good at the career path he had chosen. Marketing, advertising, public relations: all things that required a handsome face and a calculating attitude. You know what his most successful advertising campaign had been? A line of handguns designed for teenagers. Sales had gone through the roof, he had won an award. And he had never even picked up one of the guns, or any gun. Hadn't needed to. And then the mimics came and his agency collapsed and the only company doing any hiring was the military. His most valuable contribution to the war effort had been the idea that the dropship used by the Angel of Verdun should have teeth painted on it. He'd been pretty proud of that, and it had led to some rigged-up television interviews. Which had led him to General Brigham, which had led him, in a roundabout way, to his current stunningly awful situation. Now they were sitting on the crest of the hill, looking out at the holiday resort, or what was left of it, down below. \"How many times have we been here?\" said Rita. \"This is the third,\" said Cage. \"We need a vehicle, but there's an ambush waiting for us, a whole nest of them, under that trailer on the far side. And there might be more. There are three vehicles we haven't tried yet. You see that bus? Let's go for that one. But wait a second.\" He pulled a water bottle out and took a sip. \"There's no rush. Künera Dam isn't going anywhere. We should take a rest while we can.\" Rita nodded, seeing the sense of it. She took a sip of water. \"Cage,\" she said after a while. \"Have you ever left? Said, fuck it, I'll do what I want, I'm going anywhere that isn't here, who's going to stop me. You ever do that?\" \"Not really,\" he said. \"I stole a motorbike and went to London once, but that was mainly because I needed a drink. I was there when the mimics came up the Thames. How about you?\" She stared at the collection of rusting caravans and trailers. \"No,\" she said. \"I never did.\" \"You didn't take the opportunity to drop in on your family?\" She grunted. \"That's the last thing I would do,\" she said. \"Huh. Where did you wake up?\" \"In bed, with a helluva hangover. With some bloke. Never caught his name. A snorer. Really bad. Like he'd swallowed a chainsaw.\" Cage laughed. He had never heard Rita say anything even remotely humourous before. \"And that was the day before Verdun?\" \"More or less. I tell you, I could have done without the hangover. And the bloke.\" \"How many times did you go around?\" She shrugged. \"At some point you stop counting. You?\" \"Same. Hundreds, maybe. So far.\" They began to move down the slope towards the bus. There was no sign of mimics. They reached the bus and climbed in. Rita got out of her jacket and eased herself into the driver's seat. There were no keys but Rita pulled some wires from under the dashboard and began to strip the plastic from them, intending to hot-wire the vehicle. \"Don't tell me, your dad was a bus-driver?\" said Cage. \"Car thief,\" she said. \"And general crim. Got put away for beating my mum up one too many times.\" Next time around, I won't be asking about that, thought Cage. She touched two of the exposed wires together. There was a spark. The engine spluttered, spluttered ... and then caught. And suddenly a troop of mimics erupted through the floor, from the ground below the bus. The bus began to turn over. Cage, even as he was flung from one side to the other, saw Rita take a tentacle in the chest, and another in the back at the same moment. She cried out. He was thrown down. His jacket had been damaged somehow, he couldn't get up. He couldn't even reach his gun. He prepared himself for the sensation of a tentacle ripping into him. But it didn't happen. Instead, a mimic slowly moved over to him. And stopped. As if it was looking at him. He managed to get one hand free, and reached into the pocket where he kept his last-resort grenade. He turned his head to look at Rita. Her lifeless eyes stared back at him. She was not, he suddenly thought, a particularly attractive woman. Not elegant, not classy, none of the things he had liked ... before all this. But she had become the centre of his world. She had become the only thing he had ever cared about. \"See you later, beautiful,\" he said, as he pulled the pin. END ","Summary":" Iteration #299 - See you later Learning to care about someone can take a long time. A very long tim"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Rerun Death","Author":"WriterGodz112","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11929582","Passage":"[Chapter 1] By Nick McKeever Week 1 Chapter 1:Hina I hate living in this small town of Little Hina I just hate seeing so many strangers say hello Hina like they know me. They may know my mom from like decades ago but this is the 21st century come on get in the now. I moved here in 1999 when I was only 11 and as a clueless eleven year old I did not give to shits on where I will be living for the rest of my natural born life. Well now I am a rebellious 15 year old who has finally know why this town is so crap! So basically you know how it is I am the new kid at school and all the guys want me even though I am like not cute well that is actually a bad saying I am semi cute aka not boy proof. But I have been hearing countless people say that when you turn 16 you have a week of djea,vu which I totally think its a completely Higurashi knock off I know some otaku's that take Higurashi No Naku Koro Ni very seriously. Like a person will butcher his mothers fucking face off with a hatchet because he has to not live in the endless cycle of mayham. So now the start of my average teenage morning of moans and showers and tons of posing in the mirror saying \"I have big tits or that my ass looks big today why don't I change jeans!\" Which I usually say all the time because my bitch ass grandma says that your ass grows behind you. I was like \"Bitch get a life\" In my head actually but grandma's can hear crap without their hearing aids. So now I walk down the endless stairs of hell which it is hell because I have to sit through an hour of my dad's damn work stuff which we do not need to know about. So yah. I am walking out the door getting my bike and peddling real fast because school is the only thing that is keeping me sane right now. If I had Natsu Dragoneel's power this town will probably be burned to a crisp when I am done with it. So tomorrow I turn 16 and I am really not looking forward to my birthday because I usually get shit gifs like socks and panties like which I have like 40 fucking pairs already. So I walk into the gate and my girlfriends are on their ancient phones and is texting like really turtle slow. Which is this how the 90's kids used to text. I would kill myself even if my parents say no. But I will find a guy to sexually abuse me and kill me that is how I would feel if I had to text on some non smartphone phone. So I walk into the school which is the typical japanese changing into their uniforms or should I say shoes because a big ass sign that says \"No outside shoes\" which then if the sign said outside shoes aren't allowed inside then how will they enter the school with outside shoes on but has to change inside. I don't get you Japan this is I want to move to Sydney Australia to get the hell out of here. I changed my shoes and headed into class 3-E ha ha ha I know people are saying we are the \"Assassination Classroom\" ha ha ha yup I will get my Tokyo friends saying that but they will proboley say I am lying. I sit in my desk when we get a substitute teacher which is totally fine because we can tease him more. Our teacher is named after the teacher in \"Another\" which is a funny story actually because when he watched another with us he was laughing. But then a shocking thing happened today which is a FIRST in this town. He said that school is cancelled today. Well I will now be \"In\"sane now thank you school board!(Thumbs up) But when we were exiting I seen a student on top of the roof and he was talking two different voices. \"No Juan I will not jump\" The regular voice said as he switched to the other \"DO IT!\" The other voice yelled as he jumped and at the last second his legs snapped behind him and his face just pancaked into the ground. Blood sprayed on the ground and he was still twitching his fingers when he still had time left to live. Everyone gaps as they see the blood of course any human will gasp at blood! Then when I walked over to him he had the Higurashi manga in his bag and it had a note that was addressed to me and the bloody yet cool note said Dear Hina When you will be reading this letter you will and all of the school will see me fall to my death because I turned 16 a week ago I have been in a state of Deja'Vu like I am repeating deaths that had occurred in the last decade. I am warning you because you will be going through this too. Goodbye Hina Love:Jose Higashuka I had my eyes wide open as I seen my watch and it said 22:00 and I run back home and birthday signs was hanging up in my room and a present on my bed. I open it it is the entire Gintama manga from one of my cousins in Kyoto. Which I set in my endless stack of manga ranging from Haruhi Suzumiya to now Gintama total of 400 individual manga's. Then I was reading the fourth volume of Suicide Island when the clock turned to 24:00(Midnight) then I had a stomach ache. I was stomping to the bathroom and puking up corn and blood I then lay on the toilet thinking through my thoughts. I was now thinking of MPD Pyscho deaths and Tokyo Akizukan deaths then I was slurry walking to my room when I hit my head on the edge of my desk. I clonked out but I am hating on what I will find tomorrow Week 1 Day 2 I hear the crickets outside and I felt my head and dried blood fell onto my hands I had the fourth volume of Suicide Island on my bed same place I had it when I puked. It was a saturday when I woke up and mom was making pancakes for breakfast. I hopped up and but my manga in the bookshelf and headed own stairs. \"Finally you woke up you lazy bum\" Mom said as she patted the pancakes and had a plate ready for me. The TV had on some Detective Conan on while I walked in there and ate my pancakes while Conan solves a mystery in any funny way possible. Then after I ate I headed back upstairs and turned on my computer and a mail logo popped up in my notifications tab as I clicked on it and it had a letter attached to it What you are in right now is your life FOR the rest of your life LEARN to get used to it DO NOT try to counter act the project FOR YOUR SAKE do not attempt to break the simulation WE RECCOMEND you read our guidelines BEFORE the project starts This is your life now Live it the way we do things or live your life in death Your choice make one now Hina We are Watching You have two minutes Make it NOW -Letter Ends- What the hell is this is like some psycological drama in like some weird messed up manga! I looked out the window and I closed the curtains and I sat on my bed scratching my head thinking is this a dream or some weird drunk thing. I look out my window again and no one is there. So I walk in the bathroom get undressed and step into the shower the cold water on my chest and on my body feels so good. I pick up my shampoo and I hear a whizzing sound and I see a camera in the shampoo as I screamed and I threw it into the trashcan. I then sat down in the tub \"What the hell is going on I want out I want out I want out I WANT OUT!\" I screamed as my mom came in and cuddled me and wrapped me in a towel like she did to me as a baby. I put on my kawaii shirt and a short skirt and walked outside and I noticed black cars are parked parallel to my house. I walk faster then I see men come out of the car so I run and I see a girl fighting with her BF and she is screaming \"I DON'T FUCKING CARE!\" She said holding a knife in her hand \"You want me to do it DON'T YOU!\" She said as the BF tried to stop her but she pushed her away and one chunk and she had the knife in her neck. She then slit a long line on her neck and her head went back and blood spurted out onto the BF's face and her spine dangling in her wound. The the body fell into the water and blood trickled on the surface as the BF ran and I ran to I seen a shop as I walked in there. I see a old lady who is shopping for some milk as she goes stop the cash register she is saying \"Those fucking kids are always fucking up they are always fucking cowards if I see one of those kids I will kill them myself\" the old lady said as the cash register looked at her. Then one of my BF's came in and said hi to me and the old lady look at her and the old lady had a AK47 from her purse and started to shoot my BF blood sprayed behind her on the doors and on the marchindise. Then the old lady shot my friend in the head and she burned up and in flames. She bursted out the window and exploded a gas station. Big explosions filled the air with smoke and flames. I was horrified I ran back to my house luckly they were gone. I ran inside the house and tripped and knocked myself out. Week 1 Day 2 I hear crickets outside the manga on my bed the same place I had it when I was puking yesturday. I sat up and felt my head and dried blood fell on my hands and I woke up and mom is making pancakes. I put my manga back on the bookshelf and headed down stairs \"Finally you wake up you lazy bum\" Mom said making pancakes. I walked back and saying \"I have witness all before!\" I said as the TV had on Detective Conan. I grabbed my shoes and ran out of the house but the outside is different things have been changed around. My other BF came and waved and said \"Hey! why aren't you at school?\" She asks me . Wait what day is it oh shit it's Wednesday. \"SHIT!\" I said as I grabbed my bag and my uniform and ran to school. When I walked in everyone was not there so I just sat at my normal seat when the teacher and students come in they waved to me and the teacher had a big suitcase on the desk. \"Now you all are probably wondering why I am moving\" He said as all of us looked and he had a knife in his hands. He shoved the knife in his eyes and scraped both of his eyes in one single streak. Blood sprayed on us in a large gash. All of us scooted back as blood was on the blackboard behind him. Then he muffled to me \"Destroy the sim\" He said as he hit the desk and falling flat on the floor. We all bolted out of the school when a big electronic sign appeared in the sky that said \"Detonation in 0:01\" then a big hole opened up and a large Evangelion monster came out. Wrecking the town and impaling people. Cars fly over us as the big hand sliced the school in half. I ran to my house but a truck landed right in it. I ran to the border of the town as I pushed people out of my way as I tripped and I landed in the water but a big bolder came on my face. Week 1 Day 2 I hear crickets outside and I had dried blood on my hands and I see the manga on the bed where I last left it the day before when I had to puke. I grabbed the manga and put it back on my shelf. I ran downstairs mom is making pancakes \"Finally you wake up you lazy bum\" She said making pancakes I turned and Detective Conan is on. I decided to eat my pancakes and STAY in my room for the rest of the day maybe if I stay where I am at the simulation will end. But I am not sure about that lets hope so. After I put my dishes in the sink mom said for me to mow the lawn. I accepted as I opened the garage door and the lawn mower was on the corner waiting. I grabbed it and I put gas in and started it it would not start. So I lift the lawn mower upside ways and I had my hand between the blades when it spun around and cut off my arm. Blood sprayed all over. x ","Summary":" By Nick McKeever Week 1 Chapter 1:Hina I hate living in this small town of Little Hina I just hate "},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Put Your Hands Into The Fire","Author":"Red Bess Rackham","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11977127","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/n : So, I defs wrote this for Yuletide 2015 and while I posted it on AO3 back in December, it has come to my attention that I never actually posted it here. So, this is only like, six months late to my FF account, but here you are anyways. XD Rita gave so many nuggets in the movie, I had a very hard time narrowing down an avenue to go (and not allow this to turn into a sprawling 50k prequel fic). As a result, I do very much gloss over her stuff with Carter in favor of making this about her and Hendricks. And it still got a lot longer than I'd planned. XD Hendricks is played by Idris Elba, obviously. Spot the sliiight crossover. (I read your letter very carefully, ishie , so I hope you enjoy the extra little surprise in here. ;D) Major thanks to my beta stars_inthe_sky . Thanks for reading, feedback is love! Put Your Hands Into The Fire Rita opened her eyes when she felt the elbow in her ribs. \"Wakey, wakey, V.\" She groaned. \"We're there already?\" \"Seconds away.\" Rita scrubbed her palm over her face and sighed. The past two days had been full of so much travelling, she was ready to scream, pass out, or both. She'd tried to snag naps wherever she could, but she'd never been good at sleeping in moving vehicles like Hendricks was. The best she sometimes managed was to just doze off, only to be immediately woken. \"God, this ship is not smooth,\" a blonde woman across from Rita complained. She clutched at her seatbelt with white knuckles. \"I swear, the transports in Moscow are not nearly this bad.\" \"Then go back to Russia,\" the man on her left snarled. \"Pansy-ass Ruskie.\" The woman rolled her eyes and Rita shook her head. Crasshole. The transport settled with a roar into the base and the soldiers clambered to their feet to disembark. Hendricks nudged her again and nodded at the aisle and down the line. \"Look at those green beans,\" he said, his voice a deep rumble. Rita smirked. After eight years in the military and a tour in Middle East, it was easy to spot those with no experience. It annoyed her that she was being shipped out with a bunch of fresh recruits like this, but supposed that was the point if these new suits were as phenomenal as they were advertised to be. Mixing vets and newbies was supposed to help the inexperienced ones. Or something. She wasn't sure she saw the logic. Bodies in the field were bodies in the field, she supposed. She eyed a brown-haired kid, probably no more than 20, if that. His blue eyes flicked around the bay and his forehead was already glistening with sweat. He grabbed up a pack hanging on the wall and then hastily turned it over to the burly-looking Asian dude who stepped in close. \"S–sorry, I thought it was mine, sorry!\" The kid rambled about another half-dozen apologies before carefully selecting the correct bag. \"I give him three days,\" Rita murmured, shifting the strap of her pack and sliding into the line of people. Hendricks grinned, his teeth brilliant set in his dark face. \"Generous. We're not even off the damn boat yet an' he looks like he's wet himself.\" Rita chuckled and stole another glance at the kid over her shoulder. He was falling into the line with the rest of them, craning his neck to look everywhere at once and not bump into anyone. Rita rolled her eyes again and fell into step with Hendricks as their feet hit pavement. The day the Mimics landed, five years ago, Rita Vrataski had been playing poker with Hendricks and the rest of their squad. It'd been any other off day in Catterick Garrison. Pitrolli was schooling Dunn, Mickles was bluffing a nothing hand, Rita had her feet propped on Fischer's chair, and Hendricks was twirling a cigar he never intended to actually smoke. Then Veers barrelled into the barracks so hard and fast Rita thought she might take the hinges off the door. \"Aliens,\" she said and ran. Rita never forgot the pure terror and paleness of Veers's face. Or the way ripples of cold shock stole over Rita's body, mixed with total confusion and disbelief. There was a moment of frightened, bewildered silence and then they were all on their feet, tearing out of the barracks. Had Veers not been so clearly, genuinely terrified, Rita knew Mickles would've teased her about pulling such a crappy prank. Dunn would've leaned back in her chair and crossed her arms and only the crinkle of her eyes would've given her amusement away. Fischer'd be on his feet anyways, gullible as he was, and Rita and Hendricks would've scoffed and rolled their eyes while Pitrolli mumbled some Italian expletives. Instead, the six of them blasted into the rec hall, hot on Veers's tail. They ran for the nearest TV and found most of the company already crowded inside, breathlessly viewing the horror unfolding on the television. Aliens had landed in Hamburg, Germany—and thousands were dead. Hendricks inhaled a sharp, horrified breath and Rita found his hand, squeezing it tight for support. Once they'd checked in and been assigned their barracks, Rita and Hendricks walked over to the squat gray building. In their section, Hendricks claimed the top bunk, of course, the punk. Rita threw her stuff on the bottom and ignored his triumphant laugh. \"Too slow, V!\" he crowed. \"Always too slow.\" \"Just polite,\" she countered, shucking her jacket. Hendricks's eyes sparkled. \"You? Polite? I'll believe it when I see it.\" She casually flipped him the bird, and he laughed again. She smiled in spite of her faux-irritation—his laugh was contagious. \"Smarmy git,\" she said. The rest of their new squad arrived in dribs and drabs. There was a surly guy named Wagner, the Russian blonde woman who complained about the bumpy ride (said her name was Kievs), and a Yank who introduced himself as Cal Farr. Then the skittish green-bean from the transport, whose name was Ben, and an olive-skinned woman named Purdeep came forward. Rita took the time to shake each of their hands, as did Hendricks. \"James… Hendricks…?\" said Ben, the brown-haired, blue-eyed kid. Hendricks rolled his eyes. \"Yes, like the famous singer. No, no relation, and whatever comment or joke you're thinkin' of makin', I promise I've already heard it, so keep it to yourself. And don't ever call me by my first name, or I'll gut you.\" Rita managed to keep a straight face while the kid jumped a step back, nodding vigorously. \"Right, sir, never. Got it, sir.\" The kid's cheeks flushed bright pink as he saluted Hendricks. Rita turned her laugh into a cough and unpacked her things. She glanced over her shoulder at Ben, who was nervously talking Purdeep's ear off. He rambled without stopping to take a breath. \"Well, my parents weren't exactly thrilled but they sort of understood – actually my uncle Griff was pretty supportive, although he's kinda in jail again – but it's just that I wanted to do something, you know…\" Rita shook her head. \"How the hell do they expect him to survive out there when he's barely surviving in here?\" Hendricks shrugged. \"You've heard the ads—one day of training in the new suits and you're ready to take on the Mimic army.\" Rita snorted. \"Yeah, right. Maybe those idiots that are shilling that bloody garbage should get down here and do this themselves before they say that.\" Ben shuffled over to his own bunk and unzipped his bag. \"How long have you been in the army, kid?\" Hendricks asked curiously. Ben's face colored. \"Two days.\" Rita's eyebrows shot up her forehead. \"Are you joking?\" \"My birthday was three days ago,\" he said. \"I wanted to fight—to help. So, I signed up.\" He swallowed hard and chanced a defensive look up at Rita and Hendricks. \"They said you're supposed to be able to do this in one day. I've been through the training sim. I think they lied.\" Before Rita could decide on how to respond, Taylor strode between the sections shouting for everyone to fall in line. The showers were nicer here than the ones back at Catterick, Rita was pleased to note. There was better water pressure, cleaner tiling, wider sinks. Of course, the place was also only a couple years old, built specifically for training and deploying against the Mimics. Catterick, on the other hand, had been made a permanent structure in the 1930s or thereabouts, after a few decades as a temporary base. It was old and in need of renovations. Rita changed into a fresh set of clothes and headed to her locker. Ben was a few lockers away and, whatever he'd been holding in his hand when she approached, he shoved it out of sight into his bag. Probably some photo or memento of home, she figured. He seemed like the type to need that right about now, hours from deployment. Rita sighed through her nose. She wasn't one for giving comfort, or even trying to give comfort. But the kid looked so discouraged and alone, she made an attempt. \"Look, it gets better,\" she said. He looked surprised that she was even bothering to talk to him. \"What does?\" \"Being away from everyone you love. Going into battle, not knowing if you'll make it back.\" She swallowed the lump in her throat. Her family was all long gone, but that didn't mean she still didn't miss them. At least she still had Hendricks. She continued, \"I'm not saying it's easy or that it ever will be, I'm saying… it'll get easier to deal with than it feels like right now. That's all.\" Rita turned away from him and gathered her boots. She didn't know why she was bothering with this kid—there was zero chance he was going to live through the Verdun mission. The jacket tech was not that bloody miraculous. \"Well, at least you have that guy, Hendricks,\" Ben said. Rita slowed her movements. \"What do you mean, 'have'?\" \"I mean, you guys—you came here together and I haven't seen you two apart. Except now, obviously.\" \"And?\" She scrunched her eyebrows together. Where was the kid going with this? \"I just—I have no one here, and I thought… you two, you know, are you…\" He waved his hand in her direction. \"What?\" she prompted flatly. Honestly, if she had a dime for every time someone thought she and Hendricks were romantically involved... The kid scratched his head and his cheeks flushed bright pink. \"My God, just say it,\" Rita sniped, shoving her foot into her boot and lacing it up more aggressively than needed. Why did everybody always assume her and Hendricks were an item? Couldn't they simply be friends ? Was that a goddamn crime? \"I was just wondering,\" the kid blurted hastily. Rita laced up her other boot with the same irritated fervor and stood. \"Why? You got a thing for me and wondering if he's competition? Want me to take you under my wing or some shit?\" \"What? I—no, I was—I meant, I was only—\" She couldn't decide if his sputtering was funny or pathetic. Rita grabbed her jacket and slammed her locker shut, regretting talking to the kid in the first place. She turned on her heel and strode away. Ben mumbled then, almost too quiet for her to hear, and she kept walking like she hadn't. \"You scare the shit out of me,\" he said. Rita smiled. Good. Twelve years ago, Rita's first few days of training did not go well. She was so determined to prove herself, so determined to make her dad proud. 'Course, Dad would've been proud of her if she'd been a stock girl at the local grocery store, but Rita had always needed more. After mess at the end of the week, Rita went for a walk. She was angry, overwhelmed. Alone. Regretting her decision to be here, hating that she felt inadequate. Rita had sat there for a while, knees tucked up to her chin and her arms wrapped protectively around her shins. A tall, muscular man wandered over and she tried to ignore him and make herself invisible, but it didn't work. He sat down beside her anyways. She darted her eyes to him when he said nothing for a good thirty seconds. \"Food's shit,\" he said. She didn't know him, why he was talking to her, how he'd found her, anything. But she couldn't stop the grateful smile that spread across her face. \"Did you try the yams?\" she asked, feeling very much not alone all of a sudden. He shook his head. \"God, whatever you do,\" she told him. \"Don't try the yams.\" He laughed—a deep, wonderful sound that startled a laugh out of her in return. He held out his hand. \"James Hendricks.\" Rita took it and grinned right back. \"Rita Vrataski.\" The drop-ship careened over the battlefield. A number of ships had already arrived, and the soldiers below were in full attack mode against the Mimics. An explosion rocked the boat, making Rita flinch. This was her eighth Mimic mission, but that didn't mean the drop-ship rides were any more comfortable. Wagner was stone-faced, Kievs's mouth twisted in a grim, determined frown. Lowell was spouting off about how many Mimics he was gonna kill, and poor Ben looked ready to puke. Rita closed her eyes for a second and took a breath, ready to drop at Taylor's command. When it came, she snapped her eyes open and hit her release button. She plummeted and the wind whistled around her ears as the ground rushed up towards her. The suit absorbed the shock when she landed. With practiced ease, Rita readied her weapons and detached her cable in one smooth motion. Hendricks touched down about ten feet beside her. \"Good?\" he shouted over the din of battle at her. She nodded. \"Great.\" He flashed his teeth in a wide grin. \"See you on the other side, V.\" She saluted him and took off at a hard run. He stayed close. They knew every time they went into battle, there was a chance the other wasn't going to come out alive, but Rita refused to think about that too hard. He'd been her closest friend for twelve years and they'd been through dozens of dangerous missions. They'd said their goodbyes long ago. The jacket tech was fairly intuitive and loaded up with some pretty serious weaponry. They were a far cry better than the ones she'd had to maneuvre when she'd fought in a couple of small-scale battles on the outskirts of France, in Thionville. That'd been before France had been declared lost, like Germany. The battlefield was a blur. Mimics came swarming across the uneven terrain, silvery arms spiralling out and smashing through her fellow soldiers like they were paper dolls. She spotted Ben up ahead, barrelling forward. A screaming Mimic, glowing orange, smashed into the kid. He went down instantly, his chest smoking. Rita unloaded on the beast bursting towards her. She ducked and rolled past it as it crumbled with a dying roar. Without a second to breathe or think, Rita was on her feet again. She tore forward and dove into a shallow ditch for cover. Hendricks was right beside her. A pair of Mimics flew over their heads. Without giving the things the chance to spot them, Rita and Hendricks popped to their feet and clambered out of the ditch. She ran and shot and ducked and ran harder and slashed and ducked and ran, ran, ran and fought and yelled and twisted and dropped and– She spun and her breath snagged in her chest. The Mimic before her was twice the size of the any other Mimic she'd seen. This one had a strange blue glow to it, while all the others were orange. Terror shivered through her gut for the instant that she took it in and then it attacked. Its long arms snapped out to the sides, knocking Hendricks to the ground. Rita yelled for him, another spike of fear shooting through her. She ignored it and charged the beast. She unloaded her gun into the massive thing's face. It let out a hideous noise, twisting and spinning faster than she could keep track. Rita brought her blade up to hit it and missed. It hit her instead, sending her flying off her feet. She landed hard on her back, smacking the air out of her lungs. The alien darted forward. Black blood was seeping out of the dozens of holes she'd riddled it with. It gave another terrible scream and whipped sideways, one its limbs blown off by Hendricks's grenade. Rita was almost on her feet when the thing spun back to her, too close. Pain lanced through her arm, across her face. She brought her blade up fast, slashed, and connected. The beast screeched, its long arms flailing. Rita swung again, crying out, and drove her blade deep in its chest. Its blue glow surrounded her, its horrible screams clanging through her ears. Distantly, she heard Hendricks calling for her and her hands were painted black with alien blood, sizzling, cracking– She screamed—flashes of color—the alien's dying maw streaking towards her face— Darkness. She should've been dead, but instead, someone elbowed her ribs. Rita sat up with a jolt. \"Wakey—whoa, sorry, V. Didn't mean to scare you.\" Rita blinked at Hendricks. Her heart slammed against her ribs. But a second ago—he was… she'd been… \"V? You okay? You have a nightmare or somethin'?\" Hendricks's deep brown eyes scanned her face. \"No, I thought…\" Rita glanced around the transport. A blonde woman seated across from Rita had her hands clenched on her seatbelt straps. \"God, this ship is not smooth.\" She winced when the ship bounced. \"I swear the transports in Moscow are not nearly this bad.\" The man on her left scowled at her. \"Then go back to Russia. Pansy-ass Ruskie.\" The woman rolled her eyes and Rita stared at her. Well, that's disturbing. Somehow, she'd dreamed something eerily similar to this moment. Which was impossible, but the feeling of déjà vu was overwhelming. Rita blinked. She could've sworn she'd been in battle—at Verdun—a second ago. But she couldn't have been, because she was here, in the transport, arriving at the base in Belgium. Verdun hadn't happened yet. She tried to shake off the freakish dream. The transport settled with a roar and the soldiers started getting to their feet, ready to disembark. \"V?\" Hendricks prompted. \"Sorry, I must've actually slept for once…\" she trailed off. It'd been so vivid, so real. She took in a shuddering breath. \"Just a messed-up dream.\" She pictured Hendricks getting thrown by that bizarre blue Mimic and her stomach clenched. Just a dream. \"Shake it off,\" her friend said. \"We gotta get outta here and go find our shiny new digs.\" Rita offered him a smile. She still felt unsettled, especially when she caught sight of a fearful-looking young guy, apologizing earnestly to a much bigger Asian man. Rita swore she'd watched this moment before, but how could she have? Hendricks leaned close to her ear. \"Kid looks like he's already wet himself and we're not even off the boat yet.\" \"Yeah,\" Rita agreed. She hiked her bag up higher on her shoulder and forced herself to try and forget the intense feeling that she'd done all this before. The rest of the day didn't alleviate the feeling. Rita clenched her jaw tight as she unpacked her bag. The whole idea that she'd managed to dream an entire day in detail was completely impossible and she kept telling herself so. Yet here she was, watching the day unfold how she already knew it would. When Ben stopped gabbing at Purdeep about his uncle Griff long enough to unpack his own pack, Hendricks peered at the boy. \"How long have you been in the army, kid?\" Two days, thought Rita, the answer coming straight to her. \"Two days,\" the kid replied. Rita's breath hitched and her heart rate spiked. Why the hell do I know that? Hendricks flicked his eyes to her then back to the kid. Ben sighed. \"My birthday was three days ago.\" He shoved his fingers through his hair. \"I wanted to fight—I need to help. So I signed up.\" \"And you're supposed to be able to learn the jacket tech in one day,\" said Rita slowly. \"Yeah,\" the kid agreed. \"I think they lied,\" Rita said in unison with Ben. The kid actually cracked a small smile at that. Hendricks chuckled and Rita wanted to throw up. Before she had the chance, though, Taylor was hollering for them to fall in line. The drop-ship soared over Verdun. Below, smoke and fire dotted the already-scarred battleground. The ship jolted from an explosion outside and Rita tried ignore the feeling that she'd known it was coming. She moved her gaze across her squadmates and waited for Taylor's command to release. She dropped and hit the ground only a second or two ahead of Hendricks. \"Good?\" he called to her. Her heart jumped in her chest and she thought of that damn blue Mimic again. \"Great.\" \"See you on the other side, V.\" Rita started running. She caught sight of Ben and inhaled to call out to him. A Mimic tore across the ground and smashed into Ben, cutting off his cry. The kid went down, just as he had before. Rita's insides squirmed. She didn't understand how this was happening, and, if everything else was the same so far, then she was certain to meet that blue Mimic again. Rita shortly had no more time to think on it further. The aliens came at her and Hendricks fast and furious, and she fell back on instinct. She swung her blade and used the suit's many weapons to her best advantage. She dove into a shallow ditch, Hendricks at her side. Two Mimics sailed over their heads. They climbed back out and tore across the dirt. The blue Mimic never came, but three orange ones did. Two came up out of the ground and Rita flew into action. She slashed and shot and spun and kicked and yelled. She was facing Hendricks in the split second it took for the third Mimic to slam it's arm straight through his gut. Rita screamed, and the two Mimics she'd stopped fighting overtook her. And then it happened again. Hendricks woke her with an elbow to the ribs. She watched Kievs complain. Lowell be an idiot. Ben nervously take the wrong backpack. Hendricks kept asking her what was wrong: \"You're so pale, V—are you okay?\" \"Hey, talk to me. What's wrong?\" \"Rita, can you hear me?\" \"Fine,\" she mumbled. \"I'm fine.\" She stumbled forward in a daze. What the hell, what the hell, what the hell… Her heart pounded against her ribs and the longer she said nothing, the more worried Hendricks got. He threatened to drag her to the med unit after he set his pack down the top bunk. She croaked out that she was fine , but he shook his head. \"No, something is very wrong, and you're not telling me what.\" \"I can't…\" she said. How could she possibly explain any of this? Not to anyone, not to him, not even to herself. And when they hit the ground at Verdun, she tried to warn Ben, but he still was sliced by one of the aliens. And when she and Hendricks came out of the ditch, she tried to stop him. \"What?\" he stared at her. \"You're catatonic all day and now you want to have a goddamn chat?\" \"That way!\" She pointed and he furrowed his eyebrows together but followed her anyway. When they successfully avoid the three Mimics meant to kill them, he stared some more. \"How the hell did you do that?\" he panted. \"I… I… don't know.\" Turned out, it didn't matter much, because another one came wailing at them from behind. Rita caught sight of Hendrick's blood painting her suit red before the Mimic's arm connected with her head. Elbow in the ribs. \"Wakey, wakey, V.\" Rita bolted to her feet. \"Okay, what the hell is going on?\" she shouted. \"What are you—how are you doing this? How is this happening?\" Hendricks held up his hands. \"Whoa, Rita, calm down—\" Others were staring, but to hell with them. She stormed off the transport the second it landed and Hendricks hurried to keep up with her. She still couldn't explain it, didn't even know where to begin. \"You're scaring me, V. What the hell is with you?\" \"I'm scaring myself,\" she said and pulled him aside. \"Somehow, I've been repeating this day. I don't know how or why and...\" His eyes narrowed and got that slight crinkle he had when didn't like what he was hearing. \"Don't look at me like that,\" she told him. \"I'm freaking out here, and I don't know what's going on.\" He didn't believe her and she didn't exactly expect him to. She couldn't say she'd believe him had their roles been reversed, though she wished he'd given her a little more credit. He knew her well and she wasn't like this, she wasn't crazy. So the fact that he suggested she seek out the onsite therapist or medical staff really pissed her off. She went straight to the showers so she didn't have to listen to his conversation with Ben about joining the army a third time. On the battlefield that day, she didn't forgo their routine, no matter how freaked out she was, and neither did he. \"Good?\" he bellowed. \"Great,\" she saluted. \"See you on the other side, V.\" She called out to Ben, but it didn't matter. The Mimic still got him. She followed the same route, killed the same Mimics—did it count as being the same if this was only a repeat for her and not them?—and after she climbed out of that ditch with Hendricks still at her side, this time she hauled him left instead of right. \"What are you doing?\" \"We get killed if we stand there—\" she pointed as the three deadly Mimics came tearing across the ground— \"or there—\" she pointed to where they'd died last time—\"so I'm trying here.\" His mouth opened in surprise and he glanced between her and the aliens. At least he was finally starting to freak out a little too. It didn't last, however. They didn't make it that much farther across the battlefield before an explosion tore Hendricks to pieces. She stopped and thought her heart had been ripped from her chest, but her suit was intact and she wasn't dead. Dead. Somehow, she'd woken up in the transport every time she'd died. Was that all it took to start over? If so, there was no other choice—she wouldn't let him die. So she turned and watched a massive Mimic screeching towards her. She blinked against the terrified tears and braced herself. It collided and she cried out in pain— Empty town. Ghost town. Smashed buildings. Old factory. Blue glow. She started awake before Hendricks's elbow found her ribs. \"Well, wakey –\" \"Wakey, V, yes. Listen to me, Hendricks,\" Rita said quickly, under her breath, close to his face. \"What I'm about to say is going to make no goddamn sense, but you have to believe me.\" He stared. \"V…\" Rita pointed at the blonde woman sitting across from her. \"God, this ship is not smooth.\" The woman spoke the words loudly but Rita whispered them to Hendricks without taking her eyes away from his. \"I swear the transports in Moscow are not nearly this bad.\" Hendricks's eyes widened in surprise. Rita flicked her finger to the guy beside the blonde. \"Then go back to Russia,\" she mouthed at the same time the guy spoke. \"Pansy-ass Ruskie.\" \"How the hell—\" Hendricks began, startled. \"Am I doing this? I've been repeating the same day, over and over again. I don't know how, I don't why, but I am.\" The ship hit the ground with a rumble and boom. The passengers stood and collected their packs. \"That can't be true.\" Her friend shook his head and grabbed his own bag. \"I don't know how you did that, but—\" Rita kept her eyes locked on Hendricks's. She pointed through the crowd at Ben. \"See that nervous kid? You call him a green bean. He grabs the wrong bag. It belongs to that Asian guy who comes over, right now, and the kid apologizes like crazy and hands him his bag.\" Hendricks was watching the scene unfold, exactly as Rita described. She could see confusion and fear swimming over his features, exactly like the first fifteen times she'd done this with him. \"We're not even off the boat yet, an' he looks like he's wet himself,\" she said, stealing his words this time, accent and all. Hendricks snapped his attention back to her. He opened his mouth to speak. \"How did I know you were going to say that?\" Rita said before he could get a word out. \"Easy. Because I'm telling you the honest truth.\" Their feet hit the pavement at the same time but he was taking odd, jilted steps, still watching her like maybe she was a Mimic wearing Rita's skin. She swallowed back a thousand words—rambling at him had only made him think her crazier and she didn't relish getting locked up again. Getting out to die and reset those last couple of times had been a bitch. Still, she and Hendricks had been inseparable for years, and it killed her to stay silent and let him work through it on his own. She needed him to believe her, needed him to somehow understand and help her. She couldn't get through whatever-this-was without him at her side. He held his tongue and his thoughtfully creased expression through check-in (Rita filled out her form in roughly three seconds flat, not needing to read a single question) and almost all the way to the barracks. Finally, she couldn't stand it anymore. \"Will you please say something?\" she begged, grabbing his arm and hauling him to a stop outside the door. \"What the hell do you expect me to say? Or do you already know?\" Rita rubbed her palm over her forehead. \"Look, you have to believe me, okay? I'm not crazy.\" He tilted his head skeptically. \"I can do it again,\" she ventured. \"Watch.\" She gestured for him to follow and opened the door to the barracks. Hendricks hesitated, a muscle in his jaw twitching, before he reluctantly followed. His expression was so guarded even Rita couldn't decipher it. Her gut clenched but she strode forward anyways. As they approached their squad's section, some of the others had already arrived. Rita pointed them out and quietly named them. \"And the kid's been in the army a whopping two days,\" she said. \"I've been with you the whole time. I couldn't possibly know that, right?\" He nodded slowly. \"Go introduce yourself.\" She followed him and put her stuff on the bottom bunk. Hendricks shook everyone's hands and looked a little unsteadier with each passing name. He shot furtive looks at Rita and ignored Wagner's offer of celebratory liquor. Hendricks threw his bag on the top bunk and snagged Rita's upper arm. He nearly dragged her out of the barracks, then outside and around the corner, out of sight of the bustling compound. \"Are you fucking serious?\" he hissed. Relief poured through Rita's limbs and she leaned her back against the barracks' building for support. \"Yeah,\" she breathed. \"Geez, Rita.\" He shook his head. \"Tell me everything.\" After fifty-nine days, she got really good at dying. And even better at getting Hendricks to believe her. In the end, though, he wasn't sure what could even be done. He had no idea how to help her, no clue what the vision of the glowing blue pit in the old factory meant. Rita didn't either, but it was important to her that he knew what was going on and that he believed her. She conveniently failed to mention that it was so she could make sure he didn't die out there on the battlefield. Again and again. \"Look, I found this guy—Carter,\" Rita said as she climbed into her suit. \"And I'll probably need a few more days to get to the point where I can convince him I'm not crazy, but I think he might be able to help.\" \"Who is he?\" asked Hendricks. He closed up her suit and climbed into his own. \"An analyst at Whitehorn, studying the Mimics and their physiology,\" Rita explained, calibrating her weapons. She didn't add that three out of the fives visits had ended with her being tased and arrested. \"Think he can do something about the…\" Hendricks made a circular gesture. Rita shrugged, making the jacket clank and bang against the supports on either side of her. \"Figure it's worth a try.\" His expression crinkled with indecision before he looked at her again. \"And how many days…\" \"Seventy-one.\" \"Shit.\" \"Yeah.\" Ghost town. Cement. Old factory. Empty and dark. Mimics. A massive pit. Alien arms. Blue glow. Rita plopped into the chair in front of Carter's desk. \"You won't lock up this time,\" she told him. She sighed. Too many days in a row of this bloody garbage and she was ready to make some damn progress, especially since her attempts with the General hadn't worked whatsoever. \"And here's why.\" She spilled out half of Carter's life story—everything she'd gleaned through the dozens of iterations of this day. She guessed how many fingers were behind his back, ten times in a row. She called out every move he was about to make—phone his secretary, phone the general, sit down and miss his chair—and finally, finally he believed her. And then they got to work. Even one hundred and seventeen tries in battle made no difference. Or one hundred and thirty, or one hundred and forty-eight. Hendricks still died and Rita still woke, only to convince him of her situation all over again. And still she tried and failed to save him. Finally, she told him that he kept dying. There didn't seem to be point in keeping it from him anymore. Hendricks levelled his gaze at her, searching. \"So many days has it been? How many times have… you know, have I...\" He scratched his neck uncomfortably. \"One hundred and ninety-four,\" she replied, her voice flat and dull. \" Shit , Rita.\" \"Yeah.\" It made her smile that his reaction was always the same. Hendricks paced back and forth in front of her. He'd believed her even quicker this time, which was a relief. Having to convince him of her situation, and all the complications that went with it, two hundred and three times was wearing on her. It felt more and more like a waste of time. She'd gone past feeling desperate, past frustrated, past exhausted, past bored. She didn't know what she was now. \"Well, have you tried—\" \"Yes.\" \"But what if you—\" \"Nope.\" \"Give me a chance to finish—\" Hendricks snapped. \"Whatever you're going to suggest, I've done it, okay? I've tried it. God, I've tried everything .\" She raked her fingers through her hair. The mental exhaustion of the repetition was starting to seep into her and resetting didn't banish it. Hadn't for days and days, now. She leaned back against the wall, tucking her legs up to her chin. Every bone in her body felt heavy. She was so damn weary . On one hand, she seemed to have unlimited iterations of this day. On the other, that meant unlimited versions of how this day could go—every tiny decision made a ripple. She just had to find the right one to change the outcome and make it to the next day—the real next day. She had to keep fighting, keep looking. Rita shook herself, forcing herself to ignore that tiredness. She had no use for it. Hendricks exhaled, long and slow. He settled in a heap beside her, making the cheap bed bounce. \"I tried poisoning you a little to make you stay behind once,\" Rita said, a smile tugging at her lips. \"So you wouldn't die at Verdun.\" \"You poisoned me?\" \"Only a little,\" she countered and chuckled. \"You were extremely unhappy with me.\" \"I should think so.\" He leaned closer, touching his shoulder to hers. \"Then what happened?\" Her smile melted and that hollow ache stole into her chest again. \"The base was attacked. You died anyways.\" \"Oh.\" \"Yeah.\" Buildings pieces. Rocks. Factory. Mimics. Pit. A massive, terrifying alien, roaring. Blue glow. Carter called it an Omega. Rita shivered. He rambled on about specifics, science, and theories that Rita was too tired today to properly absorb. \"So,\" she said when he was done. \"How do I kill it?\" On day two hundred and twenty-nine, she buried her head in her hands. She could feel Carter eyeing her as he fiddled with that device of his, the transponder that would allow them to track the Omega and destroy it. \"You know your focus should be the Omega,\" he said carefully. \"I know.\" Rita grit her teeth. \"It's just… it's Hendricks. I don't know how to find this thing and keep him alive.\" Carter took a breath but decided against saying anything. Rita's heart sank and her gut turned over. She knew what he was thinking: maybe she couldn't do both. Elbow– \"Don't,\" she snapped before he'd barely touched her. \"Whoa, Rita, w–\" \" Don't ,\" she hissed. Hendricks blinked at her. \"Okay… did I miss something?\" \"You're going to elbow me and say 'wakey, wakey, V' and then we're going to talk about the newbies and she's going to say the ship isn't smooth, and I just can't today—I can't right now, so just don't, okay?\" He stared at her, worry and confusion warring on his face. \"I'll be quiet then…\" \"Good idea.\" Rita pressed the heel of her hands to her eyes. Cue the transport landing… Kievs thought it was a bumpy ride, Lowell's a crass idiot. Three, two, one, there's the doors. Ben grabs Vick's bag. Sorry, sorry, so very sorry. How long would she be damned to repeat this day? Why had she been cursed? She stood and instead of grabbing her pack, she shoved forward through the crowd. She needed to change something, she needed it be different or she was going to go completely insane. She pushed to the front of the line, ignoring the curses and shouts behind her. She burst into a flat out run and bolted past Commander Taylor. She didn't have a plan or a destination until she spotted a group of soldiers climbing out of a truck. Ignoring the commotion still behind her, she veered right and made for the idling truck. Rita swerved around the men and women carrying crates, yanked open the door, and hopped into the driver's seat. \"Hey! Hey you can't do that!\" someone yelled. \"So go ahead and shoot me!\" Rita bellowed back. But not yet. She cranked the engine and peeled out of the compound. The truck blazed towards the flimsy gate and smashed right through it. She pressed down the pedal as if she could outrun this curse. Her vision blurred with tears and damn it she was not thinking about Hendricks's blood on her hands or the way the Mimic punched through him over and over or the way he blew apart in in the explosion or his blank, lifeless eyes— \"Damn it!\" Rita took her foot off the gas and hit the brakes. The truck squealed and skidded, leaving smoking black streaks on the road. When the vehicle came to a hissing stop, she pressed her forehead to the steering wheel and slammed the vehicle into park. \"Damn it, damn it, damn it !\" It wasn't fair. Why should she have this ability? Why was she doomed to see her best friend die over and over and be powerless to stop it? Why couldn't she figure this out? Why couldn't she find the Omega and stop this whole mess? Why was it her responsibility to stop it? She pounded her fists against the steering wheel, again and again. Her grunts of anger turned into wordless yells and then she was screaming herself hoarse and hitting the seat and kicking the pedals. Panting and out of steam, she leaned back in the seat. She looked down at her bruised and aching hands. \"Damn it,\" she whispered and swallowed against her raw throat. In the distance, she heard sirens. A quick glance at the side mirror showed emergency vehicles screaming down the highway after her. She frowned—suppose that's what she got for bolting from her military assignment and stealing a truck. Rita sighed. She slipped her knife out of her boot, wishing she'd thought to at least grab a gun before she'd gotten here. The visions grew stronger, clearer. They became like roadmap to the alien Omega—all she had to do was traverse the entire battlefield of Verdun to the empty town beyond. It sounded so simple, and yet she failed—again and again and again. It didn't seem to matter how many times she went over it all with Carter or with Hendricks, together or separately. They couldn't figure it out, and she couldn't make it all the way to some endpoint. And, as the light went out of Hendricks' eyes over and over, and as Rita took her hands away from her always-fruitless attempts to staunch the blood pouring from his neck, she began to think she never would. \"Be cause , James!\" she yelled and this finally made him look at her, really look. She never used his first name. Knew he hated it, same as she detested her middle name. \"Because no matter what I do, no matter how many times I try, I still lose you!\" Rita covered her hand with her mouth, trying to muffle the sob that was struggling to escape. Tears splashed freely down her cheeks, and it was too much, it was too damn much . Two hundred and ninety-two days of this—nearly a year that only she had lived—and she could not do it anymore. She dropped to her knees and covered her face with her hands. Hendricks knelt beside her and wrapped his arms around her, strong and sure and as wonderful as ever. Her rock, her lifeline. \"Then maybe that's the way it's supposed to be,\" he whispered into her hair. She clutched at his shirt and refused to believe it. \"It's not,\" she protested. \"It can't be, I won't let it!\" \"Rita…\" \"No!\" She shoved him and he let go of her. \"I don't care how many times I have to go through it again, I'm going to find a way—I will!\" The thought made her want to vomit—how many times would she watch him die? Another hundred? A thousand? Could she really keep going like this? \"Rita, you said…\" \"Don't you get it? I can't lose you !\" They didn't speak for a long, horrible minute. She swiped at her eyes and wished it wasn't so hard to breathe. Wished she could stop picturing him dead. Wished none of this had ever happened. If she couldn't save him, then what the hell was the point of all this? \"But maybe you have to.\" \"James—\" \"No, listen, V.\" He curled his fingers around her hands, comfortable and unwavering. Unshaking. Unlike hers. \"You have to get to the Omega. That's the only way to stop them. And stopping them means savin' millions of lives—saving the planet from these things. And if killin' that thing means leavin' me behind, then you do it. No, listen, you do it .\" He released her hands to cup her face instead. \"You are a soldier. You're strong. You're stronger than this—than them, than anything .\" He stroked his thumb over her cheek to wipe away the tears sliding down her skin. Rita traced her eyes over his face, over every line, desperate to memorize every piece of it. She couldn't leave him and do what he was asking—the whole planet be damned. It wouldn't matter if she didn't have him in it, he was the other half of her, and she couldn't leave him behind... \"If anyone can do this,\" he said. \"It's you.\" Hendricks leaned forward and pressed his lips to her forehead. His own eyes were glistening when he pulled back. Rita bit her cheek, trying to stop her trembling lips. She sucked in a harsh breath. \"Damn it, James,\" she said shakily. \"Why do you have to be so goddamn noble?\" One corner of his lips lifted. \"It's my greatest flaw.\" She hit the ground. \"Good?\" Hendricks called to her. She hitched on a smile she could not feel. \"Great.\" Rita pounded forward, not waiting for him to finish their mantra. It killed her but she kept going. She unloaded on the Mimic that was supposed to attack Ben. He watched her sail past him in shock. She ran and slashed and ducked and fought. She hit the ditch and Hendricks stumbled in only a moment behind her. He looked worried and wary, somehow. She hadn't bothered to convince of her situation today—day three hundred. She locked her eyes with him and prayed this wouldn't be the last time he looked at her. He opened his mouth to speak, but she turned away and clambered out of the ditch. Tears streaking down her face, she left him behind. She kept running. She lost track of him after that, and it took every shred of strength and willpower she had left in her to keep going. There was a chance, she knew, that he'd make it out of this. A small one, but still. Maybe she was the problem—he was so busy trying to protect her that he wasn't protecting himself. She clung to that thread of hope as she slashed apart another Mimic. To her surprise, as she spun and downed another alien, she spotted Ben nearby, shooting down Mimic after Mimic. He still looked as scared as hell, but he wasn't dead. It seemed crazy that the kid who'd she seen get smoked in the first minute of battle three hundred times was still surviving because she'd stopped that one Mimic. One ripple… He ran towards her, shouting out a warning. Rita twisted just in time, slashing the Mimic that came screaming at her face. She nodded her thanks at Ben and took off running again—she had to find the Omega. She wasn't aware that the kid was following her until she saw the edge of the battlefield in the distance. The majority of the Mimics were behind them but Rita didn't look back. She was terrified she'd lose her nerve if she did. \"Where are you going?\" Ben shouted. Rita turned, surprised. \"What the hell are you doing here?\" His sweat-soaked face colored red. \"I was trying to keep up. I just wanted to stay alive.\" She didn't know what to do with him. She'd never gotten this far, didn't know where this day would go, with or without Ben. She didn't exactly want to order him back into battle after they'd saved each other's lives, but she really didn't have the time or energy to explain her mission to him either. Rita glanced at the ghost town up ahead, with buildings and homes reduced to rubble, exactly as she'd seen in her visions. She didn't have time to dawdle either. \"I have to go,\" she said, starting forward. \"I can't explain, so follow or don't. It doesn't matter to me. Just don't get in my way.\" She heard him hesitate before the noise of his jacket hydraulics whirred and he hurried behind her. She felt the absurd urge to smile and didn't know why. They ran into half a dozen Mimics in their journey across the ruined town. Rita took on the majority of them and Ben looked completely terrified, but he fought back nonetheless. She couldn't help wishing the entire time that it was Hendricks beside her, but she felt guilty for wishing it when Ben staggered to his feet, blood coating one side of his face. \"Are we almost… wherever we're going?\" he asked, wobbling forward. Rita could see the factory up ahead. \"Yeah.\" Her pulse raced. They entered the factory and it was silent. Dark. Empty. Rita crept forward, her breathing shallow, grip tight on her gun, ready to blast at the first sign of a Mimic. She forgot about Ben and neared the edge of the hole, the place where she'd seen the Omega. She yanked Carter's transponder device out. All she had to do was throw it into the Omega and they'd be able to track it, defeat it… Rita stopped. There was no glow. No arms. No Omega. \"No,\" she murmured. She did not come all this way—she didn't leave her best friend behind for this , for nothing . She looked wildly around for any sign of the alien, for some clue, anything. Tears blurred her vision and she wanted to scream or smash something or both. This could not be it. \"Behind you!\" Ben shouted, jolting Rita from her panic. She shoved Carter's device back into her suit and swung her blade, catching the Mimic that was sailing towards her. It dropped with a shriek and then Mimics were crawling out of the shadows, glowing orange. Cold dread snaked through Rita's veins. This was a goddamn trap. \"Run!\" she bellowed and took off. There was no way they could actually outrun the aliens, but they had to try. Distantly, she realized all she had to do was reset the day. Of course! She spun to let the Mimic take her— Then Ben was there, hauling her out the door, shouting and hollering things she couldn't hear. The sudden daylight blinded her and she struggled against the idiot kid—he didn't know what he was doing, what he was keeping her from. \"Let go!\" She tried to elbow him off of her. An explosion sent them sprawling to the ground. She blinked against the heat coming from the factory, heard the dying Mimic wails. She stood to run towards the flames and Ben lashed out to grab her again. \"Are you suicidal?!\" Several Mimics spiralled out across the ruins, through the smoke. And she couldn't fight him off as well as the Mimics. She kicked him, knocking his jacket's grip off of hers. \"Stop!\" he yelled, but he didn't understand. Then there was the sound of choppers above and the Mimics chasing them down were peppered with bullets. With an aggravated shout, Rita turned her gun towards herself, desperate. Another explosion blew her off her feet before she could pull the trigger. She saw white and woke gasping, flat on her back. Hot liquid seeped around her limbs, her vision blurred, her ears still ringing. She heard Mimics screeching, helicopter blades cutting the air, gunfire and roaring that all mixed into a massive din pounding against her ears. Pain shot through her legs when she tried to move and she heard Ben, nearby, his voice fading in and out as she fought to stay conscious. \"It's okay, it's over, help… is… coming…\" Darkness. She waited for Hendricks to elbow her, but he never did. Rita furrowed her brow. Slowly, her others senses caught up to her. She was stiff and sore, laying down, but something was making a soft, steady beeping noise. Her throat was scratchy and dry, her chest hurt, and something… something was very, very wrong. Groggy and hazy, she cracked open her eyes. After a few seconds to clear her vision, she recognized the pale area around her as a hospital room. And then it hit her, what was wrong: this wasn't where she was supposed to be. If she died, she woke up in the transport. Which meant she hadn't died. Worse, she could feel something missing—some sort of terrible hollowness and she knew, she knew the ability, that power, curse, whatever it was, was gone. She couldn't reset the day anymore. Hendricks was gone and the Mimics had won another battle. The kid was in the bed beside her; his wristband read TANNEN in large block letters. Rita swallowed. So Ben had survived after all that. Surely Hendricks could have too? Rita sat up, clutching the bed for support when her head spun. Maybe he was alive, maybe he was okay, he had to be, God, he had to be… She staggered out of the room, got berated by a nurse for trying to walk and talk after losing that much blood, and was marched back to her bed. \"Please,\" Rita begged. \"I need to know—my friend—is he alive?\" The nurse glanced at Ben. \"He's right there, sweetheart.\" \"No,\" Rita bit out. \"Not him. Hendricks—James Hendricks. Is he here?\" The nurse frowned. \"The name isn't familiar—\" \"Is he okay ?\" She was shouting but couldn't stop the desperation filling her up. \"I have to see him, please— please tell me he's okay!\" \"You need to calm down,\" the nurse ordered, pushing Rita back down onto the bed. The nurse had to call in two others to help her sedate Rita. Nobody had any information on Hendricks. They promised her Commander Taylor would come by soon to debrief her. Rita slipped back into darkness with tears drying on her cheeks. Somehow, she came out of the thing as some sort of goddamn hero. Her best friend was dead, but everybody thought she was a bloody miracle. They didn't know the half of it. The Angel of Verdun, they called her. Called the mission a success—the world's first real victory against the Mimics. Slapped her face on a million posters and ads, had her pose in her the newest jacket tech. Ben told everyone stories about how she saved his life, how he saw her kill hundreds of Mimics all on her own. Rita let him—trying to explain she'd only had the ability to do so because she'd done it three hundred times would only land her in a psych ward again. And this time she couldn't creatively use her bedsheets to get out and start over. Thank God the kid was transferred to a different unit. She hated him for saving her life and couldn't stand the pride in his eyes when looked at her. All she tasted was failure and grief and she couldn't take his respect—she didn't deserve it. \"They knew I was too close,\" she told Carter and he graciously poured her another drink, even though the bar down the street had cut her off an hour ago. \"Somehow they knew and they were just fucking with me. It was a trap all along. I sacrificed him for nothing.\" She rubbed at the still-healing cut above her eye. It was deep and itched like crazy. She hated it—it was probably going to scar and forever be a physical reminder of what she'd lost. \"They think I'm some bloody hero and they want me to head up Operation Downfall,\" she continued, staring into the brown liquid like it could bring her best friend back. \"Are you going to?\" Carter asked. He leaned back in his chair and Rita glanced up. It was weird to see him in a mechanic's jumpsuit after so many days of the same cardigan and tie. Guilt tugged at her gut. He'd been fired for trying to help her—spouting theories about time travelling aliens after she came back from Verdun hadn't been good for his career. She shook her head and hated how fragile she sounded when she answered him. \"What the hell else am I going to do?\" Darkness. A pinprick of light. A blurry, vague scene—maybe a battlefield. Maybe Verdun. A figure. A man. Hope. Rita's ship spiralled down. She grit her teeth and held on. Operation Downfall was visibly off to a bad start if the number of bodies and downed ships were any indication. Her ship hit the sand with bone-jarring force and she bit her tongue. She shook the sparks out of her vision and spat out the blood pooling in her mouth. She was ready to fight as much as she could, but the emptiness was consuming. She was trying to soldier on—Hendricks wouldn't have let her wallow, so she wouldn't wallow—but it was damn difficult. Rita got to one knee and took a breath. Selfishly, she hoped she might die out there today, for real, so this nightmare could be finished. Rita looked up, just in time to see some stranger in a suit tackle her to the ground. She inhaled to ask him what in the hell — \"I'm sorry,\" he said in rush. \"I'm trying to save you. We're getting slaughtered out there and you need to get us off this beach.\" He threw his arm up and unloaded into a Mimic trying to tear a new hole in the roof. And he didn't even look to aim. He did the same to another Mimic that came spiralling at them on his left. Rita's heart slammed against her ribs. He couldn't have known those Mimics were there. He couldn't have, unless… \"We have to go,\" he told her gruffly. He grasped her suit and yanked her to her feet. \"This drop-ship is about to explode. We have to go, now.\" Her mouth went dry. He knew—he knew . She took a stumbling step after him. He stopped her. \"Wait!\" He dove forward, blasting at another Mimic, running and shooting, turning, another, bam, crash . His movements were a practiced dance, muscle memory. Effortless. For the first time in months, hope sparked in Rita's chest. She watched this stranger and realized he was the shadow in her dreams. He had it. Whoever he was, however he'd gotten it, he had the ability to start the day over. Like she'd lost. They had another chance to win. She walked a few more steps after him, halting and hardly daring to breathe. \"C'mon!\" he bellowed at her. \"This ship is going to explode!\" Rita tossed her blade aside. Relief mingled with hope, filling her up. It snaked into every crevice, overtook the hollowness left behind by Hendricks's absence. This was it—this was how she could do this again, how they could find a way to the Omega and win . She could make it worth it, make it right. She exhaled. \"What are you doing?\" the man barked. \"Find me when you wake up.\" An explosion in the distance made the stranger jump. He shook his head at her. \"What?\" Rita lifted her chin. Prepared to die. Ready to start over. \"Come and find me when you wake u–\" -end- ","Summary":" A/n : So, I defs wrote this for Yuletide 2015 and while I posted it on AO3 back in December, it has"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Spend the Night","Author":"Remnant Stars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10785035","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A guest prompt: A version where Rita does walk away from the helicopter like Cage wanted her to. What happens? I just wanted to thank everyone for the emails I've been getting about follows/favourites/reviews for my EoT fics in particular. I'm assuming this is because the DVD/Bluray just got released and there are more people watching this awesome movie. Of course, I own it. Much of the dialogue at the start of the story is paraphrased and taken directly from EoT. I don't own anything. Just a warning. If you haven't seen the movie then this story won't make much sense. It starts after they get off the beach and have already killed the Mimic that was hiding in the trailer attached to their vehicle. The van they'd found always ran out of gas. But Cage found that the moments they shared on the ride were both enlightening and painful. Rita often refused to speak to him at first. And the few details he painstakingly pulled from her were collected reverently over several such car rides. He found telling her a complete falsehood, making up stories another Rita had told him, got her to open up more. Even if it was to correct any mistakes or call him out on telling her complete the story of her visit to Lyon, or the reveal of her middle name as Peyton. Inevitably she always shut him down. \"Cage, I do not need to get to know you. And if you knew what was good for you, you wouldn't want to get to know me either. It's the only way you'll make it out of this thing.\" On this particular reset, Cage chose to leave it at that, stung that she had no interest in him beyond what he could do for her. It was getting harder and harder to remind himself that when this was all over, Rita would walk away without a backwards glance. After the van finally gave up, they were forced to walk. They'd found a group of buildings, once someone's home with a helicopter sitting conveniently in the back. A helicopter that Cage didn't seem too keen on trying to fly. His suggestion was to siphon the gas, but Rita knew that this was their greatest chance of reaching the Omega. Still Cage protested against her suggestion, making a flippant remark in response to her query of his fear of heights. \"I'm afraid of crashing, and not at all ashamed to admit it.\" \"You'll be fine Cage. You'll learn.\" He wanted to say something else, make another protest, but she winced, her breath hissing out of her mouth in a pained gasp. \"What is it? Let me see.\" Rita almost shrugged him away, but she stilled long enough for him to pull back her sweater and see the damage that the Mimic in the trailer had inflicted. She didn't protest as he led her to find something to clean the wound. As he cleaned her gash, really nothing more than a scrape, though it hurt like a bitch, Rita shifted impatiently. \"We have to find the keys to the helicopter.\" Cage seemed hell-bent on ignoring her advice. \"I'm sure we'll find them. Heli's full of fuel, though. I found a hose...\" He pointed out, his voice casual. But she could feel the tension in his hands, even as they gently applied the makeshift bandage to her wound. So gently she felt only mild discomfort. \"We're flying Cage.\" She was ready to move, to find the Omega and finally end this entire thing. She wanted the war to be over. She wanted many things. Hendricks and her parents alive, one of many. But she could never have that. What she could have was revenge, maybe find some semblance of peace. She'd earned that much for herself. \"It's getting dark soon. We might be better off going to the farmhouse.\" Cage suggested, his voice level but insistent. He really didn't want to get in that Heli. She smirked. \"And curl up by the fire and open a bottle of wine?\" Was he really trying to seduce her, or was his fear of flying really that intense? \"Ten minutes and then I'm killing you.\" She chided. She was sore and tired and she figured starting fresh would be better. They now had a way to the Omega at least. What was one more reset? Cage rummaged around in the shack that might have once been someone's work shed. She almost smiled when he'd pulled out coffee and managed to heat it. \"I can't believe you found coffee.\" She sighed as she went to grab it from his hand. But then he pulled back, a sudden chagrined awareness crossing his face. \"Three sugars, right?\" He dumped them in quickly and offered her the cup, now prepared to her taste. And then she knew why he was so afraid of the Heli. They'd been here before. \"How many times have we been here?\" Cage avoided her gaze. \"How many times? Where are the keys?\" She demanded, a feeling of betrayal coursing through her as he pulled them out of his pocket. \"You can fly it, can't you?\" Cage nodded his head jerkily, his nervous energy turning into desperation before her eyes. \"You start that engine, you die.\" He gestured around them bleakly. \"This is as far as you go. This is as far as you ever make it.\" His eyes pleaded with her. \"At the farmhouse, there's a cellar, food. Just wait until I get back. You'll be safe.\" \"You lied to me.\" It wasn't exactly truth but it was close enough. He'd hidden so much already, all in some pathetic attempt to keep her here. She strode to the helicopter in quick strides, hopping into the seat as Cage followed her. \"Get your weapon, and get in the helicopter.\" She demanded. \"You die here!\" he insisted with thinly veiled despair. \"Right here! I can't save you no matter what I do. If I go on to kill the Omega, you're dead, forever.\" She considered for a moment the desperation in his eyes and felt the briefest moment of regret. How had she come to mean so much to this man that she barely knew? Still she needed to hear it confirmed, even if the words would damn them both. \"Why does it matter what happens to me?\" Cage seemed to deflate, his shoulders drooping in resignation. But his eyes, dark with pain, remained on hers. \"I wish I didn't know you, but I do.\" And that one statement said so much more than it should. It was time to make her decision. Every part of her screamed to start the engine of the helicopter, to force his hand. She wondered why she was still sitting there, staring at Cage as his eyes began to light with what could only be hope. And it was cruel of her, cruel to give him even a moment's hope when he'd already told her how it had to end. But she would have died a thousand more deaths for even one more night with her loved ones. She could give him that at least. Even if what he felt for her was only obsession. \"Okay.\" She relented. \"You'll wait here?\" He smiled but she held a hand up to stall his gratitude. \"I never said that.\" Rita snorted. \"I'm coming with you, and we're flying this helicopter out of here. But we just need to think of some way to kill that Omega without either of us dying.\" His face fell once again, but she held up a hand to stall any objections. \"And, yes, I'm tired. One night in the farmhouse won't kill me.\" Wrong choice of words apparently as Cage winced again. Maybe it would, maybe it was the wrong choice to make but she'd made up her mind. \"Thank you.\" Cage whispered, his frantic desperation turning to relief. He seemed rooted to the spot, his eyes fixed on her face. There was an awkward silence between them, almost as if Cage had no idea what to do now that she'd acquiesced. \"Shouldn't we move to the farmhouse?\" She inquired idly, her entire demeanor changing from anger to numb acceptance. She would not be killing the Omega. Not today, maybe not ever. He started, his eyes widening. \"Yes! Yes, we should.\" He looked around them, his steps faltering as he seemed uncertain how to proceed. His hands moved idly, his fingers clenching into fists as he watched her step down from her seat. For a moment, their eyes met and held. Until she gestured towards the house with impatience. \"Well, you're the one who knows what's going to happen next. Lead the way.\" \"I don't.\" he admitted with a helpless shrug. \"I don't know what's going to happen. You've never said yes before.\" Rita felt her stomach clench as her nerves reacted to his statement. This would be the first time they were alone, without a destination in mind, without the focus of Mimics in their paths. She shouldn't have said yes, but she felt it was too late to back out now. Her anger had faded, and her emotions were too much of a jumble to understand what exactly she was feeling now. Cage made the decision to search the house a little further, trying to find something that would at least make the cold cellar floor less uncomfortable. She doubted either of them would be getting much, if any, sleep tonight. Her shoulder ached so she made no protest to his suggestion to wait for him in the cellar. She sat on a rickety chair and looked around the room, not really taking in anything as she considered what to do next. Should she just agree to his plan to continue on without her? Wait for him to return, if he ever did. Maybe he'd be dead and she would be left waiting in vain, only to have the day reset. She decided then that she couldn't wait. She'd rather be with him if he died, or die by his side if that was what was going to happen. She was a soldier. She'd been one of the first volunteers, before the UDF had Cage willfully recruiting people through the media. And her fight against the Omega had become personal to her. So now she had to consider how to kill the Mimic that was so close to the helicopter without alerting the other ones waiting in the field. It seemed an impossible task, and she wondered again why she was doing this. Giving Cage false hope instead of just forcing another reset. She picked up the gun she held close at every moment, her eyes tracing it's design. She considered for the briefest moments, simply shooting him when he returned. But it felt like a cowardly thing to do. And a betrayal that he might not get over. How would her actions affect the next reset? She hoped that this would be the last, that even if both of them died the next day, that they would take the bloody Omega with them. It seemed a faint hope now. Cage's arrival interrupted her thoughts. He carried an armful of old bedding with him, which he unceremoniously dropped to the floor. Somehow, in one hand he carried the coffee she'd abandoned in the shed. He offered it to her with hesitance. Rita's fingers brushed his as she accepted it gratefully. It had gone cold in the short time between their argument and Cage scrounging for usable blankets, but it hadn't been that warm to start off with. She sipped the coffee and watched as Cage spread the blankets out in the corner. He settled himself heavily, his back against the cold cement walls. He noticed her watching him and offered a small smile. \"It's not the Ritz.\" he commented. \"No, it's not. But I've never been to the Ritz. Have you?\" He nodded absently. \"Seems like another life now.\" \"A better one.\" she observed. \"I wouldn't say that.\" Cage smiled. \"I would never have asked for this, but I'm here. And I try not to think back on the man I was. The Ritz was beautiful once, but I never really cared for it. I never really appreciated the things I had before the Mimics' appearance stole them all away. I guess I didn't really deserve them.\" \"And now you do?\" Rita questioned with a confused smile. \"I would at least appreciate them now. And I've never really cared about the people I had in my life,\" he said pointedly. Rita raised an eyebrow as if to say 'oh, really?' Cage hurried to clarify. \"My parents are small town people. They could care less about the world outside Cranberry, New Jersey, where I'm from. I always wanted more. And I never visited them enough, always feeling as if it was a nuisance to visit parents I'd always seen as small-minded. Seems like I was the small minded one.\" He mused. \"I'd give anything to see them again. To step through the doors of their small house, a place I'd once loathed. So, I think that I might deserve a bit of indulgence now, more than I ever did before the war.\" Rita simply nodded in agreement. She could pass no judgment on the man Cage had been before. She had an idea of who he'd been, but the entire experience with resets had clearly changed him for the better. Maybe their life was hell, but he'd become a better man through it. \"And I got to meet the Angel of Verdun, so that's a bonus.\" He smirked playfully at her eye-roll. \"I hate that name,\" she confided. \"Why? You deserve it.\" \"No, I don't,\" Rita insisted. \"Look at the person you were before versus who you are now. You clearly fight better, and you've killed almost as many Mimics as I did that last day. So if you lose the ability to reset, and they tally the amount of Mimics you've killed, do you suddenly deserve a moniker? What will they call you I wonder? A saint or savior or some other nonsense? We do what we do, are as good as we are because of the resets.\" Cage held his hands up in surrender at her fierce tone. \"Whatever they call you, whatever label they give you, I hope that I can at least call you friend.\" She wanted to laugh at the absurdly sentimental words but she could see from his expression he was serious. His eyes held a hint of vulnerability. Friends. It was just a word, but she knew very few people she would ever call a friend. She might call Dr. Carter a friend. He was the only person who'd ever believed her before Cage. To her, they'd only known each other less than two days, was that really enough time to consider him as more than an acquaintance? He'd saved her life countless times today, amused her with his wild speculations of her past, and some part of her trusted him implicitly. \"Yes.\" she confirmed with a nod. \"We're friends.\" Cage's smile was lopsided but warm and genuine, and for a moment she wondered what his lips tasted like. She shoved the thought away with horror, wondering if she'd gone insane since waking up yesterday morning. He was attractive, and determined, she wouldn't deny that. But he was still a practical stranger in so many ways. \"So we don't have a fire, but this is a cellar after all.\" Cage got up and walked to the wine rack that held dozens of unopened bottles. He pulled a few out, reading the labels and placing them back until he'd found one he liked. \"And how are we going to open that?\" Rita shook her head and laughed as he pulled a corkscrew from his pocket, waving it at her triumphantly. \"I found this upstairs.\" \"There just happened to be a random corkscrew lying on one of the beds you pilfered those blankets from?\" Cage shrugged. \"In a drawer.\" Rita's expression sobered. \"I don't think getting plastered the night before we go after the Omega is the smartest idea.\" \"Who says we need to get drunk? One drink won't hurt.\" Cage insisted. \"But why drink wine at all?\" Rita asked with exasperation, raising her coffee mug as evidence. \"Let me have one drink with a friend before I die.\" So Cage thought they were going to die. So did she, and if that wasn't a reason to have a drink she wasn't sure what was. She relented and held out a hand for the bottle, placing her coffee mug on the floor. \"Did you at least find some glasses to drink from?\" Cage grinned and produced two wine glasses, both with small visible smudges. But dirt wasn't going to kill her, a Mimic or the Omega was. She poured their drinks and set the bottle to the side, offering Cage a glass. He took it from her hand, his fingers wrapping around hers for just a moment. It was enough that she felt a twinge of arousal at his proximity. Enough that when he settled back on the blankets she followed. He held her glass as she collapsed beside him, her right side flush against his left as she accepted her glass back and started to sip her wine. They hadn't eaten since that morning, and she didn't want to overdo it. \"Do I always call you Cage?\" \"Yes.\" He confirmed. \"You could call me Bill, if you wanted.\" \"Bill.\" she tried the name out but he didn't look like a Bill. \"Short for William, I presume?\" \"Yeah.\" \"William it is.\" She took another slow sip of her drink. \"So William, how many times have you been through a reset? If you don't mind my asking.\" \"Feels like thousands, but I'm sure it's barely a hundred.\" \"I know what you mean.\" Rita agreed. \"But even that is too many. I've seen people die more times than I can remember.\" \"And Hendricks was one of them.\" It wasn't a question but Rita bristled at it. She'd told him not to talk of him. She wondered how Cage had ever found out about the man. \"He was.\" She replied shortly. And Cage seemed to let it go, taking a gulp of his wine. \"I wonder how many times you've seen me die.\" She poked at him, still angry that he'd dared to bring up such a sore point for her. And she knew her death affected him. It was why they were here after all. Here and not him on his way to the Omega and her lying dead at the side of the helicopter outside. \"Too many times.\" Cage spoke softly, his eyes closing as he seemed to remember one or more of those times. The easiness between them was broken, as Cage was lost to darker thoughts. And Rita regretted the comment instantly. \"Hey.\" she nudged his shoulder with her own and his eyes opened, staring past her at some point on the cellar wall. \"William?\" His gaze focused on her, and she could see him visibly shutting those memories away. \"I'm sorry William. It was a stupid thing to say.\" \"I deserved it.\" He paused. \"It was Dr. Carter who told me, not you. I shouldn't have said anything about him. I'm sorry.\" \"It's okay,\" she mumbled. It really wasn't. Hendricks was a man she'd fallen for during her resets. A man that she could never get to remember her. He'd died too many times to count, until the point where she went out of her way to save him, and when that didn't work, to avoid him. He'd died at Verdun, that last time, like every time before it. She didn't need to imagine what Cage felt at her death, she knew. They fell into a silence that lasted several minutes. It wasn't uncomfortable, both lost in their own thoughts, but soon even the single glass of wine she had was making her drowsy, her head resting unconsciously on Cage's shoulder. \"I'll take the first watch,\" offered Cage quietly. Rita could only nod as she started drifting into sleep. Before she fell entirely, she felt Cage drape a blanket over both of them. It was musty but warm. She smiled, unable to voice her thanks as she lost consciousness. She awoke to the sound of Cage's breathing. For a moment she was confused, her body lying completely flat on a hard surface despite the blankets. She tried to make sense of the situation, only realizing where she was when she heard the steady pounding of Cage's heart beneath her head. Somehow their positions had shifted drastically. Both of them were lying on the blankets rather than sitting against the wall. Rita's head was resting on Cage's chest, one arm pinned beneath her, the other spread over his stomach, her fist gently gripping his shirt. She shifted, looking up towards his face. One of his arms was pillowed beneath his head, the other one wrapped around her back, holding her to his side. It was intimate, one of her legs wrapped around his, the blanket he'd covered them with kicked to the bottom of their makeshift bed. She felt her face burning as she started to pull away. For a brief second Cage's arm held her to him, almost refusing to let her go before he rolled away from her. \"Why didn't you wake me?\" Her voice was hoarse from the dusty cellar. \"I wasn't tired.\" \"You should still sleep.\" She refused to comment on how she'd woken up. He hadn't been touching her inappropriately, and it seemed she'd been the one to cuddle up to him. \"I should,\" Cage agreed. \"You'll be okay to stay awake? We should only be a couple hours from sunrise. \"Yeah, I'll be okay William.\" He'd put some distance between them, but she suddenly felt like never letting go. The dawn would ultimately mean their deaths, she was sure of it. Her own death at the least. So she locked up the voice that told her what she was doing was cruel, that it would only hurt him in the end. She shifted until her head was once again pillowed on his chest, her arm lying across his stomach and her hand flat against his ribs. Cage tensed. \"What are you doing, Rita?\" \"I'm cold.\" she stated. From the tension in his body she half-expected him to pull away and grab the blankets to put over her. But he didn't. Instead he remained silent, his body slowly relaxing until she heard his breathing slow, his chest expanding under her head with every breath. She watched his face as his jaw slackened and his lips parted. She didn't know exactly why she did it. She couldn't explain the rush of tenderness she felt watching his features relax as he fell deeper into sleep. She carefully slid upwards, studying him for any sign he was waking up. She held her face above his, gathering her courage before she dropped her lips to his. It was meant to be quick, but her lips lingered, parting so her tongue could dart out a taste him. It was a one-sided kiss and not completely satisfying so she pulled away. His head moved as if to follow hers and she stared at him with sudden fear. Had he woken up? After a few perilous seconds it seemed he'd only been adjusting his position, his face turning towards her and settling. She moved back to her original position, silently scolding herself for taking advantage of a sleeping man, and Cage of all people. Cage who looked at her with tenderness. She would break his heart, she was sure of it. Before she settled her head back on his chest she caught a glimpse out of the corner of her eye. It looked like Cage smiled. She jerked her head up but his mouth was still parted, his breaths still even, his heartbeat steady. She convinced herself she'd only imagined it. The next morning, they'd found more coffee and drank it silently side by side. Cage had smiled at her brightly when wishing her a good morning, and Rita wondered if he knew what she'd done. But he didn't say anything, soon starting a conversation about how to get both of them in that helicopter and off the ground without dying. They'd talked out a plan, and soon both were on their way, Cage being the first out the door to assess the danger. If he was forced to reset, then they would try again. Rita hoped they wouldn't be forced to try again. Even if she didn't remember it, the previous night was unsettling, her emotions tangled and her nerves strung tight with every smile Cage aimed in her direction. He seemed to be in a jovial mood and blamed it on her staying alive for the first time at the farmhouse. She decided to believe him. Cage put down the Mimic easily and quietly with an ax he'd found on an earlier reset, the alien apparently not expecting an attack. Maybe the extra day had made the difference. Rita waited impatiently at the helicopter, only starting the engine when Cage was racing towards her. She was already taking off when he swung himself into the seat beside her, the noise from the rotating choppers drowned out by the rampaging Mimics heading towards them. But they were already off the ground by the time the Mimics reached them, too far in the air and on their way to kill the Omega. The flight remained pleasant, if silent. Cage gestured towards certain points of the landscape, Rita nodding to confirm she'd seen what he was pointing out. Cage directed her when she didn't remember which direction to go to. Their hands hung loose between their seats, fingers brushing seemingly by accident. And yet neither of them moved away, even if Rita was risking life and limb by not having both hands on the control column of the helicopter. It was only when they were within sight of the dam that the small smile that Cage had sported nearly the entire flight faded. Rita's own relaxed expression tightened as she was reminded that they'd reached the end of their journey, probably permanently. They entered the dam armed with flares, the battle rifle Cage took from his jacket, his Colt and Rita's SIG-Sauer. It was too quiet for either of their liking and they used mostly gestures to communicate with each other. Rita felt adrenaline pumping through her system as they approached the rim of the pit that Cage had seen the Omega in. Cage shot her a glance, his eyes widened in anticipation as they looked into the pit...and found nothing. They looked at each other in confusion, interrupted by a sudden screech as a Mimic sprang over the edge and collided with them. They flew apart in different directions, Rita hitting the wall hard, and Cage falling backwards, the Mimic springing at him and striking quickly before moving away. Cage was thrown again, twisting in the air before landing heavily on the ground. Rita was on her feet in moments, wincing at the sharp pain in her ankle. It was fractured at the very least. She limped to Cage's side as he got to his feet slowly. They faced the Mimic together, Cage pushing Rita behind him as he stepped forward. \"Finish it!\" he shouted. \"Cage, no!\" Rita reached for his shoulder, trying to pull him back but he shrugged her off. \"It's over, Rita. The Omega isn't here.\" They were only distracted for seconds, but it was enough that they didn't hear the Alpha land behind them. It was enough that Rita was behind him. Cage turned towards her as the Alpha struck. It was a quick slash, but with enough force that Rita was thrown forwards into his arms. The noise she made was somewhere between a gasp and a cry. Another quick slash and he felt a sharp pain in his side. He looked down briefly to see a large slash in his vest, his skin bared and torn open. He pressed his hand instinctively to his side, his fingers pulling away dripping red. Cage lifted the Colt he had shoved in the waistband of his pants and got off four shots in quick succession, the Alpha forced back. He didn't want to kill the Alpha, simply keep it away long enough for him to assess Rita's injuries. He knew he should reset, but he needed to see Rita. And he needed to know one thing before she forgot. Cage fell to his knees, Rita cradled in his arms. \"Not again.\" He murmured. \"Not this time.\" Rita spoke through clenched teeth. \"My fault.\" She lifted her hand and Cage took it, holding it between both of his. Blood pooled around them, both of their blood mixing on the concrete floor. Cage placed her hand down gently, beginning to feel lightheaded from blood loss. But he needed to know. \"Why did you kiss me?\" He asked urgently. \"Rita!\" For a moment Rita simply stared at him. She opened her mouth, her voice shaky as she forced the words out. \"My middle name...is Rose.\" With an anguished cry, Cage lifted his Colt and placed it to his head, pulling the trigger before either Mimic could react. He woke up gasping, Rita's lifeless eyes burned into his memory. Tra la la laah...I'm just here, wondering what you thought. In particular, I'd like to hear from the guest who prompted this... Thanks for reading! ","Summary":" A guest prompt: A version where Rita does walk away from the helicopter like Cage wanted her to. Wh"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"A Time to Plan","Author":"Remnant Stars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10785542","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prompt: Cage does not lose the power. After the ambush and car crash in London, they get arrested but Cage doesn't get a transfusion and lose the power. What would happen? Well I finished this insanely fast! Now, I don't feel that it's particularly finished but I'm done with it for now. Maybe a suggestion on how to continue might help? Hint-hint... Anyway, hope you enjoy, Kevin! Once again, I took some dialogue directly from the movie, not exact but similar. I don't own anything, except for a copy of the movie that helps me write my prompts XD He woke up in the hospital, his arms and legs strapped to the hospital bed. The nurse was in the middle of inserting an IV into his vein. Cage panicked, twisting and flailing in an attempt to keep the IV from his arm. The bag of blood attached to the IV would only spell doom for their attempts to stop the Omega. \"I'm only trying to give you blood. You need to calm down.\" \"No!\" Cage tested the strength of the restraints holding him down, to no avail. \"Where's Rita Vrataski?\" The nurse seemed disconcerted now that he was actually awake. She stepped back, avoiding his gaze as she contemplated what to do. \"Please, just tell me. Is Rita Vrataski still alive?\" \"I'm not supposed to talk to you.\" the nurse asserted. \"If you're not going to be uncooperative, then I'll have to get someone to hold you down. I'm only trying to help.\" \"Thank you.\" Cage tried for diplomacy. \"But I'm sure I don't need the blood.\" \"It's my job.\" The woman frowned at him, shooting him a glare and making it clear she wouldn't be helping him otherwise. Cage wondered what they'd told the woman. \"Please, at least tell me if Rita Vrataski is okay? The woman I was with?\" \"I'm sorry, I have to go.\" The woman turned on her heel and left the room without another word. Cage began struggling against his restraints in earnest, rocking the bed in hopes of escaping. All that accomplished was tipping the bed over entirely until he was still strapped in and facing the floor. A set of footsteps let him know that he'd been caught and he hung his head in resignation. He'd never get to Rita, or force another reset at this point. He glanced over as the person leaned down to see him, smiling in relief when he realized it was actually Rita herself, coming to rescue him. \"I was out of those things in three minutes flat, Cage. What's wrong with you?\" \"I thought you were dead.\" Rita grinned. \"Not yet.\" She flipped the bed over and pulled out a knife. \"Sorry Cage.\" And he watched in grim resignation as she swung the blade down, feeling only a sharp pain as she angled the blade and stabbed him cleanly between the ribs, hitting his heart. The blade twisted and he let out a gasp, the pain dimming his vision at the edges as he focused on the tearing ache. He closed his eyes and felt himself begin to fade. His heart had been pounding in joy when he'd seen Rita, and so he figured his death would be quick. He tried to breathe, but the pain in his chest had become a burn that stole the breath from his lungs. \"I'm sorry Cage.\" Rita's repeated last words faded slowly to the blood rushing in his ears, lost to the pain in his chest as the room went dark. He woke up as usual, adrenaline rushing through his veins as he realized that they were ready to face the Omega finally, and they had a chance to win with the knowledge they'd learned. The only concern that they had to worry about was if the Omega had been aware of the thin connection that Cage had established for those tremulous seconds. He felt different in a way. It wasn't simply the adrenaline that had him in a perpetual flight or fight state of mind. It was as if his mind was clearer, his focus sharper. He thought of Rita and he could hear her voice in his head apologizing. But there had been nothing to apologize for. This was it. They were going to defeat the Omega, he could feel it. And he was ready for it. He went through the motions with Sgt Farrell, barely listening as the man spoke of redemption. William was about to earn his own redemption, felt that he'd earned it a dozen times over perhaps. He greeted J Squad with a perfunctory nod, hiding their gambling from Farrell with a flick of the wrist. On their run around Heathrow he was silent until it was time to act, simply listening to the trash talk around him with a sardonic twist of his lips. He was going to miss these guys, even if he was nothing more than a stranger and deserter in their eyes. When he finally came face to face with Rita again he smiled at her scowl. He tugged her into a forced embraced, laughing as her confused irritation turned into full blown anger. She shoved him away and swung at him with a growl. He'd never been here, had no way of knowing it was coming, but he knew Rita Vrataski as well as he knew himself. He knew her reactions, her thought process, had earned her ire on several different occasions so he was ready. He deflected her swing and called her name, the same smile still plastered on his face. \"Rita! I know where the Omega is!\" She went from anger to bewilderment, her fists dropping as she stared at him with her mouth dropped. \"Did you hear me?\" Cage didn't care that there were people watching. He was burning with nervous energy, high on the sight of Rita, beloved Rita who had no idea who he was. Rita, who he was madly in love with at this point. And he finally realized how much he didn't care if anyone knew it, not even the woman herself. Rita seemed flabbergasted, staring at him with dawning suspicion as she took in the soldiers watching them with vigilant expressions. She waved them away carelessly and they scattered, eager to obey the war hero. There were too many thoughts running around her head, too many emotions jumbled into a knot around her heart. She had no idea who the hell this man was. And yet he greeted her as an old friend might, or a lover. He looked at her with open adoration and anticipation and spoke words that made no sense to anyone but her. But how did he know? Unless... \"You can reset.\" She stated coldly, as she worked to compartmentalize all the feelings that were racing through her. The man's exuberant smile dimmed, but he nodded and grabbed her hand. Her first instinct was to pull away, maybe take another swing at him just to prove a point. He couldn't touch her whenever he wanted, no one could. And yet, she let him lead her. And he led her to Dr. Carter, to the weapons repair room that they used as their base of operations. Carter was as oblivious as she was as the man practically vibrated with manic energy. \"Rita! What are you doing here? You can't just show up-\" \"She's with me.\" the man spoke quickly, as if he couldn't get the words out fast enough. \"I'm like her. You have two fingers behind your back, and I found the Omega!\" \"Who are you?\" Rita interrupted with an angry demand. The man stilled for a second, his eyes widening as if he'd just remembered that he'd never given either of them his name. \"Sorry, Rita, Dr. Carter. My name is William Cage. I met Rita for the first time on the beach tomorrow.\" he raised a hand to stall Rita's words. \"No need to say it, it's a slaughter. I started having the dreams a few dozen resets ago and we followed them to where we thought the Omega would be. It was a trap, it wasn't there. So we came up with a plan to get the device Dr. Carter created from Whitehall. We got it on the last reset and used it but we were caught and Rita killed me so I would reset. Now I know where the Omega is, and we need to go kill it.\" \"What the hell is going on?\" Dr. Carter demanded. \"Rita?\" He turned to her, his face flushed red as he gestured to Cage. \"You bring this man here, for what?\" Rita had a frown on her face, an arm across her stomach, her other elbow resting in her cupped palm as she stroked her chin in thought. Her eyes went from Cage's scuffed boots to his dark eyes, eyes that were pleading with her to believe him. She did. How could she not? But she was trying to figure out what to do next. They were going to kill the Omega tonight, perhaps in a matter of minutes they would be on their way. But this man, Cage, was staring at her with far more emotion then she'd ever inspired in anyone. He was unsettling her, first with his random embrace that had thrown her off, and his frantic mumbling on their way here. He'd been mumbling about the Omega, and Mimics and she'd heard her name more than once. Was he even sane? \"How many times have you reset?\" She finally asked. \"How many times have we met?\" Cage frowned, waving the question away impatiently. \"Why does it matter? We need to come up with a plan!\" \"And we will,\" conceded Rita, \"But I first need to know if I can trust you.\" \"Trust me?\" Cage laughed incredulously. \"Of course you can! I've met you over a hundred times, watched your back, watched you die, had you kill me more times than I can get straight in my head. I know you Rita! I know you better than anyone.\" He stared at her with an intensity that left her unnerved but she refused to look away. \"Prove it.\" Cage snorted. \"We don't have time for this Rita.\" At her narrowed eyes, he threw up his hands in exasperation. \"Fine!\" He started to pace, his fingers running through his hair as he thought on what to say, what to reveal. He started simple. \"Your name is Rita Vrataski, you're a Sergeant in the United Defense Force. You're twenty-nine years old. But anyone that's been watching the news could tell you that. You fight primarily from your right side, and prefer blades and melee weapons to guns. You could still shoot a Mimic without missing from twenty yards away. You're parents died in one of the first Mimic attacks, which led you to be one of the first volunteers when the war started. You have a younger brother you haven't seen in months, as he's safe somewhere far from the fighting. Your middle name is Rose, you've never been to Lyon, and you loved a man named Hendricks before he was killed at Verdun.\" He stopped, breathing heavily as he waited for her reaction. Dr. Carter was staring at them with a dumbfounded expression, his gaze flitting from one person to the other as he waited for Rita's reaction. It was quick, and surprised them both. Cage didn't flinch as she came at him, ready to accept any punishment, despite her demand to reveal what he knew. He was shocked when her hands gripped his face tightly and pulled him close, her mouth meeting his. For only a few seconds he was in heaven as her tongue tasted him, his arms wrapping around her instinctively. She pulled away too soon, a smile on her face as she turned away from him. \"You're right, we need to come up with a plan.\" Cage was still standing in place, his eyes glazed as he recovered from her kiss. \"What was that for?\" he asked dumbly. Rita turned towards him with a rueful smile. \"I'm gonna be furious with you later for invading my privacy so blatantly but right now I'm going to thank you. Thank you Cage, for finding the Omega and including me in your plan to go after him.\" Cage nodded, his eyes narrowing as he focused. \"We need to get there by tonight and kill the Omega before anyone ever gets to the beaches. Like I said, it's a slaughter. You were right when you said tomorrow was the Mimic's end game, not ours, Rita.\" Rita tilted her head in confusion for a moment, and realized he was talking of another encounter. So she simply nodded in agreement. \"So how are we going to get there? And are we even going to be able to do this alone?\" Cage frowned. \"The only way to get there relatively quickly without much resistance on the Mimic's part is to fly in.\" \"And where are we flying?\" Rita asked in exasperation. \"Paris. The Omega is in the parking garage below the Louvre. We need to get in there and blow the place up. But we'll need help, a lot of it if this has any chance of working.\" Rita nodded once but she was frowning. \"And who would be crazy enough to follow us?\" Cage smirked. \"I wouldn't expect anyone to follow me. \" Like I said, unfinished. But I'm considering a two or three-shot just expanding on how things might go since they are now better prepared. Let me know what you think! Or, you can just imagine that the rest of the story followed the rest of the movie :D ","Summary":" Prompt: Cage does not lose the power. After the ambush and car crash in London, they get arrested b"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Iterations 114 - 172","Author":"Darkpenn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12179938","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Iterations #114 - #172 – Come Find Me In the depths of disaster, a thread of hope There were dropships everywhere, damaged, out of control, on fire, a lucky few managing to turn for home but more of them exploding in mid-air or ploughing into the unforgiving beach. But he was looking for a particular one, one with a distinctive painted nose, like the toothy grin of a T-Rex skull. He almost smiled when he thought that that had been one of his ideas, years ago – how many? He didn't know – when he worked in PR, when he was still part of the real world. He saw it: it was in trouble, spiralling into a crash landing. He dived into a hole as it skidded past, taking out a dozen soldiers before it ground to a halt. And from the gash in its side came a squad of soldiers, big guys with big guns, already firing at the mimics spinning out of the sand. And then there was Rita Vrataski, red slash markings on her jacket, already swinging that chopper-rotor sword and traversing the angel-wing guns. Born to kill. Full Metal – And then she got taken out. He shouted \"Incoming!\" as he launched himself at her, knocking her down and out of the way of the danger. But he took something in the chest, he could feel the blood flowing, and she was telling him there was a hole there. And then she ... wait, could she be ... ? \"Hey, did you just take my ... my battery?\" he said. But she was already walking away. And a mimic was squirming towards him, and he couldn't even move. Damn, she took his battery! What a bitch! He heard himself say: \"Holy f – \" This time he got there earlier, even though it meant knowing that Kimble would be mashed flat. It took him several tries: that burst of flame got him once and that damn truck ran him over in no fewer than five iterations. But eventually he got there in time, and knocked her back into the interior of the crashed dropship. He realised, the first time he did that, that he had no idea what he was hoping to achieve. There was only a vague plan in his mind that she might be able to call for an evacuation. Somehow, the mimics had known they were coming. A quarter of the UDF army, maybe more, had been slaughtered in the air or had not made it out of the shallows. The helicopter gunships that had been meant to provide covering fire had been knocked out of the sky by the energy bolts – or whatever they were – of the mimics. The invasion had failed. Maybe what was left could be salvaged. But even if he was able to get to a radio he knew that he would be the last person that General Brigham would listen to. There was a possibility, though, that he would listen to Vrataski, Angel of Verdun, his most decorated soldier. A slim possibility. Very slim. \"You have to call for an evacuation!\" he shouted to her. Her response: \"Get off me!\" And then a mimic hit them, tearing through the roof of the dropship. He rolled off her, and shouted: \"You have to call for an evacuation!\" He lifted his gun, trying to guess where the mimic was. He guessed wrong. He rolled off her, and shouted: \"You have to call for an evacuation!\" He lifted his gun, trying to guess where the mimic was. He hit it. \"What?\" she said. \"Who the fuck are you!?\" \"We're getting slaughtered,\" he said. \"You have to radio the General, call for an evacuation force.\" She looked out at the beach, saw what was happening. \"Two problems, arsehole,\" she said. \"First, no working radio. Second, no evacuation force. This invasion was all-or-nothing. No reserves, no back-up.\" And then another mimic came in from the side. He fired at the mimic on the roof, and it screamed as the bullets tore into it. It tried to evade but he knew where it was going to go. \"You have to get what's left of the army organised!\" he said. \"You're the only one that can do it! They'll listen to you!\" He put a grenade into the one coming up from the side. She stared. Then she hauled herself up, grabbed her sword. She ran outside and into a pack of mimics. She was in the air, swinging, smashing the blade into the heart of one while she fired a rocket into another. Cage had seen it before but every time he was impressed. He took out a mimic that was coming up behind her. And then the dropship exp – He took out a mimic that was coming up behind her and then ran, pushing her away from the imminent explosion. They made it to the relative safety of a ditch. They paused to reload. \"How did you get to be so good at this?\" she said, staring at him. He had the feeling that she was not just making casual conversation. \"You in the Special Forces?\" \"No, I used to be in Army Media Relations,\" he said. \"How about you?\" \"Me?\" she said. \"I used to work in a supermarket. Tesco. Stacking shelves. I was ... nothing.\" \"Then how did you get to be the Angel of Verdun?\" She stared again. She started to say: \"This isn't the first – \" And then a tentacle speared through her. And another mimic was coming at him. They made it to the relative safety of a different ditch, and again paused to reload. \"You need to get everyone that's left organised ,\" he said. \"They know you, they'll listen to you, maybe we can make a stand behind those wrecked hovercrafts over there, set up a strongpoint.\" She looked around. There wasn't much left to organise. There was a whistling sound. And then the energy bolt hit them. Okay, so trying to take cover in a ditch, any ditch, was not going to work. Back to the dropship. He slammed into her, knocking her down. \"I'm sorry, I'm trying to save you,\" he said, lifting his gun and firing at the ceiling. The mimic there screamed. \"You have to get us off this beach.\" On his right, grenade. \"We have to go, this dropship is about to explode,\" he said, as they both struggled to their feet. \"We have to go now.\" They made it to the hole in the side. \"Wait,\" he said. Another mimic came leaping at them, but he was ready and gave it a full blast. It leaped onto the roof of the dropship. Rita watched as this guy – he hadn't said his name – jumped through the gash in the hull and turned, continuing to fire at the mimic until it went down. He finished it off with a grenade. \"Come on!\" he said. And then she knew. \"Come on!\" he said again. \"This ship is going to explode.\" She stopped, staring at him. She threw her sword down. She started to say something. He wasn't close enough to hear it. She threw her sword down. \"What are you doing!?\" he said. He took a few steps back towards her. \"Find me – \" Explosion. \" – when you – \" \"What!?\" He pushed her out of the dropship, onto the beach. He ran past her, firing at a mimic. He turned back to her, to see her throwing her sword down. He took a few steps towards her. She said: \"Find me. When you wake up.\" \"What!?\" \"Come find me. When you wake up.\" The ship exploded, an obliterating ball of fire. \"On your feet, maggot!\" He saw the bus pass. Saw her face. Come find me. END ","Summary":" Iterations #114 - #172 – Come Find Me In the depths of disaster, a thread of hope There were dropsh"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Iteration 113 - J Squad","Author":"Darkpenn","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12176704","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Iteration #113 – J Squad Sometimes, the future is just a matter of fate. \"Hey, mate, I think there's something wrong with your suit,\" said some Brit guy on the other side of the dropship. \"Yeah, there's a dead man in it,\" said Cage. After 113 times, he didn't find it funny. Although he hadn't found it funny the first time. But it shut everyone up. He checked his equipment. At least there was never any trouble getting more clips for the 556 and the additional grenades. And now he had the extra pop-up guns – known as angel wings – on his back. It had taken him a dozen tries to learn how to use them properly but now he thought he had the hang of them. And he had learned to keep an extra grenade in an inside pocket. Sergeant Farell was walking through the ranks of soldiers, as the drop-doors in the floor swung open. \" ... thirty seconds to deploy, ready to activate drop lines ... \" he was saying. It started a moment after that, like it always did. An explosion in the front of the ship, sweeping H squad away in a blast of flames. The soldiers were supposed to release in sequence but Cage had learned that his best option was to go immediately. He hit the release and was on the beach in a few seconds. He looked around for Kimble. Yes, there he was, shouting that he had made it and totally oblivious to the flaming dropship about to fall on him. Cage grabbed him by the shoulder and pulled him away – again – as the ship ploughed into the sand. He closed his eyes to avoid the shower of dirt. But he was glad he had abandoned the helmet a dozen iterations ago. Damn thing was more hindrance than help. \"That way,\" said Cage to the big guy. \"J squad is that way.\" \"How ... where ... how do you know?\" said Kimble, trying to peer through the confusion of soldiers, smoke, wrecks and bodies. Cage said nothing. Here, now, explanations were somewhat beside the point. He knew that Sergeant Farell, Nance, Ford, Skinner, Griff, and Kuntz were in a crater fifty metres away. Right about now, Sergeant Farell would be telling Nance to provide a sitrep. Except it wasn't a crater. It was a mimic hole. Cage began to run, flicking the safety off his gun, Kimble panting along behind. The mimic was coming up behind the squad, spinning its way out of the sand. \"Down!\" he shouted, running around the lip of the crater and firing burst after burst. The mimic screamed and convulsed, severed tentacles flying off. Cage leaped in, smashing the armoured fist of his left hand into the centre of it. \"Holy ... shit,\" said Nance. \"Well, Private Cage, it looks as if you might be more than deadweight after all,\" said Sergeant Farell. \"But where's your helmet, soldier?\" \"We have to get out of here,\" said Cage. \"There are mimics about to come up on that side and that side, and in about ten seconds you'll see a whole wave of them coming over that rise at us. If we stay here we all die. Will die.\" A mimic suddenly appeared at the edge of the crater, just as Cage had predicted. He was already firing at it, enough to stop it in its tracks. The others joined in, Kimble finishing it off with his big gun. \"That side!\" shouted Cage, and everyone turned in that direction. Another one, and their combined fire put it down. \"Uh, Sergeant, we have incoming, 500 metres!\" shouted Nance, peering through the field-glasses. Sergeant Farell looked over the edge. \"Here they come,\" he said. \"Mean as hell – \" \"And thick as grass,\" finished Cage. \"Uh, yeah,\" said Sergeant Farell. \"Damn lot of them,\" said Griff. \"Damn lot.\" Cage tried to remember what had happened last time. He had told Farell that they had to move from this hole. Farell had refused, with a look that said his command would not be questioned. And they were all dead a minute later. \"Sergeant Farell,\" said Cage. \"When I was coming in I saw a ridge over there. It ... it might be a better firing position.\" \"Are you suggesting a retreat, Private?\" \"Definitely not, Sergeant. I'm just saying that from that elevated position we ... we might be better placed to take them as they come up.\" Sergeant Farell looked at the incoming horde of mimics and then at the ridge Cage had indicated. \"Well, you might just have a decent idea there, Private Cage,\" said Sergeant Farell. He gestured to the squad to fall back to the ridge. \"Wait!\" said Cage. \"There's one coming – \" A mimic suddenly came leaping at them. Cage deployed the angel wings and put two rockets into it, mid-air. He finished it off with his grenade launcher as it fell. \"Whoa,\" said Ford. \"Outstanding,\" said Sergeant Farell. \"I thought you said you hadn't been in a jacket before,\" said Griff. \"I've done it ... a bit,\" said Cage. They reached the ridge. Damn, it's working, Cage thought. I've been able to save them. So far. The avalanche of mimics was coming on. This, thought Cage, is where the last one ended. One came at me – \"There!\" he shouted, turning to fire at a mimic that had come swirling up from behind. He dodged aside as the tentacle that had killed him last time lashed out. He put two grenades down its throat – if that was its throat – and it exploded into fragments. \"Mow 'em,\" said Sergeant Farell. The squad fired and fired at the charging aliens, guns and grenades and rockets and Kimble's cannon. For a moment, the mimics wavered ... and then the cascade changed direction, heading towards the remaining soldiers on the beach. They chopped their way through them, past the wrecked landing craft and downed choppers, and into the water. \"Woo-hoo!\" shouted Griff. \"We saw them off!\" \"But now they're heading for England,\" said Cage. \"There's nothing to stop them.\" \"Stay focused on our situation, ladies,\" said Sergeant Farell. \"We have enough business right here.\" And, indeed, there were mimics, singly or in small groups, coming at them, from all directions. Dozens. Hundreds. More. \"This is not good,\" muttered Kuntz. \"Just means more targets,\" said Sergeant Farell, as they all began to fire. \"I think there are more of them than we have bullets,\" said Nance. The squad, back-to-back now, was putting down a storm of fire. Shooting and re-loading and firing and covering each other as they re-loaded again. Until – \"I'm out!\" said Ford. \"Me too!\" said Griff. Skinner started to say something – but a tentacle speared him through the chest before he could get it out. It lifted him up and away. Nance threw her empty gun down. She pulled out a Bowie-style knife. \"Come on, bitches,\" she murmured. \"Got some Louisiana steel for you.\" She gave a yell and plunged into the mimic throng. Cage, with his extra ammunition, was still firing. But he saw Ford and Griff go down. And then Kimble, swarmed as he swung his big gun like a club. Sergeant Farell looked at the wave of mimics. \"The fiery crucible,\" he said, softly. And then a tentacle speared him. Goddamn goddamn goddamn , thought Cage. I really thought I had it that time. And then he realised he could not save them. And even if he did, what would be the point? It was a dead-end. He needed a different sort of help. A different strategy. Something scratched at his mind. What was it he saw every time he woke up? His guns clicked on empty. Mimics were coming at him from every side. He reached into his pocket, felt for the last grenade. It was less painful, he knew, than death by tentacles. As he pulled the pin, he thought: Next time, as soon as I hit this fucking beach, I've got to find the Full Metal Bitch. Then: \"Wake up, maggot!\" END ","Summary":" Iteration #113 – J Squad Sometimes, the future is just a matter of fate. \"Hey, mate, I think there"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"A Soldier's Value","Author":"whiteraven1606","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10945449","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He spent loops and loops trying to learn how to fight when he'd never even gone through more combat training than Basic and that had been at Fort Jackson, which he'd figured out pretty quick was softer than the other two training Forts on the Guard and ROTC signups. Kid, she'd called him once just before she'd shot him again. For what seemed like the millionth time, but was somewhere in the second hundred at least. He'd lost count while trying to train in her bay. \"Vrataski, just wait...wait a second.\" He held out his hand as she started towards him with her pistol. \"You're knee is dislocated, Cage.\" \"Right, right. I know I have to reset, but I've got a question first.\" She narrowed her eyes at him in that way he'd long ago come to recognize as her about to shoot him anyway. \"Seriously. One question and you can shoot me, okay?\" She squatted down beside him. \"Fine.\" \"Thank you.\" He pushed himself up as much as the exo-suit's still intact arm would lift him. \"Before Verdun, were you even half as bad at this as I am now?\" Rita snorted. \"Really, that's your question?\" \"Yeah.\" He shrugged one shoulder. \"I didn't have combat training. I was just a pretty face with a good voice that could spin the propaganda machine.\" She glanced over his exo-suit. \"Do I frown at you as much as when you started coming to me?\" \"What?\" He grimaced as his knee protested its existence. \"No. Maybe?\" \"Good. Then you are getting somewhere.\" She lifted her pistol. Loops later, William leaned, exhausted, against the wall of her bay as she lectured him on ducking faster. \"Why is your exo-suit a different color?\" \"What?\" He grinned up at her as he maneuvered his suit upright. \"Different color.\" He lifted his chin at her. \"It wasn't before you looped, right?\" She flicked her eyes up and down him. \"Right.\" She checked over her shoulder for stragglers hanging around the front of the bay before stepping closer. \"What's your point, Cage?\" \"You got it painted different because you knew that you were going to become the face of the war. No one had ever seen anyone move with an exo-suit on like you can until you did it, but how many loops did it take you to get that comfortable with it?\" She stocked over to the bay's controls. \"Break is over.\" She hit the start button with enough force he could hear the button creak clear across the bay. He expected the death that got him seconds later. He got tired of dying in the training bay somewhere in the four hundreds. One loop, far too early to be actually useful to getting them anywhere at all, he told her she'd said she thought he was ready to drop and get them off the beach. She'd frowned the frown he knew meant she thought he was shitting her, but agreed to meet on the battle field the next morning. He got back to J Squad and went about learning more about them as they played poker several cards short of a full deck before turning in for the night. The next morning he endured the drop and left the squad to their deaths. He avoided Vrataski's dropship and headed across the beach, noting placements of Mimics as he went. It took her longer to catch up to him than he expected. \"What the hell, Cage? I thought you were meeting me.\" He kept moving forward. \"Doesn't matter.\" She easily kept pace with him. \"What?\" He stopped. \"It doesn't matter. None of it. They die, you die, I die.\" He leaned in towards her face. \"None of it matters.\" She pursed her lips for a couple of moments and then she nodded. \"Take the next loop and talk to the soldiers. Low level. The cannon fodder. Talk to them, Cage.\" Then she brought up her weapons and trained them on him. He jolted up as he was yelled at again. He looked around at the soldiers busy doing their PT and prepping as the boots and clothes were shoved into his cuffed hands. \"Talk to them.\" Master Sergeant Farell frowned at him as he approached. \"What'd you say, maggot?\" He straightened his shoulders. \"Nothing, Master Sergeant.\" He followed along dutifully until he was released to the mercy of J Squad. \"I know you all don't like me and that's just fine. I don't expect any of you to watch my back tomorrow. I just...I have a question for each of you.\" He held up his hands as they all started frowning at him. \"Nothing bad. Nothing...illegal. I just...want to know why it matters.\" Nance narrowed her eyes at him. \"Why what matters?\" \"The invasion tomorrow.\" He shook his head as Kuntz started to move towards him. \"I'm not trying to tell you not to go. Honest. I just...Someone told me to ask why soldiers fight. Why...why you go into the face of death. Why does it matter?\" Nance stared at him. \"You aren't fucking kidding?\" \"No.\" He settled on the end of the bed they'd had the poker game on. \"I'm serious.\" Ford came around and squatted down in front of him. \"You high or something?\" He shook his head. \"No. I'd explain, but it'd take a while to get any of you to believe me.\" Kimmel lumbered forward and leaned in to look him over carefully. \"Drunk maybe?\" \"Not drunk.\" He looked up at Nance. \"Please?\" \"Sure, why not.\" Nance sat down on the cot across from him. \"If we don't, who will fight?\" Ford rubbed the back of his neck with his hand. \"I fight for my fellow soldiers.\" He glanced up at Cage. \"If we don't stand together we're all gonna die.\" Kuntz snorted. \"Soldiers protect. With our lives if necessary.\" \"Yeah.\" Nance nodded. \"We protect. We fight so others do not have to make the choices we do.\" Griff uncrossed his arms and moved a little closer. \"We're good at what we do.\" He nodded. \"Right. Those are all things you hear on the recruitment posters.\" Skinner crowded closer. \"Shut up, asshole.\" William looked them over. \"Listen, let's say, for shits and giggles, that I'm stuck in a time loop and I'm worn down from looping. Pointless looping and I needed something to keep me going so I could figure out how to win us the war, then what would you say?\" They scoffed and dispersed except for Ford. William looked at his hands as Ford watched him. \"How many loops?\" \"I lost count. Somewhere in the four hundreds.\" Ford blinked. \"Okay. You're batshit. That's awesome. I love the prospect of going into combat with another crazy ass person.\" He cocked his head. \"But...let's say, for fun, that you're doing the whole Groundhog Day thing. Fighting matters because giving up won't help either.\" William blinked. \"What?\" \"Giving up won't do you any good. Running won't help. The war is still there. The enemy is still heading for London. They won't stop just because you're tired. They won't spare you because you're scared or tired or just done. No one is libel to get through tomorrow alive, but we all know we're going because we are soldiers.\" Nance clapped Ford on the shoulder. \"And that's why you'll last longer than deserter boy there. You're optimistic.\" William stood up. \"Where you going?\" \"I need a pistol.\" \"Were you taught nothing in Basic? You call it a weapon, never a pistol. It's a handgun, deserter.\" \"Fine. I need a weapon. A handgun.\" Skinner exchanged looks with Ford. \"What for?\" \"I need to kill myself.\" William sat up. It'd taken him far too long to get a weapon to reset himself with all of J Squad literally sitting on him. The fading memory of broken ribs was not anymore fun than some of his deaths in Rita's training bay. He hurried through the loop until he could get away from J Squad. He didn't go straight to Vrataski. Instead he spent most of the day talking to various soldiers. He learned they believed the values he'd just been spouting. They would stand together against nearly anything as long as the soldiers they stood with were right there with them. He found himself an American soldier with a soldier's handbook in her cargo pocket. She loaned it to him after some persuasion. He read the whole thing. He looked over her worn soldier's values card from her pocket as she told him that she was what stood between the Mimics and her country. William gave her book back to her and went to find Vrataski. \"What?\" He shrugged. \"Short version is I'm like you were and I'm been looping. I did what you said and I need a reset. You seem to like shooting me so I thought I'd give you the opportunity.\" She blinked, tilted her head, and narrowed her eyes at him. \"You can't shoot yourself?\" William swallowed. \"I'd rather not.\" \"Huh.\" She pulled her weapon from its holster. \"You must be early days then.\" He started to ask her about it when she pointed her weapon at him. William ran through the invasion day a few times as he thought about what it meant that she'd said that. He quit trying to save Kimmel because he still wasn't always fast enough to get there without getting crushed himself sometimes. He wasn't sure if maybe that was in the top ten of his most hated ways to die. He got more Mimic placements memorized before giving in and going back to Vrataski on the next reset. She watched him enter her training bay. \"What do you want?\" \"You know, you don't always say the same thing from loop to loop. I wondered about that, but you'd just say that you were changeable.\" She stood up and came closer. \"Who are you?\" \"I'm Major William Cage and I'm stuck in a time loop like you were. You've been training me to fight.\" She nodded. \"Alright. Ready to go again?\" \"Can I ask a question real quick first?\" Rita arched an eyebrow at her. \"What?\" \"Did you ever need to take a loop off?\" \"Why are you here if you aren't ready to train?\" \"I am, I am. I just...\" He frowned as she stared at him. \"Ever?\" Rita's expression softened. \"Yes. I sometimes had to remind myself why I was fighting.\" \"Yeah.\" William took a deep breathe. \"Okay. I'm ready to go again.\" ","Summary":" He spent loops and loops trying to learn how to fight when he'd never even gone through more combat"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"winning","Author":"Emmel1118","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11629886","Passage":"[Chapter 1] winning /-/ come find me when you wake up … Live. Die. Repeat. (that was how it was in Verdun. Now things are different - now there's another step: Live. Die. Forget. Repeat. it's a vital difference) … She realises, looking into his eyes, exactly what is going on. She sees herself looking back at her. The tired eyes, the confusion – the why me, the why do I get to watch everyone die again and again and again? She knows that she's probably going to die soon and he's going to wake up exactly where he woke this morning; no blood, no guts, no death. She yells at him and hopes that he will understand. Hopes that she will too – if he finds her, and tells her because she won't know, because in a few seconds she is going to be dead and then she will forget. She wonders what she's letting him in for. She knows there's only one way this ends up. She wonders if this man she's only just met will be strong enough to watch her die again and again and again. Because, sure as hell, he will have to. Then the ship explodes. She dies, not for the first time and to him, not for the last. She wakes up, just like him; no blood, no guts, no death. No memory, either. … Every time it's the same. No matter how far they go, no matter how things change between them, she dies, he dies, things reset and her memory goes with it. When she can remember him, when they're in the middle of the battle, or training or somewhere in France in a battered car; she knows exactly how it feels to be him, because she was, in essence. She died and died and died again and every time she woke up in the same place; her mind full of images and memories and nightmares for something that to everyone else never happened. She understands him, and his clouded eyes and robotic body language. Can forgive him for the way he knows exactly what is going to happen before it does – because she was him, once. She knows how much it can break your heart. And then, the drop ship explodes or she gets shot or torn to pieces and she forgets it all. … One time, when they're in the farmhouse, and it's dark and cold and the damn helicopter won't work, she thinks about what might happen if they get it right. What then? She'll have a future, he'll have a future. What then? She puts the thought out of her mind. And promises herself she'll never think of it again. But every time, her memory fades so it's a promise she can never keep. … Once, she dies so horribly, so painfully – she's glad she will forget. … Once, he makes her tell him more than she's told anyone in a long time. Then, later, when the mimics have attacked, she shoots him knowing that it means he will get to remember this, and she never will. … Once – once mind, or at least she thinks it's the first time – she lets him hold her. … Once, they make love in the farmhouse somewhere in the middle of France, a natural development from the holding she can't remember and that happened so long ago for him. This only happens once, he tells her later and she believes him. She can see the pain it caused him, written in his eyes. … Once, she dies, and then he dies. Oh, sorry – every time, every time they die. … Once, they get separated on the beach and she watches him die from afar – he clearly hasn't been though this many times and his aim is a little off. She ends up alone in the caravan park, more by luck than design. She sits down for a little while, knowing she should just grab her pistol and end it all now. She never considered what it was like for those left behind, not when she was in Verdun. She thought about herself, that was all. Now, she thinks about all the people who die, every time, on this beach. About how she could have died hundreds of times for him and to her this is the first. She wonders just how well he knows her. She shivers, grabs her pistol. The world goes black, pain ripples though her. She hopes to god she never thinks about that again. It's one benefit of forgetting it all, she guesses – the horrors go away each time now, unlike Verdun, unlike for Cage, where the horrors get built on, get ingrained until you become desensitised, become able to look them in the eye. But even then, Rita might take forgetting over them. … When she sees on the news that the war is over, she doesn't believe it. She also doesn't know she gave her life so many times to help destroy it – that she helped to defeat the enemy, to end the war. Then a man appears out of nowhere, a fantastical man with wild stories. She looks him in the face, frowning. She recognises those eyes, but she can't place from where. He smiles at her. Over the coming days, weeks, months, this stranger who looks at her like she is the world tells her a series of stories, all containing a woman who is her but not her. When he finally finishes, when he finally tells her everything – even the hard parts, even the parts that broke him – she looks at him, with tears in her eyes. It's been nine months since a stranger began to tell her their story. He is no longer a stranger, and yet she thinks he will always know her better than she knows him. He does have the advantage of so much more time, after all. She is – was - the Full Metal Bitch. She doesn't cry. But she does then. Cage – he told her she never called him anything else – is lying beside her. The light is slanting through the windows, casting the room in a soft glow. They are lovers – what did she expect? The man knows her inside out, and despite it being nine months since they met for her – he has known her for so much longer, has loved her for so much longer. It didn't take her long to fall in love with him in return – not when he knew everything about her, down to her darkest secrets. She cries, though, because she can't remember. He tells her stories, memories for him – they are real, they happened and yet the Rita in them could be anyone - they are certainly not her. She knows that remembering would mean the blood and the guts and the death, but they would mean knowing him, too. She cries because she can never remember. Because it always went the same way – live, die, forget, repeat. Because she will always be chasing the wisps of memories that don't exist. But then she smiles, because at least she has now. At least they have now. … ","Summary":" winning /-/ come find me when you wake up … Live. Die. Repeat. (that was how it was in Verdun. Now "},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Sometimes You Need to Hear the Words","Author":"Remnant Stars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10599512","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A sequel to my other EoT oneshots. It's pretty much pure fluff, mushy and without plot. Mostly brief moments shared between them. The next one shot will feature more action I hope. Thanks for reading! To be honest, I can't remember if they went in-depth about either Rita's or William's backgrounds, besides the scene with Sgt. Farrell and their discussion about William's hometown Cranberry, New Jersey. I have no idea if such a place exists but I expanded on that. As for Rita, in All You Need is Kill , she is originally from the Midwest, a former farm girl I think. Obviously she can't be from the Midwest if I'm following the movie plot but I kept the farm girl aspect, and also kept the part where her parents were killed by Mimics. Anything else was creative license on my part. Disclaimer: Nothing belongs to me. Also all mistakes are my own. Rita and William were eventually discharged from the military. There was no need for soldiers, no need for even distinguished soldiers to remain in a military with no war to fight. It was a freeing feeling. They traveled together, both agreeing without words that they could not settle, not yet. They were from different countries and even fighting a war, living in one country for so many months did not mean that Cage could stay indefinitely. He was loathe to return to the states without Rita. She made it easy for him, asking to go with him before he'd decided what he should do. As much as he'd grown to appreciate the country of Rita's birth, he found himself eager to return home. And he was thrilled that Rita chose to return with him. There was so much that needed to be rebuilt after the war, and very little that Rita, as a former farm girl, or William, as an ad exec, could do to assist. They were both strong, capable of physical labor, but the United Defense Force did not want their help. They were simply pawns to those in power, and Rita in particular, was a danger to the balance of power. She was a war hero, intelligent, strong-willed and well-loved. If she wanted to run for office, she could and she would win. But Rita had as much interest in politics as she did in fighting another war. The world of politics was too corrupted for her presence to make any real difference. Her stints in psychiatric wards, or horrific memories of being cut open without consent proved it. There had been no trial, simply a word from the General and she was no longer a free citizen, no longer a person in the eyes of the law. And she was dealt with accordingly. She felt the need to escape from the public eye for even a short while, and what William offered she gratefully accepted. Their relationship was now clear, to them and all those who watched. She did not shy from public displays of affection. Rather she was often the one to initiate them, staking her claim on him for all to see. William found it arousing, and slightly worrying. She was a private person by nature yet she seemed to want to flaunt their relationship and he often wondered why. To Rita it was simple. She'd lost Hendricks to the war against the Mimics and it had proven to her how short life truly was. She and William had wasted so many weeks, losing time to their own indecision and sidestepping of what they felt. William was attractive, with women throwing themselves at him daily. She would not lose him either, she couldn't bear it. Not to some other woman, not to her own doubts, not to another war. So yes, she'd staked her claim for everyone to see, to leave no doubt in theirs or William's mind that she was serious about what she felt for him. Perhaps it was an act of desperation on her part. She still had nightmares of Hendricks' deaths, too many for one person to endure. She'd nearly convinced herself that it hadn't been love, what she'd felt for Hendricks, merely infatuation. And the thought scared her. If she could explain away her own feelings for a man she'd once loved so fiercely, then how long would it take William to convince himself that he did not love her? In truth, she'd loved Hendricks, how could she not? They'd fought side by side, clung to each other in their darkest moments, in the midst of a battle that was certain to mean both their deaths. To share so much could only inspire love, but if that love was lasting was the question. They'd kissed desperately, spoken words of devotion that she was certain he hadn't felt, not entirely. It had been one day and night in his life, and to her it had been an eternity. But even the memory of his face was starting to fade into a fuzzy image she'd tried desperately to recall. Was it because she'd found someone else? Or was it because the infatuation she'd felt for him was wearing off? How did she and William's relationship differ? Some part of her had recognized him from the moment he'd stepped into her field of vision. Some part of her had jumped into awareness simply at his presence. She was certain Hendricks had never felt that. She and William, they'd died and reset the day, shared a bond no one else in the world would ever understand. And she clung to the idea that through this, what she'd felt, what he felt was genuine. She'd remembered him, not his face, or his voice or his laugh. It was deeper, intangible, through the impact he'd made on her life, irrevocably changing it for the better. If she didn't already believe the only fate you had was one you set yourself, then perhaps she'd believe they were meant to meet. There was one more obstacle in their relationship that she knew William was waiting for her to overcome, so patiently she wanted to cry at her luck in finding him. The words were often unspoken, hanging between them with so much anticipation. Rita held them back consciously, unwilling to give the world any reason to tear them apart. It was too much, having him at her side after everything she'd seen. She still dreamed of the pain of being split open, of being conscious and watching as they dissected her with such clinical fascination. She still dreamed of sitting in a padded room in a straight jacket and hearing the world being torn apart around her, waiting to be found, so helpless she'd been terrified. There had been so many possible endings to her life, and yet she'd been given this one. It was stupid and superstitious but her fear held the words back. William sometimes said them, quietly when he thought she was asleep, whispering them into her hair as he held her. He said them with his eyes every time he looked at her, the feeling overwhelming her. She understood he was giving her time, perhaps unable to believe that she could feel what he did. She wished he could be the braver one, taking that step that she seemed unable to overcome. It should have been easy. How many times had a man said the words to her in a moment of passion? The words were so often empty, a knee-jerk reaction to show his appreciation during sex. And she and William had sex quite regularly. She was often sore in ways she'd never remembered ever being. Their passion for each other seemed unending, the need to be pressed as close as humanly possible so prevalent she often jumped him at random moments. Often simply watching made her knees weak, the ache for him sharp between her legs. It could be the way his lips tilted upwards when he smiled, or the cute way his brow creased in confusion or even the way the sweat slid down his chest after a workout. She'd never been so hungry for someone in her life. And he returned her passion equally. It was at the point that if he'd asked her, she would agree to marry him that day. Find a judge or courtroom or even fly to Vegas, anything that could bind him to her eternally. And still the words would not come. Rita had never been outside of Europe so Cage was determined that she see the best that his home country had to offer. He thought about starting from his semi-permanent home in New Jersey but decided to save it for last. They started in Colorado, It was late fall and already the ground was blanketed in several inches of snow. Cage delighted in showing Rita how to ski and snowboard. She'd picked it up quickly and he loved seeing her after a race down the slope, her cheeks flushed from the cold air. They'd spent days on the slopes, or touring the state and nights in their mountain resort, keeping each other warm in their bed or by the fireplace. He learned much about her life as a former self-proclaimed farm girl. He learned of her family, her parents long-dead. He told her of his own childhood spent in poverty but with parents that had loved him. He told her of his drive to be more than what his parents wanted for him, a tomato farmer or small-town doctor. He told her of his compulsion to gain wealth and status in equal measure. It was how he'd joined the U.S. military, the attention appealing to his sense of self-importance, even if the pay could not compare to his former life. He was no longer that man, and Rita was quick to forgive his past selfishness. They spent much of the relatively mild winter in Colorado before driving down through the country to California, rerouting several times simply to travel to whatever tourist attraction caught Rita's interest. It was nice for Cage to simply be another tourist, never having seen so much of his country before. Their stay in California was short, driving from one place to another, staying at a hotel for no longer than a few nights. Still, it was bliss, to have no responsibility for such a short time at least. Soon reality would encroach on their vacation, and they would have to make some heavy decisions. After California it was back north, to his home state with more tourism along the way. They made it to New Jersey in the middle of April. He'd long moved on from the small town of Cranberry but to him the state was nostalgic and it was one place he felt at home. Newark was the fast-growing city he'd called home when he wasn't abroad. It was enough of a bustling metropolis that his ad company had thrived, with frequent trips to Philadelphia and New York to supplement his client base. Yet it was small enough that it felt laid-back compared to much larger cities. Cherry blossom trees lined the streets of his own neighborhood, giving the air a generally pleasant scent despite the expected pollution. Rita loved them on sight. The weather had been particularly mild this year and the blossoms had bloomed earlier than expected, almost as if foreshadowing the days after the war. Too long had the world been focused on an end of days scenario, and now it seemed they were all ready to breathe a sigh of relief and somehow move on from the shadows of the past. William brought Rita to his townhouse, not overly large, but lavishly furnished. The old him might have flaunted his wealth to Rita, his chest puffing like some proud peacock at the spoils he'd managed to collect. Now he looked around his home with a sense of shame, his once prized possessions becoming meaningless, proof of his past foolishness. Yet Rita simply smiled at his discomfort, easing him with warm words and gentle affection. She could admit that she'd never lived with such wealth, and her own sense of shame was easy for him to read and dismiss. They'd lived worlds apart, not just in location, but in any other way that might have kept them far apart. Economically, socially, with different values and goals. Yet it seemed silly now, knowing each other as well as they did, that they would have found happiness with anyone else. Rita would never forget Hendricks, a brave man, and cherished friend. But the sense of hurt and loss had faded, the guilt slipping away the more that William shared with her, the more he opened himself to her scrutiny. She could almost believe that if Hendricks happened to be anywhere looking down on her, that he would smile at the piece of happiness she'd found for herself. Their first week was spent by William showing her the sights, even driving her out to Cranberry to show her his old home, to meet the parents that he'd spent years avoiding. They'd loved her on sight, remarking that her accent was the nicest they'd ever heard. They were simple people, but William no longer felt embarrassed by them. They'd done their best by him and Rita seemed enamored with them. She said they reminded her of her own parents, long dead by Mimics. William could only hold her as she sobbed after his parents had stated they'd always wanted a daughter. They'd returned to William's house, and after refraining from sex while staying with his parents, they'd christened every room in his home. It was only afterward, when Rita was snuggled close to William on his soft, but overstuffed, couch that she began to think about what everything meant. With William, she was home. She had no particular desire to return across the ocean, except perhaps to visit. A return would only herald the media frenzy that had followed her around the last few months. Here, though still a war hero, she went largely unnoticed. The United States was picking up the pieces, and the media was swamped with news of clean-up efforts, and a return to some form of stability. They had their own heroes that they chose to highlight, even playing segments of William's recruitment ads, much to his horror. At home she would be pressured, to take office, to make some difference in the nation that had lost so much. She found she was tired of all the attention, the nicknames, the praise they shoved in her face, even as they ridiculed her behind her back. Hadn't saving the world been enough? She'd once lost everything to the Mimics, to the fight against them. She figured she was due something in return. As she watched William, her on her back and he on his side, she was filled with a deep gratitude. He was a patient man, a better man then she perhaps deserved after all her mistakes, and all the deaths she hadn't been able to prevent. Yet he'd done it, saved them all without a single drop of blood shed, without a single casket sent home to grieving families. She didn't resent him for it, she loved him for it. Even if he'd believed that he was leading them to their deaths. His eyes remained towards her, though unfocused, seeing through her. She traced the lines of his mouth, the small grooves and skin imperfections that she so adored. He smiled at her, the affection shining through his expression. He loved her and she'd never had any doubt about his feelings. And only the world ending would take him away from her. It was as if a heavy burden was lifted from her shoulders as she realized that he wouldn't turn out like her parents, or Hendricks, that he'd fight tooth and nail to stay by her side. He was a fighter, like she was. It became easy then to say the words she'd been holding back. She could give him this. She could be brave for him. \"I love you, William.\" His eyes became as focused as lasers, and for a moment he stopped breathing. His gaze searched her, the hands that had been idly stroking her hips, and lay still in her hair gripped her tight for just a moment. She knew she'd made the right decision when a smile lit his face. Their lips were graceless in their exuberance, teeth nipping and drawing blood unintentionally. It only stoked their desire to celebrate this moment. He whispered 'I love you' across the features of her skin, his lips pressing against hers again and again. And for that night at least she forgot everything else but him. Hope you enjoyed! I'll get another one of these out soon. Please leave me feedback or even prompts! Anything to keep my muse going! ","Summary":" A sequel to my other EoT oneshots. It's pretty much pure fluff, mushy and without plot. Mostly brie"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Forever Darkness","Author":"Princess Joy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/857397","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It started with me staring up at the night sky, it was an inky, velvetnblue, starless but cloudy. The clouds hung above like something terriblenwas going to happen, a storm perhaps.nSlowly my gaze wandered downwards, surveying the landscape - a small, rockynmountain on which resided a few dead trees and rough patches of coarsengrass and weeds.nThe centrepiece of this mountain though was a crumbling castle, crumblingnyet still very much there. It dominated the landscape like a looming dread,ndark and craggy, with crude gargoyles carved out of grey stone on top ofnthe four towers that spiralled off into the dark sky guarding against whonknows what with the darkness that seemed to seep out of every crack andnopening.nI started walking towards this castle, it was very far away though thenjourney seemed to have lasted shorter than it should have, so in no time Inwas there standing in front of the giant entrance which had lost its doornlong ago.nI peered through the archway to a courtyard that was devastatingly emptynand bare and it almost seemed that the short trip up there had been a wastenof time.nI felt as if I should be there though, but then at the same time I felt anfear that made me want to turn away, but I knew I wouldn't and couldn't.nEverything was silent, no noise came from anywhere except for me. Mynfootsteps that echoed as I continued onwards through the archway and upnsome worn stone steps that climbed the left side of the courtyard, and thennthrough the dark door at the top of them. My breath that came out in softnblasts, surrounding the air by my lips with a small fog.nOnce through the door I entered a damp corridor that had several lockedndoors going off in all directions. I kept on walking up the corridor untilnI came to a door that was open although, yet again, it was dark inside withnonly one candle lighting it. The candle cast its glow over the table thatnit was sitting on and also a small piece of paper that was yellow by thencandle-light and curled very slightly at the edges.nNaturally nosey or just compelled to take a look at the paper, I don'tnknow, but I went over and lifted the candle up to take a closer look. Inpicked the paper up and replaced the candle back on the table. The papernhad nothing on, but I turned it over a few times to check that I hadn'tnmissed anything or just something. There really was nothing, no small rednflower like in 'The Scarlet Pimpernel', no writing, no ink, nothing.nSo consumed in inspecting the paper I was, that I didn't see the figurensitting on the chair opposite me in the shadows, or the other silhouettesnof men that were behind me.nI felt something brush my neck and a chill ran through me. Again somethingnelse brushed past my arm and I threw the paper up in the air letting itnflutter slowly to the ground.nIt was then that I saw the figure on the chair and it was then that Inrealised I would surrounded by creatures, not men.nMy heart was beating faster and I was shaking slightly so I could hear mynbreath coming out in ragged little gasps.nThe figure on the chair got up and walked into the light. \"We've beennexpecting you to show up.\" He said quietly. It was a man with straight,ngreasy black hair that came down to his shoulders and as he looked at me Innoticed his crystal blue eyes, cold, and slightly sinister. He was dressednfrom head to toe in black, all except for an off-white shirt that he worenunder a black jacket. Black boots, black breeches, and extremely pale skinnwhich all added to the eerie vibe that he gave off.n\"Who are you?\" I whispered on an outbreath, still looking at his eyes.n\"You don't need to know my name.\" He said. \"That will come later.\"n\"Later?\" I asked nervously as he paced around me in a somewhat predatorynway.nHe gave a small laugh. \"Don't play the fool with me. You know exactly whatnI'm talking about. Otherwise you would not have come here. Or.\" he stoodndirectly in front of me as he said this. \"Have you come to see the priest?\"nhe sneered the word priest as if it was something dirty or unwanted.nThe creatures behind me sniggered at this. Their laughter sounding likenharsh, throaty coughs.n\"Uh.\" I didn't know what to answer, but the presence of these people wasnextremely threatening.n\"What's the matter, cat got your tongue?\" the man hissed, and as he didnthis I noticed his eye-teeth, they were fangs like that of a beast, ornperhaps a vampire.nI gasped and this set the creatures off laughing again.nI tried to back away but a wall blocked any chance of exit I had, and nownthe creatures, beasts, or whatever the hell they were, were flanking me.nThis was when I realised that there were only two of them, although I wasnpretty certain that before there had been more. Unless their laughter hadnechoed off the walls of this room. They were odd looking beings, likenfierce dogs or hyenas, stood on their back legs, red eyes and salivanfoaming at the side of their mouths and flying off in all directions asnthey laughed still.nAs the vampire started advancing upon me, slowly as if he were enjoying mynfear, a small smile creeping onto his lips, I looked around for an exit.nSomewhere, anywhere.nI saw the doorway through which I had entered beckoning me, wanting me tonrun towards it. And who was I to refuse a welcome like that. I ran towardsnit knocking the vampire backwards with my flailing arms and the creaturesnfollowed me out back into the dark corridor.nI ran and ran with the creatures following me still, breathing heavily andnnot stopping until I came to another open door. This time the room had anwelcoming fire and a man sitting on a wooden chair in front of the fire,nfacing away from me.nI could no longer hear the beasts at my heels as I entered the room,nbreathless and afraid for my life, I quickly closed the door after me.nI was still afraid and I still felt that my life was in danger, but thenfiends that had plagued me before were no longer there and my fear felt anlittle irrational.nIn the few minutes it took me to get my breath back the man in the chairndidn't move, he didn't turn to see who had invaded his space, he just satnwith his head in his hands.nI got the feeling somehow that he wasn't a threat to me and I walked a fewnsteps in his direction before stopping and observing him in silence until Incould bear it no more.n\"Excuse me.\" I said quietly, the sound feeling so loud in the still silencenof the room.nThe man got up with a start, I couldn't figure out why he hadn't heard menslam the door shut when I came in, why he only noticed me when I spoke tonhim.nHe turned to face me. He was wearing a long black cassock that hugged hisnupper body and a white shirt underneath that only showed around his wristsnand neck, peeping up around the collar. I had a sneaking suspicion he wasnthe priest the vampire had so scornfully mentioned.nHe was young, in his twenties and quite handsome. He had short, wavy, darknbrown hair and beautiful dark green eyes, and when he saw me an expressionnfilled with worry and concern came over his face.n\"Who are you?\" he asked me, not moving from where he was standing.n\"I'm sorry.\" I said, my voice shaking, once again afraid lest he cast menout into the hallway again. \"They were chasing me and I had nowhere else tongo. I need your help. You are the priest, aren't you?\"nHis face changed, a small, friendly smile played upon his lips.n\"Yes my child.\" He said, reaching a hand out towards me. An uneasy feelingncame over me and I felt inclined to tell him why I had chanced upon him, sonI explained to him what had happened from where I was standing and when Inhad finished he bowed his head slightly and laced his fingers together andnstarted pacing by the fire.n\"This is not good.\" He said finally and beckoned for me to come closer. Indid so and noticed that he had a small scar that cut into his top lip.n\"Am I doomed?\" I asked him, looking for some reassurance on the matter.nHe put a hand to his head as if he were troubled greatly. \"I believe so. Nonone has encountered those.\" he paused as he searched for a suitable word.n\"Things.\" He said finally, the distain obvious in his voice. \"I try to seengood in everything, but in those monsters there is no good, only evil. Theynare the devils work, I am afraid that they are searching for you even now.\"n\"Oh god.\" I breathed out, I saw him flinch as I blasphemed. \"I'm sorry.\" Insaid quickly, glancing at him and then the floor.nHe gave a small smile. \"That is quite alright.\"nI looked at the fire, the flames eating up the wooden logs that lay at thenbottom, and the glowing embers at the edge. Then a thought came to me.n\"Why do they leave you alone?\" I asked suspiciously. If he was a vampire ornhell-beast too I really was doomed.n\"I do not know.\" He said. \"I have been trying to figure that out for quitena while, that was what I was thinking about when you arrived.\"n\"Oh. Maybe they can't touch you.\" I said, thinking about it. \"Maybe you'rentoo good for them. Maybe you're too close to God.\" I said with a smilenwishing for the life of me that I was immune as this priest. I didn't wantnto die, I don't want to die.nHe didn't answer me, but seemed to be considering the things that I hadnsaid.nI looked towards the door imagining the creatures to be lurking outside innthe corridor, how the hell had I lost them? There was no way that I couldnhave been faster than them, maybe they were just really stupid.n\"Isn't there some way we can get out of here? You do want to leave don'tnyou?\" I asked him.nThe Priest shrugged and sighed. \"I've tried before but I always seem to endnup back in this room.\" He said gesturing to the space around him.n\"Well, why don't you try with me? When is it daybreak? Vampires can't gonout in daylight we can get out then. I promise you we will get out.\" Insaid, noticing for the first time that the room didn't have a window.nHis eyes sparkled with hope and he gave me a small smile. \"Alright.\" Hensaid. \"I will go with you.\"nI smiled right back at him and then there came a rapping on the door. Itnwas sharp and insistent. \"Abbe!\"nI moved closer to the Priest as I recognised the voice as being that of thenVampire.n\"Abbe! Is that girl with you?\" the Vampire growled and the latch began tonbe turned in the door. To be continued.[Chapter 2] The Priest darted towards the door and leaned on I with his full weight while trying to lock it. \"No!\" he called out. \"Why are you locking the door Abbe? Are you lying?\" the Vampire said fiercely and the thick wooden door rattled as he tried to open it with force. \"No!\" he called out again, finally locking the door. \"I would appreciate it if you leave me alone while I'm praying.\" I heard a small, evil laugh from outside the door. \"Praying! Ha! To what? That god of yours that you so fervently believe in.\" \"Yes! Leave me be.\" said the Priest and he stepped away from the door and came back towards me putting a finger to his lips. \"Fine. But I will be back.\" The Vampire said in an assuring and somewhat threatening tone. He left silently, at least I'm assuming he left because I breathed out a huge sigh of relief and the Abbe started talking. \"I cannot do that every time.\" He said and again looked troubled as he ran his fingers through his hair. \"Well, we have to get out of here. We're going to get out of here.\" I said and nodded firmly. I looked around the fairly bare room. \"Do you have any belongings?\" I asked the Abbe. He shook his head slowly and gestured to himself, \"I own only the clothes you see upon me here.\" I bit my lip and smiled as I looked at him. \"Okay, I suppose it's only a waiting game now. In a few hours we should get moving and get out of here without that fiend lurking in the corridors and banging on the door. He must go and rest sometime, although I'm not to sure about those hell-beasts. I'm pretty sure that's what they are, but then, they must sleep some time too.\" I said frowning. I walked to the nearest wall and sat down and leaning against it and hugging my knees. \"I don't even know how I got here.\" I said quietly, wondering how the hell I had actually got there. The Abbe kneeled down beside me and glanced down at the floor before looking at me. \"I don't know how I got here either, my child.\" I gave him a flash of a smile and sighed. \"Call me Jeanne. My name is Jeanne. I know that at least.\" I said the determination of my last few declarations fading in a very few seconds. So for the next few hours we sat in waiting and talked about all kinds of things, and when I felt that it should be light because when I had entered the castle in the darkness of night when there was no sign of morning or of there ever being light in the barren place seemed such a long time before. I pushed myself up, holding the wall for support. My legs were stiff as I had been sitting in the same position for a number of hours and ached when I stood on them. I held out a hand to the Abbe who was fiddling nervously with his rosary as I imagined he did in times of trouble. It was good to see that he still had faith after being stuck in the castle for however long he had been there. He took my hand and smiled gratefully as I helped him up. We stood together looking at the door, it was me that walked towards it first, the Abbe following closely behind. \"Give me the key.\" I whispered, holding out my hand for it. \"No.\" he said. \"I will do it.\" He moved past me and unlocked the door with a trembling hand. He was nervous, as was I. He quietly lifted the latch and opened the door a crack, poking his head out of it and peering into the dim corridor. He looked back at me. \"It's still dark outside.\" He said, a little confused and closed the door again. I shook my head. \"It can't be.\" I said, almost laughing at the absurdity of it. \"It's been hours since I arrived.\" I ducked under his arm and opened the door. He was right, it was still dark, I could see through the window at the end of the corridor. The sky was black still and the air in the corridor seemed heavy, but at least none of the creatures were about. I ducked back under the Abbe's arm closing the door behind myself. \"Maybe we should wait a few more hours.\" I said and stepped away. \"But is it always going to be dark? That is the question we have to ask ourselves.\" The Abbe said turning to face me. \"If it is we should go now.\" I said and reached for the door. He caught my wrist gently with his hand. \"Wha...?\" I began to speak but he silenced me with a look. \"Did you hear that?\" he whispered. I shook my head, but then I heard it. A sniggering, the same harsh noise the hell-beasts had made, coming from the corridor - my heart began to beat faster and I tried to make my breathing silent in case I was heard. \"Abbe...\" came a hissing noise from the corridor. 'It's one of them' I thought as I stared wide-eyed at the latch, expecting it to burst open any moment and one of those foul creatures to enter, slobbering and baring it's sharp, off-white teeth. The Abbe was fingering his rosary again, the beads a little noise as they touched each other. \"Abbe...\" came the voice again, sounding like a whispering steam-train, deep and sinister. \"I know you're in there. You have the girl...give her to us.\" I could almost see their red eyes glinting as they had proudly found where their master's prize was. The Abbe was looking at the door, the thick wooden door that should have served as some kind of protection but was now only a flimsy barrier between life and death. \"Abbe...give us the girl and we will tell you how to get out of here...\" one of the beasts said, letting the bargain hang in the air for a moment before laughing again. I looked at the Abbe, was he going to speak. They knew he was in the room, and it would take just one of them to get inside without much force for they were stronger but by far more stupid than the Vampire and brute force it would be. The Abbe swallowed and licked his dry lips, \"I...erm...\" \"Yes...\" came the raspy reply, urging the Abbe to continue. \"I cannot do it!\" the Abbe said despairingly and leaned on the door with the palms of his hands, looking at the cold, stone below. There was a low fierce growling sound from outside the door and something hit the door, it shook violently and the Abbe backed away with a start. He was breathing heavily, out of fear I imagined, \"What I meant was I cannot do it because I do not know of whom you are talking.\" He said quickly. I heard a few low hisses from behind the door, \" We will tell the Master, Abbe\" and then there were the scratching sounds of claws upon the stone floor that faded and vanished. There was a long silence when neither of us spoke, afraid that the creatures were still there. When convinced that they had gone I spoke, \"We have to leave now!\" I said. \"Yes, I believe that would be the best option.\" The Abbe said, nodding slowly as he spoke. He opened the door a crack, and again peered out into the corridor. He motioned with his hand for me to follow him and we ventured out together into the maze-like innards of the castle. Not wanting to go past the room where I had first encountered the Vampire and his hell-beasts for fear that they were waiting somewhere near there I persuaded the Abbe to try a different route in the opposite direction. My mistake. Very soon we were lost and at any moment I expected to turn a corner and find the room that we had left as the Abbe had done before. \"I think we're lost.\" I whispered to the Abbe holding onto his arm, and feeling the rough fabric of his cassock under my fingers. He turned to face me. It was so dark that I could barely see his face, only shadows of his features and his eyes shining slightly in what little light there was. We were so close that I could feel his warm breath upon my face as he talked. \"Yes, it does appear to be that way.\" He said. \"Well, at least there's something positive about this. We aren't back in the room with those creatures baying at the door.\" I whispered and gave a small laugh, feeling slightly liberated to at least be out of the room. Even in the dim light I saw a small smile cross his face, but he quickly replaced it with a look of seriousness. \"I think we should sit here and rest a while. At least if we are not moving we cannot go back into that room.\" He said and sat, leaning against the wall. I sat next to him. \"Let's just hope that those dogs don't find us here.\" \"That is a good point, but it wouldn't do for us to be so tired that we cannot run if we do chance upon them.\" He said, making a very good point. \"Alright.\" I said sighing and resting my head upon the cold stone. Again the castle was silent but for the sounds of our breathing, the sky was dark and still - the feeling of impending doom still hung in the air, waiting for the right moment to erupt and shatter everything to pieces. In the distance I heard a howling and instinctively backed up against the stone, tense, rigid and listening out for more sounds. The Abbe had already stood up and pulled me up after him. \"We should move now.\" I followed him again, this time holding onto the skirt of his cassock, he walked swiftly and I didn't want to lose him in the dark. After a short while we came to a flight of stairs that led downwards, the Abbe stopped at the top of these. \"Go on.\" I whispered, urging him to descend the narrow stairway. \"I don't know what lies at the bottom of these.\" He said refusing to move. \"We don't know what lies around every corner we turn.\" I said moving so that I was in front of him at the top of the stairs. \"I shall go alone if you do not wish to come.\" He moved past me and I held onto his arm as he ascended the uneven steps. The stairway was longer than I had anticipated and wound round in a downward spiral until I wondered when it would in fact end, or whether the Abbe and I would be stuck forever walking down, down, down.[Chapter 3] The stairway, however, did end, and there was a surprise at the bottom. It seemed that we hand found the Vampire's main haunt. A room of considerable size and grandeur. It was lavishly decorated with deep crimson silks and off-white lace, all the furniture was made out of dark mahogany wood with intricate patterns etched into it - chests, mirrors, and a large four-poster bed on the end of which lay a coffin with gold strips incorporated into the design - and the room was lit with tall candles whose light played upon the cold stone walls and spilled over everything it touched lighting up the cobwebs and dust that covered all the furniture in a thin film. I breathed out a sigh. The room was beautiful in a morbid, gothic way. It didn't look like it had been used for years, yet the candles were alight and there was no stale smell that would have filled my nostrils had it not been touched in a long time. I walked forward to take in the atmosphere of the room but the Abbe, who was in front of me standing stock still in awe of the scene suddenly moved. He put his arm in front of me blocking my way. \"We cannot stay.\" He said. \"We have to get out of here. This is where he hides when the light comes.\" \"But it doesn't look like he's been here in a long time.\" I said gently pushing his arm aside. \"Let's stay and rest a while. I'm tired and you looked pretty fatigued to me.\" I walked forward again and this time he didn't try to stop me, neither did he move from where he stood. The room enraptured me, and I was drawn in by its charm and beauty. Looking back upon it I think that perhaps there had been a spell in place or a charm that made me think this way, and I moved forward again and ran my hands over the cold wood of the coffin, feeling the contrast of textures with the very tips of my fingers. I reached under the lid and lifted it up - that was when the Abbe intervened and slammed the lid shut, I had barely gotten my fingers out of the way in time. Startled by this I gave him a wide-eyed look. \"Abbe!\" I exclaimed. \"You do not want to get any more involved with this monster than you already are.\" He said and took both of my hands in his. \"Come, let's get out of this room.\" I looked into his beautiful green eyes for a second. \"Aren't you just enchanted by this place?\" I asked him. A small nervous smile flitted across his face as he tried to remain composed. \"I think we should leave.\" He said uncomfortably. I took one of my hands away from his. \"I like it here.\" I said gesturing to the surroundings. \"I think you're only nervous because you quite like it too and you do not wish to admit it to yourself. Do you enjoy hiding your feelings, Abbe? I know men like you and I have known men like you that try to pretend that they are something that they are not. I know this and yet I have known you only a short time. Be yourself, Abbe. Do not hide under some flimsy façade that you cannot keep up the whole time.\" the tone of my voice changing from amiable to tinged with viciousness, snapping almost hissing. To this he said nothing but dropped my other hand and turned quickly away. \"What is it?\" I asked him impatiently and then realised it was me. \"I'm sorry.\" I said, going back to my usual self. Still he did not turn back to face me. I reached out tentatively and touched his shoulder, \"Abbe, I said I'm sorry. Really, I am.\" I said, worried about the effect my words had had on him. He turned to face me and to my dismay his eyes were filled with tears as if I had told him some terrible truth and he had no way to hide it. \"Oh Abbe!\" I was truly appalled at how I had spoken to him, but I believe that I can only half be blamed for saying those things for as I said before - the room seemed to be under some kind of spell. He looked so upset, so hurt, and I felt so guilty that I almost wept myself. \"Forgive me.\" I said, my voice shaking. I put my trembling hand to his face in an attempt to wipe away the tears that I had created with my harsh words, \"I think this room is under some sort of curse. Emotions run high in this room. I know that I never would have said those things to you if I wasn't in some way out of my mind.\" He gave a small smile and I relaxed, relieved that he at least was smiling. Then he leaned forward and kissed me on the lips, shocked at first I pulled away gasping. \"Abbe!\" He checked himself and look shocked. \"Sorry...sorry...I don't know what came over me.\" Then he turned and walked out of the room, I tried to run after him but tripped over the hem of my dress and landed on the coffin, banging my knee on the way down. I felt so wretched after that so I sat down on the bed, which disturbed many layers of dust, so at the same time as coughing profusely I wept bitterly. I don't know how long I had been weeping, but eventually I began to calm down and instead put my head in my hands and just sat. It was then that I felt something, again, a whisper of feeling on my neck, lifting my hair and brushing it aside. I felt a shiver run through me, but not out of fear. I turned slowly and came face to face with the Abbe. The tips of his fingers caressed my cheek and he leant in to kiss me. Soft, yet passionate. This time I kissed him back. He pushed me gently down on the bed, I went with him, running my fingers through his soft hair and kissing him harder. Then, suddenly he pulled away. Seemingly flustered he looked down at me. \"Did you hear that?\" he whispered. I sighed irritably at the interruption. \"No.\" I breathed out. He manoeuvred off the bed and took my hand, pulling me with him. \"We have to get out of here. It's not safe.\" \"It seems safer here than any other room in this god forsaken place.\" I said standing my ground. And then, as if to contradict me, it was at that moment I heard footsteps coming down the stairs, barely audible, but definitely there. I felt my heart tighten and I tried to silence my breathing, but knew that if the being coming down the stairs was preternatural then I would be heard anyway. The Abbe glanced around quickly, looking futilely for a place to hide. His eyes fell upon the large wooden coffin. I shook my head. I was not climbing into a place that small to be trapped for who knew how long. \"It's the only place.\" He hissed and quietly opened the lid, revealing the blood red satin interior. I shook my head again. I didn't know which choice was worse - having every drop of life forced out of me by a blood-sucking fiend, or spending all eternity in a claustrophobic coffin. The Abbe had already pushed me towards the coffin by the time I was protesting, \"No, no, no, no, no.\" I said almost crying. \"Get in...\" he whispered, \"Or do you wish to face the alternative? If we're lucky then it's one of those dog-like beasts and it will be gone in no time.\" \"You get in first.\" I said, screwing my hands up into fists and grabbing the material of my dress, trying to squeeze some of the fear out of me. The Abbe said nothing, but climbed easily into the coffin - it was not very high off the ground. He tried to cram himself onto one side and held out a helping hand to me. I took it and stepped into the bed of satin, lying down in the tight space next to the Abbe. He pulled down the lid, and once again we were immersed in the darkness that the castle seemed to thrive on. There was almost no room to move and there really was no light to see. I could hear the Abbe's breathing loud in my ear and could feel it on my cheek, and I could hear something else outside. Something was pacing in the room outside, pacing a breathing heavily. It wasn't the Vampire, he was much too subtle for that, or perhaps that was what he wanted us to think. We didn't move though. I stayed as still as I could, my only movement coming from my chest and then from the Abbe, whose body I could feel behind me. From outside there came noises of something moving furniture, ripping the sheets from the bed, tearing the drapes from the walls and knocking over the lighted candles. There were angry snarls and grunts as the creature worked, moving objects out of the way, and I knew it was looking for me and the Abbe. The icy fear gripped me like a gauntlet as I cold hear the beast getting closer and closer in its rough, yet effective process of searching. I froze as I heard long, talon-like fingers scrape the top of the coffin. Scratching the fine woodwork as the creature walked past. Then it walked back again, sniffing loudly, taking in great lungfuls of air through its nose - I could almost picture it, red eyes narrowed suspiciously, great snout twitching as it smelt something odd, something that shouldn't have been there, thin lips drawn back in a sneer showing dozens of sharp off-white teeth. Then I could also picture it grinning grotesquely - it had found its prize at last. ","Summary":" It started with me staring up at the night sky, it was an inky, velvetnblue, starless but cloudy. T"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Diem","Author":"CrisHowlett","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10743562","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Live, die, repeat. Life was just a never ending cycle of death. Nothing had meaning for him anymore, everything was the same, over and over again. Same clothes, same food, same people, same conversations, same goddamned routine all the time. Frankly, he just wanted out. It didn't matter anyway, they were always one step behind, there was no chance of winning... He did not matter in this war. Cage continued picking his food, just the same as the past few months. Then he felt a shadow over him. That had never happened before. \"Is there something on my face?\" He asked, internally grinning at the words Rita had said to him on more occasions than he could count. He turned. It was Rita. \"Actually, you have some sauce on your cheek\" \"Oh\" he grabbed a napkin, and cleaned up. She was still there. But why? It must have shown on his face, because she shook her head and asked him \"Aren't you new?\" No. \"Yes\" \"This is actually good food. Every newbie enjoys the first meal. Only a veteran soldier actually hates it because it's one of the only things they serve out here. And you have the most pained look I've seen in a while.\" He blinked. She was spot on, of course. But he didn't feel like explaining why he was a veteran on his first day of battle. He deflected. \"So how do you do it? Eat the same thing over and over?\" \"Ah\" she said, as she finally set her tray down and sat across him. \"But it's not really the same, you have to look for the differences. Or make one yourself.\" She grabbed the hottest sauce and poured it down her plate as if there were no tomorrow. Not that she knew that was actually the case. Rita took a bite off her food, and she looked like she enjoyed it, then she eyed him. As if daring him. How could he resist? He followed her lead, and soon the whole caffeteria was gathered around them, betting on this game of sorts. It was the silliest thing, but it was so spontaneous that before he knew it, he was having the time of his life. ","Summary":" Live, die, repeat. Life was just a never ending cycle of death. Nothing had meaning for him anymore"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Leading The Blind","Author":"Furious Angel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1513376","Passage":"[Chapter 1] N.B. Very much a work in progress. There will be further chapters! Disclaimer: I do not own these characters, they belong to the wonderful Doug Wright. \"Regulate me, darling, raise me to your lips, two undernourished egos, full rotating hips…\" ~ Massive Attack, 'Inertia Creeps'[Chapter 2] Trust was never really an issue when it came to the Marquis, but it was an interesting prospect nonetheless. How these mortals worshipped it, revered it, then abused it when someone offered it to them. It was the main weapon of the Marquis' most despised people - hypocrites. Those that charmed, seduced, wooed others into thinking that they were terminally upstanding, constantly reassuring their prey that their best interests were at heart. The worst kind of hypocrites would pompously tell other people that they were wrong, that what they were doing was abominable, that they were little more than the scum of the Earth, before making that fragile, virginal trust malleable, and shrouding themselves in it when they indulge in the very same activities. De Sade liked nothing more than to pick out these people and shame them. It had become quite a past-time. Nothing more satisfying that seeing someone squirm at the revelation of their dissimulation, eyes darting everywhere, hands clasped so tightly in their laps that their knuckles appeared quite bloodless. Nothing more satisfying, perhaps, apart from the idea of Madeleine, bound, anticipating his ministrations. He was aware of every movement she made. How her wide eyes travelled from his bed, to him, and back to the bed again. How her tongue unselfconsciously darted quickly over her lips. How she shifted her weight from foot to foot. He felt her fingers move slightly in the confine of his hand, and he had to struggle to stop the ghost of a smile appear at his lips. \"Oh, alright then. Set yourself up over there, and I'll be over in a tick.\" The Marquis finally allowed himself that smirk, and in one swift movement he had lifted her cool fingers to his lips, brushing them gently. \"Madeleine, my sweet, I think your benevolent heart even outweighs the darling Abbe's.\" \"I wouldn't say that,\" she smiled, tugging her fingers away from him, \"I don't think anyone's that kind-hearted!\" de Sade felt his upper lip start to curl in natural contempt. As much as he adored the young Abbe, he acquired quite an unpleasant taste in his mouth upon the mention of his virtue. How many times had he looked at that boy, and realised what a tragic waste he was? Endless days tending the insane, providing them with infinitely more kindness than this apparent God of his did! Coulmier offered them sanctuary and kindness; Our Lord discarded them onto Earth with nothing more than a shrivelled mind and a useless body. The Abbe had often been his muse. Such a portrait of male beauty - all emerald pools of eyes and ebony hair - yet the Marquis knew that inside, he was constantly battling. Devoted to his cause, yet he was born a man, and therefore born with a man's needs. Madeleine, his dear, sweet Madeleine, was the object of Coulmier's lingering gaze, and possibly the subject of many late-night dreams. The Marquis had scoffed that the Abbe probably did not indulge in self-gratification. His God may consider it sinful. But the self-inflicted lashes when he felt that pulse focus embarrassingly between his thighs was virtuous, of course. \"You're slipping away from me again.\" He was wrenched blissfully from his thought by Madeleine's voice and the delicious sensation of her hand upon his forehead, fingers dampened with the water she had poured onto the cloth. \"I am wracked with fever, darling, you cannot expect my full attention.\" \"I always seem to have your full attention, wanted or otherwise.\" \"Oh, Madeleine, how cruel you are! At all other times, my fever is not here.\" He clamped his hand over hers and lifted it away from his forehead, placing it upon his chest. \"It burns brightly in here, and only for you, my lovely.\" Madeleine shooed him away from her into the direction of the bed. \"We both know that's not true. You often confuse your heart with another organ anyway. A far more important organ, in your eyes!\" \"I judge the importance of said implements on their usage and role in my functioning. Now, my heart is often considered non-existent by some, and as for the other organ in question - well, no one can doubt that it's very much in existence, and an essential part of my craft, can they?\" \"So much for taking your pen in hand, Marquis.\" He had no reply to that, aside from finally settling upon the bed. He admired her so much more than any other woman. Despite her humble background - he had always believed that if she were born into a rich society, she would succeed beyond anyone's expectations - Madeleine possessed intelligence and a self-assurance that was usually taught in far more lavish surroundings. She could quite easily fend him off with a few well-timed remarks, although he had nudged her guard a little on a few occasions. He didn't like to think of it as breaking them - there was so much more delight to be taken in the chase. The thrill of the chaste, yes, that was his Madeleine. He ran his hands over the fine fabric of his bed cover. The thread count, so tangibly fine, made it delicious to the touch. His pillows, as plump and accommodating as his ones in La Coste, supported him perfectly. The fine mahogany wood of his bedposts gleamed in the dullest light, but he often found that the reflected their magnificence most impressively by candlelight. The way the flames stretched and writhed, like humans committed in that most base act, and their dancing shadows stroked the wood lovingly, a feast for the eyes. Only one thing was missing from the bed. And that thing was approaching it. The Marquis had often considered what Madeleine would be doing at approximately the same time that he would finally settle to bed. He knew she retired to bed fairly early - she was often up at the crack of dawn - yet she had informed him that from time to time she would just go to the Chapel and sit. He had initially displayed his dislike of the idea, but Madeleine had energetically assured him that its religious connotations meant very little to her; she merely appreciated the aesthetic splendour of it. He had heard that for such a humble asylum that it was quite remarkable - lavish stained glass windows, statues of various praying saints dotted around, the air heavy and intimate with incense. He also knew that Madeleine could not invite visitors into her bedchambers - not only because she had a virginal status, but the practicality issue too - she shared a room with her Mother, consequently could not indulge in any sexual gratification. He had never been so bold, or rather had not had the opportunity, as to ask her if she had experienced any real sexual pleasure. He knew that she was aware of it, and to be narcissistic, he had given her opportunity to experience it. She had often bestowed kisses upon him in exchange for stories, kisses that had initially been chaste, but he had later bargained into far more lustful exchanges. The mattress shifted when Madeleine placed herself next to him, cold compress in hand. The Marquis watched her, feeling slightly touched. Her face, at that moment in time, had such an earnest, do-good expression upon it that he felt a twinge close to guilt at his ideas. But it soon disappeared as she inched closer to him, biting lightly down on a full lower lip as she stretched to press the cloth against his forehead. A shiver ran gleefully down his spine as a rivulet of water trickled silently down his face, and Madeleine's finger quickly wiped it away. As she moved closer to do so, the swell of her bosom, clothed so wonderfully by that rough-materialed bodice, brushed his upper arm. The Marquis was a man of control, but he already began to feel that telltale throb, synchronised perfectly to his pulse. His hands lay limp - about the only thing that was - in his lap, but he did not intend for them to remain there. \"Would you mind undoing your cravat for me? It's just that I want to do your neck, and I don't want to spoil it.\" The Marquis allowed his eyes to meet Madeleine's, temporarily glossing over that predatorial stare with a piteous gaze. \"Madeleine, I am an ill man. My fingers tremble like a newlywed. Come along, and be a dear. Your fingers are so impossibly able, and this is the only pure use I can think to put them to.\" Madeleine clucked her tongue, and thrust the damp cloth into his hands. \"Honestly, the things I do for you.\" \"You have no idea.\" Ignoring his last comment, Madeleine swiftly unknotted the cravat, yanking at the material to pull it free from his neck. Her fingers were immediately replaced with the cooling sensation of the cloth, the corner of it trailing down onto the Marquis' chest. Madeleine was no nurse, but she had tended to enough inmates to garner some sort of experience. She could easily say that she had been in such close contact with a man before, but it was all so innocent that she hadn't given it a second thought. Despite herself, she had to admit that it felt completely different now. She was fully aware that the Marquis desired her, and that made her blush a little and smile to herself, and now here she was, and he was completely submissive to her hands. How odd! But she liked the feeling of power, mild as it was. And she had to test the waters, now smooth waters, still as a hourglass, and see what tsunamis rose underneath. Her relationship with the Marquis felt like a balance constantly being tipped, a sword fight that always ended in a draw, a dance that was intercepted. With this idea in mind, Madeleine slowly withdrew the cloth and frowned. \"I think it would be easier if I got behind you.\" The Marquis hid his initial look of surprise. \"I've often practised that philosophy myself, child. Feel free to manipulate me as you will.\" He nudged her chin with his index finger. \"I'm all yours.\" Madeleine had to steady herself as she crawled over, and at one point overbalanced, leading her to grab his thigh in order to stop herself toppling off the bed. Her outburst of giggles hid his gasp of surprised arousal. Settling behind the Marquis, kneeling demurely behind him, Madeleine wrapped her arms around him, one hand pulling away the material of his shirt and waistcoat; the other gently applying the cloth to his neck and upper chest. Madeleine continued to dab gingerly, yet with firm and assured hands. She peered around to converse. \"Does this make your fever feel any better?\" The Marquis allowed his head to loll back, looking at Madeleine with somewhat glazed eyes, the cool blue orbs seeming to see right through her. \"It'll do for now. Although I can think of a million better cures, which are instantly accessible.\" He looked hungrily at her lips. Madeleine registered this, and feeling a swell of courage crash within her, and allowing the cloth to drop, her hands grasping the material of the Marquis' waistcoat, planted her mouth on his own. The Marquis could not articulate what he felt at that very moment. The softness of Madeleine's lips, and the exquisite pressure that she applied, reverberated through his body in a thousand ecstatic echoes. Her fingers, gripping so tightly to the silken material, pressed against his chest, and he feared that his heart would beat so furiously that it would break from its bony confine and leave him dying upon the point of rapture. The pulse in both organs was now quicker than ever. He did not initially return her kiss - those that are stunned do not usually reciprocate - but the intense heat of his arousal quickly melted the frost of his shock and he allowed his lips to move against hers, an exquisite sensation of silk and moisture, and he delighted in the chastity of her kiss. She was earnest, but tentative, drinking in every feeling. He was fully aware that she was testing him, playing, experimenting, and he was also in the knowledge that she did not know how dangerous this was. The Marquis reached behind him to allow his fingers to snake around the back of Madeleine's neck, pulling her closer. Tendrils of her hair got caught between them, but he did not care. He opened his eyes reluctantly, not wanting to shed light on this dark oblivion, but he wanted to see her. Her own eyes were closed, lashes casting two curves onto her cheeks. She was enjoying this. He boldly pried her lips open with his tongue, an approach he had attempted before, but not with such close physical proximity. He rejoiced in the enigmatic wetness of her mouth, this dark sanctuary, teasing her tongue out with his own, feeling pinpricks of pleasure across his flesh as he felt her submit to him. Madeleine was unaware of her own attractiveness, and the hold she had over men, and this showed. Her kiss, although fervent, still had a restraint. The Marquis, delighted as he was, could only indulge in so much persuasion, and he withdrew slowly, fingers entwining in her chestnut hair in order to pull her head back, lips and tongue feasting upon the porcelain skin of her neck. The ultimate position of exposure is the showing of the throat… He felt that vibrant rhythm beneath the vulnerable flesh, felt her moan vibrating through her. He felt her hand come down onto the back of his head, and he felt it hesitate, not knowing what to do, before pressing him down. The Marquis smiled. Madeleine may have been a virgin, but she certainly knew what she wanted. And what she wanted at that time seemed to frighten her. \"M…Marquis…wait…\" She eased herself from him, and the Marquis would have been miserably disappointed if she didn't look so astoundingly beautiful. Awoken with the cries of passion, Madeleine embraced a wild splendour - her eyes veritably blazed, shards of sapphire glittering in those blue pools, her already full lips were swollen and moist, and her cheeks were endearingly flushed. She swallowed, her breath coming in short, shallow gasps. \"Marquis, I…\" He watched her, still within close range, but with a certain amount of caution. Like a bird of prey watching its all-too-aware victim, he wanted to lull her into a certain sense of security. He knew that no amount of self-inflicted pleasure would satisfy the urge fired up in him now. He was impossibly aroused. \"You what, Madeleine? Don't tell me that you were going to apologise…you have done nothing wrong, darling, unless…\" he hesitated, moving her in front of him, hands parting her curls at the nape of her neck, \"…unless you are forewarning me that you do not wish to continue…\" He trailed his nails softly along the delicate protrusion of her clavicle, punctuating his words with an occasional scrape, drawing a luscious gasp from Madeleine's throat each time. He pressed his chest and belly hard against her back, his arousal made quite plain to her, and it was his turn to vocalise his pleasure as she arched herself against him in surprise. \"I want to…I just…\" \"Feel that it's wrong?\" He leant in to kiss her neck and felt her nod. \"Tell me Madeleine, what is so wrong? In the privacy of my own room, I wish to initiate you - with your consent - to something that you will eventually have to understand. So why not start here, in my more than capable hands?\" He wound his arm around her waist, allowing his hand to move boldly downward to trace the shape of her thighs over her skirts. She twisted beneath him, alien to this contact. \"Tell me, Madeleine, has anyone ever come this close? Has anyone ever touched you in an intimate manner?\" \"No…\" She sounded as though she were struggling to form the words. \"Not even your own fair hands?\" He let the fingers of one hand dance over her lips, grazing the sensitive skin, feeling her hot breath against them. Her voice was now little than a whisper, ragged with arousal. \"Marquis…what a question…\" He pressed himself harder against her. \"Tell me, Madeleine.\" \"Oh…y-yes. I have.\" He pulled away from her suddenly, standing before her on the bed. He saw surprise and fear in her eyes, and it excited him beyond all comprehension. \"You are aware of what pleasure physical acts can grant then, yes?\" She nodded, unsure of herself. \"I want you to close your eyes for me, Madeleine.\" She visibly stiffened, and the Marquis smiled. \"I don't know if I want to, Marquis…\" \"I thought you said you trusted me.\" The words hit her like poisoned darts. Her eyes were cast downward, and all of a sudden she appeared almost childlike, the red patches of passion on her skin and her tousled hair betraying her. Holding the man's stare for an infinite moment, Madeleine closed her eyes.[Chapter 3] Power was a difficult balance to strike. The Marquis had a godforsaken raging battle within him. There sat Madeleine, so deliciously ripe for the taking. Madeleine, his one ally in Charenton, breathless, vulnerable, before him. De Sade felt a fire deep in the pit of his belly at the sight of her, flames licking at the smouldering ashes of his conscience, burning the thin haze of guilt that clouded his desires. He had felt a momentary stab of sharp resentment, a sense of deviance at what he truly wanted. He had to fight the urge to force her onto her back, to entwine his fingers in that luscious hair and crane her head back to worship her neck. But she had said that she trusted him. Madeleine, dear sweet Madeleine, had come into the Devil's own room and offered her soul. The Marquis made a mental note that this sacrifice would be soon rewarded. But time was slipping seductively away. Madeleine had kept her eyes closed, and the man couldn't help but admire her bravery. That was what he adored about her - that complete effervescence, that strong-willed mind of hers, her carefree attitude that veritably lifted moods around her. He suspected that even the most experienced women - many of which he had sampled back home in La Coste - would have started to peer inquisitively by now. But she remained, porcelain of skin and baited of breath. The Marquis leant forward, taking one of Madeleine's hands in his. Her youthful skin had not yet succumbed to the ravages of manual work. Long, cool fingers, well-practiced in essential day to day jobs, and Madeleine was a remarkable seamstress. The Marquis recalled the days when he would furrow holes into his garments just for her to run that delicate needle through them. \"Such wondrous hands, Madeleine.\" He saw the expression on her face flicker from fearful anticipation to slight confusion. He smiled to himself, running his fingers along the pad of her palm, watching her bite gently, almost invisibly down on her lower lip. Her eyes still remained closed, lashes still grazing her cheeks, and the Marquis' eyes never left her as he placed her hand almost paternally back onto her lap and raised his finger to stroke leisurely at her temple. He felt a warm satisfaction bloom within him as she leant into his touch, actively seeking this soothing sensation, the gentleness of it almost stripping it of its sensuality. But it was the scrape of his nails, the metal caress of his amber ring that reminded Madeleine that this was far from a casual contact. De Sade's fingers trailed further back into Madeleine's hair, slipping effortlessly underneath the headscarf that loosely bound her curls. Her head tipped back ever so slightly, and the Marquis let out a breath that he didn't even realise he was holding. When he finally summoned his voice, it was barbed with dangerous excitement. \"Now, Madeleine. I do not want to unduly shock you with any sudden actions. What I am about to do…\" he paused, hooking his fingers underneath the fabric, lifting it from her head, \"…is take away this trifling little garment.\" Madeleine allowed herself a small frown of indignation. \"Trifling? It's a mere issue of practi-\" \"Sssh. I don't believe that conversation is an essential part of our practice, yet I do believe that sex without flirtation is merely rape...\" That did the trick mused the Marquis, watching the icy fingers of fear prod playfully at the girl. Her previously relaxed posture visibly stiffened, and he knew that she was fighting the urge to snap her eyes open.[Chapter 4] The Marquis may have been a man of control, and an experienced sensualist, but it had been a long time since he had felt so impossibly close to the edge. His head swam dizzily with lust, pulsepoints located all over his body, blood searing through him and pulsating in his ears. His eyes were glazed, but not quite enough to hide the predatory glint that shimmered menacingly. The garments that Madeleine had innocently loosened about him exposed the top of his chest, and the skin was flushed. The only sound in the room was Madeleine's hasty, shallow breathing. His eyes narrowed as they feasted upon her, his pupils dilating like a drop of ink spreading in cool waters. His heartbeat slammed in his throat, but with gritted teeth and baited breath, he regained control. He recognised the fear about her. He knew that she was fighting inside - the cold posturing of fright, and the melting core of lust. As much as he adored the quivering and the cries, he could not do this to Madeleine. Yet. The Marquis stood before her, back straight and noble. \"Madeleine.\" She jerked her unseeing head up. \"Now, I want to guide you, so it seems sensible that I must forewarn you of what I am to do, yes?\" He didn't expect her to answer. \"I know that this next prospect will be completely unfamiliar to you. I know that you are truthful with me about your private behaviour, so there is no need to assume false confidence in what I am asking you to do.\" The meaning behind the Marquis' mannered and sculptured words was that if she did blush and become self-conscious, he would adore it. He would love to see that delicious mouth of hers form a perfect 'o' and those slender arms cross proudly over her body. He moved before her, his lean frame looming over her. Her hands were encased in the folds of her skirt, hidden away. He prised her fingers from the fabric, holding them away from her body, outstretching her arms. \"The sacrificial Lamb,\" he murmured wickedly, leaning in intimately to breathe the scent of her hair and graze his lips against her own. Once he released her, Madeleine's arms flopped to her sides, and the Marquis covered her body with his own as his fingertips brushed against the back laces of her corset. Her sudden jolt pulled his mouth into a smirk. \"Madeleine. You must understand that it is not just your soul I want you to bare.\" She inhaled sharply. The Marquis smiled. Surely she hadn't expected him to take her fully clothed? \"Lie down.\" He saw her hesitate. The Marquis was savouring every moment, every one of his senses brimming with delectation. He could see the goosebumps break along her skin; could smell the icy fear that made her shiver; taste her sweet mouth on his own; feel the silken glide of fingers along porcelain flesh; hear her barely-restrained gasps and moans. Madeleine, with awkward caution, began to rise in order to turn. De Sade swooped down and took her wrists into his hands. \"No, no. The first rule of being a good teacher is to aid your pupils, is it not? You may be a gratifyingly eager student but…\" he tightened his grip, …\"never forget who is in charge, Madeleine.\" She gasped as he lowered her onto her back, nestling his head in the curve between her neck and shoulder, one of his legs resting over her skirts and between her knees, nudging them apart. He was so enticingly close to her throat that he could hear every brewing groan. He elevated himself slightly, looking down at her, propping himself up on one elbow. Arching her back like a contented feline, Madeleine automatically tried to merge her body with his, head lolling in disappointment when he moved teasingly away. \"Now…onto your front.\" He pushed himself slowly off her, rising thoughtfully to his feet. Madeleine moved as though in sleep, unfurling her arms invitingly above her head. The Marquis quirked an eyebrow. This was going far better than he had thought. The contours of her clothed body fascinated him. Madeleine was not only fair of face, but delightfully attributed with a soft and voluptuous form. Of course, the Marquis up until now could only consult his fertile imagination, but his eyes had undressed her so many times that he was almost disappointed that he had rid himself of the surprise. The mattress protested quietly when he knelt beside her. For a few moments, he merely stroked her neck and bare patch of skin that her corset exposed at the top of her back. Her skin felt like petals underneath his fingers, sending bolts of pleasure all through his body before focussing with painful rhythm between his thighs. After years of abstinence, the Marquis felt that sickening contrast between losing all control and being accommodated to isolation. He was so lost in his thoughts that when de Sade cast his eyes back at Madeleine, her body had become lax with relaxation. His eyebrows knitted into a frown. He was not here to relax Madeleine. He yanked suddenly at her corset strings, causing her to cry out. The Marquis ran a tongue over his lips before planting a kiss at the nape of her neck. \"Surprise, my lovely, often goes hand in hand with pleasure.\" His breath was cool on the moist patch his mouth had left behind. It was quiet enough in the room for the sound of the rough laces crossing over each other to be heard. The Marquis was deft, but leisurely, occasionally pulling hard on the strings. He wrapped them around his fingers as he went along, and by the time he had come to the bottom, his fingertips were scarlet. He winced when he unfurled them, hissing through his teeth. He gently pulled the bodice apart, finally showing the milky flesh of Madeleine's back. She was like a blank parchment, just aching to be turned into art. The Marquis momentarily reveled in the fact that Madeleine had not said a word. Normally, she was sharp and witty of tongue, but now…now she seemed muted. The Marquis snaked his hand about her neck, arching her back so that the corset fell away from her and the shell of her ear touched his lips. \"I have deprived you of one sense, Madeleine, and one sense alone. When one is deprived of a sense, as in the case of the delightful Madame LeClerc, the other four are heightened.\" The palm of his hand remained about her neck as his fingers traveled intently towards her mouth, parting her lips. \"You have a brilliant tongue. I'm demanding that you use it.\" The Marquis shuddered, his eyes fluttering closed, as Madeleine rubbed her tongue against his fingertips, the ridges of her teeth scraping gently over them. He probed her mouth ever further, penetrating and withdrawing from her, lips parted in wonder as this ardent pupil willingly succumbed. He pulled away suddenly, feeling distracted. With fingers slick from her mouth, the Marquis clamped his hand over her shoulders and turned her onto her back. He drank in the look of shock on her face. Even with her eyes covered, the momentary change in pallor and of course the delightful slackness of that delectable mouth indicated that Madeleine had no idea what was coming next. Her arms were bent at the elbow, hands at either side of her head, resting on a bed of chestnut hair. His fingers curled about the edges of her corset, the Marquis pulled it away from her, leaving her chest covered merely by the flimsy shirt she wore underneath. A sound somewhere between a sigh and a growl rumbled from his throat. Madeleine was breathing heavily, and with each breath the fabric would part further and further across her breasts. He could just see the shape of them beneath, rising and falling, rising and falling. The Marquis was alarmed to see that he removed her shirt with trembling hands. Gods, this was his area of expertise, why on Earth was he shaking like a virgin? Perhaps it was because the thoughts that had seared through his mind with fiery intensity were now materialised. Whatever the reason, de Sade could not deny the beauty of what lay before him. Madeleine, for all her purity, was blessed with the body of a seductress. Even beneath her skirts, which she still wore, the curve and fullness of her hips were visible, leading up to that irresistible dip into narrower waist. Her breasts, usually so tightly bound by that damned corset, were ample and ripe, and even more porcelain-skinned than the rest of her. \"Madeleine…\" he breathed, before noticing the blush creeping up her cheeks. He leant forward, kissing along her collarbone. \"Shame, Madeleine?\" He watched, fascinated, as she nodded, and crossed her arms over her breasts. He felt a cold lump of horror form deep in his belly. \"Please…no.\" \"No? You cannot expect me to teach you such things beneath the shadow of clothing. You would not expect a man to learn Latin without first knowing his mother tongue, would you?\" Her arms stayed crossed. The Marquis slithered off the bed and reached onto his desk where his 'tools' were placed. He pulled two cravats from the pile, placing a knee on either side of Madeleine, straddling her. She writhed underneath him, and de Sade groaned as her hips bumped into his hardness. \"Do not make this difficult for me, Madeleine,\" he muttered as he spread her arms out, lacing the silken material about the wooden bedposts. Straining against her binds, Madeleine thrashed suddenly, a glacial iceberg of fear rising above the hot, lustful sea. Her soft, young, pliant body collided with the Marquis, and it jolted it him back. He was not teaching - he was commanding, and he inwardly scolded himself. He lowered himself to her ear, the nails of his other hand running lovingly up and down her arms. \"Hush now. You know I will bring you no harm, Madeleine. But you must understand that you cannot afford to be ashamed. You will never progress. And of course, I will reward you for your compliance…\" He moved down her body, tongue darting to taste the salty flesh at the hollow of her throat, lips worshipping her. He felt her stiffen slightly as his mouth grazed the underside of her breasts, and a shudder coursed through her. The Marquis stole a glance at her face, and by the way her teeth had clamped down on a full lower lip, he could decipher that her shame had melted. The heat that bloomed within him scorched his insides, and he could barely contain the joy at the fact that he was the first person to ever see Madeleine disrobed, albeit partially, and taste her flesh. She tasted clean, fresh, and he breathed in her scent of bath herbs and clean laundry. His mouth caressed the delicate rise of her belly, and her hips bucked as he ran his tongue along the waistband of her skirts. In one swift movement, barely leaving her, the Marquis plucked a quill from his bedside table, next to which sat a half-full jug of wine. He placed his entire body over Madeleine's, dipping his head to feast upon her mouth. Her response was too languid for his liking, and with his free had he held her jaw in an impossible grasp, tongue demanding entry into her mouth. He swallowed her moans and traced the quill from her hips to her neck, deliberately hesitating over the sensitive skin of her nipples. The feather danced over her skin as though on a breeze, and Madeleine threw back her head and sighed. The Marquis' eyes glittered as he saw her fingers tighten on the binds. Still tracing the quill over her, the Marquis sat up and dipped his fingers in the jug. Savouring the sight of Madeleine, he ran a wine-slick thumb over Madeleine's lips, watching as she blindly realised what he was doing. \"Do you recognise that taste, Madeleine?\" She nodded, her tongue moistening her lips. De Sade nodded satisfactorily as he picked up the jug, smiling devilishly as he splashed the cool liquid onto Madeleine's abdomen. She gasped richly, the muscles twitching beneath her skin. Quill in hand, the Marquis sucked gently at the skin of her belly, drinking up the excess wine. The warmth of her flesh enflamed him beyond all belief, and he ran a hand over the firm flesh, leaving her only with the liquid gem of her navel. \"Not only are you my muse, but you provide me with an inkwell,\" he purred, dipping the quill into the small indentation, tracing watery scarlet lines over her belly. \"Realise, Madeleine, that not only do I have the intention of deflowering - \" with one free hand, he caressed her thighs over her skirts - \"your body, but I intend to stain that virginal skin of yours with my latest work.\" \"Prepare to become my latest masterpiece, Mademoiselle…\" ","Summary":" N.B. Very much a work in progress. There will be further chapters! Disclaimer: I do not own these c"},{"Movie":"P2","Title":"A Bundle Of","Author":"Jersey Wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8555493","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: First chapter! Look at me writing chapters like a real person. Also, I think you all can figure out what's going on, so I'm not going too say too much. Have at it. \"I feel miserable…\" Jackie moaned, pressing her face into a pillow. It was cool and felt nice against her skull, which threatened her with a headache as she felt distinct pressure behind her eyes. \"I think you just need some soup and sleep. That's what I feel.\" \"Your sentiments are appreciated, Tom, but that's not gonna make me any less nauseous.\" \"Sorry…\" \"No, no…it's fine. Look, I'll be fine. I'll be okay. I'm feeling better already.\" Jackie forced a grin on her face and sat up straighter on the couch though her insides rebelled. Tom was fixing her hard with his stare, but he didn't speak. He looked worried, and that was a look the woman had never liked seeing on his face. It aged him in such a distinct way. He felt so fully that she sometimes just couldn't believe it. \"Really, I am,\" she repeated hoping it would take that damn worry off his face. \"I don't know…\" Tom frowned not dropping the concern much to the woman's dismay. \"I could tell Sebs I can't hang out. I don't mind. I'll tell him we can hang out tomorrow or something.\" \"I'm fine,\" the woman insisted ignoring a sharp lurch of her stomach. Acid burned her throat a bit, but she wouldn't let it win. \"Now, go have fun or I'll kick you out myself.\" Tom furrowed his brow for a moment, but eventually the look softened. \"Get out, please?\" \"Ok, I'll be back…at some point. You're sure you're okay?\" Jackie glared back at him, and he backed off. \"Right. Getting out. Bye.\" Quick as he could Tom was out the door after grabbing his coat and scarf before giving the woman on the couch a quick kiss before she swatted him away playfully. Once he was out Jackie flopped back on the couch, swallowing back nausea as it climbed back up again. A few moments passed before she practically hopped onto her feet and ran to the bathroom, only just making it before losing it in the bowl, resting her head on the edge once she was done. The edge was colder than the pillow had been, but it wasn't nearly as soft or as comforting. \"Stupid stomach bug,\" she grumbled, pushing herself back into a sit, rubbing her head and reaching for a towel to wipe the edges of her mouth. Her stomach was still sloshing around as if she was at sea, but she didn't have it in her to ask Tom to stay. He was missing his friend, and she wanted him to enjoy himself. It was just a stomach bug. She could handle herself. She was sure of it. Tom couldn't push away his anxiety as he walked, pulling his coat tighter around him and fidgeting with the tail of his scarf. It was cold, but that was no surprise. November in the city was always freezing, but it wasn't the cold that was bothering him. Not this time. Jackie could be just as stubborn as he was, but she usually didn't push him away. Not like that. Occasionally she'd jokingly give him a shove or try and tackle him (always unsuccessfully), but this wasn't like that at all. She'd wanted him out. Out of the house and out of the way. Tom scrunched his face up against the cold and ventured on. Sebs had told him to meet in a coffee shop between Jackie's place and his own, and as usual Tom arrived first having practically sped down the sidewalk. Well, it was cold after all, and he'd never been fond of the cold. The coffee shop was a familiar one but with a name he could never remember and never thought to look at each time he went. What did it matter anyway? Warm earth tones and sweet smells that wafted through the air, and that was the most important part. It was comfortable and dark, almost womb-like in the way it tempted you to drift off into sleep. Deciding that he wasn't quite in the mood for a hot drink or an overpriced pastry just yet, Tom settled into one of the huge cushioned chairs, annoyed for a moment or two by the softness of it and how small it made him feel. Like it was going to eat him up. A giant chair monster. However, his mind soon rounded back on his concerns. What had he done to piss her off? Usually she had no problems telling him when he'd messed up with what most would consider insulting detail. Still, it worked well that way since Tom had proved time and time again that he was far too dense for the subtle trick or the silent treatment. No bullshit. He tapped the arms of the chair idly, only picking up his head when he spied a familiar shape enter the warm building. \"You already eat?\" Sebs asked, giving his friend a teasing poke in the shoulder. \"Haven't even bought anything,\" Tom shrugged. \"Honestly?\" Sebs asked with mock surprise. \"You? The human garbage disposal. I can't believe that.\" \"I've just got stuff on my mind. That's all,\" Tom muttered, still not meeting his friend's gaze. He scratched his head and shrugged again. What was there to say about it? \"Thinking and you is a dangerous combination,\" Sebs replied calmly, taking a seat in the chair across from his friend. Though his tone was casual Tom found himself resenting it. \"You wanna tell me?\" Tom picked his head up, opening his mouth slightly, but no sound came out. He took a deep breath and tried again. \"I think I did something to make Jac mad at me.\" \"Well, what'd you do?\" \"Thanks for having so much faith in me…\" Tom mumbled, shooting a half annoyed look in Sebs' direction. \"You already assume I messed up?\" \"You have a bad habit of getting on people's nerves, and you know I'm kidding.\" \"I don't know anything.\" Tom shifted forward in his seat, resting his chin on his hands and his elbows in his legs. \"I don't know what I did. I don't know why she seems annoyed at me. She's not feeling well, and I offered to stay. You know…just wanted to be helpful. She got really annoyed though…she usually doesn't get annoyed.\" \"Is that all?\" Sebs asked. \"Is that all?\" Tom echoed, sounding mildly offended. \"I'm paranoid about this kind of stuff. She gets annoyed with me, and I'm all nerves, which only annoys her more, but…I don't know. She's never really kicked me out before though…\" \"I think you're looking too much into it. It doesn't sound like she really kicked you out all that much,\" Sebs shrugged. \"Maybe she knows like I do that you've got a skull made of metal, and you have to be forced to get out more from time to time. Ever think of that?\" \"I don't know…\" Tom pouted. \"I just-\" \"No, you don't just anything,\" Sebs cut him off suddenly. \"You are going to stuff your face full of overpriced pastries and drown yourself in hot chocolate like I know you want to, and we're going to hang out. No stressing or I'll stuff your scarf down your throat. Ok?\" Tom sank down in his seat, and stared at Sebs for a moment or two, assessing just how serious his friend was being. Sebs tried to keep a straight face, but he couldn't hold it long, a smile cracking his façade and giving him away. \"Alright,\" Tom laughed, sitting back up. \"But you're paying for those pastries.\" \"Yeah, you keep telling yourself that.\" Jackie pulled her legs up close to her chest and changed channels idly, but there was not a single thing interesting to be seen. It didn't help that her stomach was still playing games and tying itself up in knots. The vomiting had passed, but something still didn't sit right. That and her head had started to pound with more intensity. She'd had her fair share of stomach bugs, but this didn't feel the same. Of course the more she thought about it the more an answer eluded her. She thought to check the web to see if there were any new bugs going around, but she knew she'd just end up paranoid and a hypochondriac if she bothered. She'd end up with some rare monkey-virus for sure. Yeah, no thank you. Shifting on the couch she rubbed her back and tried to focus on the words coming out of the group of \"perfectly diverse\" women on the screen. Something about some fancy new type of birth control that didn't have to be taken every day. Jackie could only shake her head. If she didn't have to take it every day then she was certain she'd forget- Wait… Hopping up, though regretting it soon after as her insides moved along with her she walked to the bathroom and pulled out the all too familiar package. She felt her heartbeat pounding in her ears as she scanned until she found that there was…nothing wrong. She wasn't behind on her pills. She wanted to be relieved, but it was hard to feel better with back pain and nausea. She tapped her fingers on the edge of the sink and stared into the mirror. \"You don't honestly think…\" she began, addressing her reflection and pushing back a lock of brown hair. She shook her head. \"You're crazy. You know that right?\" Her reflection said nothing and only stared back at her looking just as frazzled and unsure as she was certain she must have looked. \"It's a stomach bug, and you've been sleeping weird. Tom keeps sticking his cold ass feet on your back. Your schedule's always been a bit irregular. It's nothing, right? Right?\" Taking a step back she frowned and crossed her arms over her chest. Maybe she was crazy for entertaining this idea, but it persisted in her mind and wouldn't leave despite the mean looks she was giving herself, as if it'd scare the thought away. Still, what harm could a little curious investigation do? A lot actually if her suspicions were correct. It wasn't a likely prospect, but it wasn't impossible. Nothing was one hundred percent effective, but still, one would think the odds were pretty stacked. Still, someone had to make that other slim percentage on the box… She stood there for a few minutes more before finally moving to put on her shoes grudgingly. She'd made up her mind, but it didn't mean she was terribly enthralled by that fact. \"Jesus, you look like you're gonna puke.\" \"That's my default expression when I have a solid wad of muffins and coffeecake in my stomach. I think I'm gonna explode. Why would you do this to me?\" \"I was only kidding about you stuffing your face before.\" \"Yeah, but I felt I'd been issued a challenge.\" \"You're an idiot. You know that right?\" \"I'm not just any idiot. I'm the idiot,\" Tom grinned, smiling like a Cheshire cat and holding his last half eat muffin into the air as the pair walked down the sidewalk. The coffee shop had gotten too stuffy for them, filled to the brim with brooding artists and businessmen, so they'd decided the venture back out to the streets, pointing out interesting people and making asses of themselves just like they always had and likely always would. \"Feeling better?\" Sebs asked, taking particular care not to step on an ugly crack in the cement for no real reason other than that he felt like it. \"About what?\" Tom replied, shifting his attention almost instantly from his partial muffin before stuffing the rest of it into his mouth still looking at Sebs expectantly. Seemed he was willing to risk exploding. \"I'm taking that as a yes.\" \"Whatever. I'll race you to the end of the block.\" \"What?\" Tom didn't stay to explain but bolted, showing an impressive amount of agility for someone whose depth perception occasionally still gave him trouble and who was full up on baked goods. \"The hell? Get back here!\" All pretences of being an adult forgotten, Sebs followed after, brushing up against a few more people but not caring all the much as his friend looked back at him and stuck out his tongue. \"You're getting slow in your old age,\" Tom chided as Sebs caught up with him on the corner where he'd stopped. He breathed slowly but deeply, chest rising and falling visibly. \"I'm not that old,\" Sebs countered. \"Besides, you're older.\" \"Barely. Well, at least I'm not as anal retentive.\" \"At least I'm not a spazz.\" \"Fair enough,\" Tom shrugged and started walking again. \"Now, c'mon, there's a park this way that I haven't disrupted yet. This simply won't do.\" \"Yeah, yeah, I'm coming.\" Aisles, aisles, and more aisles. The walls of the drugstore were lined with a multitude of pills, magazines, quick fixes, and junk food. Of course those things were not on her list, but their presence drew her attention and all the fine print and colors on white made her head hurt more than it already was. These places were always the same color. Other than the rainbow hues of their products these places tended to be white with either blue or red accents, sometimes both. Close to being as colorless as a hospital, but it sold soda, and the carpet always looked like it had never been properly vacuumed. Somehow she found the proper section, but instead of grabbing a box of (don't say it) pregnancy tests she just stared blankly at them all. The shelves were stocked full and somehow that was entirely more threatening. No one else was having this issue. That's why everything was in stock. Choices, choices, choices. And all for her. Dammit. Burdened with a horrid over-abundance. Turning quickly, Jackie made for the pharmacy, but the people sitting in their chairs waiting for their medication were watching her. Well, they probably weren't, but Jac couldn't get it out of her head that they were, so she kept walking. Past the school supplies, pencils, pens, coloring books. Past the hair products and birthday cards and then back to that aisle. Letting out a sigh she turned into the aisle and restarted her staring contest. Why was she even here? This was all probably just nothing. A stupid set of coincidences lining up in just the right way. That was a whole lot of coincidences. The sickness. Stomach bug. Awkward spotting. Well, that's what it said to expect on the package for birth control pills. This was nothing. Why was she even here? Because maybe, just maybe, the entire idea was exciting. Well, maybe exciting wasn't the right word for it. It was something different. Horribly different. Whatever. Grabbing one of the name-brand packages, early detection and everything, might as well go all out, Jackie pulled it close to her body and headed for the counter. It felt so strange having just that one thing so she grabbed some gossip magazine without looking at the title and a box of saltine crackers from over by the brightly colored snacks. Her stomach was still bothering her anyway, and what harm would their be in it? She contemplated grabbing a ginger ale but decided that she didn't feel like carrying it around. There was only one register open, and of course there was a line. Lines only ever showed up as soon as you were ready to leave. One of the few things on Earth she swore must have been a sign that Satan himself was in fact alive and well. Sighing, Jackie leaned back on one foot and tried to tune into the soft pop music that played over the speakers. Some singer or group she didn't know narrating her adventures in the surreal world. \"Trying for your first?\" came an almost overly feminine voice from the distant plane of reality. \"Excuse me?\" \"Oh, I'm sorry.\" \"Nah, it's fine. I wasn't paying attention.\" \"I just assumed since you were buying a pregnancy test that you and your husband must have been trying for kids.\" Jackie's eyes fell on an older woman, mid or late forties she figured. Or maybe she was one of those people her age that looked old. Jackie really couldn't tell and wasn't trying to hard. Angular features and about her height. A little taller perhaps. Bright blue eyes that almost rivaled Tom's. Almost. She already didn't like her, but that was not reason not to be civil. \"No, no, it's fine,\" Jackie smiled. \"I uh…I'm just being on the safe side is all.\" \"I see,\" the woman drawled out, and Jackie suddenly felt all the judgment behind the woman's eyes. All the disapproval they held, realizing now why her instincts had gone off just looking at her. \"So, you don't have a husband?\" \"Well, not really,\" Jackie replied feeling oddly compelled to explain and defend herself. \"It's a yes or no question, dear,\" the woman smiled, putting on a friendly face. Jackie frowned and knew there was no point in trying to talk reason and relativism. \"So do you have a husband or…?\" Or do you go gallivanting around like an irresponsible person? Oh, yes, yes of course… \"No, I don't have a husband,\" she replied narrowing her eyes. \"And if you really want to know what this all is then let me tell you that it's none of your damn business.\" The woman's eyes went wide, and her mouth opened, most likely to tell Jackie that she was being \"rude\" or \"unladylike\", but Jackie had already taken a step away, noticing a new register being opened. The woman uttered something, but it made no difference anymore. Dropping the stuff on the counter she scanned the shelves of gum and grabbed a pack to add to her collection of drug store miscellany. \"That everything?\" \"Hm?\" Jac looked over at the cashier. A friendly enough looking girl with tight curls and dimples the size of Texas. \"Oh, yeah, thanks. Sorry, I was just a little distracted.\" \"Nah, it's fine,\" the girl smiled. \"I was actually just about to leave, but I heard what that woman said to you so…\" \"Thanks,\" Jackie smiled, paying. \"Hey, gotta look out for each other,\" the girl laughed. \"Feminist?\" \"Militant,\" the girl quipped her smile not fading. \"Should have known,\" Jackie smiled back. \"But yeah, thanks again. Don't know what I would have done if I'd had to stand next to her much longer. Probably knock her out or something.\" \"Don't worry about it. She was being rude. Good luck with that by the way.\" \"Thanks. I think I'll be fine.\" \"Good guy?\" Jackie paused as she took her bag. \"Yeah,\" she nodded. \"Real good guy.\" Waving she headed out, feeling like a Jedi as she walked through the automatic doors. Like a fucking Jedi. The bench was hard, and one piece wiggled under his weight, but Tom couldn't be bothered to care as he stared up at the gray, November sky. Normally the gray made him feel depressed, but with his system currently more sugar than blood and Sebs staring up with him he found the view to be rather nice. Calming in fact. \"No one's really in the park,\" he observed bringing his head down and scanning the area. There were more leaves on the ground and people,, but at least it meant he could shuffle through them to hear them crunch without the threat of people looking at him weird. \"That's because it's November, and most people are doing indoor things.\" \"But it's so nice out.\" \"I thought you hated the cold.\" \"Well, it's not so bad right now. It feels nice,\" Tom shrugged. \"Clear, I guess. I also like how the trees look like they are either on fire or the ground around them is…like lava or something. Makes it feel warmer, you know?\" \"Feeling thoughtful?\" Sebs asked, relaxing his neck as well. \"Don't think I have the brains today to deal with you being thoughtful.\" \"Nah, I'm done. Don't worry.\" \"Awesome, but my hands are still freezing.\" \"Then sit on them, dumbass.\" \"I have been. Maybe we should start heading in the direction of my place? I hear that there's a marathon of monster movies on,\" Sebs offered. Tom thought on it for a moment before nodding. \"Alright, I'm game.\" Three minutes. Three long minutes. Jackie sat crossed legged on the bathroom floor and flipped through the magazine she bought and ate saltines as she skimmed over stories about this celebrity and that celebrity. She normally didn't care about these things, and she still didn't, but the section on who was pregnant and with who caused her to stop flipping and scrutinize. Smiles. Every last one of them was all smiles and radiant and tan and happy and just so damn perky with their expensive sunglasses and hundred dollar haircuts. What about the nausea? The back pain? Where was all the unpleasant stuff other than \"Gosh! I've had the worst craving for pickles wrapped in bacon!\" Jackie ended up tossing the glossy magazine to the side and standing up to look at herself in the mirror once more. Indifference over a smile. Skin showing signs of staying homebound during the winter months. She figured her boobs were pretty perky, but whimpered as she poked them. Tender. Damn, she was a wreck. Or at least she felt like one. Nothing like the saturated women on the pages. \"Eh, who needs over-priced flip flops and skin cancer,\" Jackie grinned, pulling her phone out her pocket to check the time. Three minutes in t-minus ten, nine, eight… Letting out a deep breath Jackie looked down on the edge of the sink, holding her hand back as thoughts of \"gross, I peed on that\" crossed her mind along with thoughts of just throwing the stupid thing out because she was being stupid. This was stupid. Everything was stupid. Magazines, pregnancy tests, and nausea. All just stupid, stupid, stupid. Still, it couldn't hurt to just be safe. Take a quick peak and put all this to rest. Today had already been interesting enough without the answer to a mystery just sitting out in the open. Dammit, just look at the damn thing! It's not going to bite! \"Alright, alright…\" Jackie replied to her own thoughts picking up the test. A weird looking plastic thing that could be nothing else but itself. Just a weird looking plastic thing. Nothing to be afraid of. \"That's not gonna kill a zombie. You gotta either shoot them in the head, decapitate them, or set them on fire. Those are the only possible ways.\" \"Sebs,\" Tom replied calmly as if this was the most civil discussion in the world. \"You have to remember that these aren't your standard model zombies. These are infection zombies. They're a whole other thing entirely. Yeah, those things will work on them, but you can shoot these ones like any other person 'cause they're still pretty much people. Bullet holes kill people, and if they don't you just gotta keep shooting. It's hard for them to attack you if they look like Swiss cheese.\" \"You've already prepared for a zombie apocalypse haven't you?\" \"Would it be me if I hadn't?\" Tom countered. \"No, I guess not,\" Sebs replied, eyes still focused on the screen. \"This movie could do with more explosions though.\" \"Agreed…\" The movie went quiet as the protagonist's breathing became more and more clear as impending doom loomed closer. Silence then breathing. Tension building at its best, and both men leaned forward, expectantly awaiting the blood bath that was about to ensue. Zombies, guns, and blood drenched survivors. There really were few things better than that. God, the silence was almost deafening. And then… The phone went off. Tom jumped and jerked awkwardly as he was startled; practically off the couch by the time he was able to catch himself. Sebs had jumped as well, but he'd been able to keep his seat while Tom decided that it was just easier to flop onto the floor and then onto his back, looking up at the ceiling. \"Jesus fucking Christ…\" Tom exhaled, somehow managing to talk over the sudden cacophony of gunshots, screaming, and zombie growls that erupted from the television. \"Struck down by a rogue dial tone. How tragic,\" Sebs teased. \"Ah, shut up and answer it. I'm trying to watch zombies being massacred.\" \"From the floor?\" A pillow caught Sebs in the head, and he grabbed the phone. \"Hello. Jac? Hi, yeah, he's here. Uh huh…yeah, I don't know where else he'd be either. Yeah, hang on.\" Tom picked up his head to see Sebs holding the phone out toward him. \"It's for you.\" Sitting up all the way, Tom grabbed the phone, ignoring the smirk that was on his friend's face and covering one ear with his hands to block out the ruckus. Sticking his tongue out quickly he brought the phone to his other ear. \"Yeah'llo?\" \"Hey, Tom…I uh…I'm sorry about bugging you especially since I kinda kicked you out earlier,\" came Jackie's voice on the other end. \"Don't worry about it,\" Tom answered shoving his hand in Sebs' face to silence the whipping noises the other man was making as he stood up and resettled himself on the couch. \"You need something?\" \"Yeah, actually,\" Jackie continued, an unfamiliar shakiness in her voice. Tom's expression turned to concern as he listened. \"I…could you come home, please? I know you're hanging out with Sebs and all but…\" \"You really sick?\" Tom asked. \"Y-yeah. Could you please just get here?\" \"I'll be there in a bit.\" \"Thanks.\" The phone disconnected, but Tom held the phone to his face for a few more moments. \"Something the matter?\" Sebs asked, voice returning to its usual seriousness. \"I don't know…\" Tom answered, handing the phone back over to Sebs. \"I gotta go. It's probably nothing. I'll be right back. Keep watching the zombie stuff…\" he continued as he got up though his tone seemed off and his voice petered out. It wasn't like Jackie to be like that. Nervous. Why was she nervous? \"You'll tell me what's up won't you?\" \"Yeah, I will. Promise,\" Tom nodded as he grabbed his coat, stuffed his scarf in his pocket, and headed out the door.[Chapter 2] Author's Note: Chapter. Freakin'. Two. I feel like a real writer. \"Hey, what's the matter? You don't look so hot,\" Tom said from his seat on the couch. He was trying to keep his voice even, but it was so hard when he didn't know quite what was going on. His walk from Sebs' apartment was blurred together in a rush of cool air and concern. Jackie's place wasn't a far walk, not far by Tom's standards anyway, but as he arrived he realized he was out of breath, opting to take the elevator rather than the stairs for once. Avoiding both the stairs and the stares of people who would likely wonder why on Earth he looked so bugged out since they would have not been able to see anything immediately wrong. Tom knew though that something wasn't right. Call it instincts of just being observant; he just couldn't get his nerves to settle. The ride up had been almost excruciating, and what was worse was the look that she gave him when he arrived. Nervous, almost flighty, unable to look him in the eye and mumbling when she did speak. Something he was not accustomed to seeing on and hearing from someone who usually had the confidence to pull him out of his own reluctance. \"I mean…I know you're sick and everything, so you can't be good, but you called. Are you okay?\" the man continued, talking to fill the silence as he stared across the room. So far she'd offered him no more than a weak \"hi\" and had situated herself as far away from him as possible. He had already worried himself close to the point of sickness, and this wasn't helping his nerves any. What had he done? Why was she so upset? At this point he was certain the tension would kill him. \"I don't know. I mean…shit, I know. I'm not…god, this is just so frustrating…\" Jackie replied, standing up from her seat on one of her chairs. Even as she stood she braced herself up against it. \"I can't even think straight. I'm sorry. God, I don't even know what I was planning on saying…\" Keeping up the momentum she looked like she pushed herself forward and walked right past Tom and down the hall, a door closing behind her leaving Tom on the couch to ponder the empty room. Tom sat in the silence, a bit dumbstruck and confused. He wanted to get up, but his muscles had tensed up to the point of immobility. Locked up. He couldn't even shift himself to look down the hall or even turn his head. \"Jac?\" he called, his throat threatening to close up on him. \"What's going on?\" No response. No anything. Perhaps she wasn't able to understand him through the strangled garble sound of his voice. A sound that could best be described as a whimper escaped him, and he felt his legs twitch and then force him to stand up. His mind had released him but to do what? \"Jac, come on…you're scaring me half to death.\" Down the hallway and to the door the silence persisted. Tom dug his teeth into his cheeks and took a step forward and then another until he was within reach of the door. He thought to knock, but his arm refused to cooperate. He knew just standing there would be more than useless though. Pressing his ear to the door, Tom still couldn't hear anything. Tapping it lightly, arm deciding it had been stubborn enough for the time being, he called again. \"Jac? Hey, let me in…I'm coming in. I know the door's not locked. You didn't lock it. I didn't hear it click. I'm coming in. You got that?\" he rambled, trying to at least annoy a response out of her. More silence. \"I'm coming in. Unless you say something…nothing?\" Not even so much as the sound of movement. \"Ok, you asked for it. I warned you. I'm opening the door…\" Tom's heartbeat thudded in his ears, as he moved away from the door. He reached out to open it, his fingers grazing the doorknob but doing nothing to move it. This really shouldn't have been so hard. And yet it was. Who the fuck invented moments like this? Who'd have them willingly? Tom knew he certainly hadn't and wouldn't. Sighing, he braced himself and turned the knob and pushed, the door moving easily. How anti-climactic. He'd at least expected some kind of struggle, but no, nothing at all. Perhaps that was even worse. He wasn't used to this level of apathy. What made it more anti-climactic was the scene with which he was greeted. There upon the bed, curled up in a ball was Jackie, looking exhausted and small and childlike. \"Hey…\" Tom whispered taking a few steps forward and crawling onto the bed and rolling onto his side, shimmying as close to her as he could, almost enveloping her as he pulled his legs up to hers and reached an arm across Jackie's side. \"You okay?\" \"Of course I'm not okay,\" Jackie retorted as she balled up tighter, moving away from him. \"I'm scared shitless.\" \"Ah, come on, Jac…you're not afraid of anything,\" he said, keeping his voice low though anxiousness wove itself deep within his words. What was she talking about? Normally a thought or two would have entered his mind, but his present anxiety was enough to keep them at bay for the time being. \"You'd be surprised,\" Jackie frowned, hairs one the back of her neck standing up at the feeling of a cold nose and warm breath against her skin. Tom had moved to compensate for her shying away, and his desire to be so close, while she could recognize it as an attempt to be comforting, was not helping in the slightest. He still wanted to be close to her, but would he still want to if he knew? \"I don't think anything surprises me anymore,\" Tom replied, and Jackie shook her head. Oh, is that what he thought? Maybe it was a good sign. \"Look, I figured out why I'm not feeling well. Why I haven't been feeling well,\" she began, rolling over but remaining curled up against Tom's torso. He was warm, and it made her feel sleepy. Not like she wasn't already tired enough. \"It's really simple, but…it's not I guess, and I want to tell you, but I don't know what you'll do. I don't know what to do, and you know how I hate that.\" \"You're gonna have to elaborate. I'm not a mind reader.\" \"I'm trying, okay?\" Jackie snapped. Tom made a hurt sound, and she felt suddenly guilty. He didn't know. How could he know if she didn't tell him? It wasn't fair, and she knew it. She looked up at him only feeling guiltier as she saw the concern on his face. \"Jeez, I'm sorry,\" she sighed, reaching over and rubbing his cheek, the normal gesture feeling nice in the context of the situation. \"Look, I went the drug store today, you know…looking for something that might make me feel better, and well…I had this idea and bought something that would, you know, potentially answer some questions.\" \"What…?\" Tom's face was devoid of any real understanding. He was paying attention for sure, his attention focused on her, but he could have sworn that nothing was being said to him. All this vagueness was starting to hurt his head. He'd never appreciated getting talked at, but what could he say? She seemed to be trying. \"Alright, for real this time,\" Jac said, taking a deep breath. It was now or never, and Tom was already confused. Confusion was certainly not the goal here. Clarity. Truth. Truth was the best option, and she knew what it was. She needed to speak slowly and clearly, but she could already feel her words starting to come up fast like they did back in the days of uncomfortable school presentation. \"I sort of…boughtapregnancytest, anditcameoutposititiveandIwa slike 'noway' soIdiditagain, andthesamethinghappened, so…IthinkI'mpregnant.\" She felt her cheeks flush. Oh jeez…that had not gone how she'd wanted to at all. \"Were those even words?\" Tom asked, expression proving to still be genuinely concerned and confused. She'd thought that perhaps he'd caught all that; had the smallest hope that she wouldn't have to say it again. \"Sorry, I'll try and go a little slower this time,\" she sighed. \"I'd like that.\" \"Okay, so I went to the drug store, and while I was there I bought some pregnancy tests. You know…just because…\" Tom's expression became more scrutinizing as he put meaning to words, like he had it right on the tip of his brain, but he wanted to be sure first. And that look wasn't making this any easier. \"So, I took the test, and it turned out positive…twice.\" Tom's scrutiny turned to blankness, and Jackie felt her heart sink as he pushed himself up into a sit, palms flat, face turned down and away. The wheels turned in his head for an eternity, but he said nothing. Nausea of a different kind tickled Jac's stomach, and she felt a lot colder without him there. This was what she hadn't wanted. At least if he'd speak she could understand it, but she couldn't interpret the silence. \"So…you're…\" he managed to force out, still not looking up. \"It would seem so,\" the woman nodded, sitting up as well. \"I see…\" \"Tom…\" He didn't look up, didn't even flinch, so she did. \"Tom, can we talk about this? Please? That's why I called. I don't know what to do, and I thought maybe if I told you…\" \"That I'd know what to do?\" Tom said, picking up his head suddenly. \"Fuck, how should I know?\" \"I don't know, but…\" \"But nothing,\" the man interrupted. \"Look, I gotta go. I can't talk. Maybe some other time. I just can't talk right now.\" Tom was on his feet and by the door in a flash, making no attempt to hide the fact that he was avoiding eye contact. \"Maybe some other time, yeah?\" \"Wait a minute. Tom-\" The door closed behind him with a deafening crack-thud sound, and his quickened footsteps down the hall causing Jackie to feel herself wilt until she was lying on the bed again, laying in the silence until after the front door closed and there was no one else to confide in but herself. Just nausea and cold and loneliness. It didn't happen right away, but she felt a pain in her chest that didn't go away, and she clenched her eyes shut to stop the burning. Tom's hands were shaking as he walked out the door, down the hall, and practically flew down the stairs, abundance of thoughts making his mind buzz from all the static. November wind greeted him as he stepped outside and blew away his thoughts as his legs carried him back to Sebs' apartment without his consent. He didn't see the other people, and he could have sworn he'd gone deaf. Not even his own mind wanted to break the silence. Back inside the building, up the stairs, down the hall, and in through the door, plopping himself back down on the couch immediately and staring at the TV screen. \"A 'hello' would have been nice,\" Sebs, who apparently was still on the couch from before, Tom hadn't noticed, said. \"Huh? Oh, sorry. Hello,\" Tom replied quickly at the first sound he'd heard stole away the silence. A knee jerk reaction in verbal form. Sebs furrowed his brow and gave his friend's profile a glare. \"Tom, look at me.\" Obediently Tom did just that, face slack save for his jaw that ground his teeth against one another. \"What the hell happened?\" \"Happened? What do you mean?\" \"You know damn well what I mean, Tom. Jackie called. What'd she have to tell you?\" Tom wrinkled his nose and looked away. Sebs knew something was up, but he'd be damned if he let what had passed out. \"Something happened didn't it?\" Insistent wasn't he? \"Nothing happened.\" \"Bullshit.\" \"Drop it, man,\" Tom insisted as he focused his attention back on the screen. \"So, zombies…what'd I miss?\" \"Nothing.\" \"Well, obviously something had to have happened. That guy looks like he's in fucking shock. People don't look like they're in shock for no good reason.\" \"Exactly.\" Tom eyed Sebs warily, but his jaw clenched. He snorted, his nostrils flaring, and Sebs believed for half a second that Tom was going to bite him. \"My life's not a zombie movie, Sebs,\" Tom growled. \"Now, can you please just tell me what happened? Is this even the same movie? It doesn't look like the same movie.\" \"Maybe I'd tell you what's going on if you'd do the same for me,\" Sebs countered, crossing his arms over his chest. \"Come on. What could I possibly do?\" Tom hunched his shoulders and rested his chin on his palm as he leaned forward in his seat. \"I don't know. That's why I don't want to say anything.\" \"That's stupid.\" \"I know, but I don't care. You might get weirded out. That a better reason?\" \"I'm your friend, remember? There's very little you could do that'd weird me out at this point.\" \"Point taken, but this thing is just…so fucking weird.\" \"What thing?\" Tom pressed his lips together and groaned. Well, now he had to tell him. He'd admitted to a \"thing\". Score one point for Sebs' need to know \"things\". He'd never hear the end of it now if he didn't either tell the truth or think up a good lie quickly. \"Alright, well, you know that thing that people do?\" \"Oh, most definitely, Sir Vague-a-Lot.\" \"Your choices at the moment are getting an explanation or a fist to the face,\" Tom threatened, and Sebs knew better than to assume he was joking. Tom felt a bit guilty though. He'd gotten irritated at Jackie for being just as vague, and now he was doing the same thing. Still, Sebs was sporting for a smack upside the head with that comment. Nothing would convince Tom otherwise. \"Okay, okay…go on.\" \"So, Jac's not been feeling too good, and well…man…how do I put this…tiny human.\" Sebs pondered for a moment before replying. \"A midget?\" \"What? No. Why the hell? Never mind…I don't want to know.\" Tom shook his and continued. \"I mean the other kind of tiny human. She kinda sorta…told me about it, and so…that's what happened.\" Sebs sat up and stared as he listened, taking little time to figure out what was being said to him. \"Wait…you mean like a kid?\" he asked though his tone showed that he already knew the answer. Tom nodded. \"Jeez, what'd you say to that? I mean…I guess that's not too unexpected, but…what'd you say?\" \"I…\" Tom began, rubbing his head and fixating on the TV once more. \"I…\" \"What?\" \"I didn't say anything. I just said that I had to go. I left. Sebs, I left.\" \"You did what?\" Sebs asked, sounding disappointed. \"Tom…\" \"I left! I couldn't handle it so I left. I fucking almost pissed myself, and I ran away. How the fuck do you think I got here?\" Tom interrupted, throwing his arms up into the air before bringing them back down onto his head, palms over his ears and fingers in his hair, scratching his scalp. \"Get it now?\" \"Yeah, I got it,\" Sebs frowned, looking more than his fair share of disappointed. \"Tom, that was a real shit thing to do.\" Tom didn't answer him. He was busying himself with digging his toes into the floor and drumming his fingers against his head, doing his best to not hear his friend's words and the disapproving tone. \"You should get your ass off this couch, and figure that out,\" Sebs continued, voice firm, almost like a parent scolding a child. \"You know you should.\" \"I can't…\" Tom tried to explain. \"It's not like there's anything I could say…do…\" \"You could grow yourself a pair of balls,\" Sebs offered still looking less than impressed. \"That's my problem,\" Tom replied, scrunching up his face and squeezing out a laugh. \"Hell, I was half convinced I couldn't even do that.\" \"Guess you proved yourself wrong.\" \"Fan-fucking-tastic.\" \"It could be worse,\" Sebs shrugged. \"Don't think so,\" Tom said. \"I'm fairly certain that I've created a demon from hell,\" he continued. \"The fucking Anti-Christ…oh man…this is not good.\" \"That's not very nice, and you're making excuses.\" \"Are they working?\" \"No. Get off my couch.\" Tom picked up his head and stared at the TV, then Sebs, then the floor, and then back at the screen. Blood, guts, and zombie moans… \"Okay…\" Tom nodded. \"I'll go. Yeah…I'll go.\" Sebs may or may not have said something, but even if he had Tom's mind was already trying to sort itself out, possibly find an impossible solution to all this. Back out into the cold again. Off to face something that he'd never imagined. If ever he felt the need to pray to the mighty \"whoknowswhat\" in the sky he felt this was it. Looking up he stepped to the side as a person brushed past him. Busy, busy, busy…and unaware. Unaware of the thing he was passing. Staring up at the gray sky, Tom hoped it wasn't as empty as it looked. The rest of the walk was quiet, the sky darkening as Tom dragged his feet. It took twice the time it usually would, and Tom wondered if he should bother trying at all. It was late. It was cold. She probably didn't want to see him. She was probably mad at him and with good reason. Still, Sebs had been right, and Tom knew he was right. That only made him feel worse. He managed to shut off his mind until he was at the door to Jackie's apartment. Perhaps an empty mind was the best thing for this. His ability to think was proving itself unreliable. He went for the handle, but to his surprise it was locked. The door was never locked, and his heart sank. Had she not expected him to come back? He had a key of course, but it was the principle of the thing. She'd locked him out, and on purpose too. He knew he certainly hadn't done it. Did he dare open the door? \"Jac?\" he called, knocking softly on the door feeling the uncomfortable force of déjà vu. \"Jac…hey, I'm back. Could you let me in? Please?\" He knocked again. Harder. \"I'm sorry, okay? I messed up. Gimme another shot. Open the door. I thought about it some more…hello?\" \"Why should I give you another chance?\" came the woman's voice from behind the door. Tom had heard her angry before, but this wasn't just sharp teeth. There was poison in it, and his hand fell away before he pressed it flat against the door, leaning his forehead against the smooth surface. \"Because I'm stupid, and you know that. I fucked up. I didn't mean to. Please let me in. Jackie…say something, please. Jac, are you even listening to me?\" Tom could hear nothing, and out of the corner of his eye he could see a few people in the hall staring at him. Focusing forward he knocked again. \"Come on…you want to talk? I'll talk. Don't ignore me. Dammit, please don't fucking ignore me…\" Tom hated how his voice started to sound like a whine, but he found it harder and harder to maintain his composure, or what he'd had of it. He couldn't even hear movement on the other end. Just like before. Fucking before. She was just standing there, staring at the door knowing full well he was out there, and she refused to do anything about it. He was absolutely sure of it. She had the choice to let him in, and she had chosen not to. Tom felt something in his mind slip out from under him, and his knees slowly gave up on supporting him as he slowly slid down into a sit, knees drawn up close to him and the side of his head up against the door. And of course those fuckers down the hall were still staring. \"Jackie,\" he forced through the barbed wire in his throat. \"I know you're listening…well, maybe you're not, but you can hear me. I know that. I don't care that everyone's looking at me funny. I just want you to let me in. I did a really shitty thing. Let me in. I'm sorry, Jac. I'm really fucking sorry, okay?\" Nothing, nothing, nothing…click, the sound of a lock being turned back. Tom picked up his head and moved away from the door, awkwardly crouched on all fours as Jackie opened the door, looking down on him like he was some dead animal a cat had dragged in. He smiled weakly, trying to look endearing. Well, as endearing as his face got. \"What was that you said?\" she asked, eyes narrowing. \"That I'm sorry,\" Tom repeated, looking and sounding over eager. \"That I'm stupid and an asshole.\" \"Good,\" Jackie replied, quickly and sharply before closing the door hard, the sound causing Tom to stumble and land on his rump as it almost caught his nose. Righting himself, Tom stood up and went to the door, cautiously grabbing the handle and turning it, this time it was unlocked, but he couldn't smile. \"Hey…\" he greeted softly, spotting Jackie sitting cross-legged on the couch. She didn't even turn to look at him. He went to sit on the couch as well, but the woman shot him a glare, and he opted to plant himself on the floor in front of it instead. He had every intention of keeping himself intact. \"So...you want to talk?\" he asked, feeling weird as he looked up at her like he was some child. \"I want to talk now, but if you don't want to talk I guess that's okay too…\" \"You're really sorry?\" Jackie asked, training her eyes down upon him. \"You know I am…\" \"Why'd you leave? You really that much of a scaredy cat?\" \"Guess so…but I came back didn't I?\" \"Yeah, I suppose you did.\" \"I don't really react well to surprises...\" \"I know you don't.\" Tom leaned forward, resting his palms on the carpet. His tongue felt dry and heavy in his mouth, but he couldn't ask for water. He knew he'd just use it to push what he wanted to, had to, ask farther and farther away. \"So, you're…\" the word sloshed around in his head a little bit longer before he finally managed to say it aloud. \"Pregnant.\" God, what a weird sounding word it was. Emphasis never sounded right, and it was clunky. What a god-awfully appropriate word. \"Yep,\" the woman nodded, her tone markedly removed from the moment. \"Mine?\" \"Well, I'm not the fucking virgin Mary.\" \"So…that's a yes?\" \"Yes.\" \"That's…cool. Didn't think I could do that.\" \"Surprise,\" Jackie said, rolling her eyes. Tom made a face, but kept the comment that went with it to himself. Slowly he shifted so that his arms rested on the couch. Baby steps. \"You know what happened?\" Jackie shot him a look. \"That's not what I mean,\" the man clarified, lifting himself onto the couch, but giving the woman her space. \"I mean, weren't you on the pill or something?\" \"Yeah,\" Jackie shrugged. \"But sometimes it fails, which kinda sucks, but it's whatever, I guess…weird how the symptoms of birth control are a lot like the symptoms of pregnancy. How weird is that? You'd think that'd screw up so many people.\" Jackie's voice grew more and more agitated as she spoke, hugging her arms to her sides and holding her arms tightly so that her knuckles were almost white. \"Or maybe I'm just stupid. I think I'm just stupid. I should have figured…what's the percentage again? I mean…it's not a perfect hundred for a reason right?\" \"Please, just shut up,\" Tom said shaking his head and grabbing Jackie's arm. She tried to pull away, but Tom pulled her over to him, a bit roughly, but that was just how he did things, and wrapped his arms around her so that her back was to his chest. Jackie stiffened for a moment or two, not enjoying the immediate feeling of being held captive, but relaxed as she felt him rest his head at the base of her neck. A cold nose and warm breath…it was almost comforting. \"Thanks…\" she said gently. \"You okay?\" Tom asked. \"Of course I'm not okay,\" she replied though softer than she had before when he'd asked. \"I don't think I'm okay either,\" he admitted. \"What're we gonna do?\" \"That's a good question…\" The pair sat in silence, contemplating and trying to distract themselves at the same time. Neither knew quite what to say, what to do. A kid…both figured they should have discussed something like this ahead of time, but as they say, hindsight is twenty-twenty. \"Well,\" Jac began, deciding that the silence had persisted long enough. \"I personally make it a point not to have sex with anyone I'd be opposed to having a kid with, but that's just a me thing. Kind of a prude aren't I?\" \"Nah, seems reasonable, and I think I can safely say you're far from a prude,\" Tom shrugged, even offering a smile. \"And I mean…I like kids and all, but I just…I'd kinda given up hopes on any of my own. You know…there'd be a real risk involved…\" \"What do you mean?\" the woman asked, turning her face to look Tom in the eye. \"Well, I mean…not a physical risk or something like that. Hell, I'm strong as a fucking bull.\" Jackie bit her lip, but her laugh refused to be held back. \"Oh hush…\" \"Sorry, go on.\" \"I'm just afraid that…that the kid will be like me.\" \"That wouldn't be so bad,\" Jackie replied. \"I know haw to deal with you.\" \"Yeah, but I can't deal with me.\" \"Kid might end up like me or like neither of us.\" \"That could be interesting,\" Tom nodded before moving to rest his chin on Jackie's head. \"It could, and well…I really…don't want to get rid of it. You know…I mean…you know, like that …\" Jac said, leaning back more. \"Maybe that's just a me thing too? Because I mean…if that's what it comes to…\" Tom remained silent though he knew the statement had been a veiled question in his direction. \"I mean…you're not opposed to that are ya?\" Still, he said nothing. \"We could always give it to someone else…\" Jackie offered lightly. \"No,\" Tom finally responded, shaking his head. \"I did this…I'm taking responsibility for it. Like…like a fucking adult.\" \"You sure? I mean, I can't really say that I had no part in this.\" \"Sure? I'm not sure of anything. Definitely not right now…\" \"Me either.\" Jackie paused, allowing her mind to entertain thoughts. She knew better than to assume what most would. White picket fences, pies baking, dog in the non-existent yard…no, that was foolish to assume. This situation was highly atypical, and yet she couldn't care about that aspect of it. Typical was so boring. Of course it was also predictable. But hadn't she promised never to be predictable? And what about Tom? He seemed to have made up his mind, and goodness knew when he made up his mind he was damn hard to convince otherwise. \"You think we can handle this, Jac?\" Tom asked suddenly. \"I always wanted kids when I was younger. Maybe this isn't so bad?\" \"I guess we'll have to, and it could be far worse,\" Jackie replied. However, as she said it she realized that she really wasn't too bothered. Maybe they could do this, and if they couldn't…to hell with that thought. There were far more inept people in the world. They could do this. They were going to try. \"You scared?\" she asked, practically hearing Tom having thoughts. \"I'm terrified,\" he began, his own mind whirling around with possibilities. \"But I'm kinda…I know this might sound weird, but…I'm kinda excited. I guess it'd more be anxious really.\" \"Same, but at least we can be terrified and anxious together. It's better than nothing.\" Tom let his arms relax, having them rest limply on Jackie's legs. He could feel his heart pounding in his chest, and he was certain his ears were bright red. As weird and as stressful as this was there was still something weirdly enticing and interesting about it. This was a problem he'd never thought he'd encounter, but as he sat there his mind traveled back to his twenty-something ponderings on a family. On kids, on happiness, on people waiting for him when he got home, on normalcy…He'd since quite convinced himself that such things weren't meant for him, but maybe, just maybe, this was some way of having his own twisted version of normal. Just maybe… \"Yeah, better. There's two of us for one thing,\" Tom agreed. \"We're in for a whole lotta shit aren't we?\" \"The most shit you've ever seen.\" \"Fantastic.\"[Chapter 3] Author's Note: This took me far too long to write. I blame school. Anyway, onto chapter 3 of this things. Story-ho! Tom flitted in and out of sleep, not even the light of day that shined in through the windows disrupted him as he dreamed in black and white and shades of gray. Dreams filled with half conversations and snippets of memory. He heard soft noises in the back of his head like the voices of ghosts or children. Perhaps both. Ghost children…very spooky. However, a different sound aroused his senses and woke him from the whirling dreamscape. The room was dark save for a shaft of light and empty, present company excluded. Blinking a few times before rubbing his cheek, feeling the prickle of nighttime stubble on his fingertips, Tom tried to remove the sleep from his face, looking around the bedroom in the process as if something would appear. He still had his clothes from the day before on though they were now stiffer and felt weird on his skin, and it would appear he had slept on top of the sheets, the bed mussed up less than it usually was. The night before had been a flood of sensations and feelings as he and Jackie had discussed their situation back and forth between themselves. Thoughts on kids and their own ability to take care of things. Jackie had mentioned having had several dogs when she was growing up, but Tom had been quick to remind her that children weren't quite the same as dogs. Dogs were furrier. Even that joke had gotten a laugh, and some frayed nerves were treated with levity until the unease ebbed away and there was nothing left but weariness, the two of them succumbing to sleep atop the bed where they had been sitting, huddled up close together as if to defend against any further surprise and distress. Tom's head felt warm though the rest of him was colder from waking up alone, and his mind was fuzzy, but he could still hear the sound that had woken him up in the first place, something moving outside. Life outside the confines of the room. Sitting up he stretched his arms over his head, a few joints cracking. He was thankful to morning drowsiness for putting a haze over his nerves given the fact that yesterday's events were still fresh and stressful, though today seemed to be starting out much better. Then again, it had only just begun. Horrible things could still happen, but Tom just didn't have the mental awareness at the given moment to think about it. Placing his feet on the floor, Tom was taken aback by the fact that he still had his shoes on. Oh well. He pulled them off and rubbed his feet before attempting to stand up once again. He managed to make it to the door but paused momentarily as his brain dug around for just how doors worked before continuing. Left foot. Right foot. That was how you walked wasn't it? He picked up his head and tried not to stare at his feet. Something smelled like coffee…probably coffee. Smelled nice and tasted less nice. The kitchen door swung open easily, perhaps a little too easily as it hit against the wall with a loud crack. \"Good morning. What're you doing up?\" Jackie asked, surprisingly composed despite the noise. Tom could quite tell if it was because she didn't mind or if she was focusing so hard on not worrying that she couldn't be bothered to put forth the extra effort and care about how hard Tom could slam the doors. He did it often enough. \"I could ask you the same question,\" Tom mumbled, maintaining enough consciousness to see Jackie standing at the kitchen counter with the coffee he'd smelled, already dressed and ready for the day. He could smell the soap she used from where he stood. \"It's Monday. I'm an adult who has a job. Remember?\" she replied as she moved past him to go sit on the couch. He didn't follow her but kept his gaze trained on the counter, foot holding the door open. \"It is?\" Tom paused, figuring in his head as he finally turned to the couch. Days always seemed to mesh together these days. \"Oh, yeah…and no one wants to hire me. I have no skills, and I'm crazy,\" he said sleepily as thoughts fell awkwardly from his mind with no attempt at segwaying. The man dragged his feet and dropped onto the couch with all the grace of a square wheel, sitting there limply as sleep started to round on him once more. \"Crazy's a hard thing to do,\" Jackie shrugged as she drank her coffee, the smell of it making Tom's nose twitch. \"Seems to exhaust you enough.\" \"You look better,\" Tom commented choosing to ignore the latter part of the woman's comment. \"Feel better?\" \"A bit. Stomach's still acting up, but I figure I'm just going to have to get used to that,\" the woman replied. \"Was thinking about calling the doctor. You know…get on track with this thing,\" she continued, touching her stomach lightly and pulling her hand away just as quickly as if she had touched something hot. Tom nodded still not completely there though present enough to notice the quick movement. He figured his nerves would be all up in arms once he was fully awake, but it was nice to discuss such things with some level of calmness, natural or induced by drowsiness. \"But yeah, just want to be safe, and make sure I didn't mess anything up. For all we know this could just be a bad scare.\" \"I doubt it,\" Tom shrugged unsure from which corner of his mind the response had come. \"You seem kinda sedated.\" \"I'm sleepy.\" \"I figured. Well, I gotta go. Don't destroy anything while I'm away, okay?\" \"M'kay…\" A kiss on the cheek and a pat on the head, and Tom was alone again, slipping back into sleep until the sound of a parent and their child arguing down the hall awoke him with an unpleasant jolt. He became suddenly hyperaware of the \"not clean\" feeling of his clothes, no less wrinkled and stiff from having slept in them, and that simply would not do. It took a lot of effort to get off the couch, but Tom managed to bring himself up to a stand once more and shuffled as fast as he could back to the bedroom and into the bathroom. The bathroom in the hall was good and all, but Tom wanted space today. Space to think and bring himself back to world of the living. Stripping he caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror. Fair skinned, near constant stubble on his chin, blue and scar tissue. He didn't look long before turning away, adjusting the temperature of the shower until it was just right. Burned a little. Made his skin red and tingly. Stepping in it did just that, the steam making him dizzy. Sliding the shower door open slightly a rush of cool air caught him, the fresh air filling his lungs and clearing his mind and allowing it to wander. What had those people in the hall been talking about? Did it even matter? A parent and their child. He thought that was what it had been. Perfectly normal and still arguing. What chance did he have if not even people that were supposedly perfectly functional had difficulty? \"I'm doomed,\" Tom said to his toes and into the water, turning the heat down so that the temperature was more cool than hot, pushing the thought to the side. He picked up his head and grabbed whatever girly scented soap Jackie had in that shower. He preferred less flower for his personal use, but it smelled nice on girls. Whatever. He wasn't running down the hall to get his \"man soap\". This would do, and hey, he'd smell pretty. Impress all the bums on the street or some shit like that. That and girl soap lathered up in the most satisfying way. Looked like soft snow or lighter than air cotton. Lather, lather, rinse…sweet smells and bubbles. And still pasty. Oh well. Maybe next time. Tom turned off the shower and stepped out onto the mat, shaking his head and the rest of him, water droplets flying off, Tom quietly wondering if someone would buy it if he said he was raised by wolves. Would that make this kid…his kid, part wolf? Perhaps. He figured he really shouldn't have been thinking about this. He was suddenly quite certain of this fact. He was only going to upset himself unnecessarily. Besides, this kid might not even exist. Be an illusion brought on by drugstore pregnancy tests and paranoia. Of course, that thought didn't particularly thrill him either. He'd already felt his heart racing, but to have it suddenly stop… What'd he want? That was the million-dollar question and had always been. He couldn't even tell anymore, but then again he couldn't recall ever knowing everything that he wanted in the first place. Maybe he did want this. A family of his own and a white picket fence and some normalcy, but then again maybe he was being stupid and just feeling things. His feelings were only trustworthy on occasion. Maybe less often than that. But then again, he'd never been in this situation before. Nothing close to it apart from health class in high school when he'd taken the project of carrying around a baby doll perhaps a little too seriously. Well, it wasn't his fault that the \"mother\" didn't want to do her fair share for little Christie. Doll or not, wasn't that that the point of the project? Maybe he was thinking about it too much. Maybe that had nothing to do with anything. Maybe everything. Maybe…maybe he should have just stopped analyzing and actually have been productive rather than just standing naked and thinking. Grabbing a towel he dried himself off and wrapping the towel around his waist he returned to the mirror, wiping away fog. \"Hello again,\" Tom smiled falsely at the reflection. He made a few faces, watching the familiar lines in his face and some of the ones he didn't recognize. \"If all else fails I'll just get a puppy,\" he announced, shaking his head and then proceeded to finish cleaning up, deciding to shave and lose the homeless look to some extent. He'd try growing a beard next week to keep warm during the winter months. Retying the bandana around his head, covering up the memory and hopefully some of the embarrassment, Tom left the bathroom and dug around for a bit before finding a t-shirt and jeans that he found were acceptable with the underwear he felt like wearing that day. Spider-Man boxers always put him in a good enough mood. Perhaps if he just kept acting normal everything would be normal. Everything would be right in the world and he'd be able to forget about al of this. Or maybe he'd just be in denial. Either way, he knew how to deal with both. Walking back out of the bedroom he looked around the apartment. He was feeling energized, anxious. He couldn't just sit around for the rest of the day. Usually that was more than enough to entertain him, but everything about the place seemed constricting all of the sudden. Fresh air sounded like fantastic idea, and hopefully the sights of the city would give him other things to think about other than the fantastic weight he was still feeling. His feet no longer felt like lead as he walked, and he even managed a friendly smile at one of the neighbors that had stared at him only the night before. Perhaps, it had been less of a smile and more of a bearing of teeth in case the asshole wanted to stare at him again some time. Next time Tom figured he'd go for the jugular if it came to that. But now was not the time for such fantasies, and the brisk air caught him with the opening of the door to the outside and drew his senses to attention. There was construction going on a few streets over, and Tom stopped to stare for a bit, making sure to move out of the way of all the people that were in a hurry, pressing his chest against the fence, not doubt leaving marks in his skin. He watched the people walk buy between lulls in construction. Plodding on to work like ants and buzzing like bees, or rather, more like wasps if Tom had any say in it. A city full of stingers and biters. Seemed accurate enough. It was surprisingly easy to zone out to metallic sounds on concrete and banging, and he stood there for longer than he'd intended, metal digging into him through his shirt. Building something, creating it. Tom's mind was all too eager to make metaphors about creation and conception, and he decided he'd had enough of construction watching. The last thing he wanted to be thinking about was jackhammers and how some people compared them to the strangest things. And down the street he went, emptying his mind of anything remotely unpleasant. The world was so dull on Monday mornings, even later morning. People were at work, it wasn't even lunchtime. Even the bums out on the street seemed to have more to do than he did. Tom was hungry, but the idea of going someplace alone that was enclosed seemed utterly unpleasant. Like being drawn into a shiny trap by greasy bait, the doors closing behind you as if you'd tripped the wire. It was early yet for hot dog vendors, but Tom figured that whatever o'clock was as good a time as any. Hot dog carts. Tiny, somewhat shiny, easy enough to find, and smelling heavily of mystery meat and carbonated beverages. The vendor gave Tom a weird look he watched him set up his cart patiently. Tom wondered if it was because of his appearance or because of how relatively early he had arrived, but he didn't care enough to think on it too long and ordered his hot dog quickly and efficiently with too many toppings and plenty of napkins. As soon as he paid he turned and walked down the street further and stuffed his face with hot dog, pausing momentarily as he heard the sounds of more construction, his mind rounding back on jackhammers and then onto his hot dog. Stupid hot dog. Stupid shape. Stupid associations. He shook his head, tossing what was left of it in the nearest trashcan, cursing his stomach for making him feel both hungry and nauseous. Tom looked ahead and shoved his hands in his pockets, suddenly aware of how cold it was as a strong breeze nearly knocked him over. The outside wasn't seeming nearly as friendly as it had the other day and not even as friendly as it had been earlier that day. He resigned himself to heading back home and put his blinders up as best he could as he walked. Seemed the world and his mind were out to get him so he figured the only way to deal with it was to ignore it all. Maybe then he'd get half a second to just…to just…he didn't even know. The door to Jackie's apartment opened easily, and Tom realized he'd forgotten to lock it. For half a second he felt his heart stop as he looked around. There was clearly no damage, but Tom felt deflated. If he couldn't even remember to lock a door how could he possibly remember all the things that would come along with a kid? He'd said he wanted to keep it, but had that really been what he felt or just an attempt to be comforting? What if things didn't work out as nicely as he desperately hoped they would? He couldn't figure it all out. Bouncing ideas and thoughts off of himself had never been his strength. He needed to talk, but he didn't want to call Jac. He picked up the phone, fingers inputting a familiar number. \"Hello, Sebastian Favreaux.\" \"Tom.\" \"Huh? Oh, hey man, I was wondering about you.\" \"You were? I mean…uh, well, hey.\" \"Thought you might have gotten your stupid self castrated or something.\" \"What?\" \"Never mind. You call me about anything in particular?\" \"I'm sure you can figure it out. You're the smart one.\" \"Yeah, but it's nicer to get you to say it first.\" Tom shook his head. \"Sebs…you and your manners…\" he began. \"Look, I talked to Jac last night…after she decided to let me in, and well…seems I'm gonna…you know. Midget.\" \"You serious?\" Tom flinched at the surprise. \"Yeah, Jac's going to talk to a doctor soon…you know, just in case. Might just be a scare, but if it's not then we're pretty fucked I guess.\" \"Wow, you really are serious,\" the other man said, sounding both mildly confused and proud. \"And I wouldn't say fucked. Not this early on. Save it for the teenage years.\" \"Uh huh…and that's why I called you. I don't know if I should be serious. Shit Sebs…I mean, this is kinda cool and all, but I just…I'm such a fuck up, and you know-\" \"Shut up. Please, do yourself a favor and shut up.\" \"I'm trying to, but shit. How can I-\" \"What'd I just tell you?\" Sebs asked sharply. \"…\" \"Thatta boy. I'd imagine you're worried if you can handle it?\" Sebs continued, his voice changing from chastising to about five degrees off of being comforting. Tom appreciated the effort. \"Think your track record with humans in general would suggest otherwise?\" \"Yeah…\" \"Look, I'm gonna be really honest with you right now, okay?\" Tom wrinkled his nose but sighed knowing that is would come whether he wanted it or not. \"Yeah, go right ahead, Mr. Know-It-All. Enlighten me.\" \"I can't guarantee enlightenment, but maybe a little sense will be more than enough. You're an idiot, and you know that. A bit of an asshole when you really get down to it.\" \"How's that supposed to help?\" \"I'm getting there. Anyway, I know damn well how much you devote yourself to things you care about. If you really want to do this than I'd bet money that you'd be good at it, maybe even a bit too enthusiastic,\" Sebs said, his voice firm and exacting. \"So, tell me, do you really want to do this?\" Tom bit his cheek and picked at the fabric of the couch. Did he really want to do this? He thought hard on it, picturing a kid, his kid. Something small and his. Something the world couldn't take away from him. Not like everything else. And Jackie had been fine with keeping the kid…his kid! Didn't that mean something? Despite who he was and how he'd been, she still said yes. She cared for him regardless. The idea gave Tom a strange feeling in his gut, but it wasn't the nausea from before. Just a sort of lightness. Not unpleasant, but it wasn't exactly the best feeling. And didn't he care about her too? If this kid was to be in fact real, certainly he couldn't just walk away? Definitely not. Not in this situation…or really, any situation that he could imagine himself in. \"Yeah…yeah, I do, Sebs, and that's why I'm nervous. I want this to work out. If it doesn't…well, seems I just fuck up everything I have good intentions for. You must know that too.\" Sebs was quiet for a bit. Tom could just hear him thinking on the other end of the line, the wheels going round at an annoying pitch. \"The fact that you give such a damn is already an advantage. Not everyone in this situation has someone like you to worry like you do. You're worked up because you actually care. Just try…I dunno, breathing or something. Relax.\" \"I know…I know, but…I just want to be able to trust myself on this. I know Jac can handle it. She doesn't need me. My usefulness in this whole mess is pretty much done with, but that doesn't matter. I care so much, and it scares me. When I care…when I care people get hurt, Sebs…I don't want to hurt anyone. I've done enough of that.\" \"Tom, you're not going to hurt anyone. You haven't hurt anyone in a really long time.\" \"But I have, Sebs. I have hurt people…physically, and don't get me started on emotionally. It's just…I've wanted so badly to be normal, and this in a way almost gives me that chance,\" Tom said, his voice going soft and thoughtful. \"I don't want to ruin it. Sebs, I don't know if it's possible for me not to ruin it, but I know I will.\" \"I can't guarantee that you will or won't,\" Sebs said dryly. \"But it might help if you just give yourself a chance.\" \"I did once…\" \"And you learned nothing from it? That is sad.\" The words were sharp, and from his seat on the couch Tom sank deeper as if he'd been struck, and he faltered. \"Well, n-no, I did le-\" \"So, show the world what you fucking learned. You don't need to show me. I know. Now, look, I've got a lot of work to do. You're going to be fine, right?\" \"Yeah,\" Tom nodded. \"Yeah, I'll be fine.\" Tom hung up the phone and shifted until he was comfortable again, trying unsuccessfully to remember when exactly he'd sat down on the couch. It was still early enough in the day, just starting to get past normal lunchtime. Plenty of time for Tom to let his mind play games, and he figured he might as well indulge it. Picking up on where he'd let his brain explore earlier he thought on kids, what it would be like to have one be his. A little, climby, thing that made a mess when it ate. Despite himself he smiled. It was almost cute in theory. Perhaps he could do it. It wasn't so scary…well, it was, but he could handle it couldn't he? He'd been around kids plenty in his life. The only difference now was that it wasn't a sibling or cousin. Besides, he wasn't doing it by himself. Jac said she'd be there, and she'd said it so sincerely. \" You know, Tom…I feel a little better about all this. I was scared to death you'd hate me…\" \" I wouldn't do that. You know that. I mean…I acted like a dick, but I don't hate you.\" \" I know, but I was nervous. If I had to do this myself well, I don't know if I could.\" \" I'm sticking around. It's what I do.\" \" Thanks…I'm sticking around too.\" He felt more at ease, the image of Jac and this fantasy child playing in his mind like an old family-movie. His mind had created a quiet placed filled with the images of families in yards and bike rides. Tom didn't even notice as he relaxed, sinking into the couch again, feeling warm and comfortable as he lulled himself to sleep with thoughts of romping in the park and school talent shows. \"Tom.\" \"Hm?\" \"Is life really that tough?\" Jackie asked, rubbing the man's head fondly as he woke from the nap he hadn't planned on taking. Could you even call it a nap if it lasted for hours? \"You'd be surprised,\" Tom yawned, not bothering to sit up, enjoying the feeling of fingers on his scalp, almost leaning a bit into it with as little effort as he could. Felt good… \"You really should get your hair cut. I mean, you're not hippie levels, but I'm starting to think you might really be the wolf-man under this fur,\" Jac smiled, pushing Tom's hair back a bit. Tom whimpered groggily. \"Ah, quit fussing with my head. It's sensitive…\" \"Alright, what'd you do all day?\" Tom was tempted to tell her of his almost break down but chose to shrug his shoulders. \"Nothing really…just did a lot of thinking. I suppose you can grant me that?\" \"Yeah, no worries. You eat?\" \"Yep,\" he lied, well, sort of. He'd managed to keep his food down, so he was counting it as a success. \"Good. I was thinking of ordering something tonight…you want Mexican?\" \"Do I ever not?\" Tom replied as some of his energy returned to him at the mention of food. There was never a worry so great as to fully deter him from food. \"So, you do anything interesting?\" \"My mom called…\" Tom tensed up, and Jackie laughed. \"Calm down. I didn't say anything.\" \"God, as if your dad didn't have reason enough to castrate me.\" \"Calm down. He'd probably leap for joy if I was…if I am…you know. He's been on my case about kids since I got out of college. I could have gotten knocked up by some bum out on the street. My dad wouldn't care. I'd say you're a few steps above a bum.\" \"Thank you so very much for the compliment,\" Tom replied with all the sarcasm he could muster. He could understand Jac's need for levity, but he wasn't quite in the mood for it. His mind was still fuzzy from sleep, and it was lagging a little. \"Get off your high horse, Princess. Oh, I also set up an appointment for next week.\" \"Appointment?\" \"Doctor.\" \"Oh, right. Doctor ,\" Tom said, the word coming out of his mouth awkwardly. He hated doctors. It didn't even matter the type. Didn't like them. Not their look. Not their feel. Not their smell. He'd had his fair share of doctors and then some. \"Yeah, get some blood work. Sort this whole thing out,\" Jackie nodded, taking the seat next to Tom and leaning on him. \"I tried not to think about it today…I feel a bit guilty…\" \"It's the only thing I could think about,\" Tom admitted. \"Talked to Sebs. Told me I was stressing too much…\" \"I think some stress is allowed…I'm kinda glad you're stressed though,\" she grinned. \"I didn't want to be the only one. It'd be terrible if you were calm. I'd hate it. It'd make me feel bad.\" \"That's kinda…selfish.\" \"Yes, but it's honest.\" \"Fair enough. I think we can assume it's a big thing for pretty much everyone, so I guess this makes us…normal?\" \"Yeah, fancy that,\" Jackie nodded. \"We're pretty normal when we want to be.\" \"Burrito eating, normal, people who are gonna have a burrito eating, weird, kid…I can live with that,\" Tom shrugged, smiling at his sincerity. \"Me too,\" Jac replied. \"I guess that means you want a burrito then?\" \"Beef…with extra jalapeños and cheese,\" he grinned, showing sharp teeth. \"You got it.\" Jackie sat up and gave him a quick peck on the cheek before getting up grab the phone. Tom shifted into a straighter sit and watched her, laying out their conversation in his head. They weren't too weird were they? Tom knew full well he was far from typical, but could something be atypical and still be normal? Tom figured it made as much sense as anything else. As much sense as a weird, burrito eating, kid with a one-eyed, mentally shaky father and a stubborn but patient mother. And if someone couldn't make sense of that than they clearly just didn't have enough imagination.[Chapter 4] Author's Note: Finally right? Tom and Jac have an adventure at the hospital. \"Man, I hate doctors. Bedside manner is a myth they like to tell you to make you feel better, and their hands are always like damn ice,\" Tom practically whined, standing in front of the door. \"So? Your hands aren't exactly warm either, and I've never complained all that much have I?\" \"I know, but…they all think they're better than you just because they went to school for-fucking-ever. Stupid assholes,\" he grumbled, sticking his hands in his pockets. \"Tom.\" \"And another thing-\" \"Tom!\" \"What, Jac?\" \"You don't have to come you know,\" Jackie smiled, shaking her head as she walked up to Tom who still looked just as pissy as he had been. She gently pressed her hand against the man's chest, and he backed up accordingly, away from the door. \"There really isn't anything you can do there. I mean…it's not like there's anything an OB/GYN can do with you either. You're rather unfortunately endowed with a dick.\" \"Unfortunately?\" Tom frowned. \"What do you…\" \"That's not what I meant. You know that.\" \"Yeah, yeah…but anyway, I just…I'm kinda responsible for this any all you know? This is just as much my probl… thing as it is yours.\" Jac crossed her arms, and Tom looked down as she gave him a stern look. \"It's just an appointment to confirm things…maybe even deny. There's really nothing that can be done for a while…I mean, I had to do a bit of talking to get an appointment so quickly.\" \"But…can I at least tag along?\" He looked less frustrated now, but he wasn't whining any less than he was before. \"Fine, fine…just don't make a scene okay? You promise?\" \"Yeah, I promise.\" Tom kept silent on the way to the hospital, watching the other people on the subway and internally plotting out all the possible things that could happen, what could be revealed on this trip. Horrible monsters were somewhere on his list, and he almost told Jackie, but the more he thought on it the less funny it became. This was serious, and all he could think of was the plot to numerous horror films. Perhaps, he wasn't dealing with the stress as well as he thought he was. \"Aren't there…I dunno…specific offices and stuff for this?\" he asked, voice low so as not to bother anyone else. It was so strange. No one was even talking today, caught up in his or her personal bubbles. There was usually at least some sort of hum of chatter in these places. They probably didn't even hear him, but he couldn't get his voice to go any louder. \"Yeah, but I prefer to go to the hospital. My insurance covers it if I go there, and I mean, they've got a department and all,\" Jac shrugged. \"Just makes it easier, ya know?\" \"I guess so,\" he replied, turning his head to see what she was staring at. \"What're you lookin' at?\" \"Just the ads. Just at stuff…\" \"Trying not to think about it?\" \"I don't quite know what I'm trying to do,\" the woman said as she gave Tom an uncomfortably indifferent look. Tom was sure he at least looked stressed out, but up until now Jackie's face had been clear. Not vacant, but an eerie calm like early morning lakes or some metaphor or that nature. \"You're going to get a professional to confirm or deny pregnancy,\" Tom offered, using his best 'helpful tone'. \"See if we're in as deep of shit as we think.\" \"Thanks, I had no idea,\" Jac frowned. \"Sorry…\" \"Nah, don't worry about it. I guess I'm just tense.\" \"Well, I am too.\" \"Yeah, but I'm being nasty about it. I should be sorry, okay? I'm sorry.\" Tom leaned back and shrugged. \"Alright, fine.\" Silence settled over the pair again until they reached their stop. Getting off people gave Tom plenty of room and in turn Jac as well since she appeared to be with the slightly lumbering beast that was trying to pass itself off as a man. Anyone or anything that could walk with a mildly scruffy, one-eyed, guy must have been pretty tough themselves, right? Tom had long since gotten used to the stares, but they started to bother him yet again. These people even if they didn't know what he had done still saw him as strange and peculiar. If this kid were to be a real thing what would people say of it? Of him or her? Tom had assured himself the other day that it wasn't so bad. That there were worse people out in the world, and yet, in that moment with those stranger eyes on him he felt worry, felt concern, for what this potential figment would have to grow up with. It wasn't fair, and he suddenly felt rather indignant. How dare they judge him and thus his child in such a way? A swift and inflexible way that took no time to get to know facts or truths. All based on what that believed to be \"bad blood\". A surprising protectiveness welled up in Tom's chest the more he thought about it. Protectiveness for something that at this point might have not even been real. For something that for all intents and purposes was part of him, and belonged to him. \"You're making your 'kill face'. What is it now?\" \"Did you see those people? How they moved away?\" \"Yeah, so? They always do that.\" \"And they always will,\" Tom frowned. \"No matter what I do they'll always step to the side. With this kid won't they…won't they do the same?\" Jac's mouth became a line on her face as she thought. Lips pressed inward as if it would deliver a quicker answer. \"If they do, I say fuck 'em. Our kid would, possibly will, be a million times smarter than any of theirs, so yeah. Fuck 'em.\" She reached over and gave Tom's hand a reassuring squeeze and even added a smile. Tom smiled back and shook his head. \"And Sebs asks me why I like you…\" \"Does he?\" \"Nah, I just made it up, but it sounded good.\" \"Fair enough,\" Jackie shrugged as they made their way back up the stairs to the surface world. Tom squinted as the sun met his face, and before he could fully adjust he was making his way through automatic sliding doors into a place he dreaded. Hospitals. Sterile. Unfeeling. Cold. The man rubbed his nose, still cold from the outdoors. He did not like hospitals. Not one little bit. This one tried to look friendly. A strange sort of modern look that made for less white. Looked more blue really. Tom knew better though. The lobbies were just there to lull you into a false sense of security. The rest was all an unclean white. Even if it was fucking green the place would always be a horrible unclean white. A color that stank of sickness. Just the thought made his stomach tighten uncomfortably with unfortunate memories. Quietly Tom followed after Jackie who appeared to know the place far better than he did, keeping close behind, almost at her heels like a child until they reached the proper part of the seemingly giant building. He didn't trust the place a bit, and it showed. \"Are you going to be doing that all day?\" \"Huh? Doing what?\" \"Never mind. Look, I have to wait around for a bit, and I don't know if there's really anything you can do to be useful,\" Jackie said, running her finger over a small stack of papers Tom hadn't noticed she'd gotten. He'd hardly noticed them arriving in the department. Seemed his thoughts had consumed yet another irreplaceable chunk of time. \"This is the part where I tell you I should be there every step of the way,\" Tom replied, face devoid of emotion save for the very smallest hint of a smile the upturned the corners of his mouth. \"Yeah, yeah, I know,\" Jac laughed giving him a small shove. \"But this isn't some movie. Look, I'll give you a buzz when it's all said and done, okay? You do have your phone on you don't you?\" \"Of course. I mean…I can hardly work the damn thing, but I can answer it.\" \"Good enough.\" \"I hate hospitals…\" \"I know. Why don't you go eat something? I hear this place's cafeteria isn't half bad.\" \"I hate institutionalized food…\" \"You hate everything. Now, get a move on before I change my mind and make you sit around here like an ass,\" the woman teased. Tom shook his head but soon found himself heading down a hall out of the \"lady department\" of the hospital. The lobby was strangely empty, which was far worse than if it were to have been busy. Fewer distractions to take attention off of the strange man wandering around and looking lost. \"Can I help you with anything? Do you need directions?\" came a friendly, too friendly, voice from behind the front desk. Tom didn't take the time to register gender before he started shaking his head, not even looking over at the person. Not fully anyway. Brief eye contact and then straight ahead once more. \"No, I'm fine. Just wandering. Thanks. I'm good,\" Tom rambled as he delivered all answers he could think of. Still faking a smile he shuffled off into the gift shop, pausing to flair his nostrils at the smell of the place. It wasn't the smell of too clean or sickness, but it certainly had something going for it that made Tom's skin prickle with goosebumps. Then again, it might have very well just been the air conditioning, but somehow the man couldn't seem to convince himself of it. Overpriced snacks, stuffed animals, and other whatnot. There were even balloons, the ones in the front full and shiny, but Tom could see the neglected ones in the back that were losing their bounce. Deflating balloons with deflated words of encouragement and congratulations. He almost knocked over the canister of helium as he went to get a better look and decided to head back over to the stuffed animals. Maybe there would be less things to potentially knock over and destroy over there. It was so claustrophobic and everything either looked breakable or was on something Tom knew he'd have no trouble accidentally toppling over. The stuffed animals were sitting on what looked to be glass shelves, and carefully he tapped the shelving. Definitely glass, but at least it didn't look like it would suddenly shatter, which was a plus for his nerves. He grabbed one of the animals that looked soft; a plush \"almost rabbit\" whose nose was too big and whose eyes were so small they almost disappeared under the not quite silky \"fur\" on its face. He supposed it was cute, but its little, beady, eyes were strange, so he placed it back on the shelf, knocking his hand against the glass, accidentally this time. It made a louder sound than he expected, and he pulled his hand away quickly, face reddening nervously. He looked around for witnesses, but he was the only one in the store besides the cashier, and he hadn't heard anything from that direction. Well, seemed that crisis had been averted for the time being, and he turned his attention back the animals. The numerous bears were less unsettling, with larger eyes and more easily identified smiles. Tom grabbed a blue one with \"get well soon\" sewn into its perfectly white belly. He quickly looked over at the cashier whose face was buried in a gossip magazine and paying him no mind, which was fine by him. He turned his attention back onto the bear and pressed his fingers into it, enjoying the feeling of the material giving beneath his fingers. Teddy bears didn't look much like bears. He remembered hearing that somewhere. Snouts too short. Eyes too big. Proportioned more like small children that small forest dwelling creatures. Teddy bears were made to look cute by human standards. Tom held the creature out at arms length. Was that really what people found cute? Well, it was something all right. The bear found its way back to the shelf as Tom heard the shuffling of feet. He wasn't the only customer anymore, and that unnerved him something terrible. It was time to get out of dodge. Heading for the door Tom spied a cooler type thing with various drinks in it and grabbed a no-name brand cola and a similarly unfamiliar can of ginger ale, which he stuffed in his pocket after paying for both. He drank the cola thing as he walked, ignoring the thud of the other can full of liquid against his leg. It wasn't bad. Perhaps a bit too sweet with a funky after taste, but Tom had tasted worse things. His mind was still on the teddy bear, and he began following signs until he caught sight of it. A big window to the inside. A little human zoo. Tom squeezed the empty can in his hand feeling almost defensive. A nurse passed by him with a friendly smile, and he pulled himself away from the opposite wall not having noticed he'd leaned up against it. He shoved the empty can in his other pocket, too lazy to bother finding a recycling bin. He took a hesitant step toward the glass and then another, legs feeling stiff and being a pain to move. What were they going to do? Attack him? Not likely. Up to the glass, Tom moved he face closer, palms flat on the surface and nose pressed up slightly, leaving marks he was sure. \"Couldn't tell the damn things apart with those nametags I bet. And people say they're cute? They look so…weird,\" he muttered to himself as he scanned the room. Little boys in blue and little girls in pink. How typical. Some sleeping soundly and others squirming. Happy for reasons they couldn't express. \"Well, maybe that is kind of cute…\" Tom admitted as he focused on a small girl at the front who seemed captivated by her own fingers. \"She yours?\" \"Huh? What?\" Tom replied, moving his face away from the glass of the human exhibit. \"The little girl,\" the owner of the voice clarified. A young man, tall and sharp-featured. \"Oh, no…no, none of them actually,\" Tom shrugged turning back. \"Same.\" Tom picked up his head. \"Oh?\" \"Well, sorta,\" the man laughed. He indicated another little girl who was sleeping soundly. Tom shifted to get a better look. \"Moira. She's my sister's kid. My niece.\" \"Moira…\" Tom repeated. \"Nice name.\" \"This is my first time…you know. Being an uncle. It's kinda neat. Sort of like dad training you know? My fiancée and I were talking about kids. We both like them and all. Want to start a family.\" The guy continued to rattle on, and Tom nodded his head idly, but his attention was back on the other little girl. Kerry. He tilted his head slightly. He probably was someone's uncle. Knowing his family he was probably the uncle to a fair number of kids he didn't know. Maybe some he did and he couldn't even remember them anymore. Still, he knew he was no one's father. Well, maybe. Today's findings would either confirm or deny that. \"So, what're you doing here anyway?\" \"Window shopping,\" Tom replied with a wannabe laugh. \"Nah…I don't know what I'm doing really.\" The guy was silent for a few minutes as he followed Tom's stare. \"You want kids?\" \"I couldn't tell you,\" he replied coolly. He really didn't want to discuss such things with some talkative stranger. \"Fair enough. Well, look…I'm not trying to be nosey, but…whatever you're doing, good luck with that.\" \"Yeah, thanks.\" Tom watched the guy leave and hunched his shoulders. Tom didn't want luck. He wanted to know what the hell was going on and whether or not the end of the world was in fact coming. Luck was cheap and easy and you couldn't claim responsibility for it. Made one's hard work seem useless when chocked up to merely luck. Tom leaned his forehead against the glass, enjoying the coolness. Kerry had fallen asleep, and Tom felt his own mind lulling itself into a stupor. He hovered in oblivion for a while until he felt the buzzing in his pocket. It surprised him at first until he remembered where he was and why. Pulling the phone device from his pocket Tom stared at it for a moment before remembering. Green button. That answers the phone. Always the green button. Always. \"Hello.\" \"Thought you'd lost your phone or something.\" \"I'm not that careless.\" \"Yeah, okay. Anyway, so…wanna meet me back where you left? I'm all done, for now anyway.\" \"I'll be there in a few,\" Tom nodded even though Jac couldn't see him. He couldn't tell why, but he was happy to hear her voice, and as he hung up he noticed he even felt a bit better. He took a few steps and glanced back at the sleeping child in the window. \"Wish me luck.\" \"You get lost?\" \"Eh, only a little,\" Tom grinned, reaching in his pocket for the soda he'd stowed there having rid himself of the empty can on the walk over. \"Got this for you,\" he added. Jackie took it and shook her head. \"Thanks…it's warm.\" \"Well, it's been in my pocket most of this time.\" \"I figured. See anything interesting?\" the woman asked fingers still wrapped around the can, looking almost hesitant to open it. Tom figured it was pretty well shook up at this point, and he didn't think anything of it. \"Nah, not really. Too used to hospitals to notice anything I guess,\" Tom replied, almost laughing. Jackie nodded and smiled, but she still didn't say anything. \"So…\" \"So?\" \"Isn't there something you want to tell me? Need to confirm or deny…you know…\" Jackie narrowed her eyes for a second or two before shrugging. \"Yeah, I do.\" \"That didn't take too long.\" \"Lab's got a good turn over time here.\" \"I see…so?\" \"Yep.\" \"Huh?\" \"I am.\" \"Seriously?\" \"God's honest truth.\" \"Woah…\" Tom sunk into one of the chairs. Confirmations on top of confirmations on top of confirmations. He thought the weightiness had passed, but as he sat there Tom's mind once more attacked him with anxiety. \"So you and me and…yes?\" \"Uh-huh.\" \"How long until the thing?\" Tom asked, making a point of eye contact. He was calm. He was definitely calm. He was faking it very well. \"Probably some time in August. Late-ish about. Doctor and I figured we…some time in later October. The week of Halloween I think. Remember that?\" Jac replied sounding her own version of practiced calm. She even sounded like she was trying to joke, though poorly. \"Werewolf sex,\" Tom grinned, sticking his tongue out happily at the memory. Jackie rolled her eyes but couldn't hide a laugh. \"Better than candy…well, almost.\" \"Oh great…I'm going to have a puppy,\" she teased, reaching down and patting Tom's head. \"I wouldn't mind that at all,\" the man insisted as he shifted forward in his seat. \"I like puppies.\" \"Well, hopefully you like kids,\" Jac said with a sigh. Tom's face fell, all levity ebbing away. \"Kids are awesome,\" he stated, sounding as reassuring as he could. \"This kid is awesome. I'm more worried about us than this kid.\" \"You really think we can do this?\" \"Yeah, I think we can.\" There was a brief pause as Jac looked to be searching her mind for words. \"We're seeing my family for Thanksgiving this Thursday…think we should tell them then?\" \"It'll liven things up I bet. Besides, of all the things you can lie to your family about, I don't think this is one of them. It'd be an interesting surprise.\" \"A surprise they may actually be thankful for. My parents anyway,\" Jackie said, taking the seat next to Tom. \"I'll give them a grandkid to complete their collection. Maybe two. I have no idea at this point.\" The more she spoke the more her voice wavered, and Tom leaned over, resting his head on her shoulder. \"Hell, fucking, yeah. Most valuable collectable right here,\" he laughed as he lightly poked Jac's stomach. \"Cut it out,\" she grinned. \"No,\" Tom replied, defiant and almost childlike. \"You gotta make me.\" \"I think if I can handle you I can handle this,\" Jac said, shaking her head and practically shoving Tom off of her. She couldn't hide the grin now, and Tom had one of his own as well. \"Thanks…\" \"No problem. It's what I'm here for.\" \"Heya, Sebs.\" \"Huh? Oh, hey…when'd you get here?\" \"Just now.\" \"My door was locked.\" \"So?\" Sebs furrowed his brow, but he knew better than to be surprised. Tom's skill set was best suited to being either a burglar or an invasive friend. When it came to the contents left in the other man's fridge it would appear that Tom played the role of both of these things. He dropped the frown and eased his expression into a calm one. \"What's the verdict?\" he asked, leaning against the wall and watching Tom as he took a seat on the couch, pulling his legs up close to his chest. Sebs cringed out of reflex as Tom's shoes scraped across the nice material, and the other quickly removed his shoes before placing his feet on the couch again covered with socks that were starting to pill up. \"Verdict?\" Tom replied as he tilted his head to the side like the dog that he was. \"This is my life. Not some lawyer case.\" \"Forgive me,\" Sebs said with an overtly dramatic rolling of his eyes. \"You know I'm a lawyer 24/7.\" \"Maybe…\" Tom smirked. \"Still interested in knowing?\" he added his grin stretching a bit more at his guessing game. \"I wouldn't have asked otherwise.\" \"Well…\" Tom began, slowly as he gathered his thoughts, smile dimming so that he actually seemed serious. \"I'm going…I'm going to be a dad. I'm going to be someone's father, and holy shit…I'm surprisingly okay with that. Sebs…\" \"You're sure this time?\" Sebs asked, leaning forward as if he hadn't heard properly the first time. \"Yeah, doctor tests and everything…I'm gonna have a tiny human. My own. It's fucking madness.\" Sebs scanned his friend's face, wary of the possibility of one of the man's manic episodes. However, Tom didn't look manic. A bit excited, but Sebs would grant him that one given the circumstances. Tom was sitting up straight, which was something Sebs hadn't seen him doing in a while. He seemed almost too poised. Too ready. \"Do you know about how far along Jac is?\" \"Couple weeks…maybe a month,\" Tom shrugged. \"You guys got freaky on Halloween didn't you?\" Sebs said, managing a joke, but Tom's mouth formed an almost devious grin. \"Mischief night too,\" he quipped with humorous arch of his brows. \"Don't under estimate me.\" \"Oh, I don't. Trust me on that. You used to live here, remember? I'm not deaf.\" \"I told you I was sorry about that.\" \"Yeah, yeah, I know.\" Tom finally allowed himself to slouch, sinking into the couch with a strange, little, sigh. \"You seem almost…entertained,\" Sebs observed. \"I am, Sebs. I am,\" the other answered, staring up at the ceiling. His tone shifted to disbelief as he continued. \"I'm gonna be someone's dad, Sebs. I'm gonna…I'm gonna be a dad to some kid, and…I'm so scared that I'm excited. Shit, I'm even smiling. I think I've cracked again.\" Sebs had to stifle a laugh. Tom seemed so serious as he turned to stare the other man right in the eye. \"I'm going to be a dad…and I'm excited.\"[Chapter 5] Author's Note: Is it too late to be posting this thing? Eh, whatever, I do what I want. Next chapter, and it's chapter 5. Yeah! Productivity! Well, sorta. There's still so much more to do. Oh well, enjoy and such. The room smelled heavily of food and there was a strange hum to the chatter. Everyone talking back and forth, competing with the sound of the game in the other room. Though Tom was eying the ham his mind was elsewhere, sifting through the day's events for clues, foreshadowing for what would happen next. During the parade everyone had been focusing on the screen, Jac's mom commenting on her favorite floats and asking when certain singers had become popular. Her questions were a start contrast to the rest of the family's more subdued observation, though occasionally one of the kids would sing along with a song they knew. Even the dogs seemed caught up in the spectacle. After that it was football, both on the screen and in the yard. Somehow Todd and Ray, Jackie's brothers, had convinced Tom to play a rather loosely ruled game with them, two on one, which ended up with some bruises and friendly cursing. To be fair, Tom had given them fair warning. The kids had made hand-turkeys and snuck brightly colored feathers into everyone's pockets. Nothing out of the ordinary to note. A wet nose to the back of his hand reminded Tom of where he was as he looked down at the mutt creature that whined softly at his side. \"Sorry, Charlie. I'm not in charge of food today.\" The large dog whined again, making big, sad, brown, eyes at the man and laying his large muzzle on the man's leg. \"Ah, shit…that's cheating. Fine, fine…if you quit begging I'll sneak you some turkey, okay? Until then, you're in the way. Find someplace where you're not under foot,\" Tom said, tapping the dog's nose. \"You got all that?\" Charlie whimpered again, but lumbered away to sit with the other dog, Roxy, until further instruction was given. \"That old thing always listens to you,\" Jac commented from her seat beside him. Tom had almost forgotten she was there, so lost was he in his thinking and worry. \"All dogs do.\" \"They can smell their own.\" \"Very funny. I've never heard that one before,\" he said, smiling a bit and leaning back in his seat. \"Say…when're we going to eat anyway?\" \"In a minute. Jeez…you act like you haven't eaten all day,\" Jac teased. \"Don't you ever stop being hungry?\" \"Stupid question.\" \"Yeah, I know. So…want me to tell them?\" \"Huh?\" he replied, caught off guard for a moment or two. \"Oh, right…yeah, could you? That's actually what I was thinking about…\" \"I figured. I could almost hear you thinking. I think I'll mention it when we're going around the table, you know…filling each other in on the goings on of life. I mean, it's not like it's something that doesn't fit into that category.\" Tom nodded his head, though the gesture was empty. Whether it fit into a category or not did not change the fact that he was scared shitless. \"It fits, but I'd imagine what we've got to say is bigger than most everyone else's. Don't want to upstage anyone do we?\" \"What? Are you chicken?\" Jackie grinned, briefly making a quiet clucking noise. \"I am not. What about you? How're you so calm? I'm practically shitting bricks right now.\" \"Because I know my family. They'll be surprised, but they'll get over themselves. I promise,\" the woman assured his, patting his shoulder affectionately. \"Besides, I'm doing the talking. You just sit and be pretty okay?\" \"I can't guarantee the pretty bit,\" he said nervously, but kept his face straight. More food came out and thankful things were said. Typical family togetherness, but Tom knew… knew that some time soon the ice would have to be broken. News given. He kept glancing over at Jackie, looking for a sign, but she was caught up in a conversation with Todd, quietly declining drinks that were offered, and driving Tom absolutely insane. She was going to say it some time, but he was convinced that he'd die of anticipation before any of that happened. Maybe it would even be for the best if that was what happened. Wouldn't have to deal with all this anxiety anymore. He poked and sculpted cold potatoes, and still nothing happened. Wherever the axe was he was getting a bad feeling that it was bigger than anything he could possibly recover from. He had to take some action or else…or else it would just keep getting bigger and bigger and crush him. Tom nudged Jac's leg with his own, causing her to turn and look at him. \"What is it?\" she asked. \"You said you were going to tell them,\" Tom said quickly under his breath. \"Yeah, I am going to. What's the problem?\" \"I was hoping for some time before the kid is born,\" he said with a frustrated frown. \"You have a good point,\" Jac nodded, and Tom felt his stomach drop down into his feet, overcome with a sudden wash of \"oh god no\" as he saw her face succumb to a look that Tom knew all to well. She had a plan, and if past experience told him anything he was going to end up red in the face and horrifically uncomfortable. \"Oh jeez…Jac don't…\" he whined, but it was too late as he watched her stand up. He turned his face to stare intently at the table, gripping his knees until they hurt and his knuckles were white. Well, whiter. \"Hey, everyone, I need to tell you something.\" Tom bit his tongue and tried to create a hole in the floor with his feet to hide in. Having found no trap door he started to slowly slide down in his chair. Maybe he could just hide under the table and stay there. \"I haven't been feeling too good recently, but that's alright because there's a good reason for it.\" Halfway there. Maybe, if he was stealthy and fast enough, he could even get to the door. Even with all these eyes watching there was still a chance. \"I'm pregnant.\" Well, never mind then. Tom closed his eyes and waited for it. Torches and pitchforks. Cries to \"kill the beast\" that had \"defiled\" their daughter. But no, nothing happened. Not a word. Just silence. That only made it easier to hear the judging . \"Well, I never thought I'd see the day.\" Tom jumped as the voice broke the silence. \"I was starting to think it was impossible.\" Tom lifted his head, caught off guard by the joking tone. Jackie's dad was grinning for ear to ear and giving him a look he'd only seen on TV sitcoms. \"I'd give you a trophy if I knew ahead of time. I'll get it to ya by Christmas.\" Tom stared back at the older man and fought to keep from having his mouth hang open. \"Are…are you making fun of me?\" \"Not a bit. Also, looks like you're done. Want some pie or something?\" \"Oh…uh, yeah. Sure.\" \"Your family took that surprisingly well.\" \"I told you they would.\" \"Yeah, I know, but…I just wasn't expecting them to be so…okay with all of this,\" Tom said as he stared up at the ceiling in the guest room. Jackie hadn't felt like driving back, which Tom wouldn't have minded in any other circumstance, but given the context of the evening staying over seemed surreal. Like an even greater invasion of the space to which he didn't truly belong. \"I know I'm not going anywhere or anything, but this whole thing is sorta…out of order. Get what I'm saying?\" \"That you're horribly old fashioned and scared to death?\" \"Exactly. There are history books filled with my morals.\" \"Knights, princesses, and chivalry…oh, and you must be Prince Charming.\" \"Shut up. I'm serious.\" \"Sometimes I swear you have to be…like eighty or something.\" Jac teased, sitting up and staring down at him. \"You sure you're not a vampire? You're not gonna drain me of my life force are you?\" \"That's still up for debate,\" Tom shrugged, but he really wasn't in the mood to joke. He rolled onto his side to look out the window, staring more at the somewhat tacky drapes than what was actually outside. \"Look, this was more of a 'you and me' thing before, but now it's a 'you, me, and them' thing, and I know it's stupid, but it's got me all bothered again. Not irritated or anything. Just bothered.\" The bed moved as Jackie shifted so that she could reach his back, rubbing it, careful of spots she knew to be more sensitive than others, working out spots that never seemed to relax or loosen on their own. No words exchanged, but it was an answer in a way, a reaction. Trying to work away the strain. And on top of that, she knew. Knew where to go and what to be careful around, what felt good and what didn't. Jac only wanted him to feel better, not worse. He would have felt guiltier if it didn't make him feel so good. \"It could be worse,\" she said as she kissed between his shoulder blades, resting the tips of her fingers just below them. \"You could hate me,\" Tom sighed. \"Yeah, but I don't.\" She said it with such conviction that Tom picked his head up like he could turn it enough to see her, which of course he couldn't. She didn't hate him. Well, he would have certainly hated him. \"Your dad said he wanted to talk with me tomorrow…you're sure he's not going to castrate me with his table saw?\" \"No promises, but I doubt it.\" \"I'm going to die.\" \"You're not going to die. Now, please, shut up and sleep. My dad likes his talks in the morning.\" \"No one's awake to hear you scream.\" \"Same goes for nighttime. Be quiet.\" \"I'm gonna have nightmares…\" \"I'm going to sleep.\" \"Nightmares, Jac.\" \"I'm give you until the count of three…\" \"He's going to remove my dick with a table saw.\" \"Goodnight, Tom.\" \"Goodnight.\" Jackie felt cold, no longer satisfied with her own body heat. She moved toward the other dip in the bed, eyes still closed in the hopes of falling back asleep for at least another five minutes. She reached out her hand and touched something warm and furry, both could describe Tom on any given day, but he certainly wasn't this furry, nor did have a snout and a wet nose. His nose was cold, but it certainly wasn't wet. She opened her eyes and was not met with blue eyes but brown and the all too recognizable smell of dog breath. \"Oh…good morning, Charlie. You're not the furry creature I'm used to waking up next to.\" The dog thumped his tail against the bed and opened his mouth in what could be perceived as a smile. Jac rubbed the dog's head as her eyes adjusted to the morning light. \"Do you know where Tom went?\" Charlie's tail ceased wagging, and he sneezed. \"Guess not.\" Rolling out of bed, Jackie decided her best option was to follow the sounds of plates and talking. In the dining room she saw her mother and Tom talking away about whatever it was the two of them went on about. Usually TV shows and domestic things since Tom was usually more like a woman in her mid-sixties rather than a man in his early-thirties. \"Good morning, ladies,\" she greeted, taking the seat next to her mom and across from Tom. Tom picked up his head, ceasing what he was doing, which was apparently spreading mashed potatoes on waffles. \"Mornin' sunshine,\" he replied, and her mother just smiled. \"Want a waffle?\" \"Sure…what're you doing?\" \"Making an 'after Thanksgiving' breakfast sandwich with waffles for bread,\" Tom answered, still looking at her as he added a slice of turkey on top on the mashed potatoes, pressing it down while still making eye contact. \"Can't you tell?\" \"Interesting idea…\" \"We figure it's something like chicken and waffles,\" her mother added. \"I hadn't realized I'd been transported to the south. Hot damn.\" \"You're hilarious,\" Tom said before he pushed his chair away from the table and disappearing into the kitchen. \"You're the one who's pregnant, and he's the one with weird food cravings,\" her mother laughed once Tom was out of the room. \"I don't think I could crave food like Tom no matter how pregnant I am. I could be pregnant with a litter, and I'm convinced it wouldn't make a difference.\" \"The way you talk about him I wouldn't be surprised if you were,\" her mother teased. \"If I was what?\" Jac countered, having a creeping suspicion of just what her mom meant. \"A litter,\" the older woman explained, smiling and Jackie rolled her eyes. \"A little fleet of children.\" \"Mom…\" \"Come now, you know I'm just teasing.\" \"I know.\" \"You okay, dear? You seemed a bit…unnerved yesterday after you told us.\" Jackie looked over at the kitchen door before looking back at her mom. \"Don't tell Tom this, but I was pretty nervous about what you all were going to say. I guess I was just waiting for you to lose your cool.\" Her mother leaned back in her chair and thought before finally shrugging. \"It was a bit surprising, but not completely out of left field. You didn't seem overtly upset by the news yourself, so we figured it wouldn't be right to get up in arms. Besides, Tom is such a nice boy. More than his fair share of weird, but I hear that weird is the new charming…or something.\" And you must be Prince Charming. \"I guess…\" \"You guess?\" \"No, I didn't mean it like that…forget it. I'm just…not worried, just nervous.\" \"What about?\" Jackie picked up her head to see Tom sliding a waffle onto her plate and eating another, looming over her, which was pretty much his default action around people. Either looming or cowering. \"About the amount of food you consume.\" \"I couldn't gain weight if I tried.\" \"Goddamn twig. That's what you are.\" \"I see you two are bonding,\" her mother cut in, pushing her chair away from the table. \"I'm done eating anyway. Maybe we can all go into town later, hm?\" \"Sounds good to me,\" Tom replied before Jac could. Her mother nodded and left, taking her plate with her. \"So,\" Jac began, turning her attention back to Tom. \"I can't help but notice that you're still breathing. Guess dad didn't castrate you. That's a shock.\" Tom paused, taking his seat. \"He just wanted to talk. It was kinda freaky…\" \"Just wanted to talk? What? Stuff about protecting my honor or threats of death by shotgun?\" \"No, just…talking. He seemed really interested in me. Scared me to death though.\" He finished the waffle he'd been working on, and continued piling post-Thanksgiving fixings on the first. \"I was convinced he was going to…you know, kill me. Just spring an ax on me or something, but he didn't. Asked me about how things were going, about home…\" Jac couldn't disguise a smile. She nodded, listening quietly as Tom went on and on as she drizzled syrup on her waffle. He was so animated, seemingly excited, and all because someone had talked to him, asked him about his life and his feelings. It was all rather endearing. \"Fancy that,\" she replied, looking up at him. \"I think he may actually like you.\" \"Yeah…fancy that. Your parents like me.\" \"Told you so.\" \"Forgive me for having a constant, nagging, doubt about people's opinions of me,\" Tom frowned, previous excitement seemingly pulled out from under him like a rug. The sudden deflated look sucked any desire to tease him further into the vacuum of guilt. \"Well, you know I like you just fine. Can't you tell?\" \"Yeah,\" he nodded, picking up his unholy waffle sandwich. \"I can tell. I like you too.\" Satisfied with this he took a bite out of the creation, making a mess in the process. Jac shook her head, fairly confident in the idea that if she could put up with Tom antics that she could put up with those of anything that came from him, including this kid. Still, it was nice to know that it was more than just the two of them in this venture. \"It got really bright out,\" Tom said dully as he stepped out the door, following after Jackie and carrying his backpack over one shoulder, laundry folded neatly within it courtesy of Jac's mom. \"Kinda funny how the sun does that.\" \"Well, I mean…it was grayer before. Colder…weather can't seem to make up it's mind.\" Jackie shrugged and adjusted her hands around her own bag, looking down the street. Just as she remembered it. There was something about fall that always made her think of frozen time and time capsules. Would she mind it? To be frozen in this little space of time? Tom seemingly at ease, her parents heading for the door to send them off, and a great unknown stretching ahead…it would have been nice. This would be where the movie would cut off; leaving the audience to assume things went well or as well as possible. So very nice to stay here while the rest of the world moved forward so that the \"what ifs\" that had been mulling around in her mind would not become fulfilled. What if something went wrong? What if her parents were only humoring her? What if she'd made a mistake in deciding to keep the kid? Of saying anything at all? Was it worth it for all the trouble that could potentially happen? She turned to see Tom heading over to her car, having managed to remove her keys from her pocket without her noticing, and throwing his bag in the back. What if he changed his mind? He came back, extending his hand out to her but said nothing. She stared back at him for a moment or two before he pointed to her bag. \"Huh? Oh…yeah, thanks,\" she replied, handing over her bag to him. \"Sorry, spaced out.\" She expected a reply, but Tom on shrugged, heading back to the car wordlessly. Jac couldn't tell if that was comforting or disconcerting. \"You two have everything?\" Jac turned her head to see her dad standing in the door. \"Yeah, we've got everything. Checked twice…where's mom?\" \"Fixing you all some leftovers to take back,\" the man replied. \"What? Am I not the one you wanted to see?\" he added with a faint smirk. If you didn't know what to look for you could easily miss it, but Jackie had plenty experience in seeking it out. \"Nah, just wondering,\" she shrugged. \"Speaking of which-\" \"All loaded up.\" Jackie jumped at how close Tom's voice was. He really needed to stop sneaking up on her like that. Goddamn ninja. \"Good thing you've got him around or you'd get nothing done,\" her dad laughed, and Tom grinned. Jackie looked between the two of them. She couldn't quite tell whether or not they were actually smiling or bearing their teeth like dogs fighting for dominance. It was all a lot more dramatic in her head. \"Hey, I have to be good at something,\" Tom shrugged, and that bothered Jac even more. He had been a mess only the night before, and now, he was joking with the source of his anxiety attack. What the hell had those two talked about? She was going to attempt to ask when she felt a sudden wave of nausea. Oh, right…pregnant. She closed her eyes and lightly touched her fingers to her forehead. That had been sudden, and the feeling had come with light-headedness. \"Jac? You ok?\" \"Yeah, sorry. I'm gonna do a quick sweep inside. Just to be safe.\" Tom stared for a little too long, and she knew he didn't buy it, but he didn't say anything. Simply shifted his attention back to her father and started up a conversation she didn't bother to listen to as she walked past the older man and situated herself on the couch. The world was starting to spin a bit, and there was a party going on in her guts. She figured it only made sense that this kid would be a pain in the ass already. Had its father's genes after all. \"Oh!\" Jackie picked up her head at the startled sound. \"Goodness gracious, Jackie. I wasn't expecting to see someone in here. You scared me half to death.\" \"Sorry, Mom,\" she mumbled. \"Stomach decided to rebel and needed to sit down.\" \"It's not going to get better you know.\" \"I know…\" \"I didn't mean it like that. Do you want something?\" \"Nah, sun was just getting to me, I think.\" She watched her mother walk over and sit on the couch, feeling the couch given under her weight. Somewhere between that and the smell of stuffing Jackie found herself resting her head on her mother's shoulder, eyes closed as she listened to the murmured sounds of the conversation outside. It sounded calm and enjoyable. Nothing to worry about. No one was going to chop anyone's dick off. \"I don't know if I can do this,\" she sighed. Despite all of the things that could have been so much worse about this situation she was still so nervous. Wasn't she lucky as far as these things went? Wasn't she so fucking lucky? She couldn't say anything else as she felt her mother's hand on her head, stroking her hair like she'd done so many times before when Jac had been sick as a child. Stroking her hair and telling her that she'd be fine. This time her mother said nothing, but she knew that there was no need for it. She remembered. Her mother remembered. Jac sighed and smiled. \"Sorry, my hormones are already going haywire. I don't know what that was,\" she laughed as she sat up. Her mother nodded, seemingly more than happy to not push the matter any further. \"Come on. I know Tom's going to want all that food you've packed for him.\" \"I packed some for you too.\" \"I'm sure you did.\" There was a pause before a laugh, and the two of them got up and headed for the door. \"What are you men-folk talking about?\" Jac asked, smile remaining, and thank goodness for that. \"Manly things,\" her father replied, making his voice even lower than usual. \"What else would we talk about?\" \"Yeah, we're all manly and…aw, did you bring me the leftover waffles too?\" Jac stifled a laugh as her mother nodded and Tom attempted some eloquent appreciation, but nothing came out so her opted to hug the woman (careful of the food of course) and gave her an appreciative kiss on the cheek. \"Watch it, Sparky. You've got my daughter for that.\" Tom laughed and took the matching Tupperware, shrugging at the other man. \"Alright, alright…\" Just as before, he deposited the containers in the back and returned. Jac figured she shouldn't have been surprised by Tom's ability to go from anxious one moment and perfectly happy the next, but it always sparked surprise from somewhere deep in the recesses of her mind. It never got old, and she loved him for it. Yeah, she did, didn't she? Hugs were exchanged and even more words. Tom seemed in his element for the first time in a while. Jac was happy for that, but still, doubts lingered just below the surface even if they had been foiled for the time being. They were about to resurface when suddenly she felt something take her hand. Another hand. She glanced down to see Tom was the culprit, long, cold, fingers pushing between her own lightly, so she allowed it. \"I think we're done here,\" he announced, and you'd think it was the funniest thing that had ever left his mouth the way her parents laughed. It was infectious, and she gave in as well. \"Yeah,\" Jac nodded, giving the man's hand a reassuring squeeze, some of it for him and some of it for herself. \"Let's go home.\" ","Summary":" Author's Note: First chapter! Look at me writing chapters like a real person. Also, I think you all"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Blood and Parchment","Author":"Luscious Kinney","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/566855","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It has gone over my mind a million times it seems, yet I still can'tnbelieve that the Marquis de Sade is dead. I speak with our former Abbénseveral times daily, each time he begs for ink, parchment and quill. I amndying inside to read what the Marquis has left instilled in his mind, yet Inhave neither the will, nor the unmitigated pluck to go against the goodndoctor's advice. I am intrigued by his sudden psychoses; the yearning tonenter his chambers and ask him about what the Marquis has done to himnalmost overwhelms me. \"Your linens, please.\" Each and every time he reaches through the port to hand me his bedding, henruns his fingertips over my palm, and it feels almost as though the Marquisnis touching me and not Coulmier. He is so beautiful and seemingly delicate,nhowever, the doctor claims him to be a great danger to himself and thenother patients. He was once the Abbé, like I said before. I understand notnhow a priest could be driven to such lunacy by the repetitive dealings ofnone man who, under the state of affairs was very much sane per everyncredible definition. I believe that under the correct circumstances, he can be surprisinglynplacid. As the doctor said, he is a potential danger to himself and others,nbut the doctor has failed to mention why. While Coulmier still acted asnAbbé, and the Marquis de Sade was still alive and spilling over with prose,nan incident occurred in which a young chambermaid, Coulmier's love, wasnbrutally murdered as a result of the Marquis' carnal urge to compose andnpublish. Madeline was beautiful, and the first one that had ever tasted Coulmier'snkisses no less. Not long after their affectionate encounter, Madeline wasnfound deceased by her own mother in the linen pool. Coulmier pulled her outnand cried like a child in front of Madeline's poor mother. Her mother wasnblind, and could only tell tragedy from his agonized caterwauling. He is perpetually tormented by the last words she ever acknowledged himnwith. He had told her after their irate, fervent kiss that he loved her...nas a child of God. She stormed away furiously, and in chasing after her henonly found himself to be caught by another (tattling, loose-lipped)nchambermaid, Charlotte. It was the next morning whilst Madeline wasnretrieving dry linens from the line that he confronted her with annexplanation. He stumbled over his words and reached out to touch hernreddening face only to be answered with a very spiteful, very forthright: \"Don't dare touch me, Abbé. God's watching.\" With basket underarm, she breezed by, leaving him in the same position asnthe night before. His one mistake was to calm the urge to go after hernagain. Instead he clutched at one of the hanging sheets, peering bashfullynout from behind it, the longing to kiss her again made his eyes sparklenwith fresh regret. \"Madeline.\" He whispered. That's one of the many things in the past that wreak hell on his consciencenin the present. \"Your name, my beauty.\" He insists. What can I do but oblige? \"Noelle. And yours?\" I shouldn't have even tried to spark conversation. Inshould have known that part of his complexity had to deal with involuntarynrage of the narcissistic persuasion. I just had to flirt. I heard a greatnslam as though he cast a book down flatly on the floor, it made such a loudnslap that I nearly leapt from my flesh. As he replied, he tried to keep his composure. His voice shattered, not innthe sense that he was crying, but in the sense that he was becomingninflamed and provoked. \"You need not know mine. You already know my name.\" I could hear a strange scratching, like fingernails on marble. I slid opennthe port and looked inside. Somehow, Coulmier had attained what he desirednto slate his inner grievances. He began to hum a peculiar French funeralnsonata. \"Where did you get those, Coulmier?\" \"Madeline's kind mother gave them me. I am in eternal debt to her lovelyndaughter... And in order to repay I must occupy the role of the Marquisnuntil my time here is through.\" \"I would love to read your works.\" \"Perhaps later, inspiration calls. Come to me tomorrow and conceivably yountoo may taste the bittersweet aspirations of the Marquis'.\" I began to quiver... because the asylum was so drafty and cold. I pulled mynshawl tighter around my shoulders and tried to keep my teeth fromnchattering. I concentrated, listening hard to see whether he had begunnwriting again or not. The brevity in which I soon left the corridor was peculiar to Charlotte,nwho traced my every move, adamant that I was not to turn out like Madeline.nShe was rather late, in my humble opinion. Madeline, per recollection ofnpoor Coulmier, was noble as she was honest and trust-worthy, passionate,nkind, feeling and beautiful. I would rather be whipped as she was then to have my independence takennfrom me. Coulmier promised to tell me more of his Madeline at dusk. Therenbut for the grace of the Marquis go I. \"Noelle, you shouldn't ought to be going anywhere near his quarters. He'sncursed, mind you.\" \"I bid you tell the Abbé, Charlotte. Go ahead. You are nearly as open-nmouthed as the very trollops the Marquis wrote about. For once, damn it,nleave me to my work!\" I felt terrible to speak to her so, however, she needed the truth. Incouldn't decide whether to be appalled at or proud of myself when shenturned her pretty little nose up at me and carried on down the halls. \"Bravo.\" Coulmier quipped. I glanced quickly back to see him grinning mynway through the north port in his door. I winked his way and continued mynwork, looking forward to meeting him again... \"Coulmier- are you in here?\" I asked, unlocking his iron screen and slidendoors. \"Over here, sweetling.\" Purred he. I could almost feel his lips at mynthroat, his fingers gliding over my thighs. I was obviously aroused by hisnvoice. If one were able to put their fingertips on a voice, if it werentruly tangible, I could imagine his being fine velvet. I looked into his eyes from my place in the room. Our tawdry gazes lockednfor what could possibly have been a fortnight at least... Could Coulmiernhave known what I was thinking?[Chapter 2] ... \"Doctor! Dr. Royer-Collard? Oh, doctor this is most urgent!\" Charlotte wept. Ha! As though she cared. \"Yes Charlotte.\" He muttered, gazing dreamily up from Bouchòn's chart. His eyes smiled. For what I shall never know, and will henceforth never have the need to. \"Nöelle. You told me to watch over Nöelle. I swear it, either Maddie's somewhere among us, or Coulmier's told her something. She acts just like Madeline, Doctor. The humanity!\" And justly so! She swooned, acting as though she needed be faint over such a trivial situation. \"No worries, mon petit minet. What makes you think so, dear?\" \"She bade me tattle on her when I caught her speaking to Coulmier through his north port. She even branded me a--...\" \"Yes?\" \"A whore.\" She whispered. And at that very same whisper a blush crept up her pallid face. A traitor, a bloody hypocrite such as she, daring to blush at such a vulgar little quip? It is to laugh; yet I am unable. I have learned many things about our little princess, one of which angers me to the point that I must run to my quarters or be sick, or serve Charlotte a flogging she'll never forget. In the months, nay e'en days before my beloved Marquis' death, she would have rather had raging animalistic sex with Dr. Royer-Collard then to read but a word of the Marquis' works. Now she does both. The irony, yes? \"I suggest that you give Nöelle some space, hmm?\" \"But doctor!?\" She protested. He stopped her in mid mutter by brushing a gentle finger across her lips. Considering the very type of woman she was, it came as a great surprise to me that she didn't bite it off. \"Un peu?\" He coaxed... ...I stood silent by Madeline's tomb. It was the most beautiful architectural work I had set eyes upon since being recruited to work in this psychiatric prison. The moment the Marquis heard of Madeline's death he'd beseeched the Abbè de Coulmier to give her a proper burial, far from the cruel walls of Charenton. And so a large catacomb was constructed, and a pillar inside for her fair frame to rest upon. Large and ominous marble angels loomed over the entry as though to keep her safe. The Marquis' request was heeded, but not as well as it could have been, for she was outside the walls of Charenton, however a single upward glance would send my gaze though Pitou's window. There he sat (much like everyday) running a brush over his rather bald scalp. He believed himself to be a woman with lush thick, full hair. Nobody could ever tell him differently. \"Tell me, Madeline. Did you love the Marquis as I do? I never met him or knew him as you did, but when his name is mentioned, or I speak with Coulmier, I feel his icy touch across the small of my back. He tells me he's there almost every minute.\" With one last glance I knew it was time to resume my post. \"Goodbye, angel.\"... ... \"I knew you were at her tomb! I knew it. Is my advice falling on deaf ears?\" \"Leave me be, Charlotte!\" \"All I want to know is that you aren't turning into her! I never liked her, to tell the truth I was right happy when she died.\" At the sick resonance of those last few words my hands flew before my mind could even trigger any sort of proper behavior response. I backhanded her across the face and she fell to the floor. \"HOW-- HOW DARE YOU?!?!?! IF THERE IS A GOD IN HEAVEN MAY HE STRIKE YOU DEAD THIS INSTANT!\" She stared up at me, a frightened kitten ready to scramble beneath some dark, spider infested foundation. \"And if he doesn't... I promise you that I will.\" \"I'll be watching you! I'll know!!!\" \"You'll know nothing, poppet.\"...[Chapter 3] So ashamed, and yet feeling some gratification coursing throughout my body,nI ran. Through the cold, damp halls, up the dimly lit stairwells and to thentop floor where resided Coulmier. \"What did she say to make you hurt her so?\" He lightly traced circlesnaround the area beginning to swell, the pain it caused, sparking somethingndifferent within me. \"Nothing I want to discuss, I promise you.\" From between waves of somewhatndisheveled hair he stared through me, causing me to tremble lightly in anmost pleasurable manner. He let go of my hand and stood, his eyes suddenlynglowing and wild. \"What do I hear?\" Something forceful, cadenced... Echoing through thencorridors. \"Most assuredly nothing, Coulmier.\" I felt as though I could have very wellnbeen melting. He walked toward the door, hearing the same footsteps as I,nand clear as a bell. I ran to the door, pressing my body between his andnit, fumbling to lock myself in. \"What is this? What do you think you are doing?\" For the first time, sincenI had felt his words wrapping themselves gently around my body, did theynever dare to constrict. He held himself stiffly upright, anxiety lockingnhis joints. \"Please, Coulmier.\" I plead in a whisper, keeping a steady gaze. \"Pleasencalm. trust me?\" With entirely no admonition, he relaxed, and reached outnto touch my face. \"Nöelle? I know you're up there. Donatien saw you and told me you were upnhere! He's aching to use the flog on you, y'know.\" I could see his façade weakening, he was becoming as a trapped animalnwould. He was skittish, and just as I was sure he was going to tell hernwhere she could place the whip I pulled forward and kissed him. His eyesnflickered madly as he tried to orient himself. I cursed myself inside forndoing such a thing. I had no knowledge of what his rejoinder would be. \"Forgive me.\" I whispered, knowing full well there was chance of Charlottenhearing Coulmier's heart pounding against his chest wall. I placed my handnjust there, hoping it could be stifled if only for a moment. His bodynbecame rigid again, and once again he became panicked. \"Forgiven, angel, but not saved.\" He bowed his head and let a tear slipndown his cheek. \"What worries you? Donatien can slash me as he pleases, but he can nevernbreak me!\" Coulmier's eyes widened, tears still escaping his eyes. Henreached forward and cupped my cheek in his hand, looking hurt. \"He will hurt you. He will hurt you like they let me hurt him. Like. like.\"nHe finally became enraged and tore the key from the lock. He kicked opennthe door and handed me the key gently, as though he had to strain not tonhurt me. \"What is wrong?\" \"Just. Run.\"[Chapter 4] \"Why should I?!\" I finally burst and sobbed. I stayed firmly in place,nwanting him to erupt as I had. I felt the pressing, almost agonizing neednto drive him to his limits. Hello, Marquis. I could almost feel himnstanding next to me, so close that I could feel his breath on my neck. \"If you don't go-.\" He began to blanch. My own façade shattered like sonmany shards of glass as Donatien reached through the open door and lockednhis fingers into a fist around my hair. I squealed in shock as he draggednme away and watched Coulmier scramble to the other side of the room andnnestle himself in a corner. *If the blood of anyone must be shed, then let it be mine!* He had once said it in Madeline's defense. I hung there at the whippingnpost, like linen on the line to dry. Every snap of the whip, every shivernthat coursed through me, every excruciating split in my skin and droplet ofnblood running down my back had its very own meaning. The wind began tonblow, a cold wind that only made the pain succulently brutal. Donatien wore a smile that testified to the entire court that he wasn\"getting off\" (so to speak) on injuring me so. I suppose everyone has anlittle bit of the Marquis inside. My face was turned away from the crowd,nall for the better, I'd say. Not a soul would have understood the smile creeping onto my face, anyway.nyet in his window stood Coulmier, watching me with that same sick littlensmirk. It stung no more, in fact something below my waist began to tell me I likednit, and in order to earn more I turned and spat in Donatien's face. Hengrowled a low, vicious growl and drew back his hand, letting it fallnforward, cracking the leather whip against the already bloody flesh at mynback. Then I did it. I felt almost every muscle in my body pulsate; a naughtynblush crept into my already scarlet cheeks. I licked my lips and smiled;nlooking up toward Coulmier's window... he had gone. \"Poor little thing. Afraid that I'll not need him anymore. I'll surely findnuse for him.\" Coulmier sat in his empty chambers, sat and thought of me as every crack ofnthe whip resounded throughout the commons. \"Have you had enough?\" Dr. Royer-Collard asked angrily. He tore the whipnfrom Donatien's hands and threw it to the ground. \"Go and unbind her...nNOW!\" I began to pout, understanding that the doctor was ruining my fun. Nonmatter, considering he only had my best interest in mind. I realized thennthat I had been drained, not only was I unaware of the severity of thenblood loss, but I had no idea of what sort of anguish I would be in comenmorning... \"Tell me, Nöelle, what is it you were being beaten for?\" The Doctor hadnfound it convenient to invoke conversation as he mended my wounds. I wantednto lie. I wanted to tell him that it was all Charlotte's doing, but I hadnto take credit where credit was due. \"I disregarded your advice and went to visit Coulmier.\" I maintained anconfident sort of tone as I explained. \"Hardly cause for such a beating. Is that all that provoked this?\" \"I went to Madeline's tomb. All I wanted was to speak to her, I understandnthat, being a man of science, that you wouldn't believe she could hear, butnI had to speak to Madeline, and Charlotte saw me there at the tomb.\" \"Go on.\" He said, seemingly interested. \"She pulled me to the side as I was working and began to desecratenMadeline's good name. Dr. Royer-Collard, she was kind, generous, brave,ntrustworthy, hardly the kind to be a chambermaid as I am. She loved thenMarquis because he taught her something new and exciting.\"n\"I banned what he was doing because it was ultimately the cause of herndeath, had she been obedient, she might have lived.\" \"That woman had absolutely no respect for the deceased, and I became verynirate. As a matter of fact, I hit her.\" \"What did she say to make you hurt her so?\" Those words. That kiss. I jumped from the table and covered up with mynshawl. \"Dr. Royer-Collard, Coulmier deserves the chance to be heard. When, uponnyour orders, he had the Marquis' tongue cut out, he had already begunnlosing his grip. It is as though the Marquis has possessed him. If he isn'tnheard soon, and the Marquis has his way, history just may repeat itself.\" ","Summary":" It has gone over my mind a million times it seems, yet I still can'tnbelieve that the Marquis de Sa"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Alternate","Author":"Remnant Stars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10615028","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Two-part prompt from Kevin. First part: What would it be like if Rita killed the Omega, not Cage? How would she contact him? Second part revealed as a second chapter. All mistakes are my own. The ceiling around them was threatening to fall down on their heads while they took a moment to decide what to do. Her leg was badly injured, and they were both exhausted. It was the final moments before their deaths, and they would have to separate. The Alpha Mimic was closing in and only one of them would make it to the Omega. Not that she hadn't expected something like this several times over already. She'd never thought both of them would ever make it even this far. She could see the desperation on his face and felt a moment of sorrow for both of them. \"I'm going to draw that thing away. You go and kill the Omega.\" Cage's voice was slightly out of breath, but she could see the determination pushing past the desperation. Rita nodded tersely. The only other option was for her to lead away the Alpha. With her leg injury, it would be impossible. \"You and I both know that with my leg I wouldn't get ten feet.\" She smiled painfully. \"So it looks like we'll go with your plan. I'll take the grenades.\" She held her hand out for them but he held them close, realization dawning on him. The grenades would blow, killing her and the Omega. She could see his hesitation. \"Listen to me, neither one of us is making it out of here.\" The grief threatened to overwhelm her as he nodded once, anguish shining in his eyes. She held out her hand, cradling his face in her palm for just a moment. \"Thank you, for getting me this far.\" She felt a sharp stab of remorse at the bitter twist of his mouth. The irony that she was thanking him for bringing her to her death. \"You're a good man, Cage. I wish I had the chance to know you better.\" It would be the last moment she touched anyone, as her hand slid to the back of his neck and pulled him down for a kiss. She could read the anguish on his face and wished for just a moment that they'd met at another time, in another life. He tasted of sweat, his lips chapped against hers. But she clung to him for a precious second, her tongue sliding against his too briefly. And then he was tearing himself away, leaving the grenades in her hands as he ran from her side. The Alpha was behind him in an instant, in it's haste, never realizing it had left someone behind. She saw her chance and took it, refusing to look in Cage's direction, to see his death confirmed. Her body was on fire, pain forcing her to stumble her way across the ground littered with concrete and debris. She focused on the pool of water with the light shining from it. She needed to reach the water. Blood pounded in her ears, but above it all she heard him. Rita heard Cage's brief yell, a strangled sound meant perhaps to be his final warning to her. She couldn't stop herself from pausing before she jumped, a glance to her right confirming her worst fears. Cage was gone, the Alpha now aware of her presence and bearing down on her with immense speed. She dove without thought, the cold water a shock as she briefly collided with fallen debris. Then she was swimming, down towards the twisting, writhing mass within the light. Whatever the Omega was, wherever the Mimics were from, they would die here. And she would die with them. She pulled the pins on the grenades just as the Alpha caught up, piercing her back with a death blow. But she was conscious enough to drop the grenades, the pins floating down after them. She was floating, her body turning her back to the Omega and watching the Alpha's final reaction of outrage. She could hear his angry roar with waterlogged senses, but everything was becoming dim. The pain in her chest and leg disappearing with the rest of her senses. The burn in her lungs encompassing her final moments as she lost consciousness to a bright flash behind her eyes and an enormous pressure against her back. Rita Vrataski knew no more. She woke up on what should have been the day of her final fight. But she remembered everything. William Cage, the first death he'd described by an Alpha, the search for the Omega, and more importantly their final moments. The grief, regret, the wish for another chance. A chance that had been granted somehow. She was paralyzed in her bed with a sudden indecision. Did Cage remember her? Did she want him to? The answer was a selfish but resounding yes. It took some time, longer than she would have believed. She expected him to seek her out. So for the first few days she waited, tensed for his voice as she went through the motions. She had to fake her puzzlement at the sudden death of the Mimics. She was shoved in the spotlight immediately after it was verified that the Mimics had, for whatever reason, shut down or disappeared. There was speculation that they'd abandoned the planet, after realizing that humans would not give up their planet without a fight. They crowed over their own strength, humankind's narcissism saddening her. Their planet was saved, but the real reason was lost. No one would have believed her even if she'd told the story. But she'd become the poster child, the \"Angel of Verdun\" scaring the aliens into self-destruction. It was simply another form of propaganda and she wanted no part of it. After days passed, she began to worry that Cage had forgotten, for whatever reason. Perhaps it was because she'd killed the Omega that only her memories remained. The thought almost devastated her, realizing that she was alone in the world. She'd made inquiries about him, with generals and politicians, anyone that might know anything about him. In the spotlight, anyone that mattered treated her with respect, praised her and showed their gratitude. Behind the scenes she was simply another pawn, unworthy of notice. And her inquiries remained unanswered or stonewalled, almost as if they didn't want her to ever meet William Cage. Rita considered going to the United States to continue her search. The small knowledge she'd gleaned from their final days spent together was pitiful. She'd had to hack into his file to get even a permanent address. Perhaps she'd once known everything there was to know about him, and if the memories they'd lived through had been shared she might know where to find him. But whatever knowledge she might have been told, whatever small intimacies they'd shared were all lost to her. She knew his name was William Cage, a Major in the United States military. She knew that he was like her, resetting the day with every death. She knew his eyes were brown, that his smile was crooked, that his determination was fierce and borderline obsessive. She knew that his ability against the Mimics rivaled hers. What she'd learned had only made her eager for more. And now that she was given the chance she wasn't willing to quickly abandon the opportunity. She'd booked her flight, at the protestation of her new 'personal adviser', hired for her by the UDF. She'd ignored his angry blustering as she packed her bags. She was staying at a five star hotel paid for by the UDF while she looked for a permanent residence. She'd almost refused the generous severance they'd given her for her exemplary service to her nation. She felt it was a payoff, a reminder that once her fifteen minutes of fame had died down she was to fade inconspicuously into the background. But she needed to survive and with a face as prominent as her, she wondered what work she would be able to get without being harassed. It was when he mentioned William's name that she froze, her reaction making him suddenly eager to spill. \"Yes, William Cage! I understand the two of you have never met? But the campaign for more recruits featured your victory at Verdun rather heavily. And Major Cage was one of the biggest reasons that men and women signed up in droves. Charismatic, witty, persuasive. It's no wonder he made a killing as an ad executive before the war. He'll be the other special guest on the show that you seem determined to skip.\" Rita canceled her flight, booked an extended stay at the hotel and dismissed her 'adviser' so she could prepare herself. Her stomach was in knots, the anticipation causing equal reactions of elation and the need to vomit. She would be face to face with Cage again. And she would have no time to track the man down before the show, already running late. If he recognized her, it would be in front of millions of viewers, under the harsh light of publicity. What would she do if he recognized her? What would she do if he didn't? She barely made it to the studio on time. There were grumbles of complaints from the make-up artist as she hastily worked on Rita's face. Rita knew she probably looked horrible. Night after night of restless sleeping and a general disregard for her personal appearance did that to you. Not that she looked sloppy, simply tired and completely free of any cosmetics. She was lent a dress, a red one that clung to her curves and showcased her cleavage. She wanted to wear something over it but before she even realized she was shoved towards the stage, almost stumbling in her heels as she walked onto the stage. The lights were bright in her eyes, and she closed them for just a second, brought back to the moment of her death. She focused on the sounds of cheering that surrounded her, trying to convince herself the loud noise was nowhere similar to the sound of the Alpha or following explosion. She had to swallow hard as she reopened her eyes, wishing that Cage would offer support. Because there he was. William Cage, dressed in a suit sans the tie, his collar open at his throat. Her heart was in her throat as she made eye contact, waiting for his reaction. He smiled politely at her, rose from his seat and kissed her gently on the cheek when she approached him. There was the initial introduction, as he told her how pleased he was to finally meet the hero. But all she felt was numbness, as she responded with a quiet hello. He didn't seem to recognize her. His eyes were watching her with a faint concern, but he was smiling amiably. For the duration of the interview she tried to remain focused on the man who was interviewing her. But it was hard. Her heart was breaking, piece by piece, as she watched Cage being a man she'd never met. Just as her adviser had said. He was charismatic, charming the crowd with a few anecdotes. He was witty, ushering a surprised laugh from the host as he subtly poked fun at the General. He was so persuasive that he'd convinced her that the Cage she knew, who'd become the best man she'd ever known, no longer existed. He seemed to fit perfectly in this world, of timed responses, and the thinly veiled script she'd been coached on briefly in the back. What not to talk about, what she was allowed to talk about, how long she could speak. It made her sick, and yet he seemed to soak the attention up, covering for her lack of communication with ease. Finally, even the host seemed concerned by her one word responses. \"Rita, are you okay? You seem to be a little tired.\" And there was her cue to laugh it off, to smile winningly and claim that she just wasn't used to the spotlight. She might have said it, but something else popped from her mouth, to her own horror. \"I'm sorry but when I first came in, the light and noise, caused a flashback to my de- to one of the times I almost died.\" It was truth, but not all of it. How had she let that slip from her mouth? And there was silence. From the audience, from the host, from Cage who was staring at her with abject horror. She laughed awkwardly and apologized again, and the host seemed to snap out of his confusion. \"Oh my. We seem to forget that despite our victory, there are still wounds to heal.\" The man was genuinely sympathetic, perhaps the first true emotion she'd seen him display. He talked briefly of the sacrifice of soldiers and it was only Cage that could lighten the mood again. After her lapse she made certain to smile, to laugh, and to answer the few questions directed at her with some thought. And all seemed to be forgiven, except Cage now watched her. She could feel his eyes on her the rest of the interview. Even when he was talking to the host, he was watching her. People would brush it off as concern on his part, or perhaps an attempt to keep her in the conversation. But she could see that he was trying to read past the wall she'd erected after her blunder. She was happy when the commercial break came around, and it was time for the next guest to come on stage. She was ready to leave, to go back to her hotel room and stuff herself with chocolate. She barely glanced at Cage as he helped her to her feet and led her to the back. She pulled away without responding to his softly-spoken 'it was nice to meet you' and dashed off to the dressing room, closing the door sharply behind her. Rita sat down in front of the mirror, taking time to wipe off the make-up they'd slathered onto her. She looked like a stranger, someone beautiful and self-assured, when she simply felt lost. When her face was clear she felt a little better, and when she'd changed back to a shirt and jeans she felt like herself. She pulled the pins out of her perfectly coiffed hair and rearranged it. Just as she picked up her bags to leave there was a knock at the door. She figured it was someone coming to tell her they needed the room so she opened the door with an apology on her lips. The apology died as she came face to face with William Cage. \"Can I come in?\" She nodded mutely, stepping back so he could move past her. She closed the door behind him, something urging her to lock it. He raised an eyebrow at the gesture and she shrugged. She had no idea what he wanted from her, but she needed time alone with him without interruption. She leaned back against the door, looking for support at her weakened knees. He looked good, the suit replaced by a dark shirt and faded jeans. His hair was messy, as if he'd run his fingers through it and the dark circles under his eyes mirrored her own. He stared at her, his expression unreadable as his gaze swept from her scuffed shoes to the messy bun she'd put her hair into. It was unnerving to be the focus of his attention, not knowing if he remembered even a moment of their shared time together. After the heavy silence lasted for a couple minutes she spoke. \"Do I have something on my face, Cage?\" He flinched visibly at her words, for a moment anguish clear to read in his eyes. It gave her hope. She'd said that to him in the past, she was certain of it. Or something similar if his reaction was anything to go by. \"Cage?\" Her eyes pleaded with him to answer truthfully. \"Have you ever met me before today?\" He stepped back from her, his head ducking down. \"No. Why would you ask something like that?\" But she could see his confusion, and realized that maybe his memories were not as complete as her own. \"Cage, do I seem familiar to you?\" \"Familiar?\" He looked at her and nodded once. \"Like I've met you before a hundred different times. In my dreams I watch you die a hundred deaths, and I know you even if it makes no sense. I know you grew up on a farm. I know your family was killed by Mimics. I know your middle name is Rose! How the hell would I know that?\" He thrust his fingers in his hair with one hand and hit the vanity table with his fist. \"Rita Vrataski, the 'Angel of Verdun' was only a name to me a few weeks ago. But now...when I watched you walk onto the set, I could see that it disoriented you. I wanted to help you, to protect you. And to see you in that dress, it felt wrong. You fit the image I have in my head of you right now, and maybe that makes sense. You can't fight Mimics with a dress, but it feels more like a memory than something I should simply know. To see the dark circles under your eyes seems right, and what kind of person does that make me?\" He looked her straight in the eye. \"I want to kiss you right now, and I don't think it would be the first time, would it?\" Rita shook her head. \"No, it wouldn't.\" And it couldn't be the last one. Not when he was starting to remember. How long had he been confused? \"Why didn't you look for me?\" \"Because it's crazy.\" he stated simply. \"Because the things I dream about don't make sense. I'm an ad exec, not a soldier. I've never fought a war or killed a Mimic. I've never led a team or used a jacket and I've never loved you.\" The last was said uncertainly, as if he wasn't sure if he spoke the truth. Rita wanted to cry, his feelings confirmed even as he tried to deny them. She'd wondered these past few weeks how deep his feelings for her went. Now she knew, and it hurt far more than she expected it to. \"You're not crazy, Cage. And neither am I. We lived this, together. I don't remember everything you do, but I remember the last time. You led me to the Omega, sacrificed yourself so I could kill it. You're a good man Cage, and we've been given a second chance.\" she hesitated. \"I'd like the chance to get to know you better. It was my final wish.\" Rita waited for his response anxiously. Would he reject her claims? Would he walk away believing that both of them were simply crazy? She watched him walk towards her, sighed as his hands gripped her shoulders and pulled her close. He didn't kiss her as she'd thought he might. He simply enveloped her in a tight hug, pressing his face against the side of head. \"Thank you, Rita.\" \"For what?\" she wondered aloud. \"For being braver than I am. For giving me my sanity.\" She smiled. \"I never said you were sane, simply not crazy. What sane man takes on the Omega with only a few soldiers behind him?\" Cage laughed, the first genuine laugh she'd heard from him of the night. \"But I had you beside me, so we were guaranteed to win. If you could kill me without blinking, the Omega was easy in comparison.\" \"Did I really kill you?\" Rita cringed as Cage pulled away and nodded. \"Someone had to. You knew it, I knew it. It still sucked.\" He dropped a quick kiss on her forehead. \"But I'm glad it was you.\" Rita nodded, shoving the guilt she felt down deep. Cage didn't seem to be bothered by it. And she figured the simple deaths she'd inflicted were probably better than the hundreds of deaths she remembered that were painful, bloody, and not always quick. \"So what now?\" Cage asked her. \"Now, we go to my hotel room, and you can tell me exactly how you know so much about me. There wasn't time, that last day for you to fill me in. And I'm curious.\" And on to part two![Chapter 2] Now the second part of the prompt. I'm sure Kevin meant for them to be separate prompts, but I combined them since I was having trouble with this part. I finished the first prompt the night I was given it but this one gave me trouble. I'm not satisfied with it but I hope it's okay. Second prompt: The time after he meets Rita, at the end of EoT, how he tells her the story of it all. He tells her about how they killed the omega, the beach, the farmhouse, how does he explain it all to Rita so she can now what they went through together? It started out awkwardly. Cage was tense, pacing her floor and shooting her looks that were indecipherable. Rita was seated on a loveseat, her fingers drumming impatiently against the arm. She'd offered him a drink already, or to order something. He'd refused, and now she was waiting for him to gather his thoughts. To find a way to tell her of the past they'd shared, one only he remembered. \"Well?\" Patience had never been her greatest virtue. \"Sorry,\" he muttered. \"I just need a second. Sometimes, I forget what's real, what I've only imagined. Especially since I thought I was going crazy until tonight.\" Rita felt remorseful. She understood that when you lived the same day so many times the memories started to blur together, moments overlapping in your mind. It was hard for her to sort out the fighting at Verdun. She could never remember how many Mimics she'd actually killed. A thousand? A hundred thousand? They said it was over a hundred, but that was one day. And those deaths were ultimately insignificant to her. She'd woken up in the hospital expecting to have the day reset. She hadn't paid attention to the details of her last reset. It hadn't seemed to matter at the time, nothing had. \"Take your time,\" Rita relented. \"We've got all night. We've got the rest of our lives.\" She laughed shortly at the absurdity of that statement. It was truth, yet it seemed like a lie. How many times had she found herself in bed, expecting to wake up to preparations for Verdun? She was certain Cage had experienced the same, of whatever situation he'd once reset to. Cage's crooked smile said he understood the irony. He nodded to her, his gaze becoming distant as he thought back. He sat on the loveseat beside her without realizing, and started to speak. \"The first time I saw you was moments before your death.\" Rita's hands clenched, but she otherwise didn't react. She'd known, deep down that the fight at the beaches would be a slaughter. \"How did I die, that first time?\" she probed. \"Like so many times after. It was quick, the Mimic seeming to appear out of nowhere and taking you down before you had time to react. I still dream of your eyes that day. Empty, glassy, lifeless. That death was both the hardest, realizing that even the 'Angel of Verdun' was no match for the Mimics, and also the easiest because I didn't know you yet. I didn't care if you lived or died. I cared only about my own survival at this point.\" The guilt was heavy in his voice but she understood the feeling. \"It's okay, Cage. My first day at Verdun I watched so many people die around me and I was numb to it, hoping only that I would live to see the day end. It's instinct, to survive at all costs, even as people lay dying around you.\" He nodded at her assessment, then hesitated. \"Could you call me William? Or Bill? We never got past 'Cage' in any reset. It seems important now.\" Rita wrinkled her nose at calling him Bill. He didn't seem like a Bill. \"William it is. Did you call me Rita, then?\" \"Not at first.\" he admitted with a shrug. \"It was Sergeant Vrataski, and after I became familiar with you, then I started to call you Rita. You didn't seem to mind.\" He looked ready to apologize but she stalled him with a raised hand. \"It is my name, after all. I'm sorry I never called you by yours. Getting close to someone seemed pointless to me. Names matter, and I was unwilling to invest myself in getting to know anyone.\" Her apology was genuine, regret at what he must have felt overwhelming her. She'd been impatient with him that last day, eager for everything to be simply over and done with. She'd never been oblivious to the way he'd looked at her, his eyes following her every movement. She just forced herself to ignore it. \"How bad was the beach?\" \"Bad,\" he admitted with a wince. \"The plane I was on got hit, and I witnessed the first few people die, ripped away and before they even realized what had happened. I was never able to save them.\" He mused sadly. \"I was the last to drop to the ground and to say I was disoriented would be a major understatement. It was chaos, planes falling out of the sky, people dying around me. I witnessed a member of J-Squad, the unit I was assigned to, get crushed by a plane only a moment later as he yelled defiantly at the Mimics. I saved him too many times to count, the plane landing on me so many times until I got it right.\" He laughed at that, and Rita giggled as well, the image funny despite how horrible a death it would have been. William paused, his smile widening briefly. \"I've never heard you giggle like that.\" Rita ducked her head self-consciously. \"It's nice.\" He continued on. \"There was your death, and I remember being horrified. My only thought had been that I was sure to die. I didn't know how to turn the safety off on my weapons so I stumbled around, following J-Squad in hopes that there would be safety in numbers. I was wrong. They hid in the sand, and were on us before anyone could really react. The rest were dead, and I was still trying to turn the safety off. Then there was the Alpha.\" \"He's almost beautiful to look at,\" Rita said softly. \"The blue and the fluid way he moves. It's sad that they only wanted to kill us all.\" \"Beautiful or not, all I felt was dread seeing him, knowing that he was somehow different. They gathered around him, the other Mimics, almost as if they were waiting for orders. Then he sensed me and it was over. I killed him, and his blood splashed all over me. I died in burning agony, the coward in me wondering why I'd joined the military at all.\" \"It's okay to be afraid.\" Rita soothed him with a stroke of his shoulder. \"I was always afraid whenever I faced a Mimic. It never got easier, but I did become resigned to it.\" Cage shook his head. \"You were always braver than me, stronger. I couldn't have done it without you.\" Rita tilted her head. \"Then how did we meet?\" \"I saved you a few times, and I got better at anticipating where the Mimics would be. You seemed to realize what was happening as I directed you when to stop or continue, told you what was going to happen next. You told me to look for you when I woke up, refusing to follow so we both died together.\" \"Sounds like something I would do,\" Rita conceded. \"It seems like it would have been pointless to continue on at the beach.\" William nodded. \"It was. I found you the next reset. You were not happy to see me.\" \"I was rude.\" It wasn't a question on Rita's part. She remembered enough to know that at least. \"Maybe. But you listened, and you believed me right away.\" \"It's not something you can make up.\" Rita shrugged. \"Though many people thought I did. I told you not to tell then?\" \"Yes, you did.\" William shifted uncomfortably. \"How bad was it, when they locked you up, or...dissected you?\" Rita waved the question off. \"I promise to share my horror stories with you later. Right now I need to hear your story, okay?\" \"Okay. You trained me then. I still have phantom pains in my back from how many times I was thrown against the wall.\" He grinned. \"I'm sort of glad you shot me, even if I wasn't at the time. Saved me from the recovery period.\" \"I didn't just kill you, I shot you?\" Rita stared at him in horror. \"I needed to reset. Couldn't beat the Omega with a broken back or leg. You were very professional about it, like a contract killer. I never felt a thing.\" He was teasing her and he was glad to see the guilt replaced by indignation as she slapped him playfully. \"Okay, I see the point. And it shouldn't surprise me. I was willing to do anything to kill the Omega.\" William squeezed her shoulder before he continued. \"Maybe, but so was I. The fate of the world was on our shoulders, and I needed to be better. You helped me become the man I wasn't.\" His hand dropped from her shoulder. \"I started to get the dreams, and you decided that training was over. So we tackled the beach. It wasn't the most fun I've ever had. But we eventually got past it. It took a couple dozen tries as we figured out how to move past the hidden Mimics. From there it wasn't exactly smooth sailing, but we managed it fairly easily. We found a car, drove for miles to reach the dam the Omega was showing us. We talked.\" He frowned. \"I learned more about you in a dozen trips on that road then I did any other time. And you were never willing to say much, but I coaxed it out of you, piece by piece. I wish you could remember it.\" \"I wish I could too.\" Rita rested her head against his shoulder, offering comfort and taking some for herself as well.\" \"And then there was the farmhouse.\" William looked anguished, and for a minute he didn't talk, lost in memories. \"The farmhouse?\" She prompted, if only to bring him back to her. \"I fell in love with you on that car ride. And at that farmhouse it made your death seem so much worse. I couldn't save you no matter how many times I tried. And after awhile I gave myself away. You were hurt and I cared for you. We found coffee and I made it just how you liked it. You became suspicious and I gave too much away. In the end you ran toward your death, and I couldn't stop you.\" It was almost too much, the maelstrom of emotions his story wrought from her. She understood grief as much as he did, and she knew that whatever she'd decided in that moment, it had been cruel but perhaps necessary. She couldn't apologize for something she was certain she would have done again. So she wrapped an arm around his shoulder and remained silent. Until he could pull himself from the grief that was still so prevailing. \"I told you that I wished I'd never met you. And it was the truth. I felt so much, when you clearly felt nothing. I loved you, and yet I was just a means to an end. I hated it, so I left you behind and went after the Omega by myself.\" He stated it simply, not trying to goad a reaction only stating a fact and moving on. \"But you didn't find it.\" Rita prompted. There was so much they still needed to overcome. She didn't love him, not yet, but she thought she was already half-way there. But that would have to wait, until he told her the rest. \"No,\" William confirmed with a frustrated sigh. \"It was a trap, the dreams meant to lure me so they could steal my blood and end my resets. I killed the Alpha that waited for me, and then myself. But we were essentially back to square one. And despite my resolution to leave you out of it, I needed you. When I woke up, I found you for the final time. You know the rest.\" William grew silent, perhaps reflecting on what he'd told her, how much he'd admitted. She felt she owed it to him to tell her own feelings on the matter. She didn't feel like she had to love him, though it would be cruel for him to go through so much for her sake only for her to reject him. But now that she knew much of the full story, she found falling for him was made so much easier. He was tortured by the decisions he'd made, but no matter the cause, he was now a greater man. And he loved her. Despite his declaration, he didn't seem to expect the feeling in return. He'd stated it simply, as a truth that he couldn't deny. And despite the awkward tension it might have caused, she'd asked him for the full truth. \"What you've been through is more than the world should ask from any man. It's more than anyone should have to endure. But you came out of it a better man. And you saved us all in the process. I still can't see how I deserve your love, and I can't say that I return your feelings.\" His shoulders slumped, but William seemed resigned, rather than heartbroken. \"But I could, given the chance.\" He pulled away so he could see her face clearly. He stared hard at her, looking for any sign of pity \"Could you?\" \"Yes,\" Rita spoke confidently. How could she not love him? She would never find a man like him, ever. And he already understood so much about her, and accepted her without question. She kissed him before she had a chance to change her mind and found that he tasted the same. His lips weren't chapped or dry and it was better. Better than a desperate kiss that was borne from gratitude. He clung to her, tugging her closer until she was almost in his lap. And it was right. It felt like coming home. William pulled away with the greatest reluctance, his forehead resting against hers. \"I love you, Rita. And I promise that will never change.\" \"I know.\" Rita simply. \"I know.\" And one day the sentiment would be returned. Meh...still not satisfied, but thanks for reading! ","Summary":" Two-part prompt from Kevin. First part: What would it be like if Rita killed the Omega, not Cage? H"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"A Good Conversation","Author":"tryhonesty","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1849299","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The bell tolled as a black carriage trolleying a brown cart, dusty from itsntravels pulled into the long drive of Charenton. From his window in thentower he watched, as the small black dot grew large as it moved up the dirtnroad to the cast iron gates of the asylum. The clicking and neighing of thenhorses drew no attention as no one person was outside anymore. The light from the sun, albeit dim as the sky was cast in gray, pained hisneyes. He was so used to darkness. T'was the only time he was really awake.nHis bleak days he spent listless and slack, waiting for the sky to changenand the sun to finally sink beneath the horizon. Then, he was like anninsatiable puppy, hounding the old laundress for more paper and quills.nShould the doctor find out about his nightly routine, he would for sure endnup like Bouchon in the dungeon, locked away for eternity. His attention again was drawn to the black carriage. What was in the brownncart? It was to far away to see. Was it a new torture device ordered bynRoyer-Collard? He couldn't put his finger on it. The carriage rounded thenfinal corner and came to a full stop at the gates. A cloaked figure in antop hat emerged from the wagon, obviously the doctor himself. The drivernhopped off his seat and aided the doctor in opening the gates. The drivernwent around back and apparently unhitched the brown cart. The man got angood glimpse of what was really in the cart. People! New patients awaitednin the haul. The footmen of the carriage dismounted and hurried to help thennew inmates out of the dirty wagon. The carriage on the other hand, begannto slowly make its way into Charenton. He looked through his window as the new inmates walked, clad in irons,nthrough the gates and made their way up the steps into the quarantinenbuilding, where they would be washed and cleaned, the women's' hair choppednto the chin and the men's hair cut shorter. They walked in a single line,nlike those sentenced to death. He laughed quietly. Oh the irony of it all.nThose sent to the asylum to be rescued from death are in turn actuallyndelivered to the reapers stoop. One inmate in particular seemed to having some difficulty. She was a youngnthing, no more than twenty. She was last in line and walked with exactlynthe same distance between her legs as they moved. She had long dark hair;nit had obviously been beautiful at some point. She held her hands high, asnif afraid of something terrible and her mouth moved, muttering words hencouldn't decipher and bobbing her head with her pace. One of the footmenngrew tired of her games and pushed her down. She fell heavy, yet wasnstanding in almost an instant. A fear of unbelievable strength gripped hernexpression and again, she dusted herself off as best she could, rigid withnterror she raised her hands, began to walk in the same fashion and startednto mutter. What strange girl. He thought. Although, she'll cause the goodndoctor some trouble undoubtedly. A loud banging in the hall aroused his attention. The cruel bark of Collardncould be heard coming his way. He glanced at his makeshift writing table.nHis latest story was lying open and the ink bottle and quill lay in plainnsight. Dashing, he collected his stolen boons and ran to a spot on thenwall. Prying with his free hand he pulled a fairly large stone loose andnbehind it was a small space just large enough for his secret. Jamming themnin and the stone in place, he ran to his mat of straw for a bed and lay,nlistless like he had for so many days before. His door banged open. \"I see there's been no change in Coulmier... Abbe.\" Royer-Collard said to thenman in cloth behind him. Still accustomed to the name, the man – Coulmier –nlifted his head to the words Abbe. The doctor noticed. \"Not you, we know just what you caused here whilst you were the Abbe.nMonsieur Coulmier. A man of the cloth indeed.\" The last words were spokennwith disgust. \"Feed him only water for supper. He'll not endure any solidnfood until he repents. A man of God always repents doesn't he Abbe?\" Hensneered at Coulmier before slamming the iron door. Coulmier could hear thenbolt click shut as he rolled over onto his side. \"Yes, a man of God always repents doctor.\" He whispered before returning tonhis catatonic state. * * * Elise stood at the washing tub in the quarantine building. They had removednher chains and she found her wrists worn raw from them. Her nails werendirty and she stretched each finger exactly twice. As things had to be withnsomeone like her, suffering from a compulsive complex associated with mildnto severe germophobia. That's what the doctor had said when her mothernquestioned. Her \"complex\" was the beginnings to insanity, and so was hernreasoning for being here. The woman at the wash tub ordered her to strip. With both hands, Elise began removing her dirty gray dress. She moved atnthe same precise speed she'd used while walking and lowered it equally onnboth sides. She closed her eyes and she forced out every image of all thengerms floating in the water she was about to enter and allowed herself tonstep into the frigid bath. She trembled with fear, not with cold as theynassumed. After the washed her long hair, she heard the scraping of a knifenand all of a sudden felt a harsh yank to her skull and the sawing of a dullnblade on her matted tresses. She made a small sound in protest, but hern\"disobedience\" was only rewarded with a harder tug on her remaining hair.nHer eyes still closed, she felt a strong male hand yank her into a standingnposition and lift her out of the tub. The only thing keeping her fromnscreaming out was the fact that she could not see it, any of it. Her hair,nher \"cleaned\" skin, which was no doubtedly crawling with new bacteria andnlye. All her life she'd lived by \"if I cannot see it, it can't possibly benthere.\" It had saved her skin more than twice her life. Pushed into a direction, she felt it only safe to open her eyes. She stoodnstark naked before another woman who handed her a clean cotton dress. Itnwas blue in color and on the shoulder \"Charenton\" was embroidered. Shenmuttered her thanks and took the clothes. She desperately needed cleanngarments and immediately felt relaxed if only a little. She was placed at antable where more people gathered around her and inspected her every core.nHer head, her torso and even below the waist. She bit her tongue as theynprodded her like a prize pig. She could taste metallic blood. Swallowing,nshe was brought to a standing position and given her shoes, they werenmildly cleaned and she put them on right away. She stood at the doornwaiting to be led to her new home. A man clapped her in more irons and shenwas lead away, out of the building and up the grand steps into Charenton, anplace, she was informed, she would forever call home. They led her past multiple doors and up many, many a stair. Every so often,na bloodcurdling scream could be heard in the distance underneath the noisenof the printing press downstairs. More and more doors passed and Elisenwondered if she had a room at all. Finally, they climbed one more stair andnshe was led to a room with an iron door. Her escort lifted the heavy boltnand wrenched open the door. She stood again at the doorway. She waitednexactly three seconds and entered her new quarters. Taking three steps tonthe left, she could hear the heavy door slam and the bolt locked. The room itself was quite bare. A straw matt on one side and a small windownthat breached her height by just a little. The straw mat was covered in andamp rag that had obviously just been washed. A lumpy looking pillow wasnthe only home like comfort she saw. It was a pale day and even though hernwindow was small it let in a relatively large amount of light. There was nonshadow save her own. She walked in her usual manner, equally distancednsteps, and peered at her pale reflection in the mirror. She looked sickly,nher skin alabaster white and her gray eyes dull. She raised her hand andnlightly touched the ends of her ragged hair. Once it had been long andnbeautiful and now it had been reduced to this... a sawed off mop top withnsplit ends that barely came below her chin. Elise turned away from the window and walked over to her mat. It wasnpressed right up against the wall on the right side of her room. Crossingnher legs she lowered herself using the same pressure on both arms into ansitting position. She placed her hands on her knees and sat quietly staringnat the wall, for there seemed nothing else useful to do. Her breathingnevened from its earlier labored state from climbing stair after stair. Shenbegan humming a lullaby her mother had sung to her as a child. Hush little baby, don't say a wordnMama's gonna buy you a mockingbirdnIf that mocking bird don't singnMama's gonna buy you a diamond ring * * * Laying on his bed and staring at the ceiling, Coulmier heard the patter ofna pair of boots coming down the hall. Rolling onto his side, he awaited thenDoctor. It was his usual visiting time. But the doctor never came. Instead,nhe heard the creaking of the door next to his room. Not a word was spoken,nand the door was slammed shut. He pressed his ear against the wall in hopesnof discovering his new neighbor, but was met with only the sound of steps.nThere was something about the steps that caught his attention though. Theynwere slow, calculated and precise. His immediate guess was the girl. Thengirl with the long dark hair. His interest was sparked and he scurried overnto where he knew of a crack in the wall. He pried away at the small stonenthat covered it. \"Mademoiselle?\" he whispered. He replaced is mouth with his eye and wasnlooking at a figure dressed in a blue garment with hacked short dark hair.nIt was obviously a woman, her figure was lithe and gamine. She sat still,nas if never hearing his words. \"Mademoiselle?\" he repeated. Still nothing. * * * She was staring at the wall, concentrating on every grain embedded in thenblock of hardened sand when she heard a faint whisper. \"Mademoiselle?\" She stayed still as so to hear the words again. \"Mademoiselle?\" She stayed silent. Where was the voice coming from? There was no one in hernroom with her. She was totally alone. The voice must have sensed hernconfusion. \"Behind you! In the wall.\" Slowly, Elise turned her body slightly. \"And what would a faceless voice want with the insane.\" She whispered. The voice replied. \"A good conversation with something other than the walls of this prison.\" Elise smiled a little. She turned herself so she faced the wall and tuckednher legs underneath her. She stared at the wall that spoke to her and shensearched for a crack. \"What kind of patient would want a good conversation?\" she whispered, herneyes combing the walls. \"One who's not seen another person other than our good doctor and a blindnlaundress for almost three years. I am Coulmier. Who might you be?\" Elise finally saw it. It was no bigger than a silver franc and led directlynto her neighbors' room. She leaned and peered through the hole. All shencould see was the pink flesh of an ear. \"Elise.\" she whispered her reply. A sharp clicking of heels on the cinder block floor could be heard andnCoulmier seemed to become strangely nervous. \"I must go. T'was nice meeting you Elise. I look forward to futurenconversations.\" With that, he filled the hole with a small rock, the smallnmoment of connection gone. Elise was left with a tingling sensation. Fornthe first time in a long while, someone talked to her like she was a normalnperson. Charenton seemed bleak when she first arrived. Somehow, the comingndays seemed brighter.[Chapter 2] The next few weeks passed without incident. Elise spent most of her daysnlaying prostrate on her straw mat and staring at the ceiling. Occasionally,nCoulmier would remove the stone and whisper a short message only to beninterrupted by the doctor parading the halls. As most of their longnconversations were held late at night, the only constant she saw was thatnof the old blind laundress. Her frail voice calling out \"Linens! Fresh Linens:\" This woman comforted Elise. She was a hunched and wrinkled little thingnwith foggy eyes, blinded by the lye in the soap she used to clean thensheets, she told Elise. Sometimes, Elise would sit by the door and wait fornher to come knocking. If not for a little conversation, for a constantnface. She needed it. Elise had a daily regimen. Pace three steps forward, turn to the right andnpace three steps forward again. Then she'd sit at her door until she couldnhear the light shuffling steps of the laundress. The old woman would crouchnand knock on the iron sliding door and call out \"Linens!\" One day, the elderly laundress passed her the linens through the smallndoorway. \"Lise,\" the woman whispered, using the girls' nickname. \"There's a littlensomething from Coulmier wrapped up in there. Treat it with care. He's put anlot of time into it.\" She winked and pulled the iron door shut. Elise sat back holding the clean linens that held her gift and wonderednwhat it could be. She heard a scraping noise behind her and turned quickly.nIt was Coulmier removing the stone that connected their rooms. \"Did she give you my gift?\" he whispered. Elise crawled onto her mat andnclutched the sheets to her chest. \"Yes.\" She whispered back. \"Well, open them.\" He urged. His usually quiet subdued demeanor seemednrestrained. His voice was cheerful and excited. Blushing faintly, Elisencrossed her legs and slowly opened her gift from Coulmier. It was at leastna hundred pages and bound with a singlewide strap of soft brown suede gluedntaught around the spine. \"Its my book. Well, my last one. I'm working on a new one at this verynmoment.\" Coulmier added excitedly through the hole. Elise desperatelynwished she knew what her neighbor looked like, to see his energy fornherself. As it was right now, they were simply voices to each other. Shenstared blankly at the words in front of her. She, for his lively sake,nbadly wanted to know what the words meant. Coulmier crouched at the hole in the wall and awaited Elise's reply. Hencould barely see her face through the small orifice, but saw enough of herneyes that his excitement was diluted. \"Something wrong?\" he asked carefully. The girl simply shook her head and started to rock slightly. He could hearnher sniffling and fighting to control tears. \"Elise, is something the matter? Do you not like stories?\" he repeated hisnquestion. She snuffed back a breath and exhaled slowly. She turned to thenhole. \"No Coulmier, I adore stories. Unfortunately... I-\" she stopped, as ifnfearing the tears would return. \"I cannot read or write.\" She turned hernhead away ashamed. Coulmier wanted to reach through the wall and hug his friend. She seemedngreatly pained. \"I just feel so terrible that I cannot read what must surely be beautifulnwords and riveting tale.\" She added, her voice barely audible. It was then that he was struck with an idea. He looked across the room tonhis hiding place and skittered quickly to it. Removing a single sheet ofnpaper, and dipping a quill in ink, he rapidly scrawled the 26 letters ofnthe alphabet, with enough room for someone to replicate them underneath.nBlowing on the paper, he grabbed a fresh quill and the inkpot and scramblednback to Elise. Once, he was sure the paper was dry, he rolled it length ways so small thatnit slid easily through the gap. Her hands muffled her gasp as he carefullynpassed a loaded quill through it as well. \"Well,\" he said confidently. \"I'll teach you.\" He peered through the wall and saw the corner of her lips turn into ansmile. \"Thank you Coulmier. I know not how to repay you...\" she whispered, her voicenheld no mystery as her expression. It was an obvious grin. \"The only payment I receive is that of you enjoying my book. Now, look atnthe top of the page. See the first letter? That is an A. Copy it exactly asnit is printed.\" He explained. Later that night, as the moon lazily traveled the sky, Elise lay on herncheap bed, an almost sheer sheet covering her body, she thought back to thenafternoon's activities. Coulmier had given her his book. When she'dnconfessed her illiteracy, he'd only returned with a parchment and quill tonteach her the written hand. They'd sat for hours leaning against thenadjoining walls as Coulmier explained the letters, how they sounded andntheir meaning in some short words. They'd passed the parchment back andnforth as so that Coulmier could make corrections and add sentences for hernto learn. He had also offered to keep her learning papers in his room,nhidden behind a well-placed stone so that the doctor Royer-Collard couldnnot find them during inspections. She couldn't sleep. All she could think about were the letters and they'rensounds. They sounded so beautiful coming out of her friend's lips, and sonmaladroit and jumbled out of hers. Oh how she was looking forward to hernnext lesson. As she was just about ready to drift off into sleep, she heard a familiarnvoice scream out. \"MARQUIS!\" The volume of the scream shot her straight out of bed. She pressed her earnagainst the wall so that she might hear more. Alas, she could only hearnmutterings, and the odd word here and there. \"Madeleine...\" was the most frequent. Shortly after the dead awakening shout, she heard the recognizable click ofnCollards polished shoe on the cinder block floor. A creak of a door openingnand a loud, unintelligible angry word. The mutterings stopped. Elise laynback down on her mat until she heard the clicks of the doctors' shoes fadenout of existence. When she was positive, she cautiously sat forward and listened. Whimperingncould be heard from Coulmier's room. She moved to make contact throughntheir stone hole, but a soft knock on her door echoed lightly. Crawling to the door, she lifted the bolt and slid it open. The laundressnwas crouched there, her shawl hiding most of her features. \"Lise,\" she whispered. Elise nodded. \"Come child. Quick and silent, thendoctors not far gone.\" The woman stood up and shortly after, Elise's locked door was open. Elise,nafraid of what lay beyond the confines of her room, was led by thenlaundress a few feet down the hall. What seemed like forever passed asnElise walked, her feet stepping lightly on the cobble floors. They stoppednat an iron door similar to her own. The old woman fumbled with the keys butnmanaged to open the door. Elise, was greeted with the darkness and the same whimpering she could hearnin her room. Immediately, she knew who it was. Turning to the laundress,nshe looked as if to ask whether or not it was safe. \"Quick child, he needs a comfort right now. But make it short, cause if thendoctor ever caught you... he'd flay you.\" She assured. Elise nodded and ranninto the darkness towards the whimpering. Coulmier slept. He dreamed of Madeleine. She was not dead after all, he'dngiven up the cloth and they were getting married. He walked the aisle tonhis bride in his dream and turned to her. He screamed when he saw who henwas to be marrying. It was not Madeleine... the snide, cruel grin of thenMarquis stared out at him from under his Maddy's veil. The scream had wokennthe doctor and when you wake the doctor, you should expect a severenpunishment. Now, Coulmier clutched his face, where the doctor had laid a fist into hisncheek. His lip bled and the agony his face held was almost blinding. Hencould hear his door being opened again. The doctor must have not had hisnfill the first time. Coulmier stood shakily, ready to stand and fight ifnthe need be. He was shocked to discover the nimble body of a young womannstanding in front of him. He stood, in awe of what was going on. Blinking, he leaned forward to get a better look at who his visitor was.nSuddenly, the woman wrapped her arms around his neck and hugged him tight.nShe had to get on her tiptoes to reach his neck. Coulmier, still confused,nhesitantly returned the gesture.nThe embrace lasted only for a few moments, as the laundress whispered intonthe darkness. \"Lise! Come, the time could only permit for a moment. Child, come quickly.nI fear the doctors coming.\" The woman pulled away slowly, Coulmier was surprised to hear the name. Hentried to see the woman's face as she backed away slowly. \"Goodnight Coulmier.\" She whispered almost inaudibly. \"Goodnight,\" the same wispy intonation was used in his reply. And she was gone. Like an angel, she came and went. The next morning, Elise woke to the stone bring removed. Straighteningnherself, Elise slid over to the wall. \"Good morning Elise.\" Coulmier said quietly. \"I wish to thank you for yournkindness last night. I slept much better than I would have.\" \"It was all I could think to do. My mother used to hug me like that.\" Elisenreplied. \"Well you have a very wonderful mother.\" Elise blushed. \"Thank you,\" her next question, she'd thought about since the incident ofnthe night last. \"Coulmier, please do not think me rude, but who is Marquis? I've heard younscream his name in your sleep. And Madeleine, I hear her name spoken withnsuch softness I feel like I've been bathed in down.\" She fell silent, waiting to see if Coulmier chose to answer her question.nIt was a long time before Coulmier ever spoke. \"The Marquis, is just a name for the devil Elise. The Marquis is the devil.nMadeleine-\" his breath caught on the word. \"Madeleine, she... well. I have nonwords to describe her yet. But if and when I do, I'm not so sure I'll benable to speak them.\" Coulmier's voice cracked on the last sentence. Elise wondered if he wasntruly upset by her superfluous question. \"Coulmier, I-\" \"No, worry not. Everything is all right Elise, but I must go. I think Inhear the doctor.\" Elise watched as the stone was pushed into place. A sort of grief had takennher heart as she heard Coulmier's voice crack and try and hold itselfntogether. She promised to never speak of the Marquis or Madeleine, evernagain.[Chapter 3] Coulmier sat with his back to the wall. He felt so vulnerable. So angrynwith Elise for asking him about, about the Marquis, and... Madeleine. Shencouldn't possibly know, he scolded himself. She just merely overheard hisnnightly taunt. Oh how God punished him for love. But the pain of speakingnof everything before brought tears to his eyes and anger to his lips. Hencouldn't possibly tell things diplomatically should he decide to share hisntale with Elise. No, he mustn't ever speak of the past again. A few days had passed. No words from Coulmier made Elise feels verynterrible. She had never meant to hurt him. Apparently Madeleine was someonenso close to his heart that to speak of her must unquestionably bring forthngreat painful memories, a wife perhaps? His lover of late? And this Marquis fellow, surely he cannot be what Coulmier has described.nThe devil? It was blasphemous. She tried to imagine what the Marquis mustnlook like but could only see the church fashioned image of Satan. A beastnengraved with the number six-cent-soixante-six, 666. A knock at her door roused Elise back into the present. She sat up andnstared at her door. She could hear the clicking of the bolt unlocking herndoor and she watched to see who would enter. A man dressed in raggedynclothing stood before her and beckoned for her to stand. Standing quietly, Elise unsure and afraid walked to the door of her room.nShe had not left her room for weeks. She was accustomed to her room and hernroom alone. Suddenly, her complex reared its head as it had been dormantnfor so many nights. She began to tremble as she envisioned the germs andnbacteria on the floor around her. They crawled on the floor under her feet,nin the walls near her body and on the man in front of her. She screamed andnbegan to hop crazily on either foot. She cried out for her mother andnpulled frantically at her clothes. The man tried grabbing at her flailingnarms, but it was no use. He dashed off in search of the doctor. In hernfrenzy, she saw a man being led out of his room and down the corridor. Thenlook in his eyes as he passed her room said it was her friend and neighbornCoulmier. She feared everything except her friend. She saw nothing on hisnclothes, no evil disease seeking to destroy her. She broke free of her roomnand sprang into the arms of her neighbor. \"Coulmier it's everywhere!\" she cried into his shirt as she clawed to staynoff the floor. \"Its on the floor, on the guards, on the walls. I can'tnescape it.\" Coulmier saw a flash of blue and dark hair as the girl climbed him. She hadnwrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck screamingnand crying. Her noise could be heard throughout the corridor. The guard hadnleft him unbound as this one in particular was very lazy. He placed onenhand on her back and whispered in her ear. \"It will be okay Elise. But you must get down. You will be okay.\" The guard leading Coulmier pried the crying girl of the patient just asnCollard and her escort rounded the door. Elise was still in a frenzynbrushing off her clothes and pulling at her hair. \"What is going on here?\" the doctor barked sharply. The cold tone madenElise stop fidgeting immediately. Her hands balled at her sides as shencould still visibly see the dirt and grime calling to, her taunting to her. The doctor saw Coulmier unchained and glared at the guard, who, realizingnhis mistake grabbed Coulmier and dragged him roughly down the stairs pastnCollard. \"What is going on here?\" Royer repeated to Elise's escort. \"She went crazy sir. Started screaming and crying and clawing at hernclothes. Then she ran and jumped up onto that Coulmier fellow. I don't seenwhy she's being let out of her room!\" he said astonished. Collard walked up to Elise. He towered over her and as he looked into herneyes he saw an inexplicable fear. Good, he thought. \"You.\" He said to Elise. \"What is your name?\" The girl stammered and fidgeted. \"WHAT IS YOUR NAME!\" he shouted louder. \"E-El-Elise sir.\" She coughed out. \"What is the problem Elise?\" he asked, his sudden snarl turned soothing andnsweet. \"It... Its' everywhere.\" She whispered her head low. \"What is everywhere?\" he asked. \"Disease, dirt. Filth. It's coming to fetch me. To take me away like it didnmy father.\" She moaned falling to her knees. Her previous rage had takennall her energy. \"Dear child. This is a cleanly place. Abbe Charles makes sure of that. Ssh.nBe calm Elise. Everything will be okay. We'll make sure that the germs arentaken care of.\" He said patting her back. Turning to the man in rags, he said with his voice as cool as steel. \"Take her to the stall. 40 lashes should keep her complex down enough fornher to work. What with Franz having sent his hand through the printer we'rendown one worker.\" He pushed the girl forward. Her tearstained face meaningnnothing to him. She was just another patient. A beautiful, young patientnfor him to devastate. A drumming filled Coulmier's ears as he was again plunged into the dirty,nlukewarm water. Air. Water. Air. Water. For an hour straight, Coulmier was dunked backwards into a tub. He hadnlearned a breathing technique so that he did not splutter every time he wasnpulled from the abyss. He took in a deep breath slowly before he was evennin the chair. Shallow, yet even breaths expanded his lungs and as he wasndunked, he slowly expelled the air through his nostrils. Arriving in thenair, he would take a deep breath with his mouth slightly closed and do itnagain. The doctor had taken kindly to this torture as a way of showing Coulmiernwho was the reigning champion. A constant reminder to who beat the Marquisnde Sade and who lost. Sometimes it was so much that Coulmier could not bearnit. But those days were few and far between. A few halls over, he heard a shrill scream and the snap of the whip. Hisnold punishment. He wondered who was the unfortunate this time. A woman nondoubt by the tone of the cry, but who? Suddenly, a face flashed through hisnmind. Elise. Her dark, choppy hair and her pale skin. Was it his fault? Whynwas she being punished? \"Oh Elise.\" He whispered. This lapse of collected thought would prove toncause him a moment of discomfort as he was thrust back into the waternunprepared. Elise stood stark naked chained to a wall. Her face was pressed tightly tonthe partition that divided up the torture chambers. She'd been standing forna good few minutes. Her back stung. She could feel the damp muggy breeze innthe dungeon like setting creep across her screen. Had she not been gagged,nshe might have screamed in fear of all the germ and bacterial diseases thatnwould surely take her now in her wounded state. Although, the gag provednuseless only moments ago as the thick black whip raped her back, shencouldn't help but let the hot wave of tears stream down her puffy face. Before being strung up like a ham on Noel, the man gave Elise a swift kicknin the face. She had fallen down going the stairs and in punishment for hernclumsiness, a swelling and purpling bruise on her temple stretching acrossnher forehead. The man returned. The whip must be clean. He left to clean it as Elisencounted 15 lashes. The pain was blinding as he continued with the downwardnstroke of the whip. \"So much blood from such a small person.\" He'd said coming much to closenfor comfort. His hand traced her rump and he nibbled on her ear. \"Such ansmall, beautiful person.\" Elise had begun to sob. She never asked for any of this. It wasn't hernfault. 16 17 18 19 20nOnly twenty more to go. If she learned nothing else from her father beforenhe died, it was mathematics. She could complete a math question about asnfast as it took for her father to rhyme one off. They'd spend days when shenwas child, walking around and adding this, subtracting that, multiplyingnthis and dividing those. It was wonderful. All of Elise's questions couldnbe answered with a simple mathematical equation. She loved it. By reveling in this memories, Elise has managed to escape some of the pain.nYet as soon as the memories stopped, the pain returned. A shrill screamnescaped her lips before she had time to cauterize it on the gag. For hernexceptionally loud outburst, the man flick the long whip doubly hard. As then, when Elise thought she could take no more, the beating stopped.nThe man was gone in a flash. Out of exhaustion from crying and the painnfrom her torture, Elise finally collapsed against the wall and out of hernconscious mind. The next morning, Elise woke to the Doctor peering over her wounds. She laynon her stomach, stark naked as the previous day. Her back stung like thendickens and she felt the doctors' warm breath oxidizing her skin as henbreathed close to her wounds. \"She's not infected. Wrap her up, dress her, and send her down to thenprinting press. I'll have Gatineau explain to her what she is required tondo.\" Collard said running a finger through one of the longer, deeperngashes. \"Yes sir, no problem sir. I'm all ready.\" A familiar female voice agreed.nElise registered the voice as the one belonging to the Laundress. As Elisengroggily tried to turn and see her friend, the doctor pushed down on hernback, \"Be still Elise. Lady LeClerc will help you.\" He hand lingered too, on hernbuttock, a little long. Elise flinched and felt the doctor step away. She buried her face in her pillow and awaited for the Doctor to leave hernquarters. Her wish was soon granted. As soon as the door was closed, thenlaundress scurried forward. \"Sh Lise dear. I've got some medicine that will make you feel much better.\" The laundress applied a thick white paste to Elise's wounds and the girlnimmediately felt the burning sensation decrease. The woman hummed as shenworked, a tune that Elise couldn't quite place, but sounded very similar. \"What of Coulmier?\" she asked feebly. The laundress laid a strip of clothnover the healing cream to keep it in place as she applied the bandage.nPulling Elise into a sitting position, the laundress didn't utter a word.nShe motioned for Elise to raise her arms so she could wrap the bandagenaround her torso. Elise complied more out of calculation than desire. \"Lady, Lady LeClerc\" she began again, \"What of Coulmier. Is he alright.nWhere was he headed?\" The laundress smiled a weak smile. \"He was in the very same chamber as you, though I daresay you did not meet.nHe leaves his room every day for a dose of 'treatment' requested by thendoctor. Treatment, BAH. That man is one of least likely men to be insane.nIt's the doctor who truly belongs in that room, not poor Coulmier.\" \"Treatment? You mean lashes?\" Elise wondered, her eyes growing wide. \"No dear. His fate is a much more troubled one I'm afraid. He is givennwater treatment. An hour or so of constant dunking. Its supposed to relaxnthe patient but all I've ever seen it do is cause a stir. We'd do best notnto mention it. Coulmier chooses to bear his burdens alone, that's how it'snbeen since Maddy died.\" \"Maddy?\" Elise asked as the woman pulled her dress back over her head.n\"Madeleine? I've heard Coulmier whisper the name in his slumber. Is thisnthe Maddy you speak of? She passed away? What happened?\" The woman's eyes gleamed with tears. \"My, you do ask a lot of questions.\" She whispered. \"Yes, Maddy andnMadeleine are one in the same. But I think you be getting the best answernout of Coulmier himself dear. Now, you're all patched up. Lets get youndownstairs to the printing room. The doctor will be having a fit by now.\"[Chapter 4] Coulmier rested in his accommodations, damp and tired. One would think thatnyou wouldn't get tired sitting in a chair being swung backwards into a danknpool, but you did. He sat with his quill and inkbottle out. He wasnscrawling a few sentences to teach Elise. They had finished the entirenalphabet in their first lesson, but due to certain circumstances, had notnhad a follow up. As he scribbled, he heard the soft pattering of thenlaundress who was once his dear Maddy's mother. She scraped open the door and poked her head through. \"Coulmier? I've brought you linens and news of Lise.\" She whispered. Coulmier crawled out of the dark corner and crouched near the door. \"Is she alright? Did the doctor punish her?\" he asked. \"She's fine now. The doctor gave her 40 lashes to compensate for hernoutburst the other day – which if I do say myself was a tad odd. I'venpatched her up, but the doctor requests that she work in the printing room.nFranz has accidentally run his hand through the printer. Since he's off,nCollard's put the girl in as a replacement.\" \"40 Lashes? Dear god. You say she is all right? I should hope so. When doesnthe printing room usually end for the day? Will you take me to her tonight?nI wish to see her.\" Coulmier rambled. \"Quiet dear. Yes, she's almost good as new save a scratch here and there.nThey should be done right around suppertime. You shouldn't even be needingnto ask if I'll take you to her. Of course the answers yes Coulmier. But notntonight. The doctor is on patrol tonight. He's having a bad bout ofninsomnia lately. Not sleeping and such, so as a warning I suggest you andnLise keep things very silent tonight. Tomorrow evening though, the doctornis going to a play. He should be gone for a few days as the play is out ofntown. I'll take you to her then. Worry not my friend. You'll see hernagain.\" The Laundress winked and left him his pile of blankets. Coulmier smiled weakly. 40 lashes? Her body looked like it barely withstoodn5. He could only envision the gaping wounds on her back. The suddennrecollection made him sensitive to his own scars. Softly, he ran a hand upnhis own chest and felt the scars that once threatened his life. Some long,nothers short, some extremely thick and others barely visible. Still, henremembered vividly the pain brought forth by the evil back whip. His heartnfelt a pang of sorrow for the girl. This sudden emotion rattled him. What was this? Could he feel more than henshould with this girl? The priest still in him shouted that this was wrong,nbut the man inside his heart said that quite possibly, it could be morenthan his imagination. Time would tell, but for now, he was content havingngood conversations. Elise sat at the printing press and turned the lever as she'd beenninstructed. Beside her a short fat man with balding hair and a stench thatnwould wake the dead sat. He fed paper onto the spool that went through thenprinter. A repetitive job, but nonetheless different from her daily routinentherefore causing her to feel uncomfortable. The inmates stared at her. Shenwas one of two women in the room and she was obviously the younger of them. The other woman was thin with shoulder length wiry hair. Her eyes were sunkninto her puffy face and her mouth sucked inwards as if she'd eaten a lemon.nElise tried to smile and look like a contented worker but the façade provednto difficult. With every turn of the lever, Elise could almost feel the dirt and grime ofnthe room collapsing in on her. She'd never known her disability to be sonstrong. Chalking it up to that conclusion that it hadn't been active for anfew weeks seemed plausible. Whatever was causing her to sweat so profuselynwas simply her nerves having been isolated for so long. That must be it. When the whistle blew for the end of the day, her escort came and unchainednher from the press only to enchain again her to a line of prisoners. Shenwas at the end, most likely due to her room high in the tower. As theynshuffled along, to ease her nerves Elise counted her steps. She calculatednthe distance she was walking and the using Pythagoras theorem determinednthe perimeter of the triangle that her legs and the floor made. Theynstopped frequently to dispose of an inmate here and there. Finally, it was just her and the escort. Her back seared from all the painnof standing and climbing stairs. She was almost certain that she could feelnthe cuts splitting further as she walked. When they reached her room, thenescort threw open her door and pushed her in, a harsh hand putting force onnher wounds. She screamed in agony and fell to the floor on her mat. Shenfell asleep from utter pain and sheer fatigue. Doctor Royer-Collard was busy packing for his trip out of town to see a fewnplays and all he could think of was the girl. The girl with dark hair. Henalmost smiled when he pictured her splayed spread eagle against the lashingnwall. Her soft supple young body getting tortured. What was it about this one? There had been many female patients atnCharenton before. Perhaps it was her winning smile, her young body, henmused. He quickly glanced over his desk to see if he was missing anythingnand saw a picture of Simone, his late wife. He brow furrowed as henremembered the young architect he'd hired to build her a home. The samenyoung architect who stole her from him. He frowned at the picture andnrealized what it was about Elise. She looked exactly like Simone. Coulmier lay in wait in his room for Elise to return from her first day ofnlabor. He needn't wait long. He soon heard the shuffling of footsteps andnthe groan of a door being pulled shut. When he was sure no one was near, henpried the rock loose that connected their rooms. \"Elise? Elise? Are you alright?\" he whispered. He heard muffled cries andnsobs but saw nothing. He waited silently for her to finish. When she wasnready, he saw her form sit up and disappear as she leaned against the wall. \"Oh Coulmier. I'm sorry.\" She began apologizing. Coulmier smiled, even though she could not see it, he knew she felt it. \"Sorry for what?\" he asked quietly. \"Sorry for getting you into trouble, for attacking you like that. I nevernmeant to. It's just... it's really just...\" her voice broke. Coulmier's smiledndropped on either side. \"Its understandable. Don't worry. I've taken no offense.\" He tried toncomfort her. \"No, no its not. I should be able to keep it under control. I must. I mustnalways make sure it is kept safe.\" Elise mumbled to herself. Coulmier felt his heart break as he listened to his friend. He understoodnwhat it felt like to act out occasionally. He himself has a lapse ofnjudgment only days ago whilst being forced to endure a second hour of thendunking chair. Violent screams filled the Charenton bellows, Elise hadnasked but Coulmier, ashamed of his behavior, said nothing. \"Look here Elise.\" He whispered. \"I've made up some new reading and writingnlessons for you. Here! Take them.\" He rolled them lengthways and slid themnthrough. Soon following was a quill dipped in ink. He heard her hiccup and he thought he saw a small smile. \"Oh Coulmier, you always know how to make me grin.\" She hiccupped again. As she said those words, Coulmier felt his heart tighten with a happinessnhe hadn't felt in a very long time.[Chapter 5] Collard paced the halls. The iron doors creaked and it seemed like thenstone palace was swaying with the wind. He was on patrol only until hisncarriage arrived to take him into the next town where he'd attend a finenarts night the following day. It was invitation only, and he was not toonconceited that he didn't consider himself grateful of the request ofnaudience. As he paced, his mind again trailed to Elise. Simone. They looked so alike.nAlthough small differences; eye colour, slight facial lengths that werenmeasurable, and Elise's pallor compared to exotic Simone's made themnnoticeably different, they were still memorably similar. But it was innvain, Collard saw his Simone in the young patient. In her movements, herndemeanor, her gaze. He shook his head; he would not worry himself with tiresome memories now.nRight now, he thought, my carriage should be arriving. And with that, henventured off into the night struck asylum to collect his things. Elise woke with a start. She was face down again; her back ached oh sonmuch. The old laundress lay at her side with a bowl of water that triednunsuccessfully to look soapy. She held a damp cloth and a smaller bowlnfilled with the white paste. Fresh bandages were strung across her neck andnshe looked down at Elise, beaming like a mother would a newborn child evennthough Elise knew she was as blind as a bat in daylight. \"Good morning child.\" She said happily. Elise broke a small smile and laidnher head down on the pillow so all she saw was the woman's knees. \"Good morning.\" she mumbled. \"I've brought ye some clean bandages and some fresh water. Just relax.\" Thenlaundress said quietly pulling back the sheet from Elise's body. Elisenshuddered as the cloth tickled her skin as it was removed. The old womannleft the sheet at her waist and instructed Elise to stretch out her arms.nElise did as she was told. The woman slid the dress up the length of her body and over her shoulders.nIt was much more awkward the second time around, Elise thought back to thenfirst time she was applied bandages naught a day ago. The laundress pullednat the base of the bandages around her lower back and put a small tear innthem so she could remove them quickly. In a sharp move, as fast a cat, shenripped them off and let them fall to either side of her patient. Elise gasped in pain, but there was none. The woman was so effective innremoval of the bandage that all Elise felt was a tingling sensation wherenthey had once been. Her cuts felt dry on her back; she laid very still innfear that the slightest movement would rip them open yet again. As thenwoman applied the cream, Elise wondered what to say. \"How are you today?\" she began. The laundress replied with a grin. \"Just fine child. Just fine. How be you?\" \"Tired, and lonely.\" Elise said before she could check her words. \"Now, why would ye be lonely? You've got lil 'ole me and Coulmier to talknto. Coulmier's a fine fellow. I've known him for quite some time, muchnlonger than he's been a patient here. He was once the Abbe of this very-\"nthe laundress stopped short, realizing she'd said too much in hernenthusiasm for a tête-à-tête. She quickly bound the last of the bandagesnand sat back, folding her hands. \"What did you say?\" Elise said incredulously. She sat up, wincing at thenpain in her back. \"Nothing dear, no matters of your business. Forget what I said, letsnconcentrate on those cuts.\" The laundress said, groping for the young girl.nElise slid out of reachable grasp and backed against the wall, for all thenpain it caused, the cool stone was oddly comforting. \"Coulmier, my Coulmier was Abbe of Charenton?\" she asked. Then she heardnthe words in her head. My Coulmier. They rang in her ears. She saw the oldnwoman smile, a weak and bitter smile. \"Yes, yes dear. Coulmier before you knew him was a great man of God. Anwondrous, caring, generous and honorable man. He loved this place almost asnmuch as he loved-\"she stopped short. \"Loved what?\" Elise begged. This was news. Coulmier, Abbe of Charenton? Shencould see it, but she could not believe it. The laundress groped for her doctoring things and collected them, spillingnsome water on the floor. She stood and shuffled her way to the door. Elisencrawled after her. \"Please, tell me. I've never told a secret in my life!\" she begged, pullingnat the woman's dress lightly. \"Child let go!\" the laundress said angrily, immediately regretting it. Shenturned her head down to look at the girl curled around her feet, she couldnnot see her, but she envisioned her laying there, here eyes pleading withnthe woman for answers. But not now. She couldn't give them now, it wasn'tnher place. \"I'm sorry Elise. I didn't mean to get upset. You just touched annerve, that's all. I've told you before, if you want all the answers, speaknto Coulmier.\" Elise felt her lip tremble as she watched the Laundress shuffle through thendoorway. \"But I promised not to...\" she whispered as the door shut and the laundressnlocked the door. She let her head droop until it touched the chilled rocknfloor and as it had become a regular habit – cried. That night, Elise lay in bed. She hadn't needed to work today. Collard hadnshut down the press for while he was gone. She lay on her stomach with hernhead on her arms. She was examining the block of granite in front of hernand trying to estimate how thick it was to the other side so she couldnfigure out the volume of the stone and then move on to the volume of hernvery room. She heard the iron bolt creak as it opened and she slowly rolled over sonthat her lash wounds were not too deeply disturbed. The window a few feetnabove her head shone into the room and stopped short a few feet from thenblackened door way. \"You've got one hour Coulmier.\" She heard a voice whisper. \"I understand Lady LeClerc.\" Elise peered into the blackness and it was feet she saw first. Bare feetnthat soon turned into a young man. Her door bolted shut behind him and shensat up clutching her thin sheet to her chest. \"Coulmier?\" she whispered. The young man stepped out of the shadows andnsmiled. \"None other.\" He replied. Elise rose quickly to her feet to embrace her friend. Her arms reachednaround his neck and Coulmier was at a loss of what to do. Finally, hensettled with his hands on her lower back, close to but not touching hernbuttocks. While the priest in his head shouted at him for the blasphemy, hencouldn't help but notice how well she fit into his arms. \"How are you?\" she questioned. He smiled and took her hands. \"Quite well now that I see you're doing fine.\" He said. \"Here have a seat,\" Elise whispered excitedly. This was the first timenthey'd ever seen each other face to face. The hall encounter didn't countnbecause she wasn't completely observant and she was sure Coulmier wasn'tneither. The midnight comfort didn't count either because there was no moonnto exploit their features. She'd merely looked for a shape, a form fornwhich to embrace. There was a second of silence. Coulmier sat on the straw mat so similar to his own and he studied thenyoung woman's face. Looking at her, he realized she was not much youngernthan his own 24. Her skin was pale, a small cut on her lip was stillnslightly puffy and oozing, but it was mostly clear. Her eyes were anbrilliant blue and her hair, he'd seen its long luxuriousness upon hernarrival, and he'd glimpsed it after being cut, but in the few weeks she'dnbeen here, it had grown a good few inches and the once shattered locks werensoftly layering her gamine face. That face sat upon a small-framed body.nNot very thin, but appropriately proportioned so she looked minutelynhealthy. Her wrists still worn raw from the irons were slowly healing. In aninstant he saw that she was truly beautiful. A full pouted smile shone atnhim, and for a moment he thought that her very smile could lead him tonheaven. On the opposite, Elise was quietly taking in all that was Coulmier. Hisnstrong jaw line showed fantastic bone structure. His skin was as pale asnher own. Her eyes roamed his face and she noticed his nose was slightlyncrooked, but she knew – as he'd explained it weeks ago – that it had beennbroken as a child while he was playing handball with a friend. His eyesnwore a pale green that shimmered in the glittering darkness. She saw thatnhis hair hung in thick loose waves just under his ear. Something about hisnhair made her want to thrust her hands into the black mess of locks andnfeel the weight of it in her hands. His eyes made her want to blush andngiggle like a little girl, but she simply smiled. This was her Coulmier.nYes, it felt right saying that in her head. Her Coulmier. Her truestnfriend. His head tapered into wide shoulders and arms that were notnnecessarily muscular, but you could tell he was a strong man. He wore anstained tunic and tattered black pants, the standard Charenton uniform fornmen. She looked down at her own knee length, shapeless outfit and smirked. For a moment, just a moment, it seemed that everything was perfect. ","Summary":" The bell tolled as a black carriage trolleying a brown cart, dusty from itsntravels pulled into the"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Stolen moments","Author":"Emerald-eclipse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10705730","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own \"Edge of Tomorrow\" or \"All you need is kill.\" The first time he stitches up her wound it is a mess, there is a lot of blood, and she fights to swallow back hisses of pain. He learns after the tenth—maybe eleventh time. The thirty third, and all the times that follow, is quick, clean and quiet, and she neither flinches away nor her face changes from her usual expression. He is silently glad. They're both tired so the time in the shed, however short, acts like a much needed break before the chaos that follows, and he likes to pretend that it is akin to a small getaway from all the hustle and bustle…of war and death. She doesn't shut up about the helicopter keys, so by the forty second time he hides them and finds the coffee and learns that she takes hers with three sugars and he tries to make this moment last just a little bit longer. The forty fourth time is when she realizes they have been here more than once; that this wasn't his first time anymore, the sugar— of all things— giving him away. She is furious, but he is just so tired of seeing her die over and over and over again. He tells her that he wishes he didn't know her. The look of remorse that flashes through her face before it is replaced by cold determination shows him that she, at least, understands. But it is never enough to stop her from starting the helicopter. He watches her die again. During the next few resets, he lets her drink her coffee black. The fifty ninth time is different. Special. She realizes that they are on another reset, because he forgets and slips and gives her the sugar again. But this time they must have done something differently. Maybe it was something that he said. She still starts the helicopter and they still get attacked. But she lets him hold her hand and she tells him her middle name before the life goes out of her eyes and the wave of mimics swallow them up. After that reset he thinks he can't do it anymore. He approaches her like so many times before just to walk away; her challenging expression ( Do I have something on my face, soldier?) overlapping with all the times her lifeless eyes stared back at him. Again, again, and again. It never seemed to get easier looking at her. In fact it got harder with each time—the two hundred and thirtieth so much more difficult than, say, eleventh. So he walks away. For a while, he stops trying to get to the training room altogether. He sometimes wonders if she lied about her name. He fights alone. Tries to fight all of them on his own. And he makes it, finally makes it to the dam. He can't help but hope and wish, just to have that shatter like an illusion. It is the first time he dies of drowning. He shoots up awake. He is afraid. He runs to her and they are again partners. For a while they don't train and they don't fight, but he wastes so many resets just to get to the General, just to get him to talk. He is tired and fed up. On the way to Whitehall for the fifteenth time, he asks her if her middle name is Rose. She glares at him in irritation, but he simply looks her in the eyes. He feels his sanity slipping away and tries to find something to grasp at, otherwise he thinks he will break. Maybe some of the despair bleeds onto his face, because her eyes soften. She looks back to the road and he recognizes that look and knows that she is no longer here with him—lost in her own memories. He turns slightly away to give her privacy, but he can still see at the corner of his eyes when she nods, and for the first time in a long while he feels content. He lets his eyes slid shut, burning this moment into his memory. He is glad he gets the chances to know her. AN: Thanks for reading! This is a stand alone one-shot. I might update with more drabbles, which might or might not be tied to this one.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don't own \"Edge of Tomorrow\" or \"All you need is kill\" It is a slaughter house. Rita runs into battle ignoring the shouts, screams, and sound of gunfire. She takes up her sword and doesn't flinch at the explosion five feet away from her position. She will fight and she will take down each and every one of the Mimics that crosses path with hers today. She takes a precious second to wonder how the enemy knew that they were coming. She nearly pays for that with her left arm. She slashes and twists and punches and kicks and fires her gun and in the heat of the battle she cannot help but feel regret; regret at the loss of the time resetting power. Out of nowhere, a soldier comes slamming into her armored body—both of them tearing through the hull of a nearby dropship. She catches a glimpse of frantic blue eyes and she entertains a notion of emptying a whole case into the person's head. But then he starts talking and all words catch in her throat. She watches as the soldier shoots a barrage of bullets into the ceiling, a Mimic falling dead soon after, and then as if in afterthought, he picks up his other gun and shoots a volley of bullets to the side, killing another Mimic, and Rita can't help but hope . He keeps shouting things at her, but she isn't listening anymore. She follows him and sees again how he shoots before the enemy shows up. As if he can predict their movements. As if he knows what is going to happen. \"This ship is about to explode!\" he shouts at her, his face twisting into a look of dread and fear and anger when he sees that she has stopped walking. But Rita can't help but hope. She drops her sword. Because if it was true, then there was no point in prolonging this moment. She takes a gamble. And she says: \"Find me when you wake up.\" His face is that of confusion. She has the time to realize that this must be the first time he has this conversation. She can't help but hope. Death doesn't scare her anymore. Not today. She sees his face twists in disbelief and horror. She can feel the increasing heat at her back. She can't help but hope. \"Come find me when you wake up—\" The world turns red. AN: Gosh, I'm surprised how much I enjoyed this movie. Watched it twice already and I could easily watch it again. Thanks for reviewing, micaslopez123 and Kevin !We do need more fanfiction out there for EoT.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I don't own \"Edge of Tomorrow\" or \"All you need is kill\" \"text\" - movie dialogue \" italics\" - thoughts \"Neither of us is getting out of here, Cage.\" She says it with such certainty and finality that all words and counterarguments and excuses he has prepared, escape him. And he can't help and think that it is unfair. So unfair. And he cringes at the childishness of his thoughts. He notices her hands shake when she hands him the grenades. Her gaze, however, is unwavering. He thinks she gets the shorter end of the stick. He closes his eyes. He doesn't want to see her go. Rita Vrataski and William Cage, the last chess pieces on the board. Two surprise players in the game of war against the mimics. Those bastards didn't see that coming for sure. He mentally chuckles. His face twist into an expression of regret. God, he was afraid. He fights to contain hysteria. He listens as she speaks to him. \"Thank you. Thank you for getting us this far.\" He opens his eyes. Her voice is raw with emotions. Her smile is bright, honest, filled with warmth and gratitude. Don't thank me ! he wants to scream. Don't thank me for bringing you to your Death. He thinks this is the difference between Private William Cage and Sergeant Rita Vrataski. He fought to survive. She fought to win. And this time winning didn't equate survival. He was afraid. \"You're a good man, Cage. \" No, I'm not. He answers her in his head. He was a coward right to the end. \"I wish I had a chance to know you better.\" All thoughts escape him when her lips touch his. He grabs her arm and doesn't want to let go. He is afraid. But seeing her take off towards the Alpha without any hesitation gives him strength to push away and run towards the end. AN: Thanks for reading and reviewing. Special thanks to FanFiction Noob, micaslopez123 and Kevin ! I'm working on your prompts, Kevin. Just had to get this one out. Stay tuned for other drabbles that will hopefully be longer. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own \"Edge of Tomorrow\" or \"All you need is kill.\" The first time he stitche"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Revelations","Author":"Furious Angel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/212302","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The asylum was silent apart from the soothing scratching of a quill over paper. The night outside was still, the occasional breeze awakening some leaves and waltzing with them. Shafts of moonlight pierced the Marquis' quarters, falling upon the tacky ornaments and his treasured quills. His bedsheets were in array, swirled and peaked like the froths of the ocean, the result of late night inspiration. Occasional drops of scarlet ink led to his precious paper, profanities and sins of the flesh written in the most elegant handwriting. The Marquis tugged at his impressive garnet ring, yanking it over his knuckle and throwing it aside. Despite its beauty, it did occasionally intervene with the flow of his writing. *She was a virginal laundry lass, darling of the lower wards, with the insatiable appetite of a wild animal...* The quill continued to animate the Marquis' lewd thoughts and raucous imagination, bringing lusty harlots and hungry men to life, all knowing no boundaries or limits. He hummed under his breath; eyes never leaving the page as he dipped the quill into the inkpot, revitalising his flow of ideas. The Marquis stopped, mid-word, and leant back in his ornate chair. A slow, contented smile spread across his prison-wearied face as the inspiration for his central character entered his head. *Oh Maddie...* Madeline was the Marquis' saviour, a true angel in a suitably beautiful disguise. She was his one connection with the outside world, selflessly smuggling out his scribblings to the thirsty French public. Every time her melodic voice chirruped through the small gap in his door, he heart would leap and he would get that familiar stirring in his loins as he anticipated another visit from her. He was full aware that she was attracted to him, to his sexual power. He could have her at any time he wanted, how he wanted, but he still had enough respect for her as of not to ravage her at any opportunity. Nevertheless, her angelic curls, wickedly cheeky face and, most importantly to the Marquis, generous cleavage never failed to arouse him. *I have a rival to Maddie's love.* Abbé Coulmier- caring, gentle, kind...and foolish over Maddie. He was also a friend to the Marquis; he had laughed politely at his crude jokes, shared cheap cellar wine, grimaced at his outrageous antics. He occasionally maddened the Marquis, denying his human desires, repressing them until the strain showed on his handsome face. *Why doesn't he just have her and then we'd all be happy...* The Marquis knew that that last thought wasn't true. If Abbé were to have his Maddie in the way that he wanted her, the jealousy he would feel would burn away at his insides. He had seen the way Abbé looked at Maddie, his pale green eyes lingering too long upon her form. *I'll write him into my novel, that should embarrass him enough to leave Maddie to me.* 'Marquis! You shouldn't be up so late.' Marquis turned around in his chair and smiled inanely at his late-night visitor. It was Abbé, still dressed in his waking-hour clothes, clearly unable to sleep. 'My darling Abbé, you don't seem to be inciting sleep yourself.' Marquis raised an eyebrow and poised his quill over the paper, listening to the Abbé's footsteps approach him. Abbé deftly plucked the quill from Marquis' hand and put it back in the pot. 'Enough for one night. You need your sleep.' Marquis placed his legs up on his table and leered at Abbé. He enjoyed seeing the Abbé's eyes awkwardly travel along the floor, look at the quills, the bed, anything but the Marquis himself. Abbé was relieved to see Marquis' ring glimmering, solitary, on the floor. He scooped it into his hand and placed it upon Marquis' desk. Marquis thrived in the discomfort that the young man was clearly in. 'That garnet is the hardest rock known to man.' Abbé smiled pleasantly, although he did not truly understand what was going on. He just wanted to rid himself of the Marquis for one night. 'Come, Marquis, sleep. We have an early start tomorrow, with the play and all.' The Marquis smirked with the knowing leer of a whoremaster. 'If inspiration has kept me awake Abbé, what has been depriving you of sleep? Is it lusty thoughts?' Abbé rolled his eyes and sighed. Despite his long friendship with the Marquis, his suggestive comments still caught him by surprise. Some of the things that the man came out with were quite disgusting; yet Abbé was ashamed to admit that he often felt a laugh rise within him, having to wrestle with his self-control to keep it at bay. Normally, the beginnings of a shy smile would play at the corner of his lips, but tonight he had neither the energy nor the tolerance to sustain such sordid remarks. The Marquis shook his head and with a contained laugh arranged the quills neatly in the pot. He shuffled his papers and placed them gingerly down on his table, distant eyes travelling lovingly over them as if they were his children. He rose slowly, teasingly slowly to his feet, stretched like a cat and made his way to his bed. Abbé carefully monitored every move he made. *The man certainly is scheming.* Abbé nodded in satisfaction when the Marquis settled down in bed, however reluctantly. He smiled satisfactorily and went to turn. 'Abbé...' The voice, more of a purr, was dripping in sadistic enjoyment. Abbé clenched his jaw and faced the Marquis. 'What is it?' Marquis grinned, his eyes glimmering with suggestion. 'Don't fancy joining me, do you?' Abbé tutted and shut the door behind him. Behind the door, the Marquis smirked. Madeline's sleep was light and ephemeral. Although her body was exhausted by her laborious laundrying, her mind refused to stop cease its wasp-like buzzing. Her mother slept peacefully alongside her, blissfully unaware of her daughter's sleeplessness and also the fact that she had pulled the freshly washed sheet fully over to her side of the bed. Madeline woke from her doze to the sound of hasty footsteps, which were unusual for this time of night. She gingerly swung her legs out of the bed, drawing in a sharp breath over her lips as her feet made contact with the cold floor. She padded quietly to the door of her quarters, peeping furtively out of the tiny gap. She captured a haze of black rushing past her, but he or she were too fast for her to draw any recognition. *Maybe it was Abbé...* Madeline frowned to herself in the form of a silent self-scorning. Despite Abbé's - *Restrictions...* -promises as a priest, Madeline still felt her stomach plunge a little whenever he spoke to her. Once he had kissed her cheek as a polite thank-you, and she could have sworn that her skin tingled. *Like being kissed by the lips of God...well, not the winking eye of God anyway.* Madeline grinned to herself and repressed a giggle. The Marquis never failed to humour her. She always tried to act nonchalantly when he read her a sample of his prose, but in truth if was like a fire in her belly. *Must have been a fireball when he kissed me then...* The Marquis' somewhat forced kiss on Madeline was her first real kiss. Stolen pecks with local boys in her younger years didn't really count. But the Marquis had really kissed her, like a man. Madeline had pretended that she didn't like it, but in truth she adored it. He was like a sexual predator, and she was his prey. But he would never hurt her. He admired her too much for that. All of these lewd thoughts enflamed Madeline with a mixture of adrenaline and arousal, and in the heat of the moment she opened the door to her quarters. The corridor was cold and lifeless, and the silence seemed uneasy. Usually the occasional wail or shriek came from one of the inmate's cells, but tonight they slept as soundly as they did as children. Madeline's room was only a short distance away from the Abbé's, but she still felt like she was creeping for miles. The heavy door was practically impossible to shut quietly, and despite her efforts it closed with a loud bang. Madeline grimaced and made her way up to the Abbé. Abbé slowly unbuttoned his cassock and sighed loudly. Unlike Maddie, his mind was debilitated, but his body was wide awake. *I'm not prepared to risk a brisk walk around this place in the dead of night for the sake of earlier sleep.* He neatly folded his clothes and placed them on a chair in the corner of his room. Abbé's room was very simple, a large bed, a shelf populated with books and his chair in the corner. Shivering with cold, he shrugged on his night-shirt and pulled back his bedsheets. Just as he was about to slide under the sheets, he heard a knock at the door. *Who on...* Abbé hurried to his feet, walking over to the door as calmly as he could, considering the fact that he was in an asylum with a late-night visitor. As he gingerly pulled the door back, his heart leapt as he saw Maddie's beautiful face lurking behind it. 'Maddie! What on earth are you doing up at this hour?' He opened the door further, beckoning Maddie to come in. She smiled girlishly and shrugged her shoulders. She looked far younger in her night-gown, curves not quite as prominent as in her everyday clothes. Abbé couldn't help but notice this, but nonetheless a stab of guilt penetrated his heart. Madeline stood in the centre of the room, looking quite lost. Abbé made his way to the bed and patted a spot next to him. Madeline beamed and sat there. 'Well, I couldn't sleep and I heard someone go past...I thought it was you.' Abbé nodded and laughed quietly. 'Probably was me. I'm having trouble with the Marquis again.' Madeline raised an eyebrow. She again tried to remain distant on the subject of the Marquis, but in all truth it didn't work. 'Again? What's he up to this time?' Abbé glanced at the floor and caught sight of Madeline absent-mindedly rubbing her forearms to generate some heat. Goosebumps had broken out all over her body, starting at her neck...trailing down to the hem of her scoop neckline to... *Stop it.* He rose to his feet and lifted a robe from his chair. 'Oh, just being a little disruptive- writing when he should be sleeping...here you go.' He gently placed the robe around Madeline and sat back down. Madeline smiled gratefully and snuggled into the robe. She mustered a look of disapproval onto her face. 'Oh him and his nasty stories. The man knows no limits.' The Abbé, this time with genuine disapproval, sat with his head in his hands. Although the ever-increasing fatigue was the cause of such a stature, he looked like the picture of misery. Madeline frowned and placed a maternal hand on his arm. 'Are you alright Abbé?' Despite the lack of sexuality in Madeline's touch, a chill ran through Abbé's body that froze his blood and formed icicles on his veins. His eyes snapped open and he tried to regain control of himself. 'Of course Maddie, just tired. I should really get some sleep.' Madeline was disappointed. She could have quite happily talked with the Abbé until the sun made its presence known, maybe even held his hand. She stood up and straightened out her night-gown. Abbé stifled a yawn and lay back on the bed, pulling the sheets up over him. He was too familiar with Maddie to see her out, many a time he had left her quarters with her folding linens or writing a practice letter that he had assigned her. As she reached the door, Madeline placed her hands on her hips and strode over to the bed. 'Goodness Abbé, you really are quite untidy at times.' Madeline deftly tucked in the sheets with the flourish and speed of a connoisseur. She was scheming away in her head, using something as trifling as an untucked sheet to get closer to the Abbé. Abbé, despite his polite smile, was flaming inside. His eyes travelled all over Maddie, almost adopting a mind of their own. His pulse quickened and he felt the same old arousal cascade through his body. It was different this time- he wasn't fantasising that Maddie was this close to him- she actually was. He had to stop himself from pulling to her to him and kissing her, years of coercion making his groin ache and lips burn. *Please God let me have the control...* Before the Abbé felt that he would explode, Maddie straightened up and grinned. 'There you go. Much better.' The Abbé smiled and nodded, practically devoid of his voice. Maddie brushed a wayward lock of dark brown hair from her face and made her way to the door, peeking around it just before she closed it. 'Goodnight.' Madeline shut the door behind her and bit her lip. She knew how he had felt when she leant over him like that. Just as she turned to tiptoe back to her room, a voice pierced the air. 'Late night visit to the resident priest, hmm?' Madeline spun around in horror. There, lurking in the shadows, was the Marquis, a sickening leer smeared over his face. He shook his head. 'Oh dear, virginal Maddie...what were you doing?' A deep flush crept over Madeline's face like ivy. She grasped at her skirts. 'It's not what it seems Marquis. Give your sordid little mind a rest.' Madeline turned to walk away, heart thumping with her footsteps. The Marquis caught up with her, speeding up so that he could obstruct her path. He placed a casual arm on her doorframe and leant on it. 'I can see it in you Maddie. You touched him.' In one swift movement, the Marquis snaked his hand around Madeline's neck and pulled her up against him, his lips planted on hers. Madeline writhed under his grasp, but he was too strong. Her lips ground against her teeth and she squeezed her eyes shut. Finally, the Marquis pulled away. He made a show of licking his lips. 'Hmm, didn't kiss him....I can tell. But who needs to kiss to fuck?' Madeline gasped in fury. 'How dare you accuse me of such a thing! My relationship with Abbé is strictly platonic.' Madeline struggled to keep her voice less than a loud whisper. If Abbé were to overhear, she would die. The Marquis finally turned his back to her and sneered over his shoulder. 'And what is platonic? Latin for a laundry lass servicing a man of God?' Before Madeline could retort, the Marquis was back in his quarters. Madeline shut her eyes and groaned. She made her way back into bed and contemplated her actions. Back in his quarters, the Marquis seethed in anger. He whipped a quill from his pot and began to hastily scrawl out words on his paper. He knew how Maddie felt about Abbé, and this was his sole inspiration for his new story. He stopped suddenly, and looked straight ahead. His eyes sparkled with vitality and knowledge. *I could ruin lives...but I always think a tragedy is so much better.* He was prepared to mould and shape those around him to his approval, and outrage the people of France with his most biographical novel yet...[Chapter 2] The new morning brought with it energising sunshine, cloudless blue skies and a Springlike zest to the air. The asylum seemed a little less grey; the small grassland surrounding it adorned with tiny jewels of dew. The inmates were yet to be awakened, still enveloped in quiet sleep. Despite all of this blissful serenity and peace, Abbé was laying in bed, green eyes full of adversity. His stare was fixated upon the wall, knowing that a small distance away, Madeline slept. He imagined her laying in her bed, body rising and swelling with the light rhythm of sleep, chestnut hair splayed on her pillow. His heart still raged with contradictory emotions, making his stomach sink and his head pound. He felt shameful for his human reactions and thoughts, but at the same time he couldn't help but revel in getting so close to what he wanted. He had dreamt about Madeline before, being with her. Even making love to her on one occasion. Secretly, deep within him, he knew that that was what he longed for. He couldn't fail to admit that each time Maddie graced his presence he felt a heat travel all the way through his body and a euphoric haze encompass him. A flittering smile grazed his lips. *She's probably dreaming right at this very moment.* In actual fact, Madeline was far from dreaming. Sleep avoided her for the remainder of the night, and she ended up practising her handwriting out of boredom until she could leave for her laundry duties. Down in the laundryroom, she routinely stirred at the sheets, her mind clearly elsewhere. Her brow was slightly furrowed and her skin was ashen, devoid of its usual rosy glow. Not even the heat of the water below her could flush her cheeks. Madeline tucked a stray curl behind her ear and glanced up. She wasn't alone. There, at the entrance of the room, stood the Abbé. Madeline drew in a sharp breath and jolted. \"Abbé! I thought I was alone.\" Concern was inscribed onto his face. His cassock made him look slim, girlish almost, swallowing him in black. \"I'm sorry if I startled you. I didn't mean to.\" Madeline forced a nervous smile onto her face. One thought sprang with worrying force into her mind. *He doesn't know about the Marquis...* \"Of course not. You come to see me for any special reason?\" Abbé seemed to be taken aback by her bluntness. It was a mere interpretation. Maddie hadn't meant to seem cold. It was just that she wanted to hide her anxiety about the Marquis from Abbé. She didn't want to worry him. Abbé clasped his hands in front of him and nodded his head. \"Not particularly. Just to wish you good day.\" Madeline stirred at the sheets and focussed her attention onto the job at hand. At the moment, she was too panicked and tense about last night's occurrences. \"Right, finished that lot. What do you want me to do now?\" A new voice broke the silence. Madeline sighed inwardly with relief, and Abbé was grateful to receive an opportunity to leave. Abbé turned to face the owner of the voice, and was somewhat surprised at what he saw. She wasn't much younger than Maddie, but the girl carried with her the confidence of someone much older. Her fair hair was scraped back into a plait, slender hands placed on her hips as she awaited Madeline's response. Her aquamarine eyes had a certain virility and life to them, a quality that Abbé had often noted in Maddie. At her feet, a basket full of linens. \"Ah Victoria, I don't believe you've met Abbé. Victoria, Abbé de Coulmier. Abbé, Victoria.\" Madeline tried to inject some buoyancy into her voice. Victoria gathered her skirts and shook Abbe's hand, clearly analysing him. Madeline noticed that he pulled away first. \"Are you new here Victoria? I don't believe I've seen you before.\" Victoria dusted herself off and straightened her skirts. \"Started last week.\" She turned to Madeline. \"What do you want me to do now? Clean some of those linens?\" Madeline went to nod, but she quickly stopped herself. *I cannot face the Marquis.* \"I'll let you continue collecting the linens from the nearest corridor.\" Victoria smiled and emptied her basket into the tub. When Madeline turned to watch her leave, the Abbé was gone. The Marquis was watching an execution going on in the yard outside. Executions always gave him inspiration, especially when they involved some aristocrat who should really know better. He drummed his garishly-decorated fingers on the table in front of him; his quill and paper at the ready. He was expecting Madeline any minute now, coming to collect his linens on her daily round. His story had come along quite well last night- twenty pages or so, each and every one saturated in eroticism and depravity. *Writing always seems to come so much easier when you know the characters.* The Marquis knew that nothing had happened last night between his Maddie and Abbé. But he enjoyed making up fables to fuel his stories. Maddie and Abbé just happened to be excellent templates. One day, he would get Abbé to succumb to the emotion that he created. It wouldn't be for a long time, though. He knew Abbé too well. *The boy is in need of-* The thump of the execution blade halted the Marquis' thoughts. He glanced out of the window and smirked as another criminal got their just desserts. As he leant back in his chair, a bird-like voice sang through the gap in his door. \"Your linens, please.\" The Marquis sat bolt upright. *That isn't Maddie!* He walked over to the door and peeped through the keyhole. She wasn't Maddie, but she was good as. *Virginal little lass...not yet corrupted...* The Marquis stooped down to the gap where the girl was crouching and smirked. \"Good morning, my dear.\" The girl jumped and whipped her hand to her chest. Shock filled her eyes and panic shifted onto her face. The Marquis almost...almost felt sorry for her. \"Oh my child. I didn't mean to make you jump. Just wanted to introduce myself.\" He watched as a shy, blossoming smile made its way onto the girl's face. She peeped through the slot and made eye contact with the Marquis. \"Well, hello. Can I have your linens please?\" The Marquis faked deep thought and raised his finger in the air. \"At a price.\" The girl evidently considered it. \"And what would that be?\" \"You tell me your name, I'll give you my linens.\" The girl sighed. Clearly, she was expecting something quite horrific. *Already she's scared of me and she hasn't read my work yet...quite an achievement.* \"My name's Victoria.\" The Marquis refrained from leering at her. He slid his hand through the gap in the door. Victoria, although hesitantly, took it and shook it retiringly. \"Glorious to meet you Victoria. The pleasure's all mine.\" He walked away from the door and gathered his linens, brain ticking energetically away. As she bundled the linens into her basket, Marquis could see a blush creep onto Victoria's cheeks. Despite this, she flashed him a grin and turned on her heel to continue down the corridor. As soon as she left, the Marquis dashed over to his desk and being to scrawl over the paper. He had new character to include into his story. The air was chill and a thin sliver of the moon had started to appear in the sky. Despite the settling calm that had began to envelop the surrounding grounds, Charenton was still buzzing. Earlier, a rat had scuttled across the laundrymaid's domain and caused all manner of chaos, only eased when a suitably irritated Royer-Collard stepped in and disposed of said animal. In truth, the only reason he had attended to their troubles was his own excitement at their squeals of fright, but in the end he looked quite the hero. Madeline had stepped in towards the end of the incident, seeing the other laundrymaids cowering in corners and hitching up their skirts. Shaking her head, she dropped her empty basket onto the floor and brushed her hair from her face. She had not seen the Marquis all day, and she knew that she would have to face him tomorrow. Victoria had done it today, and had not told Madeline of any misconduct, so that surely must have been a good sign. In all truth, the Marquis wasn't misbehaving. He wasn't threatening or intimidating anyone- in actual fact, he hadn't touched anyone. But his quill continued to dance over his dusted paper and his mind continued to tick. Flooded with contentment with his latest chapter, the Marquis clenched and unclenched his aching fingers. He rubbed absent mindedly at his hands, removing blotches and streaks of ink. *My little vignette is coming along quite nicely, even if I do say so myself.* Madeline had been racing through his mind whenever the quill made contact with the paper. Here she really lived. Her character was no longer virginal or virtuous, no longer had morals. In Marquis' mind, she was wretched, disgusting, ravenous. She offered herself to any man, a lowly whore with a blackened heart and burning lust. Of course, the Marquis considered such traits to be qualities. He had...tarnished the Abbé somewhat within the boundaries of his imagination. *A man of God! His thoughts would make the saints gasp for air and the angels weep...* A depraved sneer contorted the Marquis' features. Despite his joy at such a scandalous tale flowing from the quill, underneath his blood coursed through his veins with worrying force. Every time that he saw Abbé he imagined her with his Madeline, doing to her what he had wanted for an eternity. *She probably doesn't even know what it all involves...* Marquis hardly noticed that Charlotte had entered the room until she placed his tray on the table in front of him. She didn't even acknowledge him. \"Why thank you Charlotte.\" Charlotte turned, her miserable features repulsed by the Marquis. He smiled at her and raised his glass. \"Cheers, you miserable whore.\" Charlotte's eyes widened as she turned on her heel and stormed out. His ears expected the loud, corrosive slam of the door, but when it didn't come his eyes lifted to the doorway. There stood Victoria, a furtive expression on her flushed face. The Marquis took a sip from his wineglass and interlocked his fingers. \"Child, what on Earth are you doing here?\" Victoria scurried over to him, strands of blonde hair falling into her eyes. In one deft movement, she planted a small pouch onto his tray. She stood back, eyeing her masterpiece, hands clasped in front of her. The Marquis pulled at the strings that bound the pouch and fished inside. There, snug in the bottom, was a large emerald ring. The Marquis slipped it over his finger and held it up to the light. \"Do you like it?\" \"Oh but of course, dear. Where on Earth did you get this?\" Victoria glanced at the floor. \"It was my father's. It was just that I saw you wearing your other ring and thought that you might like another.\" \"Oh dear heart, you Father didn't only pass on sublime characteristics. He passes jewellery aswell.\" The Marquis drummed his newly decorated fingers on the table. \"How can I repay you?\" Victoria smiled and waved a nervously dismissive hand. \"You owe me nothing. It's a gift; I do not expect anything in return.\" *Accept the offer, child...* The Marquis pulled out a wedge of paper from under the current pile, a completed short story grasped between his fingers. With the other hand he pulled Victoria to him, sliding the paper into her own quivering grip. \"What is this?\" \"Bedtime reading. Now go and learn.\" Victoria's eyes skimmed over the pages, and one slender finger stopped in the centre of one of them. \"I do not wish to appear silly Marquis...\" *She called me by a name...oh my dear, you are progressing!* \"...but I do not understand some of these terms.\" He knew what she meant. A few of his lewder similes and metaphors had slipped into said story. \"They will come to you, dear, when you are ready.\" Victoria beamed at the Marquis and headed for the doorway. As she went to close the door, his voice penetrated the air. \"Oh, and by the way...the Abbé de Coulmier sends his love.\" \"He did?\" \"Yes child.\" De Sade flexed his fingers and glanced at them effeminately. \"He speaks very fairly of you...of your attributes.\" Victoria blushed a pretty pink and a finger wrapped itself in her hair. Her lips mouthed a silent 'goodnight.' Marquis laughed to himself. The girl would have to go to Confession tomorrow after reading his little chapter.[Chapter 3] The faint, white-yellow glow of candlelight seeped under the small gap underneath Victoria's quarters. She was normally asleep by now, but her current reading matter had her enthralled. Eyes not drinking in the text quickly enough, she licked a forefinger and hurriedly flipped to the next page. The story seemed to positively speak to her, encapturing her young questioning and innocence. \"To all the young maidens of the world, those not yet corrupted- fear not, for it seems that corruption is not merely a physical act. Far from it, my dear readers, as I am here to prove. Within your darling naivety and shameless curiosity, you may assume that the deflowering of maidens is the loss of their innocence. Nonsense! Corruption all starts in the mind, and here is an exquisite example of such occurrence…\" Victoria continued to read, eyes wide, ceasing only when she heard Michette stir. Michette was a rather precocious young laundry maid who also happened to share quarters with Victoria. Victoria had grown quite accustomed to Michette's usually noisy night-time frolics- sometimes with more than one man at a time. Michette opened one eye and attempted to sit up. \"Oi…what you doing up so late, little miss?\" Victoria blushed and attempted to hide the parchments, fingers trembling. \"Oh, er, nothing Michette. Just a little read before I go to sl…\" Michette was far too quick for Victoria. She snatched the parchments out of her hand, raising an eyebrow in surprise. Victoria drew the bedsheet up to her chin, almost trying to make herself disappear. Michette let out a dirty giggle from her side of the bed at her discovery of Victoria's venture into such lascivious prose. \"My my…awful rude, this is, for a youngster like yourself- better suited to me, I s'pose!\" Michette sat up haughtily in the fashion of a pianist settling in front of their beloved instrument. \"Never before had Monsieur Loisel seen such a desirable form upon such a youngster- surely she could not have been of more than fifteen winters,\" Michette winked at Victoria, aware of the girl's similarity to such age, \"but nonetheless, that did not stop him from appreciating her many talents, which included the most accommodating mouth…\" Michette collapsed into giggles, throwing the parchments back at Victoria. \"Honestly, not another fan of the Marquis. His ego shall be swelling soon…as well another part of his body if you 'pay' him for his stories.\" Embarrassment slowly fading, Victoria blew out the candle next to her and settled into bed, grabbing the parchments and placing them on the stone floor. \"What do you mean, paying for stories? You mean people give him money to write?\" Michette laughed at Victoria's naivety, lying back down onto the bed. \"Oh no no…much more physical payments. You know Maddie, don't you?\" Victoria nodded, wondering where this conversation was heading. Michette folded her arms over her chest and stared at the ceiling. \"Well, she used to always be in the Marquis' quarters- he's sweet on her- and sometimes I used to peep through the slot and see her paying 'im in kisses,\" Michette smirked, \"and maybe a grope.\" One of Victoria's hands flew up to cover her mouth, shocked by such revelations. \"Maddie? And the Marquis? My goodness…\" Michette jabbed Victoria in the shoulder, grinning playfully. \"Don't sound so shocked. I know you've been in there alone with him.\" Victoria went to defend herself, but instead silently closed her mouth. It was true. Michette jovially tapped Victoria's face, smiling wickedly. \"He's gonna like you. You got this lovely fair hair…kind of…pure looking, ain't you? He'll like you then. He likes 'em young. Now I'm gonna get some sleep, and so should you.\" Michette pulled the bedsheets up to her shoulders and burrowed under them. Victoria watched her for a moment, wondering how on Earth she knew about her and the Marquis. What was it that Madeline had told her? Ah yes, even the walls have eyes. Apparently she had been told that by some kind of doctor. It wouldn't surprise her. Taking one last wistful glance at the parchments that lay on the floor, Victoria closed her eyes. The Marquis had slept exceptionally well that night, which was unusual for him. His overactive imagination all too often kept him awake, but at least he managed to purge his demons onto paper. Usually, when Abbe rapped on his door to wake him, he was sat at a desk, scrawling his latest vignette with worrying vigour. Not today, however. The hurried knock at his door roused him from his slumber. Sitting up in his bed, the Marquis scowled at the door. After a moment's silence, another knock. \"Honestly, Abbe, must you rap until your knuckles bleed?\" The Marquis strode over to the door and dramatically swung it open, grinning falsely at Abbe. He watched with a wicked delight as the younger man's eyes averted away from him, for he was clad only in his nightwear. He beckoned the priest in, shutting the door behind him. \"Come come Abbe, no need to be embarrassed. I'm sure this nothing here you haven't seen before…unless of course, your vows apply to yourself.\" Abbe valiantly tried to ignore the Marquis' suggestion, but the desire to laugh tugged at the corner of his lips. The Marquis watched him closely, taking in every detail. Shame, such a virile man, full of endless potential, clad in such suffocating robes. Life was never fair. Sauntering over to his desk, his eyed the Abbe as he sat on the chaise lounge. He proved to be such a wondrous template for his story- him and Madeline both. Pushing two glasses forward, the Marquis leant over the desk and reached for a bottle of red wine. \"Care for a little something to quench your thirst, Abbe?\" The Abbe smiled politely at Marquis, shaking his head. \"Not for me Marquis- this is going to be quite a fleeting visit.\" The Abbe rose to his feet, straightening his cassock. The Marquis shrugged and poured himself a glass of wine, sucking his finger as he spilt a drop. \"Have you met the new chambermaid, Marquis?\" The Marquis' eyes brightened, a grin spreading across his face. \"Why yes, I have met our young Victoria. Comely little thing, isn't she?\" On the mention of the word 'comely,' Abbe threw a sharp look at Marquis, just imagining what was going on in that overactive imagination of his. He walked over to the desk, facing off opposite the Marquis, his palms flat on the table. \"Now, I don't want you saying- or doing- anything you shouldn't around her. She's the youngest here.\" The Marquis sipped at his wine, raising a quizzical eyebrow. Licking his lips, he set down his glass and drummed his fingers on the table. The Abbe gazed at his hand, noticing the extra ring upon it. \"Where did you get that ring?\" \"Strangely enough, Cherub, our darling Victoria brought me this in the quiet of last night. Quite a gem, isn't she?\" The smirk upon the Marquis' lips angered Abbe somewhat. Hopefully he wouldn't sink his fangs into someone quite so naïve as Victoria. \"I'll have to inform her of the visiting rules before long. I'll excuse her this time.\" *I would have flogged her sorry arse myself* \"You do that, pumpkin. Until then I promise that I'll stay well away.\" The Marquis smiled sweetly and sat in his chair behind the desk, eyes glittering. He could still detect some sort of underlying disbelief in Abbe's face. He held his hands up as if surrendering. \"Abbe, do you really think of capable of anything really that bad?\" Umpteen nuances trailed behind his voice, and Abbe could pick up on virtually every one. \"Until then- no visitors.\" The Abbe smiled cordially and walked out of the Marquis' room. Shaking his head, the Marquis pulled out his work in progress and jotted down a couple more sentences. Quite dramatic, this one. *The Abbe of such asylum was a rather stiff man, rigid in his beliefs and also his body. He had a somewhat roving eye for the young lasses that wandered the corridors, aching for their physical downfall. And it was amazing, dear reader, how often he resisted such temptations, for ne'er before had such bountiful formations graced his presence.* \"Marquis…\" The Marquis jumped, startled by the sudden intrusion. However, he smothered his momentary slip in composure and grinned at Victoria, complete with flushed cheeks and parchments in hand. \"Good morning, coquette. Enjoy your read last night?\" Victoria nodded eagerly, stray strands of blonde hair falling in front of her eyes. Settling on the padded chair near the Marquis, she placed the parchments on his desk and laughed quietly to herself. The Marquis turned slowly to face her, silently observing every inch of her form. \"Very much. I learnt quite a lot.\" In one sudden movement, the Marquis lifted her chin and looked into her eyes. \"Ah yes, I can tell. Quite the enlightened one, aren't you?\" He brushed the hair out of her eyes and tapped her cheek lightly. \"There you go. Looking as virginal as ever, my dear.\" \"Marquis! What are you doing?\" The Marquis slowly raised his eyes to meet Madeline's, which was a direct contrast to Victoria's panicked rush to her feet. In her embarrassment, Victoria dashed out of the door, which was much to de Sade's chagrin. \"Now look what you made her do.\" The Marquis punctuated his sentence with a pointed smile. \"I was merely repaying her for a gift.\" Waggling his finger in front of Madeline, Marquis watched as slight surprise crossed her face. She leant forward to have a closer look, and the Marquis teasingly withdrew his hand. \"Tsk tsk, coquette, don't be so eager.\" Madeline smiled wryly. \"Well I'm not paying you to have a look.\" Turning on her heel, Madeline sauntered out of the quarters, fortunately not catching the scowl that contorted de Sade's features. He hadn't been 'paid' for his stories for a long time, and he was missing it- dearly. But of course, he saw a lot of potential in Victoria- her eagerness to read was far stronger than Madeline's had been at such an early stage in Charenton. Outside, in the cool corridor, Victoria was tagging after Abbe. \"I'm sorry, Abbe, I didn't know that I wasn't supposed to be in there…\" The Abbe stopped and placed a paternal hand on Victoria's shoulder, stopping her in her tracks. \"You weren't to know- that's more my fault than yours. But you have to be careful with the Marquis.\" \"Why is that?\" The Abbe searched his mind for some more choice adjectives than the ones that might just spring to mind. \"He can be quite…outlandish at times, Victoria. He's not the best company for one such as yourself to keep.\" As she watched Abbe walk away from her, she couldn't help but think of how intoxicating this all sounded. What could be so bad about the Marquis?[Chapter 4] The Abbe sat alone in the cold kitchen, pushing his cooling food around the plate with his fork. His appetite had escaped him, although a certain weakness plagued his bones due to the lack of food he had consumed that day. He propped his chin on his hand, eyes not really focussing upon anything. His conversation with the Marquis that morning had bothered- even unnerved- him. He didn't like the way de Sade was referring to Victoria, and Abbe was fully aware that the Marquis' reference to her was not too dissimilar from the way he regarded Madeline. Despite his disapproval, Abbe knew that Madeline had been alone with Marquis, and he was quite sure that some of the time she spent with him was less then wholesome. Nonetheless, Madeline was of age, unlike Victoria. She was only sixteen, and painfully naïve at that. Already she was bestowing gifts upon the Marquis, being seduced by his charm, his charisma- something which Abbe secretly yearned for. There was no denying that the Abbe de Coulmier was a physically fetching man, but to his dismay, his lack of sexual power and his daily attire restricted both him and those around him. One hand idly reached up to his neck to toy with the crucifix that hung about his throat, the metal cold and almost abrasive to the touch. \"Abbe?\" The Abbe started, jolting upon the summon of Madeline's voice. He tried to regain his composure and turned to her, smiling benevolently. \"Madeline…hello. Have you finished your laundry rounds already?\" Madeline shook her head, a smile quirking at her lips. She skirted the kitchen, hoping to find some food that she could eat before starting back onto her rounds. Satisfied at her findings, she settled opposite the Abbe at the kitchen table and sipped at some water. \"Not yet. But I've only a bit more to do and them I'm finished. Just thought I'd get something to eat before I started off again.\" She bit into her food, before looking up and seeing the thoughtfulness upon Coulmier's face. Chewing slowly, Madeline frowned and swallowed. \"Something on your mind?\" Abbe set down his glass and let his fingers encircle the stem, clearly agitated about something. His eyes always gave him away, and at that very moment they were positively blazing with unresolved thoughts. \"Maddie…Maddie, do you feel safe with the Marquis?\" There was a heavy tone of questioning lingering in his voice, one eyebrow slightly raised in uncertainty. He refrained from looking directly at her, as if he was not anticipating her answer. Madeline peered furtively over her glass and gathered words in her head, hoping to phrase them to Coulmier's approval. \"Yes, of course. Forgets himself at times, but then again that's hardly a regular occurrence.\" She feigned innocence, her voice lilting slightly. \"Why do you ask?\" Abbe moved closer to her, his voice hushed. Madeline was all ears, but was trying her hardest not to show it. She knew that Abbe was aware of her 'visits' to the Marquis, but she always felt that if he were to know more than what was necessary he might just find out who the Marquis' dedicated smuggler was. \"He's taken quite a shine to the new chambermaid, and that worries me. She is only young, and doesn't need to be accessing the Marquis' prose, or even his insidious suggestions.\" There was a nuance in Abbe's voice that seemed to be aimed at Madeline; subliminal messaging that wasn't actually turning out to be that subtle. Madeline stood up and picked up both her and Abbe's glasses, refilling them with water from a jug on a nearby table. \"Victoria? I'm sure she'll have forgotten him in a couple of days. Her fascination is merely that- fascination. She does not love him, so there's no need to worry. Anyhow, I'm sure that the Marquis would not take advantage of such a young girl.\" Coulmier laughed bitterly to himself, rolling his eyes in a laughably adolescent style. \"Oh, I wouldn't put it past him. We all know what he did to that prostitute, and she was no more than Victoria's age. In fact, she may have been younger.\" Madeline raised her eyebrows and placed the glasses back onto the table, resuming her sitting position. Worry had begun to gnaw at her mind, and subconsciously Madeline raised her hand to the back of her neck. She had been trying to avoid being with the Marquis on her own recently, and if Abbe were to stop Victoria seeing him, then he would look elsewhere. And somehow, Madeline couldn't see him accepting a visit from Charlotte. \"That was in the past. And I think that as a man of God, you might find it in your heart to forgive such indiscretions. And also, even stopping Victoria will urge her to do quite the opposite. I was sixteen once- I know what it's like.\" Smiling despite himself, Abbe peered inquisitively at Madeline and shook his head slowly. \"Somehow, I cannot envisage you as being sixteen. Were you different? I'd like to know.\" There was a distinct coyness in Abbe's question, and it made Madeline smile. His genuine curiosity and overall naïve charm intrigued her. \"Well, I didn't know half as much as I do now, hadn't seen anything. My father was still alive then, although to be quite honest I never really knew him that well anyway.\" She paused, fiddling with her cutlery. \"And you? What were you like?\" \"I was in the monastery then,\" Abbe mused, \"still a young boy, I suppose. When you're in such a place, the world is hidden away from you, boxed away until the day you leave and then it is presented in all its…glory,\" he laughed. \"I'm glad I came here, however, despite my concerns.\" He nodded his head to himself, smiling at Madeline. \"I'm worried over nothing, aren't I?\" \"Yes, yes you are. Now I have to get back to my round. I shall speak to you later.\" The Abbe de Coulmier watched Madeline leave, sighing before continuing on with his meal. Victoria lay in bed that afternoon, a fever gripping her young body. She dressed in a thin cotton nightgown, and her body wrestled with hot and cold flushes. One minute she wrapped herself tightly in her blanket, the next she was kicking it off in feverish frustration. Michette would occasionally pass by and bring her something to drink, but until then she was left alone. A light, hazy sleep had drifted upon her, so when her chamber door opened it woke Victoria. She spoke automatically, her voice feeble and cracked. \"It's alright Michette, I'm not thirsty.\" \"I'm not here to bring you water, I'm here to ask you something,\" chirped Michette, eyes sparkling. Pulling back the sheet, Michette grasped Victoria's elbow and hauled her out of the bed. Victoria coughed suddenly, the movement aggravating her lungs. She stumbled over her own feet, rubbing blearily at her eyes. Michette's face was the picture of excitement and scandal. \"The Marquis has asked to see you- on your own. I told him you weren't well and he wants to offer you some…medicine.\" The pause in Michette's sentence unnerved Victoria, but she allowed her to push her out of the door nonetheless. \"But what about my clothes? I'm not properly dre…\" the door slammed shut in her face. Wrapping her arms about her to generate some warmth, Victoria padded down the corridor to the Marquis' cell. The Marquis had been quite bored that afternoon. His inspiration was rather low, and the day had only been meagrely brightened by a visit from Michette. She had mentioned that Victoria wasn't feeling quite so well, and this intrigued him. He assured Michette that he had quite the tonic for her ailment, and could she send her along as soon as possible, please? He had been sitting at his desk when her heard the ginger rap at his quarter door. A cat like smile spread across his face, and summoning all of the aristocratic class he had into his voice, the Marquis called out: \"Come in child, you have a key.\"[Chapter 5] Doctor Royer-Collard extinguished his candle between thumb and forefinger and sighed loudly as he lay back on his bed. His steely eyes scanned the modest, yet comfortable room that he had been accommodated to, and a small snarl of disgust curled his lips. He had only been at Charenton a while, but already he was beginning to tire of the place. The inmates that childishly rambled during the day and moaned at night grated on his nerves, and the sickeningly naïve Abbe de Coulmier infuriated him. He was too kind with the inmates, too gentle. No-one would ever purge their demons by painting. Despite his insistent summons, sleep escaped Royer-Collard. Anger always kept him awake, and with astute decisiveness he rose from his bed and quickly dressed, preening himself in the mirror to perfection. Sweeping his cloak about him, and seizing his hat and cane, he opened his door and prepared to visit his previous home for the night. When he heard the quiet knock on his door, the Marquis uncurled from his sitting position and stood at his desk, two glasses of wine ready poured in front of him. He relished in the sound of the key unlocking the door, the slight creak as it opened. A knowing smile highlighted his features, and he held out one of the glasses to Victoria. She must have been quite ill, for her skin was positively ashen. Her hair was tousled with sleep, her whole image tainted with the inevitable scruffiness of the sick. \"My dear, I *am* sorry to hear of your illness. Come, sit down, you look as though you are about to faint.\" The Marquis beckoned towards a chair situated next to his own, and both he and Victoria took a seat. She took the wineglass from de Sade, and took one ginger sip before taking a larger swallow. All the time, the Marquis watched her, silently rejoicing in her gullibility. \"I heard you had a medicine for me.\" Victoria's voice was thick with fatigue. The Marquis set down his glass and nodded, shifting his chair closer to Victoria. \"Yes, yes. This brandywine is actually quite an efficient medicine, although it is not the one I have planned.\" One of his arms encircled her shoulders, the other hand gesturing towards his shelf that was cluttered with his overly graphic statues. \"You see these figurines, coquette? Do you ever wonder what they symbolise?\" Victoria peered over her wine glass with wide eyes, slightly uneasy with the way the Marquis could see right through her. She had previously pondered over the ornaments, their positions, and their anatomy. She took another swig from her glass and then set it down on the desk in front of her. \"Sometimes. I've not had much…experience to base it all upon anyway. Never been in men's company before, really.\" The wine had already begun to loosen Victoria's tongue, much to the Marquis' delight. The hand that was draped oh so casually over her shoulder inched closer to her chest, flimsily covered by her cotton nightgown. \"Well, there's no time like the present, is there? How old are you, dearest? Sixteen?\" Victoria nodded, a small frown knitting her eyebrows. \"Why do you ask?\" A distinct brazenness tinged her voice, and the Marquis used it as an opportunity to move even closer to her. \"Just my curiosity getting the better of me, sweetpea. Now, I am going to ask you quite a favour.\" He pressed his lips against her ear, whispering conspiratorially. \"You know Madeline and Abbe, don't you? Just nod for yes.\" Victoria nodded, the movement almost involuntarily due to the wine's effect. \"Now, I am writing a new story- one quite to your liking- and I am using them as…templates. I want you to 'watch' them for me. Just for my own inspiration. Do you understand, Victoria?\" Again, she nodded, except this time there was a spark of comprehension in her eyes. \"You're asking me to spy?\" The Marquis widened his eyes in faux shock, the slightest twitch of a smile lifting his lips. \"No no no, of course not dearest, I just find our beloved darlings utterly inspiring.\" He gestured toward the stack of parchments upon his desk, a glass vase exploding with quills. \"And unfortunately, my little story isn't running quite so smoothly as planned. So I thought that the goings-on within Charenton may fuel my…quill, yes?\" He leant back in his chair, crossing his hands behind his head, forming a makeshift pillow. \"You must leave me now, for I'm sure that Valcour's suspicions will be more than aroused, and I want you to start your little observations as soon as possible. Charenton does come alive at night, after all.\" Victoria, surprised by the sudden break in contact, rose unsteadily to her feet, her head swimming with fever and tipsiness. \"As long as I won't get into any trouble,\" she murmured, trudging to the Marquis' door and shutting it behind her. He smiled wickedly, digging his nails into an unpeeled orange upon his table. \"Trouble? I hope you shall enjoy it,\" he mused, excitement already beginning to stir in his stomach. Madeline sighed as she uncovered more bleached linens to fold, the flickering flame that provided the light in the room accentuating the dark, tired hollows under her eyes. Upon her sigh, Charlotte cast her ever-meddlesome eye over Madeline. In truth, she was jealous of the younger maid- her vibrant, youthful sensuality, the admiring looks she would get from the guards as she walked down the corridor, laundry basket on her hip. Tutting loudly, she raised her voice for the other maids to hear. \"Tired, Maddie? Too many late nights, I think. Who's your chosen bedmate, then? Anyone we know?\" There was an underlying slyness to her voice. Charlotte had seen the lingering gazes that were often shared between the Abbe and Madeline, and felt that familiar pang of bitterness and jealousy. Madeline was unprepared for her interrogation, and blinked as she raised her head in Charlotte's direction. \"Why are you so interested in my supposed love life? Always thought you were a bit fanciful, Charlotte, but I never thought you'd turn your gaze to *me*.\" Michette made no effort to smother her giggle, and a flaming blush appeared on Charlotte's sallow cheeks. Other maids in the room made their amusement less known, and Madeline was not to know that her retort would provoke Charlotte to her next statement. \"I'm sure that I wouldn't be entirely inaccurate if I could guess who you wish it was, Madeline.\" An infuriating smirk contorted her bitter features. She raised her voice to an even greater volume. \"I bet it's our beloved Abbe de Coulmier.\" Madeline trembled slightly, but she shoved her hands back in the linens and scowled at Charlotte. \"Such whimsical accusations, Charlotte. Please keep your overactive imagination to yourself.\" With that, she hurriedly folded the last few linens and quickly walked out of the laundryroom, hoping that her embarrassment wasn't too evident. In her haste, she didn't notice the two figures lurking in the darkness. Doctor Royer-Collard smiled satisfactorily to himself, and Victoria quickly made her way back to the Marquis' cell.[Chapter 6] The Chapel was one of the Abbe de Coulmier's favourite haunts. Its blackened quietness and smoky intimacy never failed to soothe him, the dying shafts of sunlight trickling through the glorious stain-glassed windows, casting delicate shades of red and blue onto the stone floor. The air was heavy with incense, a small tendril of smoke curling into the air before disappearing, leaving behind a violet haze. The sky outside had succumbed to the sapphire-tinged clouds as they tumbled ahead, suffocating the sun in their insistent journey. Charenton was relatively quiet now- the inmates were eating, the staff doing odd jobs, and the building was at peace. Coulmier required tranquillity for his daily prayers. Normally they were interrupted by a wail or cry, or more pleasantly so by Madeline. His dreams of her had become more frequent now, more vivid, the sensations they caused lingering on his body for far longer than usual. He would wake up with a bitter disappointment, his heart hammering in his chest, porcelain skin highlighted with a flush, and most infuriatingly, a nagging frustration that pumped through his blood and teased him that such occurrences were never likely to happen. He knelt before the altar, emerald eyes closed, slender fingers clasped loosely in prayer, a rosary dangling delicately over them. His lips moved as whispered prayers escaped them, thumbs rolling the wooden beads. The tiny cross quivered delicately in mid-air, the body of Christ moulded to it, Jesus' eyes lifted in a rictus of agony, mouth dangling open, scarlet rivulets streaming down his forehead, the side of his sunken face, ribs protruding with each ragged breath that He had taken. A sound drifted in from outside, a tinkling, delicate laugh, most definitely a girl. The Abbe de Coulmier didn't need to open his eyes to tell that it was Madeline. Setting down the rosary, and feeling the familiar tug at his heart, he folded his arms on the altar, resting his head upon them, and let his most vivid waking dreams embrace him. *\"The Doctor's chosen preference could only be described as immature, his penchant for those of an indecently underripe age the constant talk of his town. The villagers would always look for his new conquest, complete with her sunken chest and unbearably slender arms, and watch as he would indulge her with the finest gifts to compensate for the skills that he lacked in the bedroom. His technique was far from honed, for he was an obscenely late developer, not losing his inhibitions until at least of forty Winters. Still it seemed his fixation remained at adolescence, and each one of his childbrides was subjected to the most abominable of tortures…\"* A knock on his door interrupted the Marquis' thoughts. \"Psst- it's me. Can I come in?\" *Speak of the Devil,* mused de Sade, before rising to his feet and awaiting the girls' visit. He dusted off his clothes, momentarily rearranging his wig before standing boldly at his desk. If he was honest, he did not feel attracted to the girl in the slightest, for she possessed a naivety that bothered him. She lacked the sauciness and cheekiness that Madeline had, a trait that made him long for her with all his heart. And other important organs. He had missed her recently, and he knew that he was slowly losing her to the other person he loved as equally as much as her lovely self. And that pained him far more than any of the weapons of his imagination. \"Come in darling. I'm eager for some news.\" In truth, although the idea of the Abbe and Madeline together inflamed him beyond belief, he hoped that nothing would be there, for he could corrupt both of them, introduce them into the sensual world, as opposed to two eager amateurs fumbling nervously in the dark as both exhausting themselves in a frustratingly short space of time. He sighed heavily, sipping at his wine. Their time would come. The sound of the thick iron key turning in the door distracted Donatien's attentions, and he was grateful for the diversion. He smiled his catlike smile as Victoria entered the room, her body clearly exhausted but her eyes alive with scandal. She shut the door behind her, but in her haste it didn't quite close. The Marquis observed this with a careful eye. \"I can't stay long, Marquis, but I do have something to tell you,\" she proclaimed breathlessly, chest rising and falling tantalisingly with her anxiety, \"when I was in the laundry room, Charlotte said something to Madeline about lying with the Abbe, about inviting her back to his bed. Whether it's true or not is another matter, but still…it's an idea.\" De Sade smiled somewhat falsely, his heart aching. \"I've become a sentimental old fool, my peach. Things like this have started to affect my heart. Something has started to lighten my blackened soul!\" he proclaimed, flinging his arms up into the air. There was a slight madness about his actions that frightened the young girl. His façade was beginning to crumble, it seemed. She backed away, flashing a weak, watery smile. \"I-I hope you can put the ideas to use, for this spying business is harder than it looks. Good day, Marquis.\" Outside the door, Madeline LeClerc moved too quickly for either of them to realise that she had been listening. Her mouth was soft against his, supple and succulent, her pale and slender fingers twisting in his ebony hair and she pulled him down to her. Groans reverberated from his throat, half of longing and half of despair as he surrendered to her, losing himself in a storm of tangled limbs and frantic hands, smooth flesh and sighs and moans. Her body was writhing and curvaceous beneath him, his hands roaming over her, discovering places that he had only dreamed of. She was willing, losing herself too, eager to forget the repression that had been forced on them, the silken skin of her thighs tightening about him, long, shapely legs wrapped about him, urging him to do what he- nor she- had ever ventured to do before. The fingers of one of his hands raked through her gloriously long hair, pulling her head back slightly so he could mouth and suckle at her throat, his other hand interlocking with hers before reaching down to guide himself inside her, all sounds trapped in his throat at the wonder of it all. Their ids, finally unleashed, as they revelled in the intimacy, the passion, the spontaneity, sweat-bejewelled limbs entwining as all inhibition disappeared. As always, the Abbe's dream was interrupted, his heart racing like a kettle drum, perspiration beading his forehead, his pre-loosened shirt allowing cooler air to circulate around his, and a pulse between his thighs that drove him to distraction. The rap on the quarter door was quiet, but underlying it was a certain sense of urgency. Coulmier rose to his feet, wiping at his forehead with a clammy hand, straightening his cassock and hoping that he walk from the altar to the door would lessen his arousal. His footsteps echoed on the stone walls, the saints seeming to have closed their eyes in reverence of the priest's privacy. Even a follower of Christ deserved their dreams. The Abbe de Coulmier opened the heavy chapel door, his heart still leaping with delight when he saw Madeline standing there, blue eyes alight with fire. Despite his potent mental awakening, the Abbe still felt concern freeze the boiling blood in his veins. Subconsciously, he grasped the girls' hand, leading her into the chapel. \"Maddie? Is something the matter?\" His voice trembled slightly, although Coulmier was grateful for the occasion that could mask the fact that it was due to his fantasies still making him light-headed with lust. Madeline darted into the room, not removing her hand from the Abbe's. Her voice was clipped, and shaking. \"Victoria's been telling the Marquis that there's rumours going around,\" she stopped suddenly, seeing the urgent curiosity in the young priest's eyes, \"about *us*. Saying that there's a…romantic thing.\" Madeline bowed her head shyly away upon her final revelation, but one eye kept open for Coulmier's reaction. She watched as his handsome faced contorted in surprise. \"About us? This kind of talk could destroy us both, Madeline.\" Despite his ever vivid fantasies, it seemed that Coulmier still had a sense of logical work ethic about him. Madeline finally pulled her hand from his, much to Abbe's disappointment. \"I know. I just didn't want you to be the last to know. You know how quickly gossip flies around Charenton. Although we've nothing to feel guilty about…\" her voiced trailed off, tinged with what might interpreted as sadness. The Abbe watched her every movement, her eyes lowered, full lips slightly parted, tendrils of dark hair curling delicately at her shoulder. He felt his breath quicken momentarily, before swallowing loudly and composing himself. There was a long silence before Madeline spoke again. \"I think Royer-Collard is responsible.\" The Abbe stared at Madeline in bemusement, shards of confusion glittering in his eyes. \"Madeline…what on Earth? What in the name of God makes you think that?\" \"Well,\" she began to answer, \"he's never liked either of us from day one, and he's looking over the whole of Charenton, not just the inmates. And Victoria mentioned spying…so…\" Madeline stopped, voice full of uncertainty, waiting for the Abbe's comment regarding her suggestion. The silence was tangible, before Coulmier decided to speak. \"I'm at loss, Madeline. Both of our reputations are at stake, and people here can't seem to differentiate between reality and fantasy.\" He stopped speaking as soon as he felt Madeline's hand caress his own yet again. Struck dumb with wonderment, he gazed back at her with a mixture of emotions. \"I…\" \"Sssh,\" Madeline soothed, detecting Abbe's potent fright, \"we've nothing to be persecuted for.\" Deep in his heart, the Abbe longed for a reason to be condemned. ","Summary":" The asylum was silent apart from the soothing scratching of a quill over paper. The night outside w"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"la circunstancia","Author":"jer35mx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12844391","Passage":"[Chapter 1] en toda la región de la cantabria se escucho un restallido sobre las cabezas, pero por la misma configuración geográfica y geológica no se pudo constatar el punto de origen, en un vallecito se entrevisto a unos agricultores que narraron una masa grandisima que se desmorono en miles de pequeños colores grises y muchos reflejos, pero al ir a grabar había como tela y plástico quemado sobre un terreno arado, un ligero sonido de los tractores hacia el oriente, varios ondulaciones debajo de los pastos y caminos y que terminaban en un cráter de grandes dimensiones; inés se acerca el ventilador de mano hacia su cara, piensa *que calor, y nada de viento*, pero dice \"pedrete, ¿ya tenemos conexión de la cámara de internet?\", el técnico del equipo pone una mueca de amargura y contesta \"¿tenemos el enlace de saté….\", de pronto para de hablar y se voltea y se dirige hacia la van, inés camina despacio pensando *ya era tiempo, esto siempre es buena señal*, y alcanza a pedro en el vehículo donde este esta viendo dígitos y le enseña a inés el puño derecho con el pulgar hacia arriba, voltea hacia ella cargando la cámara en el hombro izquierdo y encendiéndola observa con sus ojos los leds, le dice a inés \"bien, la informática y la técnica ya esta, ahora ¿Dónde?\", e inés voltea y saca un micrófono y le enseña el dedo índice contrayéndolo y extendiéndolo mientras ella camina metiéndose entre las matas y rastrojos, se detiene y encuadra el alto borde del cráter, y volteándose dice \"aquí, toma de la cara, con el cráter de fondo\", pedro alista su ojo y se acerca la cámara diciendo \"ale inés\", inés dice \"aquí inés cardenal, esta usted en ,ha habido observación en esta región de nuestra España de contactos y caída de asteroides como en tunguska en Siberia Rusia hace 150 años reportados este fin de semana\", inés retrocede unos pasos y voltea a ver uno de los bordos que daba una curva o giro y se alejaba, inés continua \"ahora, esto es lo que nos parece extraño, son una serie de bordos que salen del cráter y después de unas decenas de metros toman dirección hacia nuestra derecha, hacia occidente,\", inés retrocede hacia el bordo y toca el polvo terronoso , y le hace la señal de corte a pedro diciendo \"pedrete, ¿no te parece demasiado fría esta tierra?, ¿como que la sacaron de debajo?\", pedro se aleja la cámara aún grabándola, típico toque de el, y le dice a inés \"pero como, ¿no fue hace 2 días?\". pero ines se acerca a el alejándose del bordo gritando \"ostias, allá, otro bordo que ...\", de repente se abre el suelo al borde de el nuevo bordo y se alza un geiser de tierra, unos segundos después reflejos como de arcoiris y movimientos de entre tentáculos y tubos, resuena un grito de inés al trastabiillar y caer, un segundo después pedro cae gritando \"!me han herido!, !me han herido!\", de pronto se torna todo en silencio, y un como pulpo adornado con argollas observa a inés.[Chapter 2] inés siente su una punzada en su pecho y por la fuerza del golpe caer hacia atrás todavía con el micrófono en la mano, su mirada abarca un cielo azul con algunas nubes y de pronto esa visión cambio a un pulpo estático que se alzaba sobre ella al parecer verificando si ella había muerto, de repente ese ser se estiro sobre 3 tentáculos y emitió un sonido como gruñido y cayo sobre ella, inés intento defenderse con las manos y golpeo con el micrófono, entonces inés sintió sobre su cuerpo algo que al pricipio confundió con otro ataque y suspiro pensando que era su fin, y volteo al tiempo que el ser se alejaba de ella tratando varias veces de entrar en el suelo o así lo creyó inés así porque en cuanto llego al bordo se alzo sobre sus tentáculos y se clavo como clavadista a la tierra, inés, tendida en el suelo, cerro los ojos, y vio una imagen de varios de esos seres que estaban detrás de un rail metálico con argollas de las cuales se tomaban como agarrándolas, pero noto que no se alzaban sino que parecían ajustar dentro de la argolla y de pronto su punto de visión varió y miro unos hombres rodeados de árboles y en la nieve algunos con escopetas y cuchillos, los vio por unos segundos y de pronto apareció una imagen de un cuchillo y ella misma sintió como se concentraba y sintió como toquecitos en la punta de sus dedos, de pronto inés sintió una punzada en su pecho e inés abrió los ojos viendo el cabello negro de una cabeza humana, ya sobre ella con el estrellado cielo nocturno, intento mover las manos y de pronto una cara humana le volteo a mirar, una cara preocupada que le dijo \"estoy intentando sacar el arma metálica con la que ese hombre la ataco, aguante un poco\", inés de pronto lloro musitando \"pedro\", después dijo \"pero, hay un error, señor, el ataque fue de un animal, ataco primero a pedro, mi compañero camarógrafo y técnico\", el hombre le voltea a ver, le dice \"a ver, agarre esto, subiendo los brazos\" y le dio su pin de identificación manchado de rojo y verde, inés es levantada y sentada por 2 brazos, y nota que es vendada, piensa, viendo su pin *verde, porque no negra, como los pulpos marinos* mira bien el objeto, continúa pensando *o como un robot aceitoso, no una planta*, pregunta \"¿hay una bolsa de plástico?\", el señor voltea y dice gritando \"chaval, traedle una bolsa\", inés observa un niño que llega a una troca y que rápidamente vuelve dándole una bolsa con cierre, inés guarda el objeto y le da la bolsa, inés duerme.[Chapter 3] *el cerebro dentro de la transportadora de un 16avo de su especie le comunica a su líder de expedición que el 3er planeta de sistema estelar masuntecleadordelonormal cumple con las características de ambiente atmosférico a un aproximado de u por ciento y el liquido sustentador de vida a un nivel vital básico y le muestra sus datos y conclusiones*, inés en ese momento piensa *osu, ¿como entiendo sus datos y no su ...?* y de repente una sensación de alegría y satisfacción al momento de que al checar lo mostrado entender que es posible vivir en ese planeta después de tanto tiempo en el espacio, *ordeno impulso para dirigirnos a ese planeta, calcular la reanimación para los otros*, ines piensa *¿es una especie ermitaña o que?, monstruos del espacio*, de pronto inés despierta y esta acostada en una cama, oye que alguien le pregunta \"¿se siente bien?\", inés contesta \"cansada y débil\", quien le pregunto, al parecer una enfermera, checa un liquido transparente y le pregunta a ines \"¿tiene alguna condición medica que reportar?, ¿alguna alergia?\", inés responde después de unos segundos \"quimioterapia, por un tratamiento de cancer\", la enfermera le dice \"quimio, bien, ¿podría esperar unos minutos?, alguien vendrá dentro de poco\", inés asiente y mira por la ventana, voltea y ve una revista que alguien dejo olvidada y que estaba abierta mostrando un mapa, inés se concentra y lee *museo del louvre, obra majestuosa, que en sus varios niveles ...*, es entonces cuando inés siente una sensación de certidumbre, ines cierra los ojos y duerme, *una salida de los líderes para estudiar el terreno*, una sensación de sorpresa y *¿no regreso uno?*, y en la mente de inés aparece una ventana y de repente una revista, de pronto comprende e inés abre los ojos asustada y piensa *¿ve a través mía?, ¿avisare o no?, porque si su nave era ese meteorito ...*, y trata de tomar la revista, pero no la alcanza, inés suspira, frustrada lee y mira, y relee y remira esas 2 hojas.[Chapter 4] las enfermeras discuten con 2 guardias civiles de la gendarmería, ellas insisten en que la paciente, la mujer sobreviviente del ataque, esta demasiado débil debido a la falta de sangre cuando les traen una hoja en una tablilla para que la enfermera jefe firme la recepción de sangre enviada de la ciudad, la enfermera exclama \"buen fin de semana, ese par de médicos deben estar viendo fútbol\" mientras toma la pluma de su bolsillo, sin levantar la vista pregunta \"¿muchachos?, ¿ya revisaron las cosas en el sitio?, ese par era de esos informáticos, estaban cerca de el aerolitazo de hace unos días\", levanta la vista y termina \"ahora, como ven, tenemos trabajo que hacer\", ella y las otras enfermeras dan la espalda a los guardias civiles y se alejan, la enfermera en jefe dando instrucciones. mientras inés recibe una transfución medica sanguínea, en un túnel obscuro que crecen y crecen, una mente percibe a su especie en el planeta extraño al 100% y deja de percibir a la de la especie nativa y ordena seguir y acabar con esa especie; en la zona donde perdió el contacto y le infiltraron la especie nativa se percibe una alteración de ondas trepidatorias y se ordena la reacción de investigar y matar si es que se topan con cualquier especie nativa; en otro sitio se reporta un contacto enfrentamiento con una especie de 4 patas y con cuernos, se reporta que ya fueron muertos. tiempo después. en una estepa unos mimics son observados sobre la superficie, los comandantes de las fuerzas conjuntas envían aviones tupolev con paracaidistas, agradeciendo a quien fuera que esos extraterrestres fueran vistos, la cobertura de helicópteros de exfabricas metalúrgicas que por su exceso de piezas o restos metálicas, enseñanza de los bravos polacos, ahorra reportados sin comunicaciones, salen y se alinean a 30 metros de altura y comienza el combate. ","Summary":" en toda la región de la cantabria se escucho un restallido sobre las cabezas, pero por la misma con"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Rebirth: On the edge of tommorow","Author":"boothnat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11137161","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I've heard that all good stories start from the beginning. So I suppose that mine should as well. It all began on our world, the one we know and love. The one we refer to as 'Earth'. The thing is, our Earth was unique. It wasn't just a planet in a sea of stars. It was the only planet in that sea of stars. Of course, we didn't know that when the mimics came. It took us much longer to understand. The mimics weren't just alien invaders. They were something more. You see, while our planet is the only one we will ever find in our sea of stars, there are many, many other seas out there. The multiverse theory, or the theory that there is a universe representing every single possibility to ever exist in all of space-time was right. I would know, I've been to quite a few of them. It all started in a world probably not unlike yours…. The invasion changed many things. Technological advancement began to go incredibly fast. In almost no time at all, we went from having soldiers utilizing pea shooters to soldiers using highly advanced exosuits. Going up against a mimic in anything other than an exosuit was suicide, and even with one, it took around three soldiers to gun down one of the monstrosities. Hell, even getting into an exosuit was nearly impossible for the average human. The human body just wasn't ready for the upgrades provided by the suits. The body had to be modified, fused with the suit. Few survived the process. Few were willing to take the risk. Slowly, the world became like something out of the books. First military service became compulsory. Then, if your name got picked out of a ballot, you became an exo-wielder. I was one of the unlucky bastards who got his name picked. Or lucky, depending on how you think about it. \"Thank god it's over.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"The procedure. It's over. We survived. We got lucky.\" I frowned. \"Yeah, but what makes you think we'll survive combat?\" \"Hey, it's better than dying in a lab. Think about it. Get killed in a lab, and you'll just be forgotten. Die a hero, defending the world from these things? That's the kinda thing that gets put in movies.\" He clearly hadn't ever seen combat. I chuckled, and started as I heard a gasp coming from one of the newly occupied seats. I looked over at the newly awakened guy… And noticed he looked exactly like that movie star from those movies I used to watch when I was a kid. He was freaking Tom Cruise, or at least a dead ringer for him. He was panicking. \"The hell? Where am I? Who are you? WHY AM I STRAPPED DOWN?\" I waited. Everyone behaved like this after surgery. I did five minutes ago. The other three to arrive had done the same thing so far. He wasn't the first, and he wasn't the last. It took him a minute to calm himself. After he seemed to no longer be in danger of having a panic attack, I reached over… And poked him. He stared at me. \"Hey.\" He just stared. \"Where you from?\" He shook his head. \"Hey, you gonna answe-\" \"No.\" He finally spoke.\"This is wrong. I didn't join here! I'm the PR guy! I'm not meant for combat!\" I stared at them, my eyebrows raised as high as they could go. \"Then why the hell can't I recognize you? Government officials are pretty well known around here.\" He stared at me, then slowly began to touch his face. He moved his palms across it, growing more nervous by the second. \"Man,I need a-\" \"LISTEN UP!\" The guy, who for now I shall call Tom Cruise, was somewhat rudely interrupted by a soldier boarding the VTOL. \"YOU PEOPLE ARE THE ONLY ONES FROM THIS SHIT-HOLE WHO SURVIVED! YOU MAY THINK THIS MAKES YOU SPECIAL, THAT THIS MAKES YOU STRONG, BUT IT DOSEN'T! THE ONLY FREAKING THING THIS PROVES, IS THAT THE REST OF THE PEOPLE HERE ARE FREAKING PUSSIES!\" I leaned over, and whispered- \"Notice how he dosen't have any augmentations.\" He was still panicking. Geez, what the hell was wrong with him? So, in order to reduce the level of panic in the room, I used my ultimate calm-the-fuck down ability. I tickled him. Unfortunately, he seemed to be rather tickle-resistant. On the plus side, he stopped panicking. On the minus side, he was looking at me like I was nuts. Hey, I wasn't the one panicking. As the massive M-14 VTOL Blackhawk(which obviously, was black) began to take off, I reflected on all the empty seats. Every single empty seat represented a person who had died. A person who failed the augmentation. A person who probably hadn't wanted to be there. There were ten seats in the VTOL, and of them, only four were occupied. It took the Blackhawk two hours to go from the place I called home to the mountains. While it was aided by booster checkpoints, those still some goddamn impressive speeds. We were being deployed somewhere in the country of India, in a place called 'North Bengal.' We were going to land in a village. Nobody remembered what it had once been called, and very few people particularly cared. The mimics and how to kill them were all that most people could really think of at the moment. The names of their victims were relatively….. unimportant. And now our trials would begin. We would have to get to the forward operating base, which was a few kilometers away from where we were. For you Americans, that's five or six miles. The massive craft, while quick and well armed, was ill equipped for the close, compact terrain found in this hilly region. Anti air flak was common, even this far from the front line. The soldier with us forced us out, and I finally got a good look at where we were. I could barely tell that there had once been a village here. Massive charred spots marked where there may have once been houses or shops. Here and there, a few lonely walls were visible. But the one sign that proved to us that people had once lived here were the bones. They coated the ground, near a particularly large structure that seemed relatively unharmed compared to the devastation around it. The people who once lived in this place hadn't just been slaughtered. They had been herded, then burned to death. There was nothing that needed to be said. There was nothing that could be said. There were mimics in the area, and we had to warn the forward operating base. So, in silence, we trudged on, surrounded by those we were too late to save.[Chapter 2] The soldier was all for an epic trudge to the forward operating base in order to warn everyone of the mimics in the area, until one of us reminded him that we had cell phones. I laughed in his face. Yeah, I was the one who reminded him. I would have continued laughing, until he pointed out that A. there is no bloody signal in the mountains, and B. pretty much any signals attract mimics. Well shit, we would know that if we were actually taught anything before being thrown into combat. So epic trudge it was then. We were walking. Walking with massive steep mountain on one side, and oh-so beautiful vista on the other. The village was already far behind. The vista may have been beautiful, with stunning mountains, high peaks, and all that stuff, but after a few miles, it got kinda monotonous. The \"beautiful wildlife\" was probably extinct by now, and no matter how beautiful plants may be, they still get boring after hours of walking around. So, obviously, I, the lazy, never-pays-attention guy, was completely ready for the mimic that popped up just as we were passing the ruins of a hut. What? You don't last a week without a suit without learning this stuff. The moment the mimic appeared, I was ready. Both grenade launcher and machine gun opened up on full auto while everyone else was still reeling. The damned thing had come out of the ground on a ledge just above the rocky path we were standing on. You see, the real reason it takes so many men to kill a mimic is because they're so fast, and they always surprise you. They aren't that durable. One shot from a grenade to center mass, or two grenades, is enough to kill them. The machine gun is useless except to make sure the damned thing is dead. I made a rookie mistake. I didn't prepare for more of them. As the creature was blown apart, two more appeared. One of them jumped Cruise I was reloading. There was nothing I could do. As the mimic dug its tendrils from his flesh with a horrid squelch, the fourth character who had been augmented jumped the mimic with, and you won't believe this, a sword . Now say what you want to about bringing knives to gun fights, but it was freaking effective. The black creature was cut in half, it's yellow glowy bits losing colour as it fell off of the path, Cruise still stuck in it's grasp…. Just as the other one jumped the girl who MUST have been that Rita character, and tore her in half. Literally. The soldier finally showed his true colours. He grabbed his sniper rifle and calmly put an anti materiel round through center mass before the mimic could even drop Rita's body parts. It was killed instantly. Of course, there was nothing I could do to prepare for what came next. A roar filled the air. A massive mimic, this one quadrapedal, tinged in blue rather than yellow, with tentacles sprouting out of it's neck, fell onto the path, crushing the one other enhanced guy, who had just gotten up. The blood splattered all over me. It was an alpha. In all the time we had been fighting these things, only three alphas had ever been sighted in battle. Each of these battles had been pivotal towards preventing occupation of large areas in Asia. Each of those battles had been lost. Not a single alpha had ever been killed in the field. And as it pounced upon the soldier, who had been disabled by some body part of the crushed guy flying into him, I knew that my time was nigh. And I also knew that if I died, I was going to die as awesomely as freaking possible. So as the alpha tore apart the guy, I leapt, put my grenade launcher against what passed for it's head, and, at point blank range, pulled the trigger. Dying feels a lot like waking up after dozing off in the VTOL. It feels exactly like that. I opened my eyes, and saw the dull, grey, metallic roof of the ship. I looked down and saw the same people who had died a few minutes ago. And determined that yeah, That was a freaking dream. I still kept my grenade launcher loaded though. I joked the whole way. All these forests and mountains got boring the first time, and weren't any more interesting the second time. That worried me. Why did I recognize the scenery? Why did I swear I could see a compact EM pulse sword hidden in the fourth person's exosuit? Why was that person's face covered by a hood? Idiot that I am, I assumed it was coincidence. Which meant I was so stunned by the appearance of the same mimic in the same spot that I got my head chopped off before I could react. Yep, It's official. Looks like I respawn. Holy hell. Of all the days for it to happen…. Most would expect me to experience some kind of existential crises, but really, I've gone to Australia. Not much fazes me now. So, as we touched down in that village for the third time, I used my glorious swag to convince the soldier to let us go via another route, because seriously, at this point, the other one is freaking boring. \"No.\" \"But why?\" \"This one is the quickest. The mimics may attack the forward operating base any day now. WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU DELAYING US? ARE YOU A TRAITOR? IS THAT THE KIND OF STUPID ASS-\" Y'know, shooting yourself in the head to escape that guys speeches is actually pretty effective when you know you can't die. Oh well, second time's the charm, right? \"Mate, there are no candy canes down the other route. I've checked.\" Guess I got that saying wrong. \"Yes I do love America. No, I will not let you go alone. You are not free, you have to follow orders.\" Eh, fourth usually works. \"Just because you can predict everything I say, can say it before I say it, and know that this guy is actually a PR specialist, it doesn't mean that you are secretly a time traveling , tie this guy up!\" \"WHY ARE YOU POINTING A GRENADE LAUNCHER AT M-\" \"You sir, are and idiot.\" Finally, approximately fifteen bajillion suicides later. I swear my tongue is turning silver. I finally managed to get the whole team, including the soldier, who's name I have learned is Liam Neeson, to agree that going via another route is safer due to extremely fake mimicology credentials, fake mimic tracks, Jesus, and America. Holy shit, that took a while. And now, walking away from that same village again, I decide that this path is, without question, just as boring as the other one.[Chapter 3] I take my last statement back. This path is even more boring than the other one. You may be wondering, how the hell is this guy not freaking the fuck out? Why is he so calm and collected? Why is he so awesome? The short answer, is that that is just how much of a badass I am. The real answer is that I cut out the thirty or so lives I spent experiencing an existential crisis, because even though I've died(for more realsies than here, but less realsies than a normal person) three times, I still can't write for shit. If I did tell you about that crisis, you would be bored. Anyway, with that out of the way, I must say, the path was even more fucking boring than the other one. The other one had stuff on the sides like trees and stuff. And a nice-ish view. This one was just plain boring. It went straight through two mountains, and was, without question, the safer, but slower, route. The mountains were way harder for the mimics to burrow through, but the other members of our little crew were complaining about how the FOB could be gone by the time we got there. All except Rita. In the whole trip she hadn't said a word. Not a single utterance had come from her. To me it was obvious she was up to something. She was even secluding herself by staying at the back of the group! So I sidled up to her, and said- \"So Rita, how ya doin?\" With the most sexy wink I could manage. Yeah, no matter how good I had gotten at talking in my attempts to convince Liam to go this way, my sexy skills still sucked. She stared at me then answered, \"We need to talk.\" \"Kay.\" She dragged me off down a goat path. Ooh looks like she took my wink to hear- She took out a silenced pistol and shot me in the head. RITA, DID YOU KNOW HOW MANY TIMES I HAD TO RETRY THAT SPEECH CHECK TO CONVINCE LIAM? After coming back to life, I learned swordfighting,(by fighting Rita, who has a backup sword, with her own sword) aiming,(by shooting Rita in the face a dozen times), and how to get the ROCKET LAUNCHER AND SNIPER RIFLE I HAD IN MY ARMOR WITHOUT EVEN KNOWING IT TO WORK. SERIOUSLY. IT WAS IN MY BODY, AND I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW IT EXISTED. Anyway, I came to the decision that before I went on the trip through the other route again, I was gonna steal Rita's backup sword. I had gotten pretty good at parrying, stabbing, jumping really high, and in general being a ninja after stealing Rita's sword. Anyway, my tries went really well! I got shot in the face one hundred and three times, stabbed in the heart(and face) fifteen times, and got kicked in the jewels more times than I could count. Seriously, that girl hates my jewels. Anyway, at long last, after grinding all that time to level up my pickpocketing, I finally got my hand on that sword AND managed to convince Liam in the same go. The reason I failed so many times is that Rita keeps her sword in the same general area of the ass. And as everyone knows, butts can sense nearby hands from around twenty centimeters away. ANYWAY, AFTER I FINALLY GOT ALL THAT STUFF DONE, we, at long last, were back on that boring- ass path. This time, I said nothing to Rita. Absolutely nothing. At this point in my existence I hated her with every fiber of my being. AND OF COURSE TOM CRUISE HAD TO TALK TO HER. OF COURSE. WHY NOT? I kept my eye on them. A very close eye. A very very- \"Dude, what are you doing?\" \"Shut up Cruise, she's evil.\" \"What?\" \"I know. Trust me, I know.\" \"Actually, she's kinda nic-\" \"EVIL! I HAVE FELLED BY HER HAND BEFORE!\" And of course she was stunned as hell. She stared at me in a whole new light. It was like she was surprised or something. \"Cruise, could you go for a moment?\" \"Alright then…. And thanks.\" I stared at her, then asked- \"Rita, are you going to shoot me in the face again?\" \"How many times have you lived through this?\" \"Oh, around two hundred.\" She stared at me like I was freaking bonkers. \"And you only got this far? You only made it to this point?\" \"Well, to be fair, I have infinite time. I would say learning how to use a badass sword is good usage of my infinite time.\" She frowned, rubbing her forehead as she walked. Yeah, she was giving me the what-the-fuck-were-you-thinking look. \"Listen. We have to get to Doctor Carter. He's at the forward operating base. He'll explain. But long story short, the thing that's making time reverse is called the omega. It does it whenever an alpha is killed. This way it can ensure that every single major battle is won flawlessly. However, it can get tricked. If you got some of an alpha's blood mixed in yours, the omega would think that you were alpha. You lose the talent if someone else's blood enters your bloodstream. It dilutes the alpha DNA too much. And eventually, it's going to realize that you aren't an alpha..\" \"Eh, I'm doing the best I can.\" \"No, you aren't.\" \"How the hell would you know?\" \"IT HAPPENED TO ME.\" She snarled in anger.\"How do you think I killed hundreds of mimics? No normal soldier would be able to do that. And so, we won Verdun. But really, the mimics made that happen to trick us into believing that an all out assault was viable.\" I stared at her, confused. \"What do you mean?\" \"All this compulsory enlistment bullshit, all the forced exosuits, it's for one final push. And when that push fails…\" \"We're fucked.\" \"So yeah, you have to convince everyone to cancel the thing we ruined our world for. Best of luck.\" Authors Note: Could anyone, anywhere, please comment? Or leave a review? Or do anything to point out how bad my story is? Pleaaaaaaaase? Criticism means a lot to me. .[Chapter 4] Yeah, that ended in less time than there used to be between explosions in a Michael Bay movie. Just as the word 'luck' left Rita's mouth, I got stabbed in the butt by a mimic. Really. No joke. The mimic sneaked up on me, and impaled me by putting a tentacle right up my- You get the idea. And as I sat in the dark interior of the VTOL, being yelled at by Liam, I wondered. Are mimics sentient? Is one of them secretly the crazed butt stabber? Why did I enjoy that so- \"IF YOU DON'T LEAVE THE VTOL RIGHT, FUCKING, NOW, I SWEAR TO GOD THAT I WILL SHOOT YOU!\" And I was like, pfft, naw, he would- And then I took two bullets. One where the sun don't shine, and one in the face. After I came back, I ensured he got as good as he gave. Rita stabbed me, and due to my acrobatics as I shot Liam, I was, once again, impaled through the butt. I don't know why, but I wanted to do that again. Just a little bit. I waited for them to get off, threw the pilot out, and took control of the VTOL. It hit a mountain in ten seconds flat. *SOME TIME LATER* \"Fine.\" I had convinced the pilot(again, for the fifty-third time) that flak was an illusion, and that I should pilot the VTOL. As he knew, I had flying experience from the Third World War(I didn't) and had over seven hundred sim- hours logged.(To be honest, I have no fucking idea what sim- hour is.) As I flew, dodging every single explosion like a friggin ninja(because this was the fifty-third time I was doing it) I had a little chat with the pilot. I learned that his name was Steve. He wore a red shirt under his pilot suit, and had a wife and kid back home. Yeah, if watching movies had taught me anything I was pretty sure that he was gonna die soon. Then, just as I crossed the point I had gotten past my best distance, I experienced a headache which hurt more than getting impaled through the butt by a mimic(which wasn't that distracting, since being impaled through the butt don't feel that bad) and heard voices about as loud as my average sexual partner.(Heh, kidding.I'm forever alone.)I lost control, and turned around to tell everyone how fucked we were, only to be stopped by a beautiful sight. Rita and Cage were making out. This blew my mind so much that I almost didn't notice that there was a hallucination of a giant blue thingy in front of my eyes. And then we died. Anyway, the next time, I kept turning around in order to ensure that I got a picture-perfect view of their inevitable banging(which would be right in front of Liam and Steve) so I didn't notice the voice in my head until after we crashed into more flak, at which point I realized that neither Liam nor Steve were so turned on by them making out that they would want all humans to die. So several kabillion tries later, I LEARNED THAT THAT WHOLE THINGS WAS A FUCKING WASTE OF TIME! WHOOP DEE DOO! OF COURSE, THAT DON'T MATTER, SINCE I HAVE ALL THE TIME IN THE UNIVERSE, EXCEPT SOMEHOW I DON'T! We were too freaking late. Everyone had left, as were informed by some bored exosuit repair guy. It was our bad luck that we wouldn't get to rack up any rad kills in operation MARKET GARDEN 2 ELECTRIC BOOGALOO. Rita was all devastated. Yeah, all the people who were drafted are, for all purposes, dead. Whoop-de-doo. I really couldn't care anymore. 'Rita, where's the science guy?' 'Whu-' Oh right, she doesn't know me yet. \"Me kill alpha. You tell me about science dude.\" \"Bu-\" \"You take me to him.\" \"…..Whatever, fine.\" She shuddered. \"Thousands are dead. For all purposes, we've lost.\" \"Eh\" I replied. \"We can still win the war.\" \"Kay, Cruise, cmon.\" Cruise was also confused, but he followed me pretty readily through the tarmac when he heard that Rita was coming too. Oh, and he was also pretty interested in my idea of saving the world. Back then, I hoped he wasn't expecting me to save via repopulation, because a threesome wasn't in the plan. However, I dare say that adding it in wouldn't be too 'hard'. So, after about half an hour, we reached a room hidden behind like, a dozen bookshelves, which made me wonder if a threesome was Rita's plan. Then we went into a bigger room, WHICH WAS FREAKING AWESOME. The walls were all made of metal. They looked freaking awesome. There was a holotable in the middle of the room. That too, was freaking awesome. There were glass tables. Awesome. There was a sciencey guy sitting on one of the awesome chairs. Not so awesome. Ask me how I realized he was a science guy, and I would answer he was wearing a bow tie. Boring guys dig bow ties. And so do doctors, but the only kind of interesting doctors are the ones whoa are actually police and/or murderers. I ignored him for five minutes, because, as everyone knows, it takes sciency types five minutes to get to the point. So you can imagine how surprised I was when I heard the words. \"That's it, any questions?\" Long story short, he repeated the whole thing. The basic gist of it was that the thingy doing the time turny stuff is called an Omega, and it turned back time whenever an Alpha dies. Apparently, it thought that I was an Alpha because some of its blood got in me. Cool. So since the Omega spawns mimics, it clearly has to be where they all come from, so, I announced, with a shit-eating grin on my face, \"I have a plan.\" I told them the plan. They didn't like it. THEY REALLY, REALLY DIDN'T LIKE IT. A/N-Pls review. Pls. Also, you need to be a registered user, or I can't reply to you. ","Summary":" I've heard that all good stories start from the beginning. So I suppose that mine should as well. I"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Trust","Author":"victorwonder","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10515055","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Cage time-looped repeatedly with the aim of aiding Rita get off that beach. Their route planned out in great detail, specific and precise always ended in disaster after another. Trial and error was inching them across too slowly. With so many variables to consider, the approach seemed an impossible task. We know they succeeded eventually as Cage and Rita made it to the farm house. So how did they succeed exactly? This story explores an ALTERNATIVE approach, an iterative interpretation (my version) of what was left 'off-camera' (film-wise) This one approach met with success, and was the one plan that Cage was glad to have devised as it turned out to be a very critical iteration, gleaming much information through the iterative process of time-looping, helping him to acquire and remember details, both personal and informative, that helped ensure their victory by the end of the film. I made Cage personally dubbed this as the J-FACTOR - LOL - Hmm, those notes seemed like a good prologue, oh well. Let's call this a missed opportunity. I will time-loop so you guys and gals don't remember these notes ever existed :D Chapter 1 \" No matter how carefully we plan, we'll never get off that beach. \" The words repeated in Cage's mind in a dream-like fashion, slowly fading away as he begun to regain consciousness. Cage had enough. Between the deaths from the Mimics on the battlefield and Rita's executions during their training sessions, Cage needed a break. He needed time to clear his thoughts. While his body readjusted itself with every time-reset, his mind was continually being overworked. Cage's physical state was always in top form at the beginning of each time-loop. His sustained injuries and fatigue always disappeared, always starting out fresh. His mind however, was a different story, always retaining every bit of information prior to his countless deaths. The time-loop did not allow his mind to relax for even a second. He decided it was time he took charge of his destiny. Once again, he awoke around familiar surroundings, rested upon piles of military duffel bags at Heathrow Airport, the military's designated F.O.B. or Forward Operating Base. He wasted no time jumping through the hoops of what had become his time-loop routine; timing movements, minimizing conversations and avoiding unnecessary confrontations. An hour after his initial introduction to J-Squad, Master Sergeant Farrell always led the group in their daily P.T. - a military acronym for Physical Training. Cage always used this opportunity to escape and separate from the group in order to find Rita, now fully aware of her location, just one of numerous information embedded in his memory acquired from his time-resets. Upon reaching the training facility, he found himself mentally psyching himself to be more assertive, to not allow Rita to sway every decision of their battle-plan, as he made his way to her location. As always, Rita was in the middle of training, always in that familiar position of intense concentration, which Cage had become so accustomed to by now. Cage approached the training block with confident strides, a plan playing through his head in how to speed up their re-introduction. Cage crossed the red-line that was marked on the floor with the words, 'do not cross.' Sidestepping and weaving his way towards Rita, he avoided the attacks of the robotic assailants that were used for combat training, their mechanical design mirroring the likeness of the Mimics, the alien threat the world was facing. Rita looked astounded and bewildered. She had never seen such defensive maneuvers being executed with such effortless precision. As Cage reached Rita, he held up his right hand towards her with his palm wide open, signaling for silence but Rita ignored his indicative intent. \"Who said ... \" Rita began as Cage interrupted her familiar dialogue by placing his index finger on her lips. Rita instinctively reacted, brushing Cage's hand away and looking very annoyed. \"Listen Rita,\" Cage casually addressed assertively, following up with a string of sentences. \"William Cage. I'm you at Verdun. You lost the power. Now I have it. You trained me. I'm ready. Your Jacket's left shoulder-cannon rotor gets jammed. Get Dr Carter to take a look at that. Tell him he's a genius. He loves that. Meet you both at the Hall of Justice in a couple of hours,\" Cage completed, winking at Rita. Upon seeing Cage's smile of amusement, Rita knew he was telling the truth. The smile was an indication to her that Cage also knew about the obvious goofiness of Dr Carter's codename for their usual meeting place, the Weapons Repair Room, where they privately discuss their crazy theories and plans, upon Carter's insistence, for secrecy. \"The Hall of Justice,\" Cage thought to himself as he smiled and recalled a particular time-repeat when he invited Dr Carter for a drink and became drinking buddies, talking about theories, time travel, life, superheroes, women and The Angel of Verdun, the latter topic being Cage's primary interest. As Cage's amused expression faded and replaced with seriousness, he started to leave with haste. \"Wait,\" Rita shouted. \"They know we're coming. Tomorrow is a slaughter. We can't get off that beach,\" Cage responded. \"We have to talk,\" Rita ordered. \"We will. Look, you took charge of your destiny at Verdun, allow me the chance to do the same,\" Cage replied as he started to leave. \"I need you to trust me,\" Cage shouted out as he continued his way out of the training block. Rita felt an aura of confidence within Cage, a familiar feeling she once had and could relate to, which reassured her. TO BE CONTINUED A/N: I've finished the next three chapters but I'm still proof-reading'em, trying to seal off plot holes and inconsistencies, which I realized had so many upon re-reads. I'll have'em up once I'm past my self-criticism stage. DISCLAIMER : I thought maybe I should add this because well, life in general can throw you a curve ball, even when you think you're just having fun and think you're not deliberately hurting anyone. The characters and story premise are not my original works. I saw the film, loved it and created a derivative interpretation with how I related to the characters, their motivations, their relationships and their actions, using the existing backdrop of the film's story premise. This film has a lot of opportunities for writing, stories that \"fill in the blanks,\" so to speak. I think it's a great fandom for fanfic authors for that reason alone. The term \"Hall of Justice\" is the fictional headquarters of the Super Friends, which has been incorporated into the DC Comics main shared universe as the new headquarters of the Justice League (according to wikipedia, which I am quoting, not plagiarizing :p) This disclaimer applies to this and all following chapters. And oh, what the hell, may as well apply it to my other two stories that been made publicly accessible here in FFNET because I'm lazy to edit. I'm just a normal person with a writer's itch who wants to write stories. Please don't sue me. I'm only rich in imagination.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 \" Battle is the great redeemer. It is the fiery crucible in which the only true heroes are forged. \" Master Sergeant Farrell's words echoed in Cage's thoughts. The speech had become very familiar to him. It seemed to be the only words he cared to remember the most every time they met for the first time whenever he time-looped. Training with Rita had given him a new appreciation for Sergeant Farrell's words of wisdom. He had come to respect the man, so different a view from when he had his very first encounter with Farrell that seemed so long ago now due to the repetitious longevity of his time-loops. Cage had gained an understanding of a soldier's mindset of dedication and duty, concepts that were once alien in his past life, prior to his inheritance of power and responsibility. Cage had come to accept his time-loop ability as both a gift and a curse. He had learnt to balance the two extremes in order to keep his sanity. As Cage made his way back to the barracks, he was intercepted by the very man he was trying to escape from earlier, Master Sergeant Farrell. The Sergeant had always displayed a pleasant disposition to the unwary, a tactic that has always served him well when dealing with new recruits but this time, he displayed an unfavorable mood, no such friendly pretense towards the now, familiarized recruit, Private William Cage. \"Where the hell have you been?\" Farrell asked, displeased. \"I'm sorry sir,\" Cage replied apologetically. \"I don't know what came over me. It won't happen again sir,\" Cage assured in earnest. Cage's numerous time-repeats had transformed his personality and battle competency for the better, influenced by Rita's noble and commanding presence. Rita's sense of honor and duty had made Cage assess his own moral compass and being around Rita had made him want to change his self-important priorities, constantly worrying about his self-preservation, always prioritizing his own needs over others. Cage stood rigidly straight, fists closed and hands straight by his side, an erected stance that attempted to display his respectful and disciplined attitude, showing an eager and willing focus that were expected with obedient behaviour. Cage wanted to prove to this man that he had been falsely accused, that Farrell's preconceived notions based on false information were misdirected, not deserving of such unpleasant criticism. Cage knew there was nothing he could do to change Farrell's mind but always tried nonetheless, an effort given but always in vain and this time was no different as Sergeant Farrell stared with confusion and uncertainty. Cage always rationalized the wrong that had been done to him, knowing full well that what brought him there in the first place was the result of his own wrong-doing. Cage prepared himself for the familiar question that was about to be asked, trying to formulate a new answer that would satisfy this strict, military disciplinarian. \"Are you playing with me, son?\" Farrell questioned. \"No sir!\" Cage answered out loud, affirming his words by shaking his head. The words felt empty and unremarkable, the only answer he could come up with time and again. \"There is no escaping your fate, Cage,\" Farrell shouted, drilling the words into Cage's mind. Cage couldn't help but smile at the irony of Sergeant Farrell's words. \"This is no laughing matter, soldier,\" Farrell continued. \"No sir! Great redeemer, fiery crucible, got it!\" Cage replied, repeating parts of Sergeant Farrell's earlier motivational speech in point form. \"We are fighting for our survival Cage, defending our very existence,\" Farrell lectured. \"You are one of us ...\" Farrell asserted, pausing mid-sentence. \"... God help us,\" Farrell continued with a sigh as he rolled his eyes, annoyed by the truth of his own statement, that Cage was indeed one of them. \"Permission to speak freely, sir?\" Cage respectfully asked, now respecting rank etiquette, wanting to speak his mind. \"Very well Private, let's hear it,\" Farrell responded, amused with curiosity. \"I am many things but a deserter, I am not sir,\" Cage stated. \"I wish I could make you understand but your mind is already made up,\" Cage continued. \"If through battle is the only way I can gain your trust, then so be it. Tomorrow can't come soon enough,\" Cage stated with bravado. \"You have a slick tongue, Cage,\" Farrell said with a mildly amused chuckle. \"As you were,\" Farrell ordered, ending their conversation. \"Let's see how that mouth of yours fares with your team-mates. Now get in there and join J-Squad,\" Farrell ordered harshly. Cage remembered the first time he was introduced to his team-mates. \" This here is Private Cage. Private Cage, J Squad, \" Cage recalled Farrell's team introduction. Farrell's words were more than just an introductory line. It also served as the beginning for Cage's road to deliverance and J Squad's delegated responsibility, a plan devised by Farrell to unite them as a cohesive fighting unit or at the very least, keep them busy long enough to keep them out of trouble until tomorrow's inevitable battle. Upon first impressions, J Squad looked like a bunch of degenerates or convicts, seemingly like they were the lowly members of the army, a real mismatch of personalities from all over the world. From the look of them, the idea of going into battle with these people were going to be very interesting; the possibilities of opposite extremes being the underestimated potential of such a group to cause chaos and destruction upon their extra-terrestrial foes, comparable to a gang of hoodlums creating havoc and mayhem within their so-called territories, or the group just becoming extra targets to keep the enemy distracted from the real heroes of the battlefield, unable to unify as a team and overcome their differences to balance each other's strengths and weaknesses. Whatever their path turned out to be, Cage did not have much of a choice. He was stuck with the team and it was time to face them. Cage knew he was in for a rough time as there was no talking his way out of this one. Explaining his situation would only make things worse, coming out as either a crazy person or a liar. Cage concentrated on his plan and focused on the task at hand, blocking out all distractions from his mind, searching for a place of tranquility. \" She has to believe me, \" he thought to himself as he relayed his plan in his mind. TO BE CONTINUED[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 \" Private Cage thinks he doesn't belong here. We must dissuade him of this delusion. \" Master Sergeant Farrell's intent was very clear the first time Cage heard those words spoken. Cage was here for one reason; to fulfill his military obligation. He was being given a second chance, one of redemption, but Cage did not see it that way. To him, he only saw injustice. False accusations against his name was made. 'Railroaded' was Cage's descriptive choice, the accusation being one of desertion; not fulfilling his contractual role by abandoning all responsibility, preferring self-preservation, which most, if not all in the military considered a cowardly act. Farrell had given J-Squad the task of keeping him in line. They were his support group. To all concerned, Cage was a man in denial and J-Squad was there to help him realize it, with Farrell giving them free rein in how to carry out the task. Every time Cage had to repeatedly find Rita, his team-mates, J-Squad, had always taken a back seat for the greater good. Everything he did that met with Farrell's disapproval always ricocheted towards the team in the form of military disciplinary punishment, usually in some form of extra physical activity such as push-ups or running laps, and for that reason on top of the false accusation of being a deserter was always met with unwelcome and aggressive tendencies from his team-mates. Cage made his way inside the barracks as he avoided Farrell's disapproving glare. As he neared the J-Squad sleeping quarters, he immediately stopped in his tracks. His team-mates had formed a wall, standing side-by-side, barricading the entrance to their room. Cage took a deep breath and walked on steadily, braving the disapproving stares and body language of his team-mates. As Cage made his way inside, the soldiers slowly parted to let him in as one of them closed the curtains behind him. The sound of the curtains sliding shut indicated to Cage that his team-mates now had privacy to be his judge, jury and executioner. Cage turned around to face them, staring each of them in the eyes. Cage knew what was about to happen. There was no convincing this bunch, at least not at this point in time. There was no plea option of either innocent or guilty. The verdict was always the same. GUILTY. And he knew the sentence that was going to follow; the punishment the group intended to use. Cage knew it wasn't to make him see the error of his ways. It was purely out of revenge to make the group feel in control - to let him know that he was the cause of how miserable J-Squad's day was turning out to be. Today, Cage decided let it play out, not to struggle and let the inevitable happen as he had a new plan in mind. \"Skinner ... Kimmel ... Griff ... Ford ... Kuntz ... Nance,\" Cage addressed each of them. \"All I wanna say is, I'm sorry,\" Cage stated apologetically. \"That's it! Okay, let's get this over with,\" Cage surrendered. Cage was bound and gagged for an entire hour before the group released him from the group-imposed punishment. He couldn't count the number of times he's had to go through this stage of his time-loops. The first time he struggled, he received an accidental, but painful bump on the head. The next was met with a timely head-butt that delayed his training with Rita. The following had him gagged with Kimmel's under shorts for saying something inappropriate about his mother, not an experience he ever want repeated, EVER. Every loop always led to something new, while avoiding words or actions on his part that could lead to something unpleasant that he has experienced in earlier time-loops. He was glad to have found one outcome that ended fairly uneventful and all he had to do was nothing. \"Okay Cage, J-Squad is scheduled for training in an hour. Don't pull a disappearing act again,\" Skinner barked. Cage knew Skinner had always disliked him from the first moment they met and Cage had learnt to stay on his good side in each subsequent time-loop. \"Look Cage, we're a team. There aint no 'I' in team,\" Nance advised. Cage looked at Nance with a smile. He had gotten to know her very well due to the time-repeats. He had gotten to know every member of J-Squad very well. Knowledge was the key to his new plan. He used every opportunity to engage each member of J-Squad to earn their trust and confide in him, using his time-loop experience to his advantage. He routinely singled out one team-mate at a time, learning as much as possible, before going off to train with Rita, honing his battle prowess, tolerating and enduring all the pain of broken bones and damaged muscles in order to gain the most experience and knowledge with each time-reset before Rita's decisive executions to repeat the day over again. His daily repeat routine had changed the day he decided to put his new strategy in motion; information gathering, battle training and finally, death. The sound of Rita's sidearm reloading and the imminent thunderous boom that followed always left Cage with that \" Oh Come'on \" feeling; a want to stay in the here and now for a bit longer, a desire to stay in the moment that much more, a need to be in Rita's memory for another extended second. The feeling of being forgotten had never become easier but at least now, he had a more focused perspective. The gunshot became synonymous with the sound of a starting pistol being fired such as those used in competitive racing events, a signal that indicated the race had begun, with Cage racing against time itself. At the present time, Cage had gained enough repeated experiences and had learnt much of J-Squad. He knew Nance liked him. Nance had hidden that part of herself very well. She always displayed very little interest, always nonchalant in her interactions, an act she performed very convincingly. Rarely did she show any action or behaviour that her team-mates could misinterpret as girlish under that gruff and outspoken exterior. She was always wary how she interacted with Cage, especially around the men, always self-conscious about showing any sign that could be misconstrued as girlish infatuation. The group started to leave the sleeping quarters. Nance delayed her departure, pretending to collect some personal items. Before leaving Cage's sight, Nance turned around and spoke while making sure the group was not within ear-shot. \"We're off to the mess hall, you're welcome to join us,\" Nance invited. \"Thanks, I think I'm gonna stay here for now. I'm not used to being tied up and gagged,\" Cage replied. \"Yeah, well, that's kinda your fault,\" Nance reasoned. \"Yep, I guess so. Look, I really am sorry,\" Cage said apologetically. \"Not thinkin' of runnin' again, are ya?\" Nance queried with suspicion. \"Nuh uh,\" Cage shook his head. Cage looked at Nance and sensed a little sympathy from her. Cage could never understand why since soldiers labelled as deserters and cowards were always given very little respect and never given any benefit of the doubt. \"Can I talk to you for a second?\" Cage asked Nance. \"I'm kinda hungry,\" Nance replied. \"I'm not a deserter but everyone believes it, which makes me the scum of the earth to them,\" Cage said. \"Yeah, well, aint really good for their health to be fightin' alongside someone not dependable,\" Nance replied. \"Yes, if it were true, but I swear to you, I'm not lying. I know there's a part of you that believes that,\" Cage pleaded. \"I don't know why but I know you do,\" Cage continued. Nance stared at Cage with uncertainty. Cage proceeded to convince Nance of his situation. Nance took one final glance out of their sleeping quarters before taking a seat opposite Cage. She listened and nodded in key with Cage's ramblings, feigning interest and soon, the two began to converse. As Cage kept talking however, her disinterest started to dwindle as her curiosity took over. She started to feel a connection with him, almost like they could have been friends in another life, maybe even more. How could he know so much about her? It intrigued and confused her. \"This is going to sound ridiculous but keep an open mind,\" Cage said. From Cage's point of view, he continued to relate the events that had happened already and that it will happen again in the same fashion. He revealed that he was repeating the same day over and over and that he has made many attempts at changing the outcomes of his future, and by extension, the future of Nance, J-Squad, Farrell, Carter, Rita and all of humanity. He proceeded to tell the story of how tomorrow's battle was going to turn out for the worst. Cage relayed every detail he knew about her and their team-mates. Nance could not believe what she was hearing. It was impossible. Nance fired question after question, trying to poke holes in Cage's story and most of the answers she heard were unerringly accurate and when Cage didn't know, were very convincingly reasoned, stating that there are an infinite number of questions yet unexplored, gaining more and more information with each subsequent time-reset. \"I need you to believe me,\" Cage pleaded. \"You have this inexplicable charm the others seem to respond to,\" Cage explained. \"Don't know whether to take that as a compliment,\" Nance responded in jest. Nance's joking reply made Cage smile as he rarely ever saw her display her wit and intelligence, a quality Nance rarely displayed and barely even noticed by the team. She covered her intelligent charm with her brutish and fouled mouthed charisma. For all its rare occurrence, Cage appreciated every second he saw a glimpse of Nance's true heart mingled in all her toughened persona. \"We can change our future, Nance\" Cage stated with optimism. Nance found herself caught in Cage's optimism and was distracted momentarily, deviating from the focus of the conversation. \"So? I'm just one of the guys huh?\" Nance remarked. \"Well, they think so,\" Cage jested, referring to their team-mates. \"But I know you better than most,\" Cage flirted unintentionally. Nance smiled at Cage's statement. \"Even if I can convince them, what makes you think they'll follow you?\" Nance questioned. \"They won't,\" Cage answered. \" But her, \" Cage thought to himself as he smiled at Nance, filled of hope. TO BE CONTINUED A/N: Dangnabbit, I wasn't planning on making a complicated story but this one seems to be heading in that direction LOL Side note: Free rein or free reign? I use rein, freedom to act on one's own authority, which I think derived from equestrian terminology. I tried reign on FFNET checker and it suggested/corrected to rein anyway :D Reign does make sense as well, I suppose. Freedom of control as opposed to restricted/limited control. Anyway, just thinking out loud or printing out my thoughts - literal accuracy FTW :p I hated that \"FTW\" acronym for a very long time but it's kinda grown on me, but I digress :)[Chapter 4] A/N: Just a little warning. If your profanity senses are tingling, it's probably because you're within close proximity of William Cage having \"one of those days\" :p Joking aside, ONE F-bomb was dropped in the story; added for a little dose of reality for our unwitting hero. I'm planning on using some unseemly words as the story progresses, and I'm just testing the waters at the moment, so to speak. Chapter 4 \" I think there's something wrong with your suit - there's a dead man in it! \" Cage suited up in his battle Jacket, an exoskeleton battle armor capable of enhancing the wearer's strength and agility, while boasting an amazing array of firepower. Griff was by his side, aiding him for battle readiness. Cage proceeded to check and recheck everything. He made sure he had everything he needed, being limited only by the capacity he could carry. He reacquainted himself with the suit's functionalities, ensured its powercells at maximum charge and tested its operational efficiency. He knew everything was in working order as nothing in this instance ever changed. This point in time remained the same as in previous time-loops, just one of those many unchanged status quo that didn't really warrant any direct intervention. Checking everything possible became an instinctive reaction every time he donned his suit, a routine that created an illusion of control which made him feel at ease - comfortable and relaxed. \"I take it you've been in one of these before?\" Griff queried in jest, impressed by Cage's proficient display. \"I've had time to practice,\" Cage replied, smiling at the understatement. \"Well, you 'seem' to know what you're doing,\" Griff returned, stating the obvious with a sense of humor. \"Don't worry, you'll get your chance to be with two girls at the same time,\" Cage joked. Griff stared at Cage with amusement, amazed by his ability to foretell the future, almost as if he was reading his mind. \"I guess I don't have to tell you where the safety is,\" Griff stated as he left Cage to assist his other team-mates. There was a time when Cage knew nothing about how to operate his Jacket, a time when he couldn't even figure out how to release its safety. Cage scanned the room, noting the expression on each of his team-mates. Cage noted the positive exchanges in J Squad's interactions, a slight variation of events unfolding as compared to previous time-repeats. At the same time, he also noticed familiar exchanges, now convinced was J Squad's inherent group personality, finding camaraderie in their dysfunction, remaining consistently predictable every time Cage time-looped. It seemed that as the old saying goes, the more things change, the more they stay the same. \"Oh for Christ's sake Kimmel,\" Nance complained. \"I gotta be free man,\" Kimmel retorted. Caged couldn't help but smile at their familiar exchange. For all the grim and dark roads that Cage had traveled upon, the temporary amusement he found in simple, inconsequential things helped to relax him, a small time-out from his stressful responsibility; a burden he inherited by chance and a burden he continued by choice due to Rita Vrataski's influential presence as he started to care for the well-being of others. Cage had no idea how far he had traveled through his metaphorical, infinite highway and the idea of his situation continuing on forever was taking a toll on his spirit, but always finding a reason to carry on, the biggest reason being the Angel of Verdun, Rita Vrataski, as he developed a closeness he never intended. The familiarity of J Squad's humorous dysfunction created levity in Cage's unusual situation, a distraction he fully embraced that helped to lessen the sense of hopelessness he felt at times. This time, he sensed progress, his hopefulness elevated. Everything seemed to be going as planned. Farrell ordered his troops to make their final checks. Cage looked at Nance with a stoic smile as he programmed his battle suit to extend out its shoulder armaments and take aim, a symbolic gesture to indicate that he is ready for the battle ahead. Nance made a similar gesture of readiness. \" Lock and load, \" Cage whispered in his mind as he detached his battle Jacket's support harness and stepped out of his armory station. He walked towards Nance, his pace steady and gaze lowered. \"I see you've had plenty of practice,\" Nance jested. \"This aint just showmanship y'know?\" Cage deadpanned, mimicking Nance's accent. \"I don't know about this,\" Nance replied, a tone of doubt lingering in her voice. \"Just remember, play along,\" Cage said. \"What? Then you pretend to save us?\" Nance mocked. \"I don't have to, we all die today Nance, we're here to change that. Trust me, I wish there was another way,\" Cage explained. \"You guys are gonna help me win him over,\" Cage stated with confidence. J Squad started organizing themselves in formation, ready to depart. The group steadily marched out and headed towards the dropship in waiting. J Squad entered the ship and attached their Jackets to the passenger cradles that lined the ship's cabin interior. As the ship's engines roared, the cabin started to shake. The sensation of being rocked by the vibrations of the dropship taking-off gave J Squad a sense of exhilaration and excitement. It gave them a sense of self-control, which helped to strengthen their bond as a team as they shared jokes and playful banter. It kept themselves distracted in order to help quell their nervousness and fear of the notion of facing a massive force of the alien invaders; a final confrontation to sway the tide of the war effort in humanity's favor. J Squad was about to take part in the first wave, soldiers who were chosen to take the brunt of the assault - the expendable front-line force, a necessary battle strategy for the large-scale conflict that was about to take place. Cage scanned the faces of his team-mates. They never made much of a good first impression to him but that all faded away as he started to get to know each of them and realized he belonged, a misfit amongst misfits. \"We are not cannon fodder,\" he spoke, his words drowned by the ambient sounds of the dropship in flight. His team-mates stared in confusion, unable to hear above all the surrounding noises but it didn't matter to him. He knew what he said and was determined to change their fate for the better. His team-mates were not returning home in body-bags. He, along with his team were all going to see this through to the end or die trying. As the dropship neared its destination, Farrell started a motivational pre-battle speech. Cage knew the dropship was going to explode any moment but this did not trouble him as he knew all of its crew and passengers were going to survive the crash landing. With each subsequent time-loop, he had found no way of preventing this event from occurring. At present, he made a conscious decision of accepting the next best solution, which was to let the ship crash. Farrell and J Squad always managed to land on the beach and fight on. As for the pilots, they always managed to eject themselves in time and chute down in relative safety, discovering upon previous time-repeats where they landed and that they only suffered minor injuries. \"Remember there is no courage without fear,\" Farrell yelled out. The rest of his speech went unnoticed, Cage focused on executing his plan. \"I think there's something wrong with your suit - there's a dead man in it,\" Skinner joked. \"Watch your back out there sir,\" Ford followed up. \"No one else will,\" Nance continued. Cage noticed a change in their demeanor respectively, upon hearing their familiar dialogue. Their words were not directed as ridicule but had an overtone of friendly jest. While their dialogue remained accurately familiar, his interaction with J Squad had changed the intent of their words. Cage had worked hard to gain their trust in such a short span of time and it seemed to have paid off. The ship was going to be hit at any moment and J Squad was on high-alert, readying themselves for the explosive impact. It was finally time to put their plan in motion. \"I'll see you all down there,\" Cage shouted out with an encouraging tone. The dropship was hit, a loud explosion bursting through the cabin. Farrell, startled momentarily, regained his composure, and started to order his troops to drop. The dropship swirled uncontrollably in the sky as J Squad released their cradle straps, dropping one by one down to the beach. \"I said drop Cage,\" Farrell ordered. \"Time for my baptism, sir,\" Cage shouted with final intent. Cage unstrapped and started falling, using a connective line to control his descent with ease, a skill he had learnt to master. Using the Jacket's strength-enhancing properties, Cage propelled himself in an upward arc as he neared the descent-line's length limit, reducing his acceleration momentarily. As he neared the ground, Cage positioned his legs downwards while programming the suit to adjust necessary systems for imminent impact. \"Brace support activated. Shock absorbers aligned at maximum efficiency,\" the Jacket's voice-prompt generated. \"Rock ...\" Cage started his battle-cry. Cage landed on the beach in an initial upright position, the force of his landing moving his body slowly into a crouching position. The battle Jacket's frame supported his fall and his personal armor cushioned his body from the impact; the armor lined with a special fabric that was engineered to be as light as a feather and as strong as steel, an implemented design specification Cage was thankful for. \"... and roll,\" Cage completed his battle-cry, as he positioned himself to roll under a Mimic that propelled itself into the air to attack Cage. Cage extended a bayonet that he earlier, personally attached to his Jacket's left arm, slicing the alien creature in half as he continued his rolling motion. Fully aware of his Jacket's combat capabilities and lack thereof in other areas, Cage managed to customize his grunt Jacket, the basic form of the exoskeleton armor that were assigned to new recruits. It helped to be acquainted with a weapons repair specialist in the form of Dr. Carter and took full advantage of his expertise. Cage was now armed to the teeth, a sight Farrell approved of, dismissing the thought of how it was accomplished, as Farrell knew this upcoming battle was going to be a brutal firefight and most likely a short-lived endeavor. Cage, along with his Angel, who was also retrofitted with personalized armaments, was ready, now more than ever. \"Come'on Rita,\" Cage whispered under his deep, tired breaths. \"Let's get off this fuckin' beach,\" he grumbled as he powered onwards, eager to find his girl. TO BE CONTINUED A/N: If you are confused and you think you have missed a chapter, you have not. This is intentional on my part and event skipping will hopefully keep the readers on their toes, so to speak, or should that be \"on their fingers?\" :p It worked for the movie, don't see any reason why it can't work for this story :) All will be unraveled soon ... ... erm ... hopefully LOL ","Summary":" A/N: Cage time-looped repeatedly with the aim of aiding Rita get off that beach. Their route planne"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Front Lines","Author":"Grachanin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10550312","Passage":"[Chapter 1] April 13, 2035 16:00 Hours I decided to put down the head cam. I blinked my eyes quickly to adjust to the light outside of a lens. It's been a long day. I had no idea that following these two to increase morale would be such a terrifying, yet exhilarating experience. Now that I'm with them, they're more human than just my project. Rita or the Angel of Death, as the Media now calls her thanks to me, is a lot more fascinating than I first assumed. She was good for increasing morale, but now she's become more to me. I can't help but also idolize her like the millions of viewers I broadcast her image to. She pushes harder, works faster, and rests less than all the other men and women. She's not drop-dead-gorgeous, but there is a surreal beauty to her. The scar that runs the length of her left cheek is more attractive than gruesome and her brown eyes are intense and thoughtful. Just yesterday I asked Rita what drives her to fight so hard. I was desperately hoping for a compelling answer about saving humanity, but she surprised me. Her response was simple. \"I fight for blue eyes and a big smile,\" she told me. Then she produced an engagement ring that was hidden under her gloved hand. She didn't tell me any more after that. I will admit, I was a little crushed to realize my idol was taken. Now Cage is an entirely different story. He has cold blue eyes and he's her fighting partner. The two are inseparable and move as a unit. I don't think she notices, but he spends most of his time looking out for her. Even now, while she's resting free of her gear, he's crouched protectively beside her. He's bandaged her wounds on more than one occasion and seems to have a fascination in how she fights. When I say fascination, I mean, I think there is something going on there. Cage is a scientist to some almost unsettling degree and he met Rita under some unconventional circumstances. From bits and pieces they've accidentally divulged, I think Cage may have cooked something up in a lab and administered it to Rita. She might be his very own little experiment. Cage's as fierce a fighter as Rita. He also possess a kind of charm especially when it comes to the opposite sex. Sometimes I find myself just fascinated by the way he explains battle maneuvers or the way he flirts. He's good about sneaking in a touch, too. I've even seen him sneak one in with Rita once or twice. It's a hand on Rita's back when they have a Press Conference or a gentle rub of the shoulder to reassure her. I wish I was as smooth as he is. Hell, I'm taking notes. But truly, at the end of the day, they are two comrades and there is a bond there that goes deeper than what two playful lovers might experience. It's that life and death bond that makes these two some of the best war propaganda I've encountered. As Rita shuts her eyes to nod off, Cage checks their messages via the touch screen panel on his suit that stands erect without him. I should say the suit is really his protective armor. Their armor is more of a cage. A cage equipped with guns, small rocket launchers, and complete with mechanical legs that give them added agility and height. It's also designed to carry repair tools for downed aircraft and first aid equipment. These are all stored into the sides of the titanium legs. A last chance addition allows the suit to be abandoned and detonated from a safe distance. This is a measure only allowed to be taken when the suit itself is beyond repair. They look like something straight out of a video game. Unfortunately, a soldier still has to do all their own fighting. The Military hopes to design a weapon that allows these incredible armored devices to be unmanned, but as of now, these are meat bag holders. As helpful as they are, they pose their own dangers. Because a soldier has to be strapped in pretty tight, it can be hard to escape if the armor is damaged or if a soldier falls into a body of water too deep. There are some booster packs built into the back of the armor, which helps a soldier to slow down their descent when jumping from a plane or to blast a soldier out of the water if they're sinking, but there's only enough juice in those things for three shots. Using it too soon can be a fatal error. I myself have never even sat in one of these things. They're incredibly expensive to make and as cruel as it sounds, are only given to the most elite soldiers. Elite beings those who have made ten kills or more and still have all their limbs intact. When a soldier is thrown into battle, they're eager to get those first ten killed as quickly as possible because, truth is, they have a lot better chance of surviving in that armor than on their own. The reality is the average number of kills a soldier makes before their demolished is about six. Wearing an armor machine like this instantly elevates your status and encourages soldiers around you that you've got their back. That's precisely what makes Rita and Cage so astounding. In a single battle, Rita and Cage both average about twelve kills and wound other opponents well enough that they're sure to expire in a few hours. An actual battle lasts not much longer than three hours. Within three hours, we're either extinguished and calling the retreat or the enemy is out of warriors in that battle zone. Our adversaries do not retreat, they simply fight until the last one is standing. I see Rita jolt awake. It's not uncommon for these two to lack the proper amount of sleep. They're wired too tightly. I'm even starting to feel the affects of the constant adrenaline high. Sleeping in No Species Land doesn't make fighting insomnia any better. No Species Land, another name coined by me. I know I did steal it from No Man's Land, but we couldn't reuse that name in 2035 while fighting an alien invasion. No Species Land is actually what used to be the border between the States and Canada. These days, we're pretty much One Nation with borders eradicated. It's an insane panic to keep our species alive and united. Most of Europe is lost. The first attack a few years ago resulted in us having to nuke Europe after transporting what people we could out of there. It was the only way to hold off the initial invasion. With the atomic bomb, they lost and so did we. People enlisted quickly after the first attack, but now drafts have been enforced. It's hard to get people to sign up for suicide. So, that's where I come in. It's my job to show the world that people like Rita and Cage exist and that anyone can do what they're doing. That our species is not doomed and we're capable of fighting back. A few years back few people actually watched the Media less with the news easily accessed by the Internet. Now days people are glued to the screen. We don't feature TV shows or movies any more. Just the ever eventful updates. Even Radio stations are on the rise again. There's also no distinction between race any more either. No one gives a second thought if you're White, African, Hispanic, or Chinese. We're all in this war together and people only care if you can fight. Guns, which were once taken away from the general populace in the name of peace, are being handed out like hot cakes. Everyone learns how to shoot and how our enemy works. Our leading scientist on the Outsiders is Alex Mooney. I've spent a lot of time featuring him behind the lens. I can't say I'm super pleased with the name he's come up with for the Alien race, but I guess I can't get the privilege of naming everything. Alex is a sharp guy and while his previous work mainly went unnoticed, he's now the guy calling the shots on how we oppose these things. He's actually spent a lot of time with Rita and Cage. He's taught them all he knows about the Outsiders and how best to fight them. He's also spent sometime studying Rita after some interesting conferences with Cage. Alex theorizes these Outsiders have a God Complex. In the decade of 2020 we've all but forgotten the idea of a god. Churches went out of style and schools have long stopped using God as the center piece of studies. Alex, along with some prestigious historians, is heavily pushing the belief that these beings have been here before based on the information from Ancient Civilizations. I know this is nothing we haven't thought of before, but it's more real now. Some people have started to believe that if we worship them and give into their radical domination, we can save our species. These are the people who have never been on the front lines and watched soldiers be demolished by the Outsiders' Jackals. We call them Jackals because they slightly resemble Anubis from Ancient Egypt. They're just ten times more deadly and terrifying. They're intelligent too and we're under the impression they communicate telepathically making it nearly impossible for us to get a hold on any of their battle plans. Luckily, they're pretty much the grunts of the Outsiders. They're easier to kill and are usually sent in with the first wave. They're kind of like scouts that lets our adversary know our numbers and our attack strategy. We've learned to change our attack pattern as soon as the jackals are defeated. Cage has just nodded to me and has helped Rita up and into her suit. It's time to get moving. We can't stay in one place too long or jackals are sure to find us. It looks like we'll be headed back to base. I can't lie, my gut turns every time we have to move. I swear, my nerves are fried. Anyways, I'm going to log off now. If you're future generations listening to this, and I hope you are, I've given you a general idea of what we're facing. Peace out![Chapter 2] anuary 02, 2035 04:00 hours Somewhere off the coast of Orlando, FL in the Atlantic Ocean. Rita's body punched the cold water so hard it knocked the breath right out of her lungs. She gasped as she tried to surge ahead, but stumbled and fell beneath the waves. It was a horrifying moment as she tried to fight the heavy weight of her gun and gear. The water chilled her to the bone and it was also she could do to force herself to the surface. Once above the waves her ears registered the screams and shouts of other soldiers. Soldiers that had already made it to the front lines. She froze. Staying in one spot and treading water seemed a far better fate than that of her comrades who were being killed in droves. Suddenly, an aircraft that had transported the soldiers made a nose dive for the Ocean, it's tail a beacon of fire. It hit the water a few yards behind Rita creating a massive wave. The unforgiving water grabbed her and whisked her away to shore. Rita's chest was the first to hit the rocky beach. \"Get your fucking gun in front of you,\" a Lieutenant to her right bellowed. With frozen hands Rita forced the weapon from the sand and placed it in front of her. She was shaking uncontrollably and knew she wouldn't be able to hit a damn thing if she didn't calm down. The large head of a Jackal appeared over her. Rita fell flat on her back. It took her a moment to register the enemy. It was the first time she was face-to-face with her foe or in actual combat. Training had been rushed; they turned out soldiers by the dozens within a few weeks. Nothing really could prepare you for fighting an unworldly creature. She could hear someone begging her to shoot as the animal bore down on her. Rita squeezed the trigger and let the bullets pepper the area where the beast danced from side to side trying to dodge bullets. It was sluggish and Rita could make out a wound in its side from a previous fought. The knowledge her adversary was weak encouraged her, and she forced herself to a kneeling position. This time she took aim and watched as the bullets ripped into it's gray hide. It's black eyes rolled into the back of it's head and it fell to the ground as its body convulsed in its last moments of life. Panting, Rita forced her wobbly legs under her and turned to look to her Lieutenant for praise. Her breath caught in her throat as she made out his charred remains. While she had been fighting, he'd been blasted to pieces. Rita hurled. While vomit spewed out of her rage replaced the previous contents. She could feel the heat of anger seep through her. With a passionate cry, Rita charged up the rocky embankment. Her eyes were met with a gruesome sight of mangled soldiers and Jackals alike. She didn't have much time to meditate on the scene. She dropped to her belly and started aiming at the enemy that was pouring in. This was suppose to be a sneak attack since the Jackals were not extremely fond of salt water. It burned their skin. Apparently, they had been prepared due to their large, assembled numbers. Rita could see the huge tanks that were equipped with gallons of salt water spraying at anything that moved. They were used to set up a perimeter and it worked for the most part until the Jackals became too restless. When they were enraged with impatience, they would drive themselves forward shrieking as they encountered the water. Generals were screaming for their men and woman to keep moving forward. No one really wanted to take any more ground, but if it wasn't taken by day, the area would be overrun by nightfall and they'd lose another territory. Rita continued to fire into the packs of Jackals. She knew she was suppose to be moving forward, but she couldn't will herself to budge. She wanted to live. \"Please, just let me live through this,\" she cried as she reloaded her weapon. Without warning, a grisly hand wrapped around her ankle and yanked her back. Rita screamed as she felt herself being flung through the air. Her gun went sailing in the opposite direction and clattered a few feet away. Her scream ended when her back met the earth. A shadow loomed over her and teeth flashed. She felt the intense sensation of something biting into her side. \"No!\" she howled and her hands found the mouth and tried to pry herself free. Two giant hands gripped her own and pinned them down. Jackals liked to feast while their victim was still alive. \"Not me,\" Rita shrieked. She remembered the knife in her boot. She hit the heel of her boot on the ground and a blade stuck out the front. With all the strength she could muster, she swung her leg up and into its thick hide. The knife stuck. Rita could feel its sticky blood oozing down her leg, but the jaws loosened. Her adrenaline spiked and she jerked her leg up the length of the creature's body. She had no idea her thigh possessed so much power, but she felt like a rocket was attached to it. With a terrible will to live, Rita yanked the blade back out and stuck it into the beast's underbelly. She jerked her leg up to her chest again. The Jackal dug its long, spindly fingers into her shoulders and started snapping at her throat. Rita clawed at its neck even as the immense pain of its nails lodged in her shoulders increased. She could feel her energy beginning to wain as blood gushed out of her side and her shoulders. Suddenly, there was relief. Rita's eyes rolled back and she coughed up blood as the large creature left her mangled body. Within those few still moments, her adrenaline died off and she could feel herself rapidly becoming colder and her fingers going numb. Is this what it's like to die? Rita wondered. \"But I don't want to die,\" Rita sobbed. \"I don't wanna die.\" Rita knew all too well that no medics would come to the rescue. The fact they had even had doctors was a joke. Often times, there were just far to many wounded to treat for any medical personnel to be of use. They needed doctors in hospitals not on the battle field. Before long, only nurses ran crazy trying to ease the suffering. \"That's good, that's good.\" Rita's pleading was cut short by a masculine voice that seemed situated by her face. \"You wanna live, right?\" His voice was hushed and urgent. \"Yes,\" Rita cried, \"please save me. Don't leave me to die here alone.\" \"Shhhh, shhhh, you have to be quiet now or they'll hear us. I'm going to help you now, but only and I mean only, if you give me your consent to use any means necessary. Huh? How about it?\" Rita felt calmer; weaker. A lump had built in her throat and her vision was blurring. \"Come on, Soldier, I need your consent. You wanna live, don't you?\" Rita's head flopped to the side and she managed to gurgle a weak yes. Then her world went black.[Chapter 3] January 3rd, 2035 Abandoned Medical Center Cold. Rita could feel the cold seep through her skin. The world was hazy. She twitched a finger first and then slowly moved her arm and was met with shooting pain through her shoulders. Breathing felt like a chore and her side ached terribly. Putting her arms behind her as supports, Rita tried to lift her body up. \"Fucking Christ.\" Rita fell backward onto the metal slab from the nauseating pain. It was eerie. Almost as though she was resting on a table best suited for a morgue. If it wasn't for the pain, Rita might have assumed she was, in fact, dead. \"Morphine wearing off?\" Rita jerked her head to the side to spot the stranger. In normal situations, she would have aggressively confronted the man who approached her, but at this point, she could care less. \"You're alive,\" the intruder murmured while crouching down to be eye level with Rita. There was a shimmer of pride in his eyes and they even moistened slightly. \"With any luck, you're going to heal pretty rapidly.\" Rita just starred at him with a vacant expression. The only thing that was on her mind were his first words. She was alive. Images of Mark surfaced. When she thought of how it would have destroyed him if she had died out on that field, hot tears slid down her face. She wanted to call him so badly. Tell him a million times over how much she loved him. She missed her family. No one had any idea that she had a brush with death. No one except for the stranger that rested a comforting hand on her forearm. Instinctively, Rita jerked her arm away and the pain punched into her again. \"Ahhhh,\" she growled. \"Take it easy. I'm here to help you. You've lost a lot of blood, but I think you're going to pull through. I'm sorry, but I don't have any more morphine to give you.\" \"Who are you?\" \"Yeah, introductions, sorry. I'm William Justice Cage.\" \"I'm...\" Cage cut her off. \"Rita. I scanned your microchip. Good thing for you that baby wasn't damaged and I was able to retrieve your blood type and what medicines you're allergic to.\" \"Thank you for saving me.\" Rita tried to focus and smiled as she reflected on his last name. \"Nice middle name. Suits you.\" She keep feel a delirious sense of relaxation and peace while her mind continued to wake up. \"When I was a kid I used to think it was a sign I'd join the Justice League. You remember them?\" Rita nodded her head. \"I wanted to be Wonder Woman, but I was never very good with a lasso or at wearing spandex.\" She couldn't help, but crack a grin at the memory of when she was six years old. She had told her parents she couldn't be bothered with jeans. She needed a Wonder Woman outfit. Her parents told her she wasn't quite old enough to wear an outfit like that, but she could when she grew up. Now, here she was, grown up and stitched into a military uniform, but she wasn't any Wonder Woman. Wonder Woman wouldn't be lying immobile on a steel slab. \"That's okay, I've never turned into the Incredible Hulk either.\" Cage offered a tired smile. Rita studied him. He had beautiful blue eyes that were masked by dark circles. His black hair was a little grown out, but still showed the definition of a military cut. Dog tags jingled at his chest. His shirt clung to him as perspiration mixed with the fine layer of dust that coated his body. For not being very tall, he still looked like he'd be a real bitch to fight with his bulging biceps and formed chest. \"How are you feeling?\" Cage stood up to check her vitals. \"Well, I've been a hell of a lot better,\" she coughed. \"No headache, nausea, pounding in the ears, or burning sensations.\" Rita thought on it for a moment. She was vaguely aware of being tired, but not completely exhausted. Actually, there was a warmth spreading through her and she felt like she was rapidly thinking more clearly. \"No, I'm pretty good actually.\" \"Good, good,\" Cage said more to himself. \"Do you remember anything that happened?\" \"Yes, I think so. I was on the beach and a Jackal attacked me. I thought I was a goner and then he just let go. After that, I really have no recollection. I think I remember you in a kind of fragmented way. You were shouting things to me. Wait, did you drop me?\" \"You felt that?\" \"My back was kind of tender to being with after the attack, so, yeah. I felt it.\" \"Anything else?\" \"No. Just darkness.\" Rita stared up at the ceiling. \"Calm darkness.\" \"Yeah, the darkness and the calm. That's probably right around the time that you died.\" Rita's eyes went wide. \"I died!\" \"Calm down. You were only gone for a few moments before I brought you back.\" \"Thank you! Thank you! How did I die? Was it the lack of blood? Is something horribly broken?\" she whimpered. \"Well, actually...\" Cage let out a long sigh. He put his hands on his hips and took a step back. \"Rita, I did something to you.\" \"What?!\" Rita convulsed to a sitting position and screamed with agony. \"No, not like that,\" Cage rushed forward and fought to restrain her. \"What I did helped you! It's probably what brought you back.\" \"What the fuck are you talking about!\" Rita shrieked at him. \"I asked your permission to save you. Do you remember that part?\" Cage shouted as she tried to push him off. \"How the fuck should I? Maybe you don't, but I remember the part about me bleeding to death!\" Rita argued back panting heavily. She gave in to her exhaustion and allowed Cage to pin her to the table. \"Look, Rita, I asked your permission and you gave it to me. I'm a scientist, well sort of, and I've been experimenting on creating super humans, if you will. Some soldiers came forward to be tested on. Unfortunately, all three had the same results. They were dead within thirty minutes. I was banned. But dammit, Rita, I knew there was a way to make it work if I had the right person.\" \"Cage, are you saying you killed me? This thing you gave me killed me?\" \"Yes, but that's just the thing, you came back, Rita. For whatever reason you came back to life!\" He eased his weight off of her. \"You're not finding a reason, Cage. Your experimenting fun is over. I'm no one's lab rat.\" \"You wanted to live and I saved you. It's as simple as that. For God's sake, you were going to die. If I didn't do what I did, we wouldn't be having this conversation now. You'd be one of the thousands of soldiers we see die every day because we're just not strong enough as a species,\" his voice lowered and cracked as he passionately expressed the last sentence. Rita took a moment to collect her thoughts. She glared up at the ceiling, but she couldn't argue it. Whatever he gave her had saved her life. She let out a long sigh. \"I have to get back to my unit.\" She tried to get back up again. \"Hold up,\" Cage pinned her down again, \"you need to rest. I think we've thoroughly gone over the fact you died recently. Besides, when you died the micro chip registered you as KIO. No one's going to be really looking for you.\" His words sunk in. \"So, what you're saying is that I'm out?\" \"Basically.\" \"In other words, I'm free.\" \"As in?\" \"I don't have to be a soldier any more. Can't enlist a dead girl. Can't call a dead person a deserter.\" For the first time in months, Rita was really happy. \"Um,\" Cage half chuckled, half coughed, \"that's not quite what I was thinking. I, uh... You remember the whole trying to make people superhuman so we could save our species? That's what you're for. Besides, what happened to the whole Wonder woman dream?\" \"Hey, like I said, I don't really do spandex well.\" \"Wow, I guess I grabbed the wrong person. I thought you were a soldier.\" \"A drafted one. I didn't choose this, Cage,\" Rita shot back icily. \"What will your family and friends think when they've learned you're a deserter?\" A sly smile spread over Rita's face. \"Cage, I don't think you know my family very well. They're just going to be happy I'm home in one piece.\" \"Alright, you can do what you want. I won't stop you, but I just hope that when your family is dying, you remember that you could have done something to stop it.\" \"I'm just one person. How the Hell am I suppose to do all that?\" \"By allowing me to do some testing on you. Let me see if there's a way to make this possible for other soldiers. I don't know, if you've got the results I theorized, you should be able to match an Elite's strength. That alone will inspire masses that it's possible to defeat them.\" \"Cage, it's not that I don't appreciate what you've done for me. Really. I would be dead without you. Unfortunately, I'm just not your person. Besides, I'm not even sure what you gave me is really doing anything except that it killed me and you resuscitated me.\" \"Rita,\" a triumphant smile spread across his lean face, \"you're standing.\"[Chapter 4] Rite rolled uncomfortably on the cot. She couldn't believe she wasn't asleep yet. In boot camp she learned how to pass out immediately. She felt energized. It was as if an explosive, kinetic energy hibernated in her muscles. Finally she decided to abandon sleep completely and explore the derelict hospital. It was eerie as she padded down the empty, cold corridor from the sick bay Cage had stationed her in. She followed the soft, blue light that escaped from the office down the hall. Cage leaned back in his chair and rubbed his eyes. He hadn't slept in forty eight hours now and it was starting to take it's toll. He'd spent the better part of last night medicating Rita. He was tired. Tired of hibernating here. Tired of letting time just pass on. Most of all, he was tired of the images that flashed through his mind reminding him of the horrid death his brother experienced. That he wasn't able to save him. In those final moments, his brother's tattered body resembled more of the meat sold at markets than the youthful man Cage had known his whole life. He could still feel the icy grip of his brother's hand as he heaved his last. The warmth rushing out of his body. Cage could never explain, not even to himself, what that moment was like. He couldn't understand how he could stare down at the lifeless form he had spent his whole life teasing, protecting, growing up with, and fighting alongside only to know he was gone. A whirlwind of memories had rushed through his mind while his brother's soul rushed out. He had saved Rita and for that he was happy. He could save a thousand more people, but it wouldn't bring back Thomas. It would never bring back his younger brother. Cage took another sip of brandy and wept quietly to himself. It was why he liked the cold walls of the laboratory or the hospital. The walls and rooms were devoid of life. Nothing was there to look down on your sorrow. No warmth to remind you of happier, simpler times. Just cold, harsh reality. He had promised himself he would never care so much for another human being again. It was too hard and too distracting to lose someone and, the way he saw it, most people were as good as dead anyway. \"You can't sleep either,\" Rita mused aloud leaning against the door frame. Cage jerked his head back surprised he hadn't heard her enter. He coughed and pretended to get something out of his eyes. \"Eh, yeah,\" Cage sighed. \"Not much sleeping these days. I only have a week to get everything logged, so...\" \"Gotcha,\" Rita offered a guilty grin. \"How are you feeling?\" \"Well, I can't sleep. I'm surprised by the amount of energy I have. I haven't felt like this in a long time. My muscles seem to ache.\" She crossed her arms over her chest and rubbed them. Cage nodded his head as if he expected to hear those exact ailments. \"Brandy?\" He lifted a bottle up and extended it to her. \"Ha, how the Hell did you get this?\" Rita hadn't had a strong drink in months. It wasn't like anyone had time to brew. People were a little preoccupied with surviving and rationing food, not booze. \"I'm a clever man,\" Cage nodded his head to himself. \"Clever,\" he murmured while looking at the data being pulled from Rita's blood sample. Cage looked a lot better after the shower he'd taken earlier. Rita couldn't lie. It wasn't going to be too bad spending the week with him, but she didn't allow his enticing looks to distract her. She was weary of his help and only had one goal in mind- get back home. It wasn't the first time she had been driven like a frenzied banshee to get back to her loved ones and she knew she could do it again with or without Cage. \"Since you can't sleep, how do you feel about going for a run?\" Cage glanced up at her. The air outside was cold and crisp. The moon afforded enough light to allow the two to not rely on flashlights. The old clinic was nestled between two mountains and the expansive parking lot was abandoned. Its derelict features were enough to make Rita want to simply run back to the warmth of humanity. Rita could see that Cage was carrying a piece. Even though the site had long been abandoned by human and alien alike, one couldn't be too careful. She was grateful he was packing it. Glancing at the ridge line, she could imagine Elites lining it and swarming in on them. She had never actually fought one yet, but the stories and images were terrifying. An involuntary chill ran up Rita's spine. \"Why is it empty anyway?\" She walked beside him allowing her muscles to warm up. The over sized coat Cage had given her was much appreciated. \"Had to be evacuated. One of the first places to be hit. It's like they already knew our hospitals were full of the weakest humans.\" Cage reached out a hand and grabbed Rita's wrist. \"Wait.\" Rita froze. The hairs on the back of her neck raised up. She wanted to bolt back to the hospital and could swear Cage could feel her starting to shake. She was sure she saw shadows on the ridge, but after her little alteration, she wasn't sure if she could really trust her eyes. Cage stayed rigid while still holding on to Rita's wrist. His breathing slowed as he listened closely. Cage felt his grip relax until he completely released her arm. \"Sorry about that,\" Cage breathed a sigh of relief. \"Did you see or hear anything?\" Rita shuddered. She wanted to bolt so badly, but Cage's strong presence made her feel like she needed to remain stoic. \"No, it's okay.\" His eyes dropped from the horizon. \"Just ghosts,\" he whispered to himself. For a moment, he remembered his brother beside him while the ridge lined with Elites. \"Let's run?\" Rita nodded and started trotting. Her run was invigorated by the nervousness Cage's previous actions had instilled in her, but it made her feel hyper aware. She was fascinated by the fact that last night she was laid out on a table dying and tonight she was out jogging. A smile spread across her face as she felt the buoyancy in her muscles and joints. She started taking long, leaping strides absorbed in her own little world. Her muscles bunched and coiled beneath her and she could swear she found herself being able to leap abnormally high. The fluidity and strength of her motion took away her fear. Cage ran beside her. He was having to exert more energy than Rita. Cage was fast for his stature and his reflexes had been some of the best in his unit. But against Rita and just her running, Cage knew it was a preview to how much more capable she was going to be in other areas of combat. He had taken years of mental and physical training to make himself one of the best, but he had a feeling she would now be able to do that in a number of days. How he wished she was willing to return to active duty. Rita decided to run full out. She punched her body into the faster gate and was mystified by the speed in which she was covering ground. She started to laugh. When she forced herself to a halt, she assumed Cage would be a few paces behind her. To her surprise, she found him struggling to catch up. He came up beside her breathing heavily and smiling widely. \"How did that feel?\" The smile felt good as it slipped across his somber face. \"Incredible!\" Rita felt exuberant. Ever since she was little, she dreamed of being able to run like a cheetah or leap like a kangaroo. Was this literally happening to her? \"How am I doing this?\" \"Well, humans don't use the full capacity of their brains. Yes, they use the entire brain as far as function is concerned. This can easily be proven by someone who has had brain damage. No matter how small the damage area is, it's still going to create negative side affects. Capacity is a different story. The difference between some really incredible athletes, or more relevant, soldiers, is that they are able, through extensive discipline and training, to access more of that capacity. You have bypassed all that training and discipline and have skipped right to having faster mental ability than any other human. This faster capacity allows you to have increased reaction time. Reaction time being the time it takes you to perceive an attack. It's an increase between the time you receive the stimulus and then react. This in kind improves your response time. This is the time it takes to actually choose an appropriate response. This all then links to your movement and speed allowing you to run faster, avoid danger better, and counteract more precisely.\" \"This is amazing! It really is, Cage.\" A glint of curiosity shimmered in Rita's eyes. \"Care to spar?\"[Chapter 5] January 10th, 2035 \"They say you'll never forget where and what you were doing the day of the first attack,\" Rita mumbled while her soft gaze followed the ruins of the city to her right. Smoke suffocated the sky, cars and buildings lay as a crumbled reminder of a civilized time, and empty streets echoed stories of a once expanding city. Now, it was just Ground Zero. It was the first time humans laid eyes on the Invaders and it would be the last time people would imagine aliens as benevolent creatures once depicted in movies such as E.T. or Star Wars. Cage's battered jeep bumped uneasy over the decimated highway. Each jostle grated his nervous system as it reenacted the feel of the convoys that not only drove over any terrain, but also the bodies that littered the battle field. No man left behind had morphed into every man for himself as numbers decreased rapidly. It wasn't the creatures that sickened Cage, it was the receding belief in humanity. If the Invaders didn't kill every last human, they would themselves with the radical drop in morale. It's hard to fight extinction. Cage glanced over at Rita. The loose strands of her brunette hair danced in the wind. The gentle expression of peace on her face made him long for home. She was going home to people who loved her. Cage knew she really had no idea how important she was. She was most certainly still human, but a new evolution of the species. Her genetic code was the hope of humanity. Whenever a species is threatened by extinction, they have two choices- adapt or die. Rita was the perfect example of adapting. Not only was her body better crafted to fight the Invaders, but also to sustain life on this now foreign planet. Disease ran rampant with the Center for Disease Control now an exploded station and the sick in hospitals displaced. Rita's immune system could meet these overwhelming odds head on and she would barely feel so much as a touch of the flu. \"Is it something on my face?\" Her words snapped Cage out of his deep pondering. \"What?\" \"You've been staring at my face.\" Cage grinned as he realized Rita had been checking her face in the side mirrors trying to figure out his reason for his staring. \"No, it's fine.\" \"Just fine?\" She quirked an eyebrow. \"It's a pretty face.\" Rita glanced at him and smiled. \"Thank you, so is yours.\" Cage laughed. Here he had been brooding over the fate of mankind and Rita was worried about something on her face. He started to laugh uncontrollably. It felt so good to feel his body jostle from his amusement. Rita couldn't help but grin. Then she started to laugh. She wasn't even sure what he was laughing about, but she reviled in the moment. Cage gripped the steer wheeling and he leaned back as the last rolls of laughter escaped him. Rita returned her gaze to the abandoned city. She had every belief they would somehow beat the overwhelming odds and return to cities such as this one. Of course, she didn't imagine in a hundred years it would be her helping beat those odds, but she inwardly thanked the people who were willing to fight. \"Where were you when it happened?\" \"That's a long story,\" Rita sighed. She wanted to focus on jovial things and not that memory. She smoothed the over sized, black shirt Cage had lent her. It hung loosely off her body. There had been a time her chest was more pronounced and her once round face was always accompanied by a smile. Now her frame was smaller, her chest reduced by several sizes, and her visage longed for the rare moments a grin stretched its taunt skin. \"Well, we've got another five hours of driving to the base. I don't have anything better to do unless they turn the 'this is an emergency, please seek shelter and avoid the outdoors. Help will arrive,' on the radio into a remix.\" He did look extremely tired and although she had offered to drive numerous times, Cage had a certain affinity for the jeep. Apparently, he had practically built it himself enhancing it to be suitable for battle situations. Rita was starting to wonder, with Cage's obvious passion for enhancement, why he never became a plastic surgeon. Instead of making her into a super fighting machine he could have turned her into a super model. She looked down at her body. She wouldn't really have minded some fake boobs and maybe a little lift on her ass wouldn't be all that bad. \"I guess if it keeps you awake, I could sum up my experience.\" Cage settled back in his chair. He liked listening to Rita talk. After being alone for so long, her voice was comforting and his mind could use a little stimulation. He was starting to get worried when he would finish blinking and it appeared they were a mile farther down the road. It was time for an action story. \"I was living in SLC, UT working towards becoming a dentist. My little sister, Samantha, was staying with me for a few weeks during her Spring break vacation. We're quite a few years apart, so I thought the break would be a great opportunity for us to spend more time together since I wasn't involved in her growing up very much. I remember setting the table for dinner, I had made BBQ pulled chicken and salad. The TV was on and that's when some of the first images...\" Rita put a plate on her scratched, wooden table. It was enough to seat the two of them comfortably, but hardly the best vantage point to the TV. She knew watching TV during dinner wasn't suppose to be the best habit according to some doctor or study, but she liked to play a show or two. It got her mind off the mountain of exams that plagued her every waking moment and her little sister had to do some report for school. Something about watching the news and giving an account of the current events. She was impressed her sister was even entertaining the thought of extra credits during Spring Break. The kid was only about eleven years old. \"Hey, I can't really see the news from here, can we eat on the couch?\" Rita glanced at her couch that was stacked with her school material and even some fake teeth sets. \"Um, sure, just don't mention to mom that I let you eat in the living room. You know how picky they are.\" She rolled up her sleeves as the baggy, white shirt threatened to dip into the BBQ sauce. \"Ha ha, you've been out of the house for a while, sis. They are super chillax now. I bet they won't have as big a fit when I start dating.\" Samantha eyed the salad on her plate with mild disinterest. Her older sister's healthy eating habits made her long for mac and cheese. \"Yeah, well, I'll do it for them,\" Rita poked her sister in the ribs. There was no way she was letting the little bugger off easy when it came to boys. Rita worked on dishing up her plate while her sister made some room on the couch. The TV blared in the background on the news channel and the voices of the anchors sounded strained and frantic. Rita paused and decided to glance up at the screen. She could see blurry images of people running and screaming in droves. Her heart dropped as she imaged it was another terrorist bombing or maybe mayhem in the Middle East. \"Those poor people,\" she mumbled to herself and scooped up more chicken. \"Rita!\" Samantha haltingly hollered. \"Just a minute.\" \"Rita!\" \"What?\" Rita rolled her eyes and marched into the living room. \"I have TVO, I'm sure it can wait...\" her voice trailed off as she stared at the screen. Her fork she had been bringing to her mouth clattering to the ground, chicken still speared to it. The news anchor looked into the lens with a wild eyes. \"This is not a test. The President has declared a state of emergency. We are under attack. Please, do not leave your homes, stay inside. Dim the lights and lock all doors and windows. I repeat, stay inside and wait for military personal to evacuate all major cities. If you are in rural areas, do not travel to the city.\" A chill shot down Rita's spine and shocked her core. This had to be a hoax. \"Rita?\" Samantha's voice quivered and she looked up to her older sister. \"What's happening? What are those things on the screen?\" Rita couldn't register what she was seeing. Tall, biped creatures roamed the streets and struck out at people. They looked like mammoth wolves, but with the fluidity of cameraman fled with the lens aimed towards the monsters that roamed the crowded streets and then the camera clattered to the ground. The images were skewed and fragmented as they were being captured in between the cracked glass of the lens. It was then, Rita realized the background was that of Downtown Salt Lake City. The temple loomed in the background as droves of tourists poured out of its fenced premises. \"Samantha,\" her voice wavered, \"I want you to call mom and dad while I lock all the doors and windows. Stay away from the windows, sweetie.\" Samantha started to cry as she fumbled with her cell phone and speed dialed her parents. Adrenaline screamed through Rita's limbs as she bolted through the house. She slammed the front door shut and bolted it. Her mad dash continued as she shut all the windows, closed the blinds, and flipped the lights off. Is this real? Her mind could not comprehend what was happening. This wasn't how a major disaster was suppose to happen. In the movies there was time. It built up to this. It just didn't happen. You didn't go from eating dinner one minute to seeing people killed on live television in the very town you live in. Once she had completed her mission, she returned to the living room where Samantha cried on the phone to her parents. \"Let me talk to them,\" Rita eased the phone out of her sister's clenched hands. \"Mom... Dad... It's Rita. No, I'm not sure what's happening, but they're telling everyone to stay out of the city. They haven't said it's the Chinese or any country for that matter. Don't leave the farm.\" Rita fell silent. \"Reports are coming in. It appears these things are coming in from space crafts.\" The news anchor held her blue tooth to her ear. \"Yes, it is confirmed by military personal that they are space crafts and we are to consider these creatures hostile. The military has declared Marshall Law in the city. Please seek shelter until otherwise advised.\" Rita found her voice again. \"Mom... Dad, Samantha and I are going to come to you. I'm going to get us home. I love you both. I have to go now.\" \"What's happening?\" Samantha screeched. \"Shhhh, shhhhh, it's okay. Hill Air Force base is a few miles from here. The military is going to be here in minutes and there's some great soldiers who know what they're doing. These things won't last long, I promise. Now, I want you to go pack your bags.\" Rita's insides clenched. She had dated a few of the young men on that base. It was had for her to fathom that those smiling boys would be the first to attack whatever was outside. \"But they said to stay in the city,\" Samantha stammered. \"I know, honey, but we need to be ready to go.\" \"Go where?\" \"Just get your things,\" Rita snapped and felt bad immediately afterwards. \"I'm sorry, I just need you to listen to me.\" Rita dropped to her knees and locked eyes with her sister. \"I will not let anything happen to you.\" Her voice trembled with passion. Samantha gazed into her sister's brown orbs. The expression of both determination and savage purpose in her sister filled her with confidence. In that moment, her sister just wasn't a girl, she was a soldier and Samantha realized that long before Rita ever would.[Chapter 6] Darkness, complete and utter darkness. It took Rita a moment for her eyes to adjust to the sudden shift in reduced light. Samantha was sobbing uncontrollably as screams echoed down State Street. What do we do? Rita's mind felt hazy. The power had gone out and only moments before the President had made an appearance on TV. His words of encouragement were ended when Salt Lake City was hurled into a dark frenzy. \"What do we do?\" Samantha howled. \"I... I...\" Rita stammered for words. \"I want you to go to the basement.\" \"It's scary down there.\" \"Go, Sam!\" Samantha grabbed her crudely packed suitcase as she scuttled down into the basement. \"Okay, think,\" Rita breathed to herself. She dashed into the kitchen and retrieved her lighter. She wildly grabbed candles, flashlights, blankets, and canned food. She could hear the sonic boom of jets flying overhead. Suddenly, the ground quivered beneath her feet. Something had impacted the Earth. Curiosity seized her, and she carefully raised a blind from her kitchen window. Her labored breathing fogged up the glass, but she could make out a downed fighter plane about a block away. \"Oh no!\" Something dark raced past her vision. She froze, her breathing halted in her throat. The window in the living room shuddered. A high pitched screeching noise assaulted her ears as the sound of something sharp danced across the glass. She turned her head ever-so-slowly and took a nervous step back from the kitchen window. She heard glass starting to splinter. Whatever was outside was interested in getting inside. She picked up her kitchen knife and carefully eased herself towards the door to the basement. It was only a few paces behind her. For a moment, a plan tried to formulate in her mind. She wanted to retreat to what she thought was the safety of the basement, but the fear of exposing her sister's hiding place paralyzed her. If she went down now, what would stop it from going down after them? Tears seeped out of her eyes as she continued to creep along the kitchen wall. The glass exploded spewing shards all over her couch where they had sat only moments before. She started to hyperventilate as she lost sight of the living room. She rounded the corner and rested her back against the stuccoed wall. She fought to remain as silent as possible. Glass crunched under foot and a low growling, clicking noise breached her ears. It was a sound she had never heard from any animal. The floor creaked beneath its immense weight as it stealthily made its way into her home. Rita wanted to make a run for it. To rip open the kitchen window and shove her body out. The familiar sound of rain pelted her roof and with it came an odd odor. Whatever it was reeked worse than a wet dog. Rita held the knife to her chest. She was shaking uncontrollably, her legs threatening to collapse beneath her. She thought of her sister, so young and trusting. All she had wanted was to spend sometime getting to know her younger sister better. She heard it making its way towards the kitchen. Two, long fingers wrapped themselves around the side of the wall. She scooted away from the spindly digits. It was right there. It paused for a moment as it emitted more low growls and clicking noises. Rita crouched down and crawled away from the wall. She wanted to get in the pantry. It was only a few feet from her. It wouldn't afford her much protection, but at least her back and sides would be covered. If she could only hide in time. She was so close her fingers could touch the cold doorknob. The kitchen floor quaked beneath her. The sound of something stepping forward made Rita's stomach plummet. She surged forward, pulled open the pantry door, and darted inside. She had no idea whether or not the intruder had seen her, she hadn't bothered looking back. She was sure her heart had stopped beating as she squinted through the tiny slit in the door. She couldn't make out anything in her dim kitchen. Then she heard it. A low wheezing sound. It seemed directly in front of her pantry. Through the crack she could make out its hunched form. Its hind legs were shorter than its arms forcing it to put the bulk of its weight on them. Its fingers were about the length of Rita's leg. Long nails protruded from its outstretched digits and made a clicking sound across the linoleum every time it moved. Its face reminded her of a Jackal with black, hollow eyes twice the size of a humans. Its skin was gray and leathery, but platted like that of a reptile. For a brief moment, Rita found herself staring in not only abject terror, but fascination as her mind tried to summon a reason for this monster's existence. Perhaps a genetic mistake? Maybe werewolves were real. In a flash of gray, it left her line of vision. Rita's breath hitched up in her throat. Her home became uncomfortably silent; a sharp contrast to the chaos of sounds outside. She took a step back and felt her foot clatter a box of jars. Fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck! Her mind screamed as the noise erupted. Then she saw it. Its morbidly long fingers slid through the crack in the door; its nails causing the paint to chip. As if teasing in her, it leisurely opened the door. The amount of trepidation in her overpowered all her other senses. She felt her thigh muscles contract, her heart slam beneath her rib cage, and her lungs inflate. It was a feeling like non other she had experienced. If it wasn't for the almost certain death that loomed before her, this rush might have been welcomed. In that moment of spiked adrenaline, she felt as though she could rip the beast in half. It towered before her and cocked its massive head to the side as an eerie grin stretched across its gaping mouth. Its open jaws displayed rows of sharp, hooked teeth that appeared to stretch down its throat. Its snarl turned into what only could be described as a cackling laugh punctuated by otherworldly vocalizations. Rita lost the feeling in her legs. She poised her knife ready to strike out if only once. Then a voice she had forgotten shattered the moment. \"Rita!\" Sam shouted from the depths of the basement. Immediately the hellion reared back and swung its bulk towards the basement door. \"No!\" Rita almost couldn't believe the primal cry that erupted from within her. It was deep, gritty, and so full of rage the sound alone might have made even an ax murdered rethink their plan. Adrenaline pervaded her body and in one giant leap she found herself out of the pantry and bearing down on a monster five times her size. In the next moment, Rita was sure she had abandoned her body. It was as if everything happened to her physically, but the rest of her had an aerial view. The walls to her kitchen splintered and erupted. Chunks of dry wall flung free and pipes burst spewing water in all directions. Her body was caught in the blast and hurled backward like it was nothing more than a rag doll. The creature's hide was penetrated by splinters of wood. It shrieked and tried to run away from the explosion, but a few of its fingers had been severed clean off making its gate labored and uneven. Struggling with its own survival, the monster bolted from her home into the street where it mowed down whoever got in its path. Rita's body impacted with the linoleum. Her hands flung out instinctively to protect her head as the rest of her body felt like it had been internally fractured. She felt her consciousness brawling with an overwhelming desire to pass out. Her ears rang and she thought she felt blood oozing down from them. \"Rita!\" Her mouth gaped open as she tried to answer Sam, but no sounds escaped. Instead she coughed and fought to breath. The wind had been punched out of her lungs. With only one thing left on her faltering mind, she crawled towards the top of the stairs. The door and walls around the basement had been blasted clean off. Forcing herself to her hands and knees, she sucked in her first deep breath and then screamed. \"Sam! Sam! Sam!\" Sam couldn't believe the explosion that had rattled the upstairs. She heard her sister calling her name and without a moments hesitation for what might be above, she vaulted up the stairs dragging her suitcase along. Rita stretched out a hand when she saw her little sister. Tears submerged her eyes as she wrapped an arm around her and pulled her to her chest. She wept while she brushed Sam's hair back. When the explosion had occurred she was petrified it had claimed Sam like it had the rest of her home. \"What happened?\" Sam tried to make sense of it all. It seemed only a moment ago they were eating dinner, now there wasn't even a home to cook food in. \"I don't know. God, my head hurts,\" Rita squeezed her throbbing temples. \"We have to get going before it gets back.\" Constructing sentences hurt and she found herself slipping dangerously close to unconsciousness. Sam helped her wounded sister stumble to the street. Rita's car had been dented in the blast. A huge piece of debris had crushed the hood demolishing the engine. The thought of filing a claim with her insurance company was the most sane thought Rita felt like she had had in a little while now. She really liked that car. She sank to her knees. The fight she had been waging with consciousness was finally over and her body simply refused to give her any more aid. She felt like she was starting to hear the world through cotton and her vision was making the people in front of them blur and morph. In her last few moments of consciousness, she was vaguely aware of a military vehicle pulling up. A light flashed in front of her eyes. She could tell Sam was babbling on to someone about something, but all Rita wanted to do was curl up in a ball and sleep. As her torso began to descend to the ground, she felt gloved hands reach out and yank her up. Her body had the sensation of being lifted from the earth. Then, darkness. ","Summary":" April 13, 2035 16:00 Hours I decided to put down the head cam. I blinked my eyes quickly to adjust "},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"The Great Redeemer","Author":"Remnant Stars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10953564","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is going to be different than my other EoT fics. A plot bunny attacked me recently and I had to write a potential summary to nail it down: Pacific Rim AU. Rita has been piloting the near-relic Jaegar Gipsy Danger since the beginning of the Mimic war, surviving through five partners. Her newest partner/co-pilot is William Cage, an arrogant rookie thrown into the war because of simple desperation. He is forced to fight by Rita's side. Changed elements of my original idea to fit EoT's story a little more. Still working out the kinks since I haven't seen Pacific Rim in forever (despite owning it) but I think it's promising. The idea is more AU than true crossover, leaning heavily towards Edge of Tomorrow with Pacific Rim elements thrown in. Hence it is not in crossover section This idea wouldn't leave me alone, and I figured it was time to get back into some writing after the holidays! As usual, I have no beta so all mistakes are my own! She was an anomaly. Rita Vrataski was often called \"The Full Metal Bitch\" behind her back. Not that she didn't hear the whispers, didn't notice the stares when she walked around the compound. Not that she blamed them for the moniker. She was a bitch. It was the only way she knew how to be. The only way she knew how to survive. The war with the Mimics had been ongoing for several years by this point. She was one of the first volunteers, joining the UDF when she was twenty-one. Her parents had died in one of the earliest Mimic attacks, in a research facility by the ocean while studying the phenomenon that was the portal by the ocean floor. She was now twenty-eight and she'd outlived all but one of her partners. The only one who'd bowed out of the program, rather than died was Hendricks. The mention of his name still made her flinch. Today she was finally going to meet her latest co-pilot. She knew nothing about the man, wondered how reliable he would turn out to be. Her third partner, Cruz had been the last willing person to be partnered with her. She was a death omen and even Hendricks had learned to despise her at the end. But she was the greatest asset that the UDF had, having thousands of Mimic deaths under her belt after so many years of service. The first sight of the man wasn't what she expected. He was good-looking but surely several years too old to be the rookie they'd stated he was. And a major. The first glimpse of his eyes darting nervously darting around the room had her on edge. It was never a good sign when they were nervous to meet her. He looked like he wanted to escape. Despite his fidgeting, Rita was certain she'd seen the man before, perhaps even met him. She nodded at him as she approached, grunting a greeting that was barely discernible. She didn't expect this one to make it past the trial drift. With each search she'd been through dozens of potential co-pilots before actually settling on one. Her first drift partner, Jamie, had taken so long to find that she'd almost flunked the program. But he'd turned out to be her most loyal and dearest friend. His death only three years ago had nearly torn her apart. Their relationship wasn't only unique as one of the first pairs to pilot a Jaegar, but also because their partnership had lasted so long before his death. Four years, which didn't seem like much. But a Jaegar pilot's lifespan was considerably shortened by the war. She'd survived seven years, only a handful of people lasting as long as she. And most of them had retired from front line combat. But she couldn't, not until she was dead or the war was over. The man, William Cage, stuck out a hand for her to shake. She almost ignored the gesture, taking it belatedly as he moved to drop his hand. As a result, she seemed to lift his hand towards her rather than shake it, clasping his hand in a way that was much too familiar for her taste. The handshake lasted maybe a few seconds, but her hand clenched at her side from the warmth of his grip. \"Rita Vrataski,\" she muttered by way of introduction. The man nodded, but lines creased in his forehead in brief confusion. \"William Cage,\" he offered. \"We've met before.\" Rita wanted to deny it but she reminded herself his face was familiar. Her brow furrowed as she considered where they could have met. Until it dawned on her with rising amusement that they had met once before. On a bloody television show. William Cage, a Major in the US military was also a propaganda piece. He actively recruited droves of young recruits to the war, promised glory, honor and a place in history. He lied to thousands of people with every smile, every scripted line out of his mouth. She'd loathed the man from the moment she'd met him. He'd been charismatic and charming, and it had taken everything she had to hide her irritation. It was the only interview she'd done. The bureaucrats said she'd come off as unlikeable, as untrustworthy rather than mysterious, as weary rather than accomplished. The entire thing was a bunch of bullshit and she'd been grateful when it ended. She'd promptly forgotten William Cage. Until now. \"Yes,\" she finally uttered. \"I remember.\" Cage nodded diplomatically but she could still see the nervous energy that had him shifting from foot to foot. \"Yes, well, it was awhile ago.\" But he'd never forgotten the meeting with Rita. \"Are you here to bring me to my drift partner?\" Rita wondered. She really couldn't see her superiors thinking that William Cage anywhere near a Jaegar was a good idea. Cage shook his head once in the negative, his fingers moving idly at his sides. \"No actually. I'm your partner. Or, I might be, if the trial is successful.\" She could tell that he was hoping just as fervently as she was that it wasn't. Rita had nothing against Cage personally. But he wasn't a soldier, had gotten his rank by pandering rather than actual achievement. He was a liability. But she understood why her superiors would be desperate enough to consider him. She'd lost five partners, four in the past three years. She was a pariah. Though the loss had been through no fault of her own. She'd fought as best as she could, tried to save the men that had stood beside her in their Jaegar. And she'd lost them all the same. Worse yet, she survived when she'd wished to die beside them. She'd only learned to disconnect from the shared drift after experiencing her first two partners deaths. They would haunt her for the rest of her life. \"Yes,\" she finally agreed, seeing no other choice. \"We'll see.\" She gestured for him to proceed her. She entered the room with apprehension. Her Jaegar, Gipsy Danger , was already set up and simply waiting for them to enter it. She gave General Brigham a perfunctory nod, barely hiding her dislike of the man. Master Sergeant Farell received a small smile and she noted with affection that his neatly trimmed mustache twitched as he hid his smile. Dr. Carter grasped her shoulder and shook it lightly in encouragement. He knew how much these searches took out of her, how much anguish she hid every time they found someone new for her to partner with. But no matter how much she hated herself for it, her body thrummed in anticipation. She was determined to end the war or die trying. And she needed a drift partner to do that with. She suited up quickly, watching with wry amusement as Cage struggled to get himself into the jacket that coordinated Gipsy's left side controls. Dr. Carter stepped forward to help, rolling his eyes in her direction at Cage's clumsy attempts. It looked like he didn't think Cage would be a match either. Rita calmed her mind, closing her eyes to focus herself as Gipsy was brought online. She could hear Cage's harsh breathing beside her. \"Slow your breathing,\" she advised. \"Empty your thoughts. It will help.\" She glanced over as Cage's breathing slowed. His eyes were closed and his brow furrowed as he concentrated. She worried that he would lose control during the drift. It was always the nervous ones that lost control. And yet she'd learned how to bring them back with minimal trouble. It had taken more than a dozen accidents and near-misses for her to gain complete control over the drift. Cage would be only one more face among dozens in her search for a partner. Dr. Carter counted down to them, Gipsy powering up with a low hum. She'd been repaired and upgraded more than half a dozen times in the years since her first mission. It was a miracle she was still running, and competing with the dozens of other Jaegars that fought against the Mimics. But Dr. Carter loved her as much, if not more than, Rita did. He made sure she always got the best upgrades first. Rita sighed in contentment as the humming of Gipsy vibrated in her bones. She felt a jolt of cold flow through her mind as they started the drift, and Cage's thoughts invaded her own. It was the moment she hated and feared more than anything. The drift was a very private place, a river of thoughts and memories flowing between the two of them and threatening to consume them both. Everything Rita was, every memory she had, every death she'd experienced was Cage's to see, to feel and analyze. She figured it was one of the many reasons she had such a hard time dealing with the search for a partner. It felt too personal. And yet this time it was different. Often it was her memories that threatened to drown them, her potential partner's lives relatively unscathed next to hers. And yet she found herself pulled from her painful past and thrown into Cage's. He was thinking of the first time they met. She was beautiful to him, if cold and reserved. He was curious about the woman who'd killed so many Mimics and lost a partner in turn. It had only been one partner then, only Jamie to mourn, though she'd lost Matthew only a few short months later. It was disconcerting to see their meeting through both perspectives. She'd barely remembered the man, and yet her memories were relived with acute detail. She felt the hum of awareness he'd felt when her hand had shaken his. She'd felt her own derision for the man she saw as nothing more than General Brigham's pawn. She'd yearned to touch her own face, to stroke her cheek to see if it was as soft as it looked. She yearned for freedom from General Brigham and the indiscretions of her past, the chance to start anew. The chance to be simply herself and not that face of the war. The guilt and yearning flowed through her in equal measure. And Rita only belatedly realized that despite the similarity to her own desires, the feelings were not her own. Her only indiscretion had been surviving, when others had not. She lost herself in an insignificant thread then, a foray into Cage's past to search for the mistakes that seemed to have cost him so much. He felt chained to duty, to the job of recruiting thousands to their deaths. Jaegars were a last resort. So many women and men were sent before them, to clear a path as cannon fodder. So many died before Rita every stepped on the battlefield. And Cage felt the weight of their deaths, so heavy Rita started to lose herself to the guilt and pain. It was Cage that pulled her back, tugged her from the memory that would allow her access to his deepest shame. She struggled against his hold, desperate to see why his pain was so similar to her own, how a man who had everything could be so broken. Just like her. She didn't get the chance, as Cage righted the connection between them, stabilizing it with determination. She felt the horror dawn on him when he belatedly realized what he'd done. He'd secured the drift, connecting them successfully to Gispy and to each other. Rita reacted without thought, testing the connection with eager abandon. Cage's tormented past was brushed to the side, to be analyzed later. She flexed her mental muscles, holding onto the drift as if her life depended on it. Her body moved of it's own accord, and the Gipsy's right side complied accordingly. The crew had backed out of the hangar, giving them space to test their abilities. She felt adrenaline coursing through her veins, and a fair dose of confusion. She'd never found a drift partner on the first try, and without any preliminary combat practice. She poked at Cage's mind. He seemed to be frozen in shock. He was firmly grounded in their connection but he seemed to be having trouble believing it. She prodded him mentally, trying to push him towards reacting. Gipsy had taken a step forward, her right arm coming up in a defensive stance, but Cage was controlling Gipsy's left side and it remained immobile. \"Cage?\" she finally voiced her frustration with his inactivity. She looked towards him, noticing that his face was pale. She wanted to wave her hand in front of his face, but she was stuck in the jacket, just as he was. \"Cage!\" Finally he looked towards her, blinking way his dazed expression as he focused on her. \"Yes?' Rita waved Gipsy's right arm, knowing Cage felt the movement, the slight ping of feedback as their thoughts slid together. \"Can you move?\" Cage frowned, concentrating on making the huge Jaegar move. Rita wanted to laugh as he remained still. \"You need to move as well. You move, Gipsy moves.\" she stated as if it were obvious. Cage flushed but he took a small step, his leg straining against the weight of the jacket. She frowned as he began to move gingerly, Rita reacting in counterpart without thought. They reached a balance quickly, moving together without difficulty, beyond Cage's obvious struggle with the jacket. They were anchored into Gipsy via a heavy frame that they called a jacket. It was cumbersome, but was able to be disconnected from the Jaegar if they ever needed to leave her behind. It was outfitted with a machine gun on one arm, and a missile cannon on the other. Spare clips were strapped to their legs, an explosive device strapped to their chest if they were ever ripped from the Gipsy. A quick death that was sure to take at least their attacking Mimic with them. Jamie had gone that way, detonating the explosive a second too late as the Mimic teared into his chest. All in an attempt to distance her from the explosion and spare her his fate, at the expense of her feeling his last moments of terror, the pain that threatened to consume her, and the maddening void when he was gone. It was the void that had threatened her sanity for so long. To be so close to someone, to have that person become an extension of herself, and to have it ripped from her in seconds. The Gipsy had been under repair for four months after that, Rita barely able to make it to base before collapsing. Rita concentrated on Cage the entire run of their trial, watching him for both mental and physical strain. She was once again doubting his choice as her partner. Despite their relatively easy transition into drifting, Cage seemed ill equipped physically to handle the demands of piloting a Jaegar. In an hour of simply walking around the hangar and moving their arms around, his face was flushed and he was breathing heavily. She worried that in combat, he wouldn't be able to follow through on the simplest maneuvers and attacks without overexerting himself. She called it quits when his gasping breaths were all she could hear, drowning out even the communication between Dr. Carter and herself over their headsets. Rita tried to be encouraging, to feel optimistic for Cage's sake, but the nature of drifting meant he could feel her doubt despite her greatest efforts to hide it. To have a successful partnership, they needed to trust each other and their actions implicitly and react accordingly. Cage was helped out of his jacket by Dr. Carter, the flush on his face deepening due to his embarrassment at his own inadequacy. Rita shrugged out of her own jacket easily but waited for Cage. Farell waited for her with raised eyebrows. After every trial drift, even the successful ones, Rita was known to be the first to leave, requiring space to process what she'd learned. And yet she felt sympathetic towards Cage. He shouldn't be here, that much she'd managed to glimpse from his memories. General Brigham had something on Cage, though those thoughts had been buried deep enough that Rita wouldn't see them without digging. And Cage would have sensed her in his darkest memories and shoved her out before she'd discovered anything. Her thoughts were interrupted by General Brigham's booming voice. \"Congratulations, Vrataski! A winner on the first go.\" He seemed oblivious to Cage's heaving chest, or purposely ignored it as his smiled widened alarmingly. \"I couldn't have hoped for a better outcome.\" He clapped his hands together, rubbing them together gleefully as he ordered his men to desist their search for more potential driftmates for Rita. Rita wanted to protest his easy dismissal of Cage's issues, and yet with a glance at Cage's imploring eyes, she kept her mouth firmly shut. Cage looked astounded and slightly desperate at her inaction, and she wondered at it herself. Cage was not an ideal candidate, yet whatever Brigham had on him wouldn't simply go away if she rejected him. He would take his pound of flesh one way or another, perhaps throwing Cage on the frontlines. This way at least, with hours of rigorous training, he had a hope of survival. In Sgt. Farell's own words, \"Battle is the great redeemer.\" Cage would find either redemption or death in the war against the Mimics. She was already certain which fate would be his, though his redemption might come after his death. The guilt threatened to overwhelm her for a moment, but she wouldn't back down. Cage had been volunteered, whether willingly or not wasn't her concern. He was a match. It was her job to make sure he was ready to fight. Her hope, deeply buried, that he might survive. So...Good? Bad? Meh? Please let me know if it's worth continuing. It's an idea I'm considering turning into an multi-chapter fic.[Chapter 2] So, while I do adore the characters in the movie, this is decidedly OOC. And a little short. Still trying to get a feel for the tone of the story so bear with me! Hope you enjoy! She walked him to his new room, conveniently or rather, more disturbingly across from her own. As if his partnership with her was already predetermined. And maybe it was. General Brigham seemed entirely too smug about the entire thing. Rita had been concerned that she and Cage had never undergone the pretrial assessment usually required before even stepping into the Jaegar. And yet they were so compatible. How could he have known they would work so well together? Or maybe he simply hadn't cared either way, planning to keep them together no matter the outcome. She was aware of the growing suspicion, and stigma attached to her name. Rita Vrataski, \"The Angel of Verdun,\" a woman who'd killed hundreds of Mimics, saving just as many with her actions, and yet following after the wake of the Mimics destruction, like an avenging angel. The name made her sick. Rita was lost in her thoughts, walking without paying much attention to her surroundings or the man beside her. Not that she needed to. She'd walked this path more than enough times in the past several years to be able to walk it with her eyes closed. She felt no need to speak to Cage, either to reassure him or get to know him. When his voice interrupted her thoughts, she glanced at him in startled surprise. \"Sgt. Vrataski?\" \"Yes?\" \"I just wanted to thank you.\" Cage cleared his throat, his steps faltering as they neared their assigned rooms. She raised an eyebrow, his gratitude a first from one of her partners. No one wanted to die, and with her their fate had been almost guaranteed. \"For?\" She wondered. \"For everything.\" Cage nodded once, as if reassuring himself. \"You know enough...have seen enough to realize that my relationship with Brigham isn't exactly friendly. Dr. Carter was determined that I go through the usual assessments before even attempting the drift with you. The General obviously overrode him.\" He smiled wryly. \"Obviously, Dr. Carter has the final say on whether I'm partnered with you, compatibility or not. With one word from you, he would have shut down any chance I had. Yet you didn't voice your obvious doubts.\" Rita would not apologize about her very valid concerns about Cage, but she frowned in confusion. \"But I thought...\" \"That I didn't want to join the Jaegar program?\" Rita nodded. Cage laughed, the noise sharp and bitter. \"I'm a coward. I've never claimed to be otherwise. And yet, the only other option was the front lines. Brigham was... generous enough to give me a chance to prove some worth. Either way, I'm dead. The only difference is the time line.\" Rita tilted her head, contemplating his admission. A coward? She'd felt his fear in spades during the drift. But he'd been determined to fight one way or another. Terrified? Yes, Cage was. She would hold judgment on whether he was a coward until she'd seen him fight on the front lines. \"We'll see,\" she murmured noncommittally. \"Maybe you'll be the first of my partners to survive.\" With that last thought Rita said goodnight, gesturing to his new room with a wave before closing her door on his stricken expression. The next morning she was up before first light, her blood pumping adrenaline through her veins. She felt the familiar stirrings of anticipation and dread at the fight before her. She and Cage would be on the battlefield sooner rather than later, the world in desperate need of the few Jaegars they had. And she still needed to get him in shape. Rita knocked on his door before five, eager to start their training. Eagerness turned to nervous energy, and finally to annoyance as Cage failed to answer the door after several minutes. It took her pounding on the door for two minutes straight before the man finally opened the door with bleary-eyed confusion. She refused to admit, even to herself, that his hair looked adorably mussed as it lay flat on one side of his head and stuck straight out on the other. Hendricks , she reminded herself. And any thought of Cage being adorable was shoved out of her head. \"Sgt. Vrataski?\" Cage blinked owlishly and looked around her, clearly wondering why she was banging on his door at quarter to five in the morning. \"Your hair is too long,\" she commented. And it was. The buzz cut military image often portrayed in movies and television wasn't an exaggeration. Or much of one. \"So is yours,\" countered Cage without thought. He was still trying to figure out why Rita was at his door, dressed for combat. Sudden panic gripped him at the implication. Had they been called for duty already? His thoughts tried to sluggishly catch up with the sudden surge of adrenaline, and he felt the beginnings of a migraine. Rita scowled, her fingers straying to the tendrils of hair that had stubbornly escaped her bun, tucking them behind her ear. \"We've got combat training.\" \"At five in the morning?\" Cage looked incredulous. He'd rarely gone to sleep before midnight, waking well after seven in the morning. The thought of doing anything but sleeping before then was bewildering. \"At five in the morning.\" confirmed Rita with an eye roll. Honestly, she was already resisting the urge to smack the dumb expression off Cage's face and she'd known him less than a day. \"It's the middle of the night,\" protested Cage. Rita had no patience for the amount of idiocy she was witnessing and she tapped her foot impatiently. \"No, it's the morning and you're making us late for training. Now get in your room, shower, get dressed, do whatever you have to. I expect you outside your door in twenty minutes.\" She stomped back to her room, slamming the door. She could care less about who she woke, assuming they'd already been woken up by her incessant knocking on Cage's door. And she could care less that Cage outranked her. Fifteen minutes later she was knocking on Cage's door again, and this time he actually answered the door after only a few seconds. He was dressed in similar clothing as she was, his hair still wet and combed back. \"You're early.\" he commented. \"No, you're late.\" Rita turned and started walking down the hall. Cage caught up to her, his steps matching hers. She could tell by the scowl on his face that he was irritated by her brusque tone, but she could care less. She needed him in fighting form when they faced the Mimics, or they'd be dead in five minutes. She ignored the niggling thought that maybe it would be for the best, a relief after so many years of fighting. She refused to be morbid, even about her own death. \"Where are we going?\" Cage asked after a few minutes of oppressing silence. \"You need training, a lot of it. So we're going to be doing that, until you're ready to fight, or until they call on us, whatever comes first.\" \"And you'll be the one to do it?\" Cage asked, unconvinced that he was even capable of learning. Rita nodded once. \"There's no one else,\" she confirmed. \"Everyone is already fighting, or soon to be. The Mimics are gaining ground. We need every man and woman on the ground that we can afford.\" Cage swallowed hard at the news. Fear and an odd sense of anticipation fought together. He didn't want to die, and yet it would be a relief. William Cage, the coward, finally getting what he deserved. And General Brigham could no longer have any control over a dead man. Their training session was both entirely what Rita expected, and extremely disheartening. Cage had an innate ability for self-preservation but his skills seemed nonexistent, his reaction time markedly dire. She attributed some of it to his lack of training and discipline, some of it to his age (forty years old was not the optimum age to be training a body used to an excess amount of idyllic activity, even if he was in good shape), and the rest to his inability to concentrate. His focus was splintered in the first half an hour as he grew frustrated with his own inadequacy. She told him repeatedly to concentrate , to focus . The command worked for about five minutes until he was wallowing in self-pity once again. She admitted that this would be easier if he'd had even the basic knowledge, but his rank was a symbol rather than a badge of merit and ability. And he couldn't shoot worth a damn. It disgusted her that he was even in the military. But she forced her anger aside, in the name of cooperation. She needed Cage to pilot Gipsy. And Cage sure as hell needed her. So she would push him past his own issues, shove her doubts aside and drag them both towards the finish line if she had to. At noon she finally called it, any proficiency Cage had gained was slowly being lost as they grew increasingly aggravated with each other. She was snapping at him, Cage mulishly ignoring her direct commands when she threw up her hands in defeat. \"Fine Cage! Have it your way.\" She stormed from the room, wiping tears of frustration from her eyes as Cage watched with belated remorse. Rita wasn't surprised when she heard a hesitant knock on her door a short time later. She ignored it, choosing to bury her face in her pillow. The knocking persisted, until she heard Cage's voice. \"Sgt. Vrataski? I know you're in there.\" She rolled her eyes. Of course she was in here. She just didn't want to see him. \"Rita? I just want to apologize.\" Rita sighed in resignation, rolling out of bed and to her feet. She opened the door to see Cage's penitent expression. \"What?\" \"I'm sorry.\" Cage started. \"I should have listened to you.\" \"Yeah, you should have.\" She waited for more, her body blocking Cage from entering her room. He shifted from one foot to another, his eyes staring at the wall behind her. \"It's just...I'm not a soldier.\" Her quirked eyebrow seemed to say, oh really? I wouldn't have guessed. \"And...and I know I'm better, that I should be better but I can't stop thinking about what's going to happen out there. We're dead. I know it. You know it.\" Rita took pity on his miserable expression, stepping to the side and gesturing for him to enter. He sat at the lone chair by her desk, Rita dropping onto her bed. \"Look Cage, you can do this. I know you can. And I'm not just saying it to placate you. You just need to-\" \"Focus.\" Cage interjected with a wry smile. \"I got that.\" Rita nodded. \"You're not going to be the best, but we'll be in Gipsy. As long as you can move and react without having a panic attack or losing your breath, we have a chance.\" \"And what about your other partners?\" Cage challenged her. Rita flinched at the reminder, the screams and empty void haunting her. \"Fate is cruel,\" was her only comment. And a bitch. That they'd died and she was still here was something she might never come to terms with. \"Fate is cruel,\" Cage agreed bitterly. \"So we do what we can, the best we can and hope we make it out of this bloody war alive and intact. Is that your suggestion?\" Rita shrugged. \"And kill as many Mimics as we can along the way.\" Cage's shoulders squared, his resolve hardening in front of her eyes as he nodded his assent. \"I'll do better,\" he promised. \"And I'll focus.\" \"All I'm asking.\" Rita murmured, suddenly tired with the entire thing. Cage stood and walked to her door, turning before he exited. \"I'm sorry about the others. I shouldn't have brought them up.\" \"So am I.\" was her only reply. She didn't notice when the door quietly clicked shut, lost once again in thoughts of the past. So a rough start for the pair but it'll get better, I promise! Let me know what you think...[Chapter 3] A note to readers: I suck at writing any sort of battle or fight scene. I'll work on it...until then you get this supremely over-dramatic scene that has me cringing. Hopefully it doesn't turn anyone away from the story itself. I have no beta so all mistakes are my own. Conn-Podd: Cockpit of the Jaegar. Basically the head of the huge robot. Plasmacaster, also known as a Plasma Cannon: A particle dispersal cannon that fires a beam of charged plasma via a carrier rail (taken directly from the Pacific Rim wiki page) The call came all too soon. They'd been training for mere days, Cage nowhere near ready to fight. They'd been in Gipsy Danger only half a dozen times together and yet the connection was easily sought and maintained, strong . But Cage had only worked with the Jacket when necessary. Rita regretted it now when they suited up in Gipsy and she watched as he struggled into his Jacket, this time without Dr. Carter's assistance. If they had to abandon Gipsy then he would have a hard time...but she pushed those thoughts away. She breathed in deeply, her entire body relaxing as the hum of Gipsy vibrated in her bones. Home. Gipsy was home. She heard Cage's breaths, harsh as he tried to calm himself. \"Focus,\" she murmured. She heard Carter's voice, counting down. And then the cold shock of the drift. Cage's thoughts were familiar, his history still hidden, not out of his fear to share, but out of her own reticence. She didn't need to know why he considered himself a coward. They'd been taking short jaunts in Gipsy, each trek leading deeper and deeper into the ocean. The beaches were the last strongholds they had the world over. The Mimics attacked from the water, fast enough that there was little warning. But if they lost the beaches, then they lost everything. The facility the Jaegars were stationed at was empty of the Mimic's presence. They were too far north, and there seemed to be nothing of value in the cold wasteland of the north. The beach was really nothing more than a thin strip of rocks beside the ocean. The Jaegar needed to airlifted to their destination. They were dropped into the ocean off the coast of France. Ground troops were already on the beaches but were being decimated. There were already two other Jaegars at the site but the Mimics seemed to be overwhelming them, the shouts and chaos eclipsed by the powerful blows as Jaegars struck and threw Mimics from one end of the beach to the other. It was why Jaegars were a last resort. Battle with them was messy, dangerous and all-consuming. Your field of sight in a Jaegar was limited, sensors detecting the distinct difference between human heat signatures and Mimics but war was chaotic. Who knew how many soldier's deaths were caused by a Mimic thrown by a Jaegar? But Jaegars were expensive to build and sustain. It took time to find and train the right people to pilot the machine. Rita had heard too many doubts about the Jaegar program. There was a recent push to mass produce Jackets and put every soldier on the ground in one and to slowly phase out the Jaegar program. The plan had been marginally successful, Mimic deaths on the rise and casualties for the UDF on the decline. And yet, the Mimics kept coming, their forces seemed unending. The UDF touted their victories and still Rita felt that they were celebrating too soon. The Mimics pouring out of the portal under the ocean were growing larger, faster, more resilient. Rita knew she and people like her, dedicated and skilled Jaegar pilots were the only reason that the Jaegar program was still functioning. She had more Mimic deaths under her belt than any person alive. And she wouldn't have been able to kill so many with simply her Jacket. She was brought out of contemplation by the jarring landing into the ocean's depths. She heard Cage swearing beside her and spared him a quick glance. His face was bone white, his head shaking once to clear his thoughts and orientate himself with their surroundings. She sent him thoughts of encouragement through the drift and he returned her smile with a shaky one of his own. There was no time for reassurances as she felt the first Mimic attacking Gipsy on her side. The crash of metal clashing was muffled by their reinforced Jaegar frame but they were thrown a little to the side as another Mimic attacked from the rear. Rita reacted immediately, releasing her blade with a practiced flick of her wrist and swinging at the nearest Mimic. Cage's reaction was slightly delayed. Another Mimic erupted from the water and attacked Gipsy's Conn-Pod and Cage finally activated Gipsy's Plasmacaster, striking out at the Mimic before it could tear into the cockpit. The Mimic was hardly deterred, thrown backwards but returning quickly to the attack. The Mimic's reinforced tendrils wove around Gipsy's Conn-Pod, tightening until the metal began to bend with a loud screech. Cage brought his arm up, striking a devastating blow to the Mimic, his Plasmacaster slowly burning into the Mimic's frame, bluish blood burning through Gipsy like acid. Rita was desperately fighting off the other Mimics, having killed three but they were slowly being overwhelmed by over a dozen to take their place. They weren't the only ones in a dire situation. Mimics were attacking Jaegars and soldiers in unending droves. Those that were put down seemed to have several more to replace them in an onslaught of twisting metal flowing from the sea in a wave of destruction. They had no chance, and Rita had the briefest wits about her to realize that it was over. They were going to die. Still she fought, catching Mimics on her blade and rending them limb from writhing limb as Cage fired shot after shot into the Mimic that seemed determined to wrest the Conn-Pod from Gipsy's body. There was a final tearing of metal against metal as the Mimic finally succeeded despite Cage's best efforts. Rita had time for very few thoughts after that. Th is entire battle was short-lived. They were going to die. She would have liked to know Cage better. Everything else was lost to her. She might have lived or died. She might have woken to a world under Mimic rule, or she might have succumbed in unconscious relief, spared from a worse fate. But something else happened instead. Cage was stricken by a mindless terror. If these were to be the last moments of his life he had one desire. If his own mind had let him see past the cloud of adrenaline-fueled fear he might have wished for more. All he wanted in his final moments was to kill the monster that was threatening him. He fired so many shots into the Mimic that finally it faltered, but not before it had succeeded at essentially beheading Gipsy so that the entire floor was ripped from beneath Rita, her Jacket restraints torn apart. His last glimpse of Rita Vrataski was her eyes, wide and dark and filled with a dreaded resignation as she fell far to the beach below. Cage felt the blow of the Conn-Pod hitting the sand, the breath knocked from his lungs as his knees buckled beneath him. He fell forward abruptly, his Jacket so mangled around him that he had no chance to brace for impact or even attempt to soften his landing. His mouth was open in a silent scream, until the beach was all he was breathing, lungs straining as he labored to get air into his lungs, and succeeded in swallowing only grit and sand particles. The Mimic was not dead yet. He was thrown one last time, landing on his back, and feeling the sharp pain of metal as it pierced his spine, and then blessedly nothing. Nothing but terror as the Mimic dragged itself towards him, determined to end him before it died. There were tears on Cage's face, but he could not close his eyes against his fate. It was only in that moment that he remembered the explosives strapped to his chest. His last resort. He managed a smile, wild and crazed as he pulled the pins from his chest. For Rita , he thought, her dark eyes the last image in his head. Unknown to either Cage or Rita was that this Mimic was different. If Rita had a moment to study it she might have realized it at once. This Mimic, this Alpha was larger by almost double than the others. And it's frame, it's body was tinged a metallic blue like it's blood. The Mimics had never intended to lose this war. And the properties of their blood ensured they never would. Yet Cage was changed by the blood that splashed on his face in his dying moments. He never felt the burn as his flesh was melted away from his skull. He never heard his own dying screams. William Cage woke up on the morning before the battle with a terrible knowledge. He woke up, paralyzed by his own memories and wondering just how far he'd fallen into insanity. Well I got a giggle at my terrible writing, how 'bout you? Review? And if anyone has any suggestion how to fix up this chapter it would be appreciated![Chapter 4] First things first (Dammit, you ruined that saying for me Iggy), Rita has not reset in this story, and I'm not sure how I'll proceed with the idea, when she becomes aware of the resets. Because of this, I'm very hesitant to read Believe24's Double Reset in case I accidentally borrow some ideas. (I haven't read it yet?! I was saving it for a special occasion. It does seem to have enough attention that it will be worth the read and I try not to start stories that are in-progress) Secondly, I enjoy POV changes for these two characters, without hopefully repeating scenes too often. POV changes are indicated by a page break to make it less confusing. The dreams plagued Cage. Dreams of another life, the same day over and over. Rita was alive, and that was all that would reassure him. Rita was alive. He'd never had to see the expression on her face just before her death, sometimes fear, or anguish or perhaps worst, resignation. As if she knew this moment was coming. And he was powerless to stop it. He wondered if he was truly insane, waking up day after day, dying over a dozen times already. Only to wake up in the same room, heart pounding, gasping breaths forced from his lungs. But he kept it together enough to realize that Rita could know nothing of his dreams or hallucinations. It helped that even during the drift she was closed off from him. The most they shared was surface thoughts, though those were damning enough in Cage's case. He had a desperate need to keep her safe, so he pushed himself to be better than he was. And no matter the times he'd died, failed Rita in the worst way, his mind remembered what he'd learned. Every time Rita threw him on his ass was a feedback of what he should have done, what he would do next time. Always next time. And he improved, inch by hard won inch. Until Rita would stare at him with a quizzical expression, with disbelieving eyes as he blocked an attack. He could not be called skilled yet, but he could be deemed adequate. And Rita was puzzled by his leaps and bounds in such a short time. It was a curse and blessing. He always woke on the same day, in the same moment. He could hardly remember the day that was before this moment, when his training had been going dismally, when Rita had stormed off the floor with aggravation after every session. He had to remind himself that for Rita it had only been a few short hours between saying goodnight and knocking on the door for another day of training. For Cage it had been two weeks. Two weeks of death, though the exact method changed with every passing day. And she was beginning to watch him closely, her eyes filled with faint suspicion. It was Rita's reactions to him that finally convinced him that whatever was happening was real. He'd known of course, but he'd shoved the knowledge of what this could mean deep down. How could he possibly deal with the idea that only he was reliving the same day over and over? Rita knocked on his door to wake him up. As usual, he'd woken up a few hours before, taking the intervening moments before the knock to mentally come to terms with his newest death. He needed the time to analyze every second, to plan for the next move without losing track of his previous movements during the battle on the beach. It was getting harder and harder to memorize everything. So this was the first time since he'd established some semblance of habit that Rita had to knock more than once before he opened the door. \"Why did you take so long to answer the door?\" Rita asked immediately. \"You usually...\" She trailed off in confusion. \"Wait, never mind.\" She shook her head to clear it and gestured for him to follow her. Cage's eyes widened in sudden trepidation. Could she be remembering with him? Every time he'd answered the door either just before she knocked or as soon as the first knock sounded she'd been surprised. Or a little apprehensive, so he'd stopped opening the door in anticipation of her knock. It had always been Rita banging on the door until he answered, every morning before the beaches. One day for her, and too many bleeding together for him. He watched her closely, his nerves on edge as he looked for any indication that he wasn't the only one living through this madness. But after that slip on her part, she was back to normal. Normal being her usual no nonsense commitment to training him with no communication beyond the necessary. But he was becoming used to the wall she placed between them. He understood it. He'd died enough times to know that her fear of his death was well-founded. If she befriended him, cared for him at all, it was only setting her up for heartache when he died. That didn't mean he didn't try to chip away at the wall, little by little. Cage was watching her again. It was unnerving. Their day began at the same time, before five in the morning. Today she felt a sense of urgency when they started their session, almost as if something was about to happen. She pushed Cage hard, harder than she had before, not checking her blows, nicking him a few times with the blade she carried when she was wearing her jacket. He should have been hard pressed to keep up with her, but he wasn't. It was as if he anticipated every move and reacted without thought. Still, they were both sweating and breathing heavily when she decided on a break a couple hours later. The sun still hadn't risen in the cold temperate of the north, but she felt the need to escape the confined space of the room they used to train. \"I need some air,\" Rita announced, bracing her hands on her knees as she breathed in. Cage was currently crouched on the ground, tying his laces. His head snapped up at her statement, something akin to shock written in his eyes. \"Air?' He uttered, eyes comically wide. Rita snorted at his expression. \"Yes, Cage. Air. This room is too hot. I'm heading outside.\" She tugged a sweater over her head. Just as she was ready to leave, Cage stopped her with an arm on her shoulder. \"Rita...Sgt. Vrataski, you can't leave yet.\" Rita shrugged off his hand, irritation at Cage making her step back from him. \"And why can't I?\" She glared, waiting for him to provide a valid excuse. Rita had the feeling that he was hiding something from her all morning. She'd felt an odd prickling of anticipation when she'd knocked on Cage's door that morning. Not banged, as she had every morning, but knocked. She could try and convince herself that it was merely out of a sense of consideration. They'd been training for days without rest. And Cage had to be used to the banging by now, didn't he? When she'd knocked, she'd expected an immediate response despite her improbable rationalization. But it took him awhile to answer. One knock, two, three, until anxiety was coiling in the pit of her stomach. And she didn't know why. He'd never answered the door right away, being such a heavy sleeper. And when he'd answered, with alert eyes and mussed hair, the words had just slipped out. \"Why did you take so long to answer the door. You usually...\" And she'd stopped, confused at her own words. Cage never answered the door right away and he'd never looked so awake when doing so, usually appearing heavy-lidded and yawning. Yet, why did it feel like today was an err from their usual schedule, more than any other day? \"Never mind.\" she muttered, gesturing for him to follow. And the feeling of deja vu had been shadowing her all morning. She should have been shocked at his drastically improved abilities. And she was surprised, but more relieved than anything. And the feeling confused her. So she needed to get out of the room, where Cage wasn't watching her with careful consideration, almost as if he was waiting for something from her. She was driving herself mad and so was he. \"Why can't I?\" She repeated with deliberate slowness. She watched panic flare in his eyes as he looked around the room. He glanced at the clock, and something in him relaxed. \"We're not finished training.\" He spoke as if if were obvious, but it wasn't the reason. Rita knew it, just as she knew they were about to be interrupted. She knew without understanding why, and it irritated the hell out of her. A young man ran into the room, out of breath as he relayed his message. \"The Mimics are attacking the beaches and we're being overrun. The General needs you.\" Cage sighed, and Rita wasn't sure if it was out of relief or resignation. Cage breathed in deeply, relaxing himself. He heard Rita's voice in his head telling him to Focus, just as he'd heard it several times before. He responded without thought. It wasn't until Rita's voice rang in his ears after he'd reassured her that he realized she hadn't actually spoken yet. He was only anticipating it. He glanced to his right, his response dying at the expression on her face. She was staring at him with a mix of anger and confusion. Cage looked away as Dr. Carter began the countdown. He felt the familiar rush of cool sensation as they entered the drift. Rita's voice drowned out his own thoughts, the turmoil in her head threatening to upset the balance. He was shown more of Rita's history in those few short seconds than he'd ever known before. Only Jamie had ever known what she was thinking before she spoke. And that had followed after several months of constant interaction, months of being in each others' thoughts. Jamie had been her best friend. And yet Cage responded to her unspoken words without thought. They hadn't been connected in the drift so there was no way he would have known what she was going to say. He might have guessed, she'd harped on him constantly to focus. It was practically her mantra to him. And yet the oddness of the morning was still fresh in her mind. The way he looked at her, with equal parts relief and determination. The heavy sense that she'd been here before. It was enough to overwhelm her, when she started to receive Cage's thoughts. This time I'll get it right. She won't die. Rita. Rita. Rita. RITA! She was back in those final moments with Jamie. It should have been routine. Mimics were attacking the coastline off of Alaska. One of the only times they ever did. Jamie and she were stationed in Alaska and it was supposed to be an easy assignment after being thrown in places hardest struck by Mimic attacks. There had been a boat, with a crew of only ten men. They'd been advised to fall back to the mainland, to protect the city of over two million with the rest of the Jaegars. Jamie disagreed with the order. Rita had been against his plan from the start. She felt they should follow orders, to return to the coast and the middle of the battle. She wasn't heartless, but ten men stupid enough to take a boat out in the middle of a storm didn't deserve her pity. The thousands of people currently threatened by the Mimics deserved their protection. But Jamie was adamant. He was set in his ideals, seeing everything in black and white. Saving these men, no matter their stupidity, was right. Leaving them to their fate would have been wrong. And Rita went with Jamie's plan because he was her friend, because she'd always wished she was as selfless as he was. She was in this war for revenge for her family. Jamie was in it to do what was right, no matter the cost. She admired that. When they got to the boat, it was dangerously close to being upended by the size of the waves. The sky was black, the night lit only by Gipsy's head-beams and the feeble light provided by the small fishing vessel. They grabbed the boat in Gipsy's palm, eager to take it back to the coast. The Mimics attacked quickly, the warning of Dr. Carter drowned out, coming too late. It was a short battle. They were outnumbered by at least a dozen Mimics. They wrapped themselves around the arms of Gipsy, tearing into the metal and tugging until one was ripped from the body, exposing the Conn-Podd on Jamie's side. Jamie's screams were the last thing she remembered, loud in her ears, as loud as his voice in her head. I don't want to die. Protect Rita. Run, Rita. Rita! She'd woken up collapsed on the beach the next morning, still strapped into her jacket, Gipsy's legs resting under the waves of the oncoming tide. Finally, the alarm signals on the base brought her back to the present. Cage's voice was in her head yelling her name. His voice replaced Jamie's in her head, and she forced herself to come back from her memories. She'd reacted to her memories without thought, bringing out Gipsy's blade in a defensive stance. Luckily the plasmacaster was controlled almost entirely by Cage, and his arm remained firmly at his side. Dr. Carter was shouting to be heard above Cage, demanding to know what had happened. And the mission was aborted. Rita protested, certain that her momentary lapse was an aberration and wouldn't be repeated. But Dr. Carter was adamant that she take a breather, at least for the next couple of hours while he studied the data. Even Cage protested at being grounded, which only raised her suspicion. Just the day before he'd been apprehensive about the entire idea of fighting Mimics. Had it been only one night? Rita shoved her doubts away, and concentrated on Cage. Cage was currently pacing her room while she sat on her bed, her fingers drumming against the sheets. She never would have let him in her room but she felt the need to keep an eye on him. The difference in him from the day before was tangible, something in him fundamentally changed in one night. But there was one thing she needed to know before anything else. \"Cage.\" He paused in his stride, turning his face towards her with a raised eyebrow. \"How did you know what I was going to say?\" Cage looked stricken, a multitude of emotions crossing his face before finally settling on dread. \"You won't believe me.\" He turned away from her before speaking, his voice subdued. Rita could barely understand what he was saying. \"I thought I was crazy. Maybe I am. I just know we need to be out there on the beaches. Or everyone dies. But then they die anyway. You die. We all do.\" Rita took a deep breath, certain she would regret the words but knowing she couldn't stand for anything else but the truth, or his version of it. \"The world is crazy, Cage. Try me.\"[Chapter 5] I know it's been months since I updated so I'm sorry for that. I'm not a quick updater by any means, but I really lost the urge to write anything for the last three months. Too much other stuff going on. Thanks for the patience for anyone that is still reading. Cage wondered how many times he would explain this to her, how many resets before the memory would start to blend together with the rest. He wondered if this would be the time that he would truly die, and never have to repeat another day. \"Something is wrong with me.\" He stated, choosing his words carefully, uncertain how to explain without Rita ridiculing him, or believing he was truly crazy like he'd claimed. \"I know.\" Rita spoke as if it was obvious, but she was watching him, paying more attention to him than she ever had. \"You're different. Different than yesterday. How?\" Cage wasn't sure why he should be surprised. Rita didn't care for him, not like he was beginning to care for her. But why should she? She was right to assume he would die, because he already had so many times. Just because she seemed to loathe his presence in her life and the complications he presented didn't mean she was completely oblivious to him. She was observant enough to realize that no man could improve so drastically after one night of sleep. Cage was leaning against her wall, his pacing forgotten as he slid to the floor with his head in his hands. How to explain? How to make her understand? He was suddenly afraid of how much her opinion meant to him, how much he cared about what she thought of him. It was ludicrous, but she mattered to him. \"It's hard to explain.\" He glanced up in time to see Rita roll her eyes in exasperation. \"Of course it is.\" There was an underlying note of sarcasm that got under his skin, his already taut nerves beginning to fray under the pressure of a sudden change in routine. Even a routine as fucked up as his had become. \"It is hard to explain.\" He let out his breath in exasperation. \"It's been a night, only a single night since yesterday. But it feels like so many. I'm starting to forget all the little things that have changed. Or maybe they haven't changed at all?\" He lost himself in analyzing the different ways Rita had died, in the amount of time he'd spent grieving for one person on so many different occasions that should have been the same moment. \"You're not making any sense Cage.\" Rita's tone was fearful, suspicion dawning in her eyes. \"I know.\" Cage sighed. \"Nothing makes sense. You died, and I followed. But not before I took the Mimic with me. Not before I died with his blood burning in my eyes and searing my throat.\" \"You died?\" Rita was trying her best to keep her voice controlled but she could feel it growing louder as a sudden hysteria threatened. Either Cage was crazier than she'd suspected, or something was seriously wrong with both of them. Because something in her mind poked at her, something told her that he was speaking the truth. Not a memory, but a feeling that tugged at her. She knew. \"I know how it sounds.\" Cage laughed bitterly. \"I thought it was crazy too, at first. I thought I'd lost my mind.\" \"Why haven't I seen any of it?\" she questioned, more to herself than to Cage but he jumped on the question. \"Why is right.\" he agreed. \"Because you block me at every moment, because you know nothing about me, because sharing anything besides surface thoughts during the drift is expressly forbidden.\" \"Forbidden?\" Rita scoffed. \"I'd hardly say that.\" \"Of course it's forbidden!\" Cage exploded in frustration. \"What I saw today, what little I glimpsed was completely involuntary on your part. You didn't want me to see it, you don't want me to see anything about you. Have I pushed? No. I've wanted to share everything with you. To share with at least one person who could at least verify that I wasn't fucking insane!\" Cage had gotten to his feet after the first sentence, his arms gesturing wildly as he ranted. But after his final statement he seemed drained, his shoulders dropping in resignation. \"I don't expect to suddenly become your best friend, Rita. I never wanted that. But I did hope for some reassurance, some sign that what I was attempting to fix wasn't futile.\" He sighed. \"I was looking for support, I guess.\" Rita's thoughts were swirling in her head, the sudden pounding in her temples doing little to distract her from Cage's words. \"I don't understand.\" She finally said. \"I don't understand how I can believe you, and yet I have no idea what the hell you're talking about. What is it that you need to fix?\" Cage opened his mouth to respond but was interrupted before he could speak by the sudden blaring of the alarms, the red light installed above her door flashing. They were under attack. \"Cage.\" Rita spoke with urgency, \"We'll discuss this later. We need to get to Gipsy.\" Cage shook his head, his eyes looking past her to something she couldn't see, a moment she'd never experienced. \"It's too late.\" he spoke with regret, his eyes closing briefly. \"There's nothing we can do. They're already here.\" \"Who's already here?\" Rita demanded as Cage made no move to react to the alarms. \"The Mimics? We need to stop them.\" But Cage ignored her, talking to himself. \"I've never been here, not when they attacked. But Dr. Carter, I heard him. Heard him when they attacked. You were dead, it was over. By this time the beach is gone.\" Rita had no patience for Cage's sudden lapse into memories. She stood from her spot on the edge of her bed, the alarm blaring above her door spurring her to action. She moved past Cage, shoving the door open, ready to sprint to Dr. Carter and find out what they could do. Cage grabbed her arm, his grip painful as he tried to tug her back into the relative safety of the room. \"What the hell are you doing, Cage?\" Rita tried to yank her arm away from him but his grip only tightened. \"Keeping you alive, Rita. Stay here, I'll find Carter.\" Rita scowled. \"And how the hell do you expect to get Gipsy to work without me?\" she demanded. Cage looked ready to argue but Rita shook her head, silencing him with a glare. \"We don't have time for this Cage.\" She pulled her arm away from him. \"Stay, go. I don't care. We can't hide our heads in the sand forever.\" \"No, we can't,\" he agreed, but she had a feeling that he meant something entirely different than she did. She led the way out of the room, finding it odd that no one else seemed to be around. But then, perhaps the rest of the jaegar pilots and units had been sent out to fight, leaving only support staff behind. Which meant the base was completely vulnerable to the Mimic's attack. It was far too quiet, the only noise coming from the blaring alarms. They ran towards the hangar where Gipsy and hopefully Dr. Carter were waiting for them. The way was clear, though they had yet to see another person. Rita wanted to call out, for General Brigham, for Sgt. Farell, for Dr. Carter. They at least should still be on the base. But something kept her silent, moving quickly and watching out for anything unusual. Cage was tense, following her closely enough that she could feel his breaths against her ear and neck. She glanced to her right, realizing that Cage was almost on top of her, colliding with her as she stopped. \"What is it?\" Cage whispered. \"Nothing,\" Rita hissed, motioning for him to fall back a little. They continued to the hangar with Gipsy, Rita breaking into a run as they finally heard the first noises besides the blaring alarms, Cage tight on her heels as they moved towards a raised voice. \"They're dead.\" Dr. Carter seemed in shock, falling heavily into a seat at their appearance. \"Who?\" Rita demanded. \"Everyone.\" Dr. Carter's head dropped into his hands. \"Every single Jaegar is gone, and I'm assuming the rest of the soldiers haven't fared any better. We're all that's left.\" \"Where's Brigham and MSgt. Farell?\" Cage was studying the room around them, trying to memorize this moment. Carter snorted in disgust. \"Brigham ran off to his private chopper the moment the alarms started blaring. He's dead. The Mimics attacked the airfield first. Farell went to look for you two. He should be back shortly.\" \"What are we going to do?\" Rita wondered, falling into the nearest seat with a dazed expression. Every Jaegar pilot gone, every soldier she'd ever met, dead. Dr. Carter looked as lost as she did, shaking his head in wordless confusion. \"Fight,\" Cage declared. \"It's the only thing we can do.\" \"Didn't you hear me?\" asked Carter incredulously. \"Everyone's dead. We can't fight an entire Mimic army by ourselves.\" \"We can try,\" Cage's face was set with determination. \"Cage,\" Rita spoke hesitantly. She wanted to agree with him, everything in her telling her to fight until they were all dead, but was that the answer? Their fight seemed futile, but surely they could figure out some way without charging headfirst to their deaths. \"I'm afraid the boy's right,\" came MSgt. Farell's booming voice. They all jumped at Farell's sudden appearance, Cage's loud gasp might have been amusing under different circumstances. As it was, Rita merely rolled her eyes, saluting Farell before addressing him. \"Cage's right?\" Rita questioned. Farell grimaced. \"I know, never thought I'd see the day I'd agree with Cage, but I see no other option. Carter's right, we're all that's left and we don't have long. The Mimic's are making their way through the compound and killing anyone on sight. There's no time to make plans. If there is any chance any of us is getting out of here it's in Gipsy.\" Rita nodded, already moving towards the doors that led to Gipsy. Dr. Carter sprung into action, turning in his seat and typing furiously on the keyboard, preparing to initialize the drop of the Conn-Podd onto Gipsy's body. \"Wait!\" Cage's voice caused them all to pause in their actions, Rita shooting him an impatient glare. \"Someone has to stay behind.\" Rita's face paled, realization dawning in her expression. Someone had to initialize the drop from the operations room. And the only person with the appropriate knowledge was Dr. Carter. \"Then we all stay.\" Rita petitioned. \"And we all die for nothing,\" Farell retorted. \"This is the only way.\" \"We're not leaving you to die.\" Cage was adamant. Even as the fear threatened to choke him, flashbacks of several very painful deaths crossing his mind, he tried to find courage. They started arguing, Rita's and Cage's shouted denials drowned out by Farell's valid appraisal. Only Dr. Carter could initialize the drop, and only Cage and Rita could operate Gipsy. \"Hey. Hey! RITA!\" They all turned towards Carter's raised voice. \"Farell's right.\" He raised his hand to stall more of Rita's denials. \"I never said I wanted to die. I want to live as much as the next man, so I have a suggestion.\" He made sure he had their attention. \"So Rita and Cage get in Gipsy and suit up. There's more than one armored vehicle in the hangar. Farell and I drive one to the airfield with cover from you two. I've checked the surveillance and there are a few helicopters still intact. If we somehow make it that far, we ride out of here in a chopper, keeping contact with you through radio, and you two can meet us at the nearest safe location.\" \"It's a suicide mission.\" Rita stated somberly. \"Never said it wasn't,\" agreed Dr. Carter. \"It's all I got. Unless you have any better ideas?\" \"And what about all the people still on base?\" Cage asked. \"We leave them to die?\" Dr. Carter shook his head sadly, tapping his earpiece. \"I've been keeping track of all channels. No one's responded. It would be a miracle if anyone made it out. There weren't many people left at the base as it was and the Mimics attacked so quickly...to put it simply: we weren't prepared.\" \"Okay,\" Rita nodded. \"If we're going to attempt this, it needs to be now.\" If Cage had learned anything from this particular experience, it was that he never wanted to repeat it. It was a disaster from the beginning. They'd waited too long to act, too long to save anyone. But then, they probably had no chance from the moment the alarms blared. Dr. Carter's voice was in their ears, the familiarity of protocol settling at least Rita's nerves. \"Okay you two. Here we go.\" \"Engaging drop.\", an automated voice announced as the Conn-Podd was released to fall on the body of the Jaegar. Cage's nerves were frayed, his stomach dropping as it did every time they went through the drop. Usually the doors to the Conn-Podd were secured on the outside by one of the support workers. But as it was only the four of them, Rita had locked them tight from the inside, punching a code that secured the outer doors automatically. \"Securing the Conn-Podd.\" The 'head' of the Jaegar was twisted into place, locking onto the rest of Gipsy. Then it was time for the drift, the automated voice guiding them along. \"Initiating neural handshake.\" Cage felt a shock of cold, his mind blanking and eyes viewing only white as the neural interface drift was initiated. He could only dimly hear MSgt. Farell's voice as he worked to suppress any memory that might pull him in. \"Left hemisphere calibrated.\" The automated voice announced, drowning out Dr. Carter's heavy breathing in their ears. \"Right hemisphere calibrated.\" There was a jarring feeling, as if something in their minds locked into place. \"Pilot to Jaegar connection complete...calibration complete.\" They linked easily in the drift, Cage pushing every fear he held too deep for Rita to find, and he ignored the lowly urge to probe into her memories. Rita was completely focused on the plan, the details running through the link, a distinct warning laced within her instructions. Don't screw this up, Cage. But he couldn't promise her he wouldn't, as much as he wanted to. He knew how this had to end. As much as he fought against fate, the tide pulled him ever on, to Rita's death and his own. Cage's vision cleared, Rita already watching him with a grim expression. He nodded once to show he was ready. \"They're knocking at the door ladies. We need to get a move on.\" MSgt. Farell's usually boisterous tone was sharp and thin. Cage had the oddest feeling that Farell was afraid, though he'd heard enough lectures of war to know the man had fought in enough of them to last a lifetime. Gipsy could be transported off base by one of two ways. Usually, if their destination was relatively close, Gipsy was driven out the hangar doors to the edge of the base and dropped straight into the ocean. Then they made their way to their destination by water. Traveling through the water quickly and with greater maneuverability was a necessity when dealing with the Mimics. They were still at a slight disadvantage. Mimics were not piloted, though Cage had the growing suspicion that they were controlled. They worked as a cohesive unit, reacting to each other as if they were simply one limb of a greater body, seemingly without thought or delay. The other way took time, but it was their only option if all of them wanted to survive. They would have to step off the platform that usually transported them and walk the short distance to the airfield, providing necessary cover for Farell and Dr. Carter. In normal situations Gipsy could then be picked up using reinforced cables and airlifted to a destination with the required assistance of four helicopters, but they didn't have that luxury. Even if Dr. Carter knew how to pilot a helicopter like MSgt. Farell did, the attempt would be useless. Gipsy was too heavy for only two helicopters. So after they reached the airfield, Farell would pilot a single helicopter to a safer location, while Rita and Cage dove into the ocean and attempted to meet up with them. Everything depended on how many Mimics they faced. A Jaegar was built to withstand heavy damage, but being far outnumbered would mean death. Farell turned to Dr. Carter, his mustache twitching as he spoke urgently. \"As soon as the drift is initiated, we run. Understood?\" Carter could only nod, swallowing hard at the sound of metal against metal. This area of the compound was protected at every exit with reinforced doors, designed to give Jaegars the needed time to deploy in the event of an attack. There were procedures to follow, and there was always the implicit understanding that his life was expendable in the grand scheme of things. But he wanted to live, and if he wasn't here, he knew that Farell would forgo the attempt to make it out alive. He knew his duty. He might have suggested the plan for Rita and Cage's peace of mind, but he would not have executed it, willing to sacrifice himself for the woman he cared for as a daughter, and the man who could ensure she made it to safety. Carter knew he was a coward. He wasn't a soldier, just a simple engineer. And the sound of the Mimics trying to break through the doors terrified him. His thoughts were interrupted by the automated voice. He was already moving towards the door when the drift procedure was initiated. Rita was the first to move, Gipsy's right leg stepping off the platform, with only a slight hesitation before the left leg followed. Cage watched the progress of Farell and Dr. Carter. Dr. Carter veered off and ran towards the armored vehicles while Farell made his way to the massive hangar doors. Rita and Cage were at the doors in a few steps, ready to stop any Mimics that attempted to attack Farell. Dr. Carter drove up behind them, Farell already sprinting for the vehicle while the doors began to slide open. They never made it to the airfield. They never made it out of the doors of the hangar. Rita and Cage were bombarded by dozens of Mimics as soon as the doors were wide enough. Farell made it into the vehicle, but it didn't matter in the end. It was everything Cage had feared. Rita was by far the fiercest of the two of them, slashing her blade and cutting apart the waves of Mimics. Cage activated the plasma cannon, tearing the Mimics apart, but he'd already resigned himself to death, a heavy feeling of inevitability settling on his shoulders. They had no chance. He heard the fearful and pained cries of Dr. Carter, his final scream cut off by a sick gurgle, but Farell died silently and Cage heard nothing from him. He could hear Rita in his ear, screaming at the Mimics, her pain tearing into him through the drift, overwhelming every single one of his senses, until her mind became his own. He could taste the metallic bite of blood in his mouth from Rita biting her tongue, feel the sweat sliding down her back, the painful chafing of the jacket against the exposed skin of her wrists where the fabric of her suit had been torn. He could hear Dr. Carter's final gasping breath as an echo, the metal screech of Mimics tearing into Gipsy twice as loud. He could smell blood and fear and sweat and almost gagged at the stench of it. And he could feel the grief, the denial she harbored at Farell's death. He'd done so much more for her than she'd ever asked for. Coached her through the first drift, been present at almost every one that followed. He'd been the one to tell her of Jamie's death, when she'd woken up from the hospital and had forgotten, for even just a moment. It was the softest she'd ever heard him speak before, and she'd pulled away from the sympathy he'd offered. He was all she had after her parent's died, after every one of her co-pilots died, the only person who'd been there from the start. And he was dead. Her grief overwhelmed them both, but Cage was aware enough to realize when the hull was compromised, the top of the Conn-Podd tearing away. He twisted Gipsy's body, taking the brunt of the ensuing blow as the Mimic's attacked. His death was swift, several tentacles punching through his suit at once, one tearing directly into his heart. The last thing he heard was Rita's voice screaming in his ears. Thanks for reading![Chapter 6] Hello! Sorry about the long wait. There have been some big changes in my life recently. I am now the temporary guardian of my little brother. It's no surprise I have no time to write, while I attempt to settle into a new routine and rearrange my life around him (with absolutely no regrets). I will apologize in advance for the slower than usual updates. Right now he is the most important aspect of my life. Thanks for the patience! This chapter is mostly a filler, an apology of sorts for the long wait. Rita woke up screaming. Images tore at her consciousness, images of her death, of Ca ge watching her with anguish in his dark eyes. She relived her death over a dozen different times, through eyes that weren't her own. His feelings of despair, grief and pain overwhelmed her. There were too many memories to process, the emotions associated with each growing stronger with every ensuing moment. Sadness falling into despair, fear evolving into grief and heartbreak. Cage became another person before her eyes, the tearing ache of overworked limbs, the fine balance he'd kept for so long between hope and despair, the trauma he suffered, both mentally and physically as he died numerous times in quick succession. But worse was the obsession he gained with Rita herself, the need to save her, the desire that chipped away at his willpower, that urged him to taste her lips, just once, just once before they died yet again. The possession he'd begun to feel for her, the jealousy that warred with guilt at her openness with Dr. Carter and MSgt. Farrell. She should be troubled, should be sick with pity and even fear, as she was faced with Cage's mindless focus on her. And yes, she felt a bone-deep pity, but it was overshadowed by shock. On closer inspection, she realized with rising horror and fascination that William Cage loved her. He loved her, and she'd felt nothing for him in turn. Nothing except a self-enforced indifference that occasionally morphed into annoyance when he stared too long. And now she knew why . Why his eyes followed her when she was doing something as simple as gulping down water from a bottle, as simple as eating rations that tasted like sawdust on her tongue. Rita barely made it to the toilet in time, the meager contents of her stomach emptying into the porcelain bowl with a sickening splash. It was only then that she acknowledged the pounding on her door, the panicked cries of Cage himself. And her first thought was not again. She waited anxiously for the blaring alarms that would indicate that time was up, but there was nothing to do but wait for another death. A quick glance at the alarm clock that rested on her bedside table indicated that it was barely 1 in the morning, her alarm set to go off in less than four hours. She thanked Farrell silently for the seclusion of their rooms, the discreet distance placed between their facing rooms and the other pilots. She felt a flicker of amusement at all the times she'd pounded on Cage's door, on the reason why the action had started to seem strangely familiar, unsettling as the knocks seemed to echo in her head. She'd been picking up hints from Cage for weeks, perhaps slipping through cracks during the drift, memories that clung to her subconscious that she'd been able to ignore. The nagging feeling of déjà vu should have been the first internal alarm, but Rita was a master at self-deception. She'd forced herself to be, after suffering heartbreak one too many times when someone she hadn't wanted to care about died. \"I-I'm coming,\" she managed to croak out between chapped lips, her throat sharply painful with a need for water. Rita felt light headed as she rose to her feet unsteadily. She shut her eyes against the sudden bout of nausea, the flickers of memories that tried to intrude to the forefront of her mind. When she felt that she could move without throwing up, she leaned carefully, turning the tap on and gulping down water until she was coughing it out. \"I'm coming!\" she announced once again as the pounding continued incessantly. Rita barely avoiding getting hit in the face by Cage's knuckle as he attempted to knock as she opened the door. Rita glared at him, yet shifted awkwardly as she watched his gaze travel anxiously from her eyes down the length of her body. She could no longer deny that he looked worried, that the relief he felt was too immense for something as simple as a nightmare. She flinched as his hand reached out to her, settling with a painful grip around her arm. He shook her once, the tension relaxing from his shoulders as he touched her bare arms. And Rita could read the thoughts in his head as if they were her own. She's safe, she's real , repeated as a mantra in his head as Cage composed himself. This wasn't the first time he'd assured himself she was okay, though it was the first time in this particular situation. It was odd to see both sides, to know what he was thinking simply from the look in his eyes. The painful relief in his eyes was awkward for her to see. She didn't want this knowledge, she didn't need the added complication that Cage's feelings for her created. \"What do you want?\" she demanded angrily. She sighed at Cage's flinch, aware that she was responding unreasonably when he was only showing concern. But at that moment she hated him, and herself. Hated him for the added complication to their already tumultuous relationship. She desperately wanted to return to yesterday, when she'd been able to ignore Cage, when she'd been convinced that she didn't care for what he wanted, what he felt, whether he lived or died. It was a callous outlook but it had helped her survive. Cage flinched, stepping back. \"You were screaming.\" \"And?\" Irritation flickered across Cage's face. \"And I wanted to make sure you were okay.\" Rita spread her arms out, gesturing once at herself before dropping her arms. \"As you can see, I'm fine. No need to be banging at my door in the middle of the fucking night.\" Cage froze at her hostile demeanor, taking in her hunched shoulders, her defensive posture. He opened his mouth to speak but seemed to think better of it and shut it with an audible snap of teeth. He turned abruptly and walked to his room, closing his door. The soft click of the door seemed too final for Rita. He hadn't deserved her ire, and perhaps was wondering what he'd done to receive such a hostile reception. But then again, maybe he'd guessed the reason. Rita thought of going to his room and apologizing but she was still processing his memories, still attempting to cling to some distance. Rita was afraid. Of Cage, of his feelings, of her own. His thoughts were clouding her mind, the ache of need he felt whenever he was around her was contagious, her skin itching with the need to touch him. It wasn't desire, it wasn't love, was fast becoming a necessity, plain and simple. She wanted to run her hands through his hair, already too long after a few short weeks. She wanted to touch his cheek, stroke the tempered line of his jaw to ease the clench of teeth. She wanted to touch her palm to his chest, to feel the skin warm and slick, his heart beating strong against her palm, proof that he yet lived. It wasn't desire and it wasn't love, but as much as she resisted, Rita was afraid that it could become either, or both. And still she knew nothing about him, nothing except that he held secrets that weighed heavy on his conscience. That he loved her with a startling desperation, and that his love for her was blinding him to everything that was important. He wanted to stop the Mimics to ensure her safety, to save the world from an inevitable end. But he put her safety above that goal and it needed to stop. Rita fell into her bed with a heavy sigh, wondering once again why her life was so complicated. She fell asleep with Cage on her mind. It was no surprise that she dreamed of him the rest of the night. XX Rita's reaction times were slow, her mind weighed down by what had happened the day before, what would happen again today. If Cage noticed, he chose to ignore it, his own attention focused internally. \"I'm sorry Cage.\" He was startled out of his contemplation by her voice. He didn't pretend to misunderstand what she was apologizing for, waving off her remorse as if the incident meant nothing. The old Rita might have accepted his apparent indifference, but then the old Rita wouldn't have reacted so strongly in the first place. She knew how much her actions had bothered him, had hurt him. \"No Cage, I'm sorry…for everything .\" He flinched, sighing at the determined set of her shoulders. \"I'd wondered….you remember?\" Rita nodded jerkily, fighting the urge to run fast and far away from the wounded expression on his face. \"Some of it, enough of it. How did it happen?\" Cage smiled bitterly. \"Right to the point then?\" Rita nodded once. \"I don't know. I explained about the blue Mimic?\" \"But…how did this happen?\" Cage shrugged helplessly. \"I know as much as you do. I have no idea how the Mimics work, how they function, where the hell they even come from.\" Rita frowned, her eyes brightening in sudden thought. \"Dr. Carter! He's been studying the Mimics as much as he's been able to under the current circumstances. Maybe he could shed some light.\" \"It's worth a shot. I'm tired.\" And he was, so tired of being the only one who knew what was going to happen, the only person who carried the weight of their inevitable demise. \"I know.\" Rita showed her sympathy by placing her hand on his shoulder, hoping that he knew that she understood more than anyone else ever could. XX To say Dr. Carter was shocked by their bombardment of information was underwhelming in the extreme. He spent minutes explaining to them that what they proposed was impossible. It was only Rita that could finally get through to him, with sharply spoken words and a firm shake or two of his shoulders. \"Cage isn't lying. I've seen what he's seen, through the drift.\" Rita insisted. Dr. Carter ran his fingers through his hair haphazardly, his expression conveying his disbelief. \"What you see during the drift is subjective. Nightmares appear just as real, as vivid as memories. Maybe you thought-\" \"I know what the hell I saw Carter.\" Rita gestured at Cage. \"He's been living through hell. His memories are worse than any nightmare you could envision.\" She could see Carter was ready to deny the truth again. \"Damn it Carter! I'm not crazy.\" \"I never suggested you were Rita.\" He glared at Cage. \"Him, on the other hand…\" Cage glared at Carter, throwing his hands up in defeat. \"He's not going to believe us, Rita. He never believes me. No one does.\" Rita lifted an eyebrow. \"What do you mean?\" Cage scowled. \"I've tried explaining, to Carter, to Farell, even to General Brigham. It's no good. At best, they lock me up. At worst…\" Cage shuddered. \"At worst, they dissect me.\" \"They what ?\" Rita hadn't gotten any of those memories, but she felt suddenly queasy at the idea that they'd ripped Cage apart, and for what? \"Trust me, it's not pleasant.\" \"Why didn't you come to me?\" Rita demanded. \"What if you remembered? What if you didn't believe me and remembered that?\" Rita stared at Cage with pity, understanding his fear, and feeling sick that he thought that she could ever do anything to hurt him, even indirectly. \"Cage, I would never have turned you into Brigham.\" \"Both of you are clearly under a lot of stress. Perhaps I should recommend you be taken out of rotation, at least for a couple of weeks.\" Carter suggested with the most soothing tone he could summon, praying that Rita didn't punch him for the recommendation. \"Haven't you been listening to a single word I've said? We don't have a couple weeks, Carter! We don't even have a couple of days.\" \"Rita, you can't expect me to believe a word of this without a shred of proof.\" Carter sighed in frustration. \"Granted, we know next to nothing about the Mimics, about any potential abilities they may possess. That doesn't mean I can believe that they can somehow start the day over on your word alone.\" \"Hands behind your back.\" Rita demanded. Carter listened, afraid she was going over the edge. \"Hold up whatever number of fingers you want. You'll believe me next time.\" \"Rita, this is ridiculous.\" \"How many fingers?\" Carter rolled his eyes in exasperation. \"How many fingers, Dr. Carter?\" He pulled them from behind his back, waving two fingers at her. \"Are you happy?\" \"Not even close.\" Rita muttered. The alarm started to blare, Cage closing his eyes in resignation. Rita swore viciously, already shoving Carter towards the terminal that controlled Gipsy. \"Time to suit up, Cage. We'll figure out the rest next time.\" Cage nodded, trying his best to quell his nerves. \"Rita?\" Rita turned towards him. \"Yes?\" \"Thank you.\" She nodded once, promising herself that this time, Cage wouldn't be alone. Not at the end. \"It's going to be okay,\" she reassured him. Cage smiled ruefully. \"It isn't, but that doesn't matter.\" Now that you know . Rita offered a smile of her own. \"I know.\" I realize I'm terrible at ending chapters. Thanks for reading! ","Summary":" This is going to be different than my other EoT fics. A plot bunny attacked me recently and I had t"},{"Movie":"Quills","Title":"Framed","Author":"Broadway-Hobbit","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1021702","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One- Distress in Dover It was cold out as the flustered girl hastened up the street. Hernchest rose and fell heavily and her calves ached. She had to get therenbefore it closed, and the sun had already greeted the horizon. Up ahead shencould see the old building standing gloomily. She ignored the stares ofnprying eyes, all wondering why this young girl ran madly down the street. Her gloved hands pounded at the heavy oak door as tears ran down hernflushed cheeks. The door parted only wide enough for an old voice to yellnout, \"We are closed for the night and wish to drink and be merry! We havenenough depression on our hands. Come back tomorrow!\" She let out a long wail as the door snapped shut. \"Please sir, havenpity and hear me! It 'tis an urgent matter that can not wait until thenlight of the morn. For the case I present you is filled with many twistsnand turns, and much deception, and we have but a week to prepare for thentrial!\" she cried out, slumping to the stone steps. The door opened abruptly, \"Kindly get to your feet miss. It's badnadvertising to have the mad on our doorstep. Come in and tell me yournstory. You don't mind if I sip my brandy, do you?\" He lifted her to hernfeet and led her to a couch in his office. He was a finely aged man of fifty with black hair and silvernhighlights. Wrinkles defined his face in such a way that he reflected powernand strictness, but at the same time, showed a kindly manner. \"My name is Christina Chauncer,\" said the girl in her distressed,nFrench accent. \"And I am Henry Johnson, but I assume, my dear, you already knewnthat,\" he replied as he downed the Brandy. \"Indeed I did, sir. It is sir, correct? Oh pardon me, but I sometimesnhave trouble with my English and was not sure about that word. It is sonmuch easier to call one monsieur. But babbling, aren't I. Often I do when Inam nervous. Some girls faint while I talk nonsense.\" she was cut off by Mr.nJohnson. \"Mademoiselle Chauncer, please get to the point of your coming here.nMy stomach is making the most terrible sounds of hunger,\" he said rubbingnhis eyes. \"Please forgive me. I have been on my own over a year now. My motherndied in childbirth and my father, last year from Consumption. I have nonother family, so with my rather large inheritance I moved from Paris tonDover. I received word this afternoon that a dear friend of mine and mynlate family is in dire need of my help. He is the Abbe de Coulmir, thoughnno longer an Abbe for reasons I shall explain in due time. We grew upntogether until I was nine and he fifteen. It was then he went off to schoolnto become a priest. He often visited my father and I until two years ago.nIt was right as my father came down with his illness and we had too much onnour minds to think of dear Coulmir. But as my father lay on his deathbed Inbeckoned the Abbe, but he did not come. Stricken by grief, the Abbe wasnlast in my thoughts and I feel very ashamed of that. It was not until todaynthat I learned where he has been. He has been held prisoner at the asylumnCharenton, the very place he devoted his life to! Now, a Doctor Royer-nCollard, who imprisoned him in the first place, claims that the Abbe is notninsane but a dangerous man who must be put to his death for the murder ofnthe new Abbe,\" she paced the room as Mr. Johnson's eyes followed her. \"So your pious friend is charged with murder and now there is thennasty threat of the guillotine. Well, did he do it?\" he murmured half tonhimself. Christina stared madly at him, \"Of course he did not do it! The AbbenCoulmir would never harm a fly. It took that much peace within himself tonwork lovingly with the insane day in and day out. The very Marquis de Sadenwas under his watch. I'll have you know that he gave poor Abbe the mostnhell.\" \"Mademoiselle Chauncer, with all due respect to your sweet opinion,npeople do change. Why in heavens name was he even committed in the firstnplace?\" he said mockingly. \"One thing you must understand, Mr. Johnson, is that I have very fewndetails. Frankly I will not beat around the proverbial bush. I have thenmoney to pay you and it is said that you are the best lawyer in Europe.nWhen we get to France we both shall learn every juicy detail. However, wenhave very little time and must leave tomorrow!\" she fell to the couch andnbegan to weep. \"Dear, don't cry. I shall accept your silly, futile case. I have manynother cases that my poor partner shall now be burdened with thanks to you.nBut I think I need a challenge. Have you tickets for a packet?\" he askedngetting to his feet. \"Oh yes, I am quite prepared. I was busy making all f thenarrangements or I would have called on you sooner. The packet for Francenleaves tomorrow at noon. I trust you shall meet me at the docks,\" she saidnresolutely as she walked through the door into the frigid night. \"Do not fear young miss. I shall be there. A trip to France will donme good. England can be so over bearing at times. But have faith, dearnchild, for there I will be. I shall save your cherub friend to the best ofnmy abilities. I have a strong hatred of the guillotine and to let her eat anlife that I may save is to let her eat the flesh of my brother. The ex-Abbende Coulmir shall have the best lawyer in all of Europe, no, in all of thenworld. Ah, but my dear, you must be tired. Speed home and get some restnbefore our long journey tomorrow,\" he kissed her hand and shut the doornafter her.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2- Trapped in His Mindn (Sorry this took so long in coming) He sat on the cold, hard stone floor, a dull frown upon his angelicnface. It was dark for the most part, only bits of light filtering in fromnunder the door. If one could see him clearly they would look upon anpitiable soul with tears in his bright green eyes that trickled down hisnface. With out any warning he burst into a long tortured scream, sprawlingnfully out onto the floor now. All he could think of was she, and it hurtnhim more than that cursed drowning chair, or even the lady guillotine thatnbeckoned him in his dreams. \"I have failed! I have failed you, my angel! Why do you haunt me? Leave menbe! Go! Damn you God! Even when my head rests in that merciless basket andnthe knitting is all through, you will still taunt me and tease me. I shallnnever rest in peace! God why?\" The question was directed to the almightynhimself, for the man had gotten roughly to his knees and grasping his handsntogether, began mouthing a prayer. He grasped for his rosary, but it wasnnot there. He remembered himself never getting a new one after the Marquisnchoked on his. He rested his head on the ground and cried. There was a loud bang on the door followed by a mans rough voice,n\"Shut up in there, and get your self to the door! The doctor wishes to seenyou.\" His tears stopped and his eyes filled with a deep hatred. Slowly hengot to his trembling, weak, feet and made his way the short way to thendoor. It took all his strength to open the little window, that was nearlynrusted shut, that opened to the outside corridor. Doctor Royer-Collard stood with a smug grin upon his face, his armsnfolded, wearing all black, \"I dare say Coulmier, you're as good as thenMarquis, if not better! I don't know how you managed to get that damnednletter out of this, or even how you managed to write it, yet somehow itnfound its way to your lovely friend and she has just arrived in Paris. Shenhas sent word that she and her lawyer will be calling on you tomorrow.\" For the first time since she died, Coulmier felt a glimmer ofnglorious hope and a smile graced his face, \"Christina!\" \"Ah, so she is dear to you! This will make everything so very muchneasier. Let it be known, my dear Abbe, if you utter one word to your sweetnlittle fairy or her lawyer that will win you this case, you will have yetnanother murder against you. And all I will have to say is, ' Oh dear,nperhaps I should have not left them alone in the same room'. She'll bendead, the lawyer will be dead, and you will be dead. Now we truly do notnneed all of those deaths, do we? We can keep it nice and simple, you. Or,neverybody you love dies because of you. A simple choice really. Remember,nthe woman you loved last time died because of your mistakes, don't let thatnhappen again. Don't look so gloomy, Coulmier. It's a lose-lose situationnfor you. In the end, your head will come off, I shall laugh, and bathenmerrily in your blood.\" The morbid man had his wrinkled and weathered face close tonCoulmier's now and slowly licked his own lips. The Abbe was near tearsnagain. All hope had just vanished forever. The doctor slammed the little window shut and the menacing iron rangnthrough out the cell. The doctor knew of Coulmier's greatest pain and oftenntook great advantage of it, leaving him in isolation as long as possible.nNearly twenty-four hours a day he had left the Abbe alone, until he hadnfound Coulmier writing the twisted and bloody tale of the happenings ofnCharanton. Then Coulmier had been locked in the Marquis old cell, But whennthe murder had been framed and Paris had left the innocent Abbe in thenhands of the murderous doctor, he had been locked up in a deep dark cell,npreviously used for storage. When Coulmier had truly been Abbe, he hadnthought it too cruel to keep any human soul locked in such a desolate room.nAh, the sweet irony that life always is. His own pity being thrown back atnhim, his own nightmares coming true. Through the tears he let out a smallnlaugh. Madeleine stood in the corner holding her basket of linens, smirkingnat him, at what he had become. Coulmier shuttered at the illusion. Hisnreached out hand fought for her. Suddenly he slapped himself. \"Get a holdnof yourself! This is what they want! Maybe you do belong in an asylum.\" He sat up, trying to regain what dignity, if any, he had left. He glancednat the corner again and she was gone. Only unwanted darkness filled withnSatan himself. \"Come and get me you bastard!\" he yelled. Slowly he shut hisneyes and went from one living hell to the next.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3- A Foreign, Homey Sort of Place It was a wonder to Christina how Mr. Johnson managed to snooze withnthe coaches constant jerking. She watched with an impatient look in hernglossy eyes as his wrinkled head lulled back and forth with every bump onnthe road. They had reached Paris not ten minutes ago and were headed towardsnthe humble inn they had booked rooms in for the night. She pulled her eyesnaway from her sleeping lawyer and forced herself to look out the window atnthe grotesque picture the street seemed to paint. Poverty and hunger ruled supreme here, and it was quite clear thatnthe many revolutions that had taken place in this very city, had donenhardly anything to help those who were the very poorest. The air was fillednwith the putrid aroma of vomit and feces, and her ears filled with thensounds of begging and screaming. All the peasants were scantly clad, and what was there to hide theirnyellowed skin, hung off of their skeleton frame loosely. Ever since theynhad entered the city, a small mob of these pitiful creatures had beennfollowing, their hands grasping at the dusty coach, their moans of hungernbarely audible. \"Terrible, is it not? Truly, France must do something. Their poor arengetting unbearable. Before long they'll have yet another bloodynrevolution,\" Mr. Johnson sighed, whipping his squinted eyes. Christina just continued to stare out, praying this ride through hellnwould not last much longer. As if her prayer was answered, the coach camento a sudden, violent stop. \"Ah, Miss Chauncer, we are here. You look dreadful! Perhaps some restnwould bring back your health. Yes, do retire to your room. I must write tonthis Doctor to tell him of our coming. Good day, and if you have anynquestions, please feel free to once I am back,\" Mr. Johnson helped her outnand kissed her hand, a shiver ran through him as he did so. Then with ansmile, strode off down the street, barking in English at the poor beggars. Christina was far to vexed to argue over her appearance or of hernstate of well being. She did agree silently that she was tired and decidednto go up and rest until Mr. Johnson returned. She woke up around six that evening and deciding to go find Mr.nJohnson to discuss what was to happen tomorrow, pulled on her robe and wentnto the door next her room. She knocked on the door lightly and was quite taken aback when Mr.nJohnson burst open the door in quite a furious manner, his hair all askew,nshirt undone (not a very pretty picture) and his glasses perched upon hisnlarge, narrow nose. \"What!\" he yelled furiously, though his eyes seemed to regret it oncenthey saw whom it was. For a moment Christina just stood taking the odd scene in and then,n\"Well, um, not to be rude, or prying but, what in heavens name are youndoing?\" He seemed then to realize how very odd this all looked, \" You hirednme to save your friends life, thus I am now going over his records to buildnup our defense. I can't very well do that with out a foundation, now can I?nDon't stand out there in that hallway like a little lost bird, come in.\" Shaking off her look of surprise, she strutted past Mr. Johnson, whonwatched her every movement so intently he slammed his finger in the door. \"Mr. Johnson, what precisely are our plans for tomorrow, sir?\" shenasked, taking a seat by the fire. \" What do you mean, Miss Chauncer? We'll leave around six in thenmorning and arrive there about six in the evening. From there, well, we'llnsee once we've made it that far,\" he replied, taking the opposite seat,n\"You have a problem with worrying. There is nothing we can do aboutnanything tonight so go get a bite to eat, get to bed, and don't worry.\" He offered his hand to her, which she took, and helped her to hernfeet. Her skin was soft as the finest silk. As she thanked him for all ofnhis help, he could not help but notice how much compassion shone in herneyes. And has she retired to her room, he breathed in ever last bit of hernscent of Lavender. As he smoked his pipe over his papers, he wept. Until this brightnflame had entered his life, he had been a comfortable bachelor, now he wasntotally in every way, alone.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4- Arrival The asylum loomed up ahead, dark and forbidding, framed in the farnfrom placid thundering clouds that circled far above. Other than thendesolate shape, hardly anything could be made out in the cold, hard rainnthat poured stubbornly down on them. Christina Chauncer's heart pounded in her chest, she would be seeingnCoulmier so soon. Her eyes had been fixed on the shape that slowly gotnlarger and larger, not noticing Mr. Johnson had been staring contentedly atnher for the past five minutes. If one could have read Mr. Johnson's mind at that moment, his cruelnthoughts would have been this. He pitied her, it was true. Nobody so young,nso precious, should have so much strain on their heart. But more so henpitied himself. Damn this Coulmier! Why did she shed those tears for him, anman who chose to love god over this beautiful child that no doubt wouldnhave been his at any moment he asked? But he, Mr. Johnson, had never hadnthe opportunity to be loved. Wasn't that a cause to be pitied? Mr. Johnson had never so much as asked for a penny's worth of tearsnwhen his life was filled with woe, not that that had been too often, yetnnow he wanted more than any thing for her to throw out her slender arms andnexclaim, \"Poor Mr. Johnson, such terribly lonely life!\" His attention went back to her, still staring, wondering what fatenawaited her beloved. For no doubt she loved him. And not as a brotherneither. She loved him as a wife will love her husband. With his many yearsnof experience and life, Mr. Johnson was sure of this notion. He broke his gaze and shook his head. But yet, why shouldn't shenbelong to him. It was insane, Mr. Johnson reminded himself, to think thisnyoung woman, life fully ahead of her, would ever fall for him. But love wasnnot always essential. Security he could offer her. And even if he could notnoffer her that, he deserved her. After all of the trials his life hadnbrought along, working his ass off for the rest of the world, she was his! It was at this moment that Mr. Johnson made a promise to himself thatnhe would have Miss Chauncer no matter what he had to do. He would havencontinued and elaborated his promises to himself about what he would do tonher once she did belong to him, but the coach stopped and Christina gave ansmall moan. Christina had no thought of all about her future at the moment, andnthe thought that somebody was planning it for her at that very moment wasnno where in her mind. She was worried, not for herself of course.nCoulmier's trial was only four days away now, and that was counting thatnvery day. The door opened and out side stood a tall, bald man, garbed in anblack over coat, drenched to the bone. \"Well then, come on! You best hurry,nrains terribly today. We've got tea waiting for you, and the Doctor willnsee you after that. Come on!\" said the man, helping Christina down, whontook his advice and ran full out across the mad to the door. The first thing you will notice about the wretched asylum are thenscreams that echo endlessly down corridors, bouncing off the cold stonenwalls. Ah, and then that wonderful sense of smell kicks in and with thensmell of rot, mildew and death all mixed into one alluring aroma, the setnis almost set. Immediately Christina thought to Paris in just one building. Mr. Johnson, seeing her disgusted look, quickly pulled from hisnpocket a handkerchief and handed it to her to place under her nose. It may seem hard to believe Christina could be totally oblivious tonall of these signs of affection from Mr. Johnson, but with Coulmier's lifenon the line, she had more important things to worry about, something Mr.nJohnson seemed to notice and grew increasingly more envious. \"In here, if you please. There's some tea by the fire if you wouldnlike. The Doctor will see just as soon as he can,\" the tall man said rathernhastily, closing the door behind Mr. Johnson and Christina. Christina walked over to the tea and shakily poured herself a cup,nspilling quite a bit. \"Would you like a cup, Mr. Johnson?\" Smiling slightly, \"Yes, but perhaps I should do the honors.\" He tonthe teapot away from her, making sure to touch her hand and feel hernwarmth. She backed away a bit nervously. Sitting down at a chair near to the fire, \"Last night, when you werenlooking over Coulmier's records, did you find anything useful?\" Mr. Johnson joined her, \"Other than that he has a clean record,nspotless record. Yet nothing that could prove him innocent I am afraid.\" Hento a long sip and watched her fidget around as if trying desperately tonthink of some grand thought. \"But don't worry, something is bound to comenup.\" His tone wasn't very convincing, almost lazy and not caring. Christina was just about to comment on his tone when Doctor Royer-nCollard burst merrily in. His was a man, slightly older than Mr. Johnson,nwith pure white hair and a devious grimace upon his face. ImmediatelynChristina did not like him nor trust him. \"You must be Christina Chauncer. I hope you are lovely. And thisnmust be the acclaimed Mr. Johnson! An honor sir, truly an honor! It is anpleasure to meet you both,\" the man weaseled, though looking as far from anweasel as could be and more like an over fed hog. He shook their hands and pointed back to where they had been sitting. Before Mr. Johnson could express his thanks, Christina burst out,ntrying to seem as for from rude as possible, \" With all due respect sir, Inwould very much like to see Coulmier now.\" The doctor stared her up and down for a moment and then, \"Very well.nI can not contain such an eager young foal. You will see that disgrace tonthe Catholic religion now. But I must warn you he is very mentallynunstable.\" It was all Christina could do to hold in the slap she would havenliked to plant on the Doctors cheek and the obscene comment, which wouldnhave accompanied it. Mr. Johnson, sensing the trouble, \"Well on we gonthen.\"n *********** His fingers picked at the stone floor, playing with the dust dully.nJust one thing was in his mind, she was coming today. At this point, it didnnot matter to him that she would not be able to save his life, but to see anfriendly, loving face was more than he could have ever wished for. Madeleine had returned to her corner and would not cease to stare atnhim. She was frowning, a complete sign of jealousy. He smiled grimly at thenthought of for once making this figment aggravated, then curled up tightlynin a ball so she could pester him no longer by her sight. Then there was a voice, soft and flowing from beyond the door. Henlistened as it grew steadily louder. There were three voices, one female,ntwo male. He leapt to his feet, his weakness from hunger forgotten. Now henheard it loud and clear as a bell, \"You have him locked in here!\" He heard her tiny feet run to the door and hand push with every bitnof herself to open the rusted window. He saw her. Not sure whether it was another mind game, he slowly reached his handnout to touch her face. Real. \"Christina!\" he managed to exclaim. \"Don't be worried. I'm hear everything will be okay,\" she whisperednthrough the window, taking his hand and resting her cheek on it.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5- Silent She was there and at that moment he felt almost happy, almost. For anlong moment they just stood quietly, Coulmier running his finger softlynover her face, removing the tears that ran down her face. And then shenbroke the silence, \"Get him out of there! Where are the keys?\" \" Ah, but Miss Chauncer, you know I would love to do that, but he isnfar too dangerous to you and himself to let him out..\" Said the icy voicenof the doctor. \"He is not dangerous and you know it! Let him out, now!\" shenscreamed, spinning around. For the first time, Coulmier and Mr. Johnson'sneyes met. Immediately Coulmier felt a strong surge of hatred towards thisnman for reasons unknown even to himself. \" Let him out, sir. The lovely Miss Chauncer will be perfectly safenwith me,\" Mr. Johnson said, not taking his eyes from the distraughtnCoulmier. Doctor Royer-Collard had never looked so very foul to Coulmier thannas he placed the key in the keyhole and Coulmier smiled defiantly at him.nThe Doctor gave Coulmier a last warning look and opened the door. \"Coulmier!\" Christina rushed passed Mr. Johnson and the Doctor, bothnwho tried to grab her, and into the arms of Coulmier. \"I won't let anythingnhappen to you! You, you are like my brother. My father loved you too. Inwon't let you be killed!\" \"Doctor, perhaps a private room for us could be arranged. Someplace anbit more comfortable,\" Mr. Johnson beckoned to the Doctor on a very wickednspun voice, scowling at Coulmier and Christina. \"And some clothes sir, and food. They have been starving you haven'tnthey. It's not right!\" Christina had now let go of Coulmier, who wasnleaning against the doorway, and had walked over to the Doctor to snap innhis face. \"Yes, of course, right this way,\" the doctor replied dryly. He showed them back to the room where they had waited before,nChristina steadying Coulmier as he grasped her. There he left them to talk,nbut not before whispering in Coulmier's ear, \"I shall kill her, make nonmistake, if you tell them anything.\" \"Let me introduce myself. I am Mr. Johnson, your lawyer, and yournonly hope against the guillotine. Would you kindly have a seat and tell usnyour side of the story,\" The voice was extremely mocking. Nothing but silence followed as Christina and Mr. Johnson watchednCoulmier's brow furrow. He watched them, his eyes darting back and forthnfrom the two faces. He would just keep his mouth shut. They would not know,nhe would not tell them. He looked at Christina, his dear. Like she had put it, he was hernbrother and she his sister. He loved her, but more so he loved her fathernwho had taken care of him, raised him. He would never let anything happennto his daughter. He saw the cross of the wall behind the two spectators and gazed atnit. Why had he devoted his life to God? Was there a God? And if there was anGod, why did he punish him so? Then it struck him. There was a God, andnDoctor Royer-Collard was it. He started to cry. \"Coulmier, just tell us. Please, it's the only waynwe can save you,\" Christina cried out, seizing his blanched hand. He shooknhis head violently no. \"Mr. Johnson, might you leave us for a while. I'llncome get you in a bit.\" Mr. Johnson was hardly pleased, but did as he was bid. Then he gotnthe evil idea to pay a more intimate visit to the Doctor. With the abrupt slamming of the door, Christina broke into a longnspeech as tears erupted in much more numbers down her face, \" I never knewnyou were imprisoned. I hate myself for ever thinking ill of you. Afternfather died and you didn't answer my letters I thought you were just toonbusy for me. If I had ever known the truth! Coulmier, I'm so sorry..\" Butnhe broke her off with one sympathetic look. \"Christina, you didn't do a thing. You have no need to apologize tonme or anyone else. I was very distressed when Collard took great pleasurenin reading me that letter telling me of your father's death, and thenntelling me I could not write back. It is I who should be sorry. For leavingnyou and your father for my own selfish ambitions,\" he said as he embracednher tenderly. \"Your own selfish ambitions,\" she repeated, \" How dare you say theynare selfish. They are for God. For our creator. He deserves you more thannme or my father. You once too believed that.\" \"Yes, back younger and more gullible. To think there are morenimportant than the people who love you and you love. God, there is no Godnother than being a ruthless terror that feeds upon peoples greatest fears.nChristina, I am not the boy I was,\" he ended. \"No you are not. Once you were a man who believed in and lovednsomething so grand that you wanted to sacrifice everything for it, a verynselfless act. Now you are a boy, a very selfish boy who is bitter towardsneveryone else just because his own demise may soon be immanent. You couldnbe a martyr, but you will be nothing but a common petty thief, dyingnbecause of his own will to live. Coulmier, tell me what happened,\" her tonenwas desperate. \"Like you make very clear, though don't say it, there are morenimportant things than one murderers life. Yes, I did kill that Abbe, andntook great pleasure in doing so,\" he lied. \"You never were very good at lying. Then it was because you knew Godnwas watching everything you did, now is no different no matter what younsay. You did not kill that man anymore than you don't believe there is anGod,\" she was shaking now. Coulmier knew it was no good lying, she knew him too well. He wouldnjust not say anything at all. As he watched her face redden as her eyesndid, a strong desire came over him, a desire he had only one other time innhis life. He pulled her face close to his and could feel her hot breathnupon his face. She was no longer crying but trembling. \"You must not ask questions. You must just trust me,\" he whispered tonher, rubbing his nose lightly on hers. Then he pulled her even closer andnkissed her lips. It was the most wonderful sensation to both of them, beingnCoulmier's only second time joining lips and Christina's first. He kissed her lips and then her neck, and inched his way down hernbody. And she kissed his head and ran her fingers through his dark hair. Henlooked up at her and kissed her lips again. He pushed away suddenly as her hands had started to pull off hisnshirt. \"Why am I doing this? It will only make things harder! Go get thenguards, shove me back in my cell, leave! Let me die!\" he screamed, tossingnhimself down on the ground near the fire. \"Why don't you let me help you?\" she threw her body next to his. He looked at her and placed his hands on her face once more, \" I lovenyou, that's why.\"[Chapter 6] Chapter 6- A Horrific Plot Mr. Johnson left the room very irritated. He wasn't sure he entirelyntrusted Coulmier being alone with Christina. Not that he worried about thenyoung man killing her, but the thought of her giving herself to that boy. He made that thought leave his mind, reminding himself that shenthought of Coulmier as a brother. Plus this would be the perfect time tonpay a little visit to the Doctor. This visit he did not want Christina tonhear. He walked down the corridor looking for someone who could point himnto the office of the Doctor. He was about to ascend some stairs when henheard high pitched, squeaky type voice behind him exclaim, \"Are you lookingnfor something, or just nosing where you're not allowed to be?\" It was a tall, thin woman with pursed lips and dirty blonde hair thatnreminded Mr. Johnson of straw. She was carrying a pile of papers lookingnextremely annoyed. \"And why am I not aloud, might I ask? Of course I wasn't 'nosing', asnyou put it, merely looking for Doctor Collard's office. Do you know thenway?\" Mr. Johnson asked. \"As a matter of fact I do, and was on my way there when I saw anstrange man going up the stairs. Who are you?\" she asked as he descendednthe stairs. \"Mr. Johnson, the attorney for Coulmier, a prisoner here,\" henreplied. \"Ah, who would want to defend that disgrace? Can't believe he was annAbbe, can you. Terrible scandal for the Catholic church if I told themnabout what had been going on around here before he cracked. Had an affairnwith a chambermaid! A Catholic priest doing that, why it is more than I cannbear to think of! But, come on, I'll show you to his office,\" she was notnat all kind to Mr. Johnson. \"Mr. Johnson!\" the doctor seemed surprised, \"Where is Miss Chauncer?nSurely you have not left her alone.\" \"I did, at her own bidding of course. It pains me deeply to have leftnher, but perhaps it is best that she sees his insanity and copes with it.nMay I speak to you in private,\" Mr. Johnson glanced at the woman whose eyesnexpanded greatly as this. She began to say something in protest but the Doctor beat her, \"Yes,ndear might you step outside. I got an order for a hundred books. Go file itnwill you.\" She left looking as if denied a very good treat. \"Please take a seat, sir, and tell me what is on your mind. You'venhardly been here an hour, and already you look a bit insane,\" the doctornsaid, taking a seat behind a giant oak desk.n Mr. Johnson took the seat in front the desk and began to talk, \"Younthreatened him, I know it so don't dare try to deny it. No he did not tellnme, but a boy like that would hardly harm a fly. But don't look sonfrightened. I am sure you have your reasons for wanting Coulmier dead, andnI don't have any desire to know them.\" \"Your wrong, you know. And even if you were not, you can't provenanything,\" the Doctor intervened. \"Like I said, I don't care what you say, you murdered that Abbe, andnI could care less. I have a deal to make, and if you accept it, Coulmiernshall be dead in the end, I give you my word,\" Mr. Johnson pointed to thenbrandy that sat on the desk, \"May I?\" \"Yes, of course. But what do you mean, he'll be dead? You are hisndefense, surely you don't want him dead. He's the way you get paid.\" \" But there is now more at stake than money, my dear doctor, muchnmore. I have won many cases in my day, and if I wanted too I could win thisnone, but I don't want to. Haven't you noticed how very beautiful MissnChauncer is? Entrancing. I want her more than I have ever wanted anythingnin my life. More even, then you want Coulmier dead. And this is wherenCoulmier comes into play. There is no doubt the two loves each other veryndeeply. They claim, of course, that it is only a sibling love. But onlynsiblings can have sibling love. And she ran into his arms today left me nondoubt of what I had hypothesized. I know that if Coulmier gets away, henwill marry her. Don't look at me like that, after what God has put himnthrough do you honestly think he would turn back to him. Even someone sonpious as him would not. But must be mine, and I will marry her. That is whynCoulmier must not live! The deal is this, you give me just enoughninformation to make it look as if I had done my very best to try and getnCoulmier off. But not enough to do so. And Coulmier will die, and I willnmarry Miss Chauncer, or else lose this case and have your entire lifenruined. A simple choice, but one you must choose. Do you trust me or not?\"nMr. Johnson looked slyly at the Doctor. Collard squirmed in his chair. He knew too much of this lawyer tonknow he could do anything he threatened. But to trust him and give himninformation? It could just be an easy way to collect information. Butnreally he had no choice, \"Fine. Come back tomorrow and I will give you anfolder.\" Mr. Johnson smiled, bowed and walked out, shoving the straw hairednwoman to the ground as she was leaning against the door with her earnpressed against it. \"Now who is 'nosing'\", he asked laughing. She snuffed at him, got to her feet and ran inside the office,nshutting the door briskly behind her.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 Desire \"You love me?\" she asked. Coulmier looked at her and forced a smile, \"More than anything.\" Andnit was true. His heart was totally hers. He still loved her father, but notnin this way. And forget about brotherly love, this was much deeper. He longed to do nothing more than to kiss her, and by the way she wasnlooking at him, she desired to do the same. Maybe even more. \"Coulmier, let's forget for a moment that your life is on the line,nshall we. What would we do if we were free, Coulmier, and you loved menthen. We wouldn't worry about what happened next. Coulmier, kiss me again,nshow me your love,\" she pulled his face close to hers. \"Christina, if we were free, I would be a Abbe, and I would stillnlove you, but never show it. For, even free, I could never truly be free,\"nhe whispered. \"Abbe, let it free. Forget about the future or where we are or whatnwe might have been! Don't think of anything but now, if you can't be free.nThink of the moment! Think of me, Coulmier. You love me,\" she pleaded. \" I don't want you to get hurt. I can't let you get hurt, Christina,nI can't!\" he pulled away again. \"I don't know how I'll be hurt any worse! You're already killing mennow. If you don't get saved, I won't hurt any more than I am hurting now.nIt's impossible for me to hurt worse!\" she screamed. Oh, he couldn't bear to see her like this. It hurt him and he sawnMadeleine near the fire, laughing at his pain. He watched her, longing tonthrough something thing at her. He turned back to Christina and grabbednher. \"Damn me for ever sending that letter! Just damn me!\" They began to kiss again. In a frenzy they toppled over one another,npulling off each other's clothing. He was down to his pants and she, hernslip when there came a very loud knocking. \"Miss Chauncer, Coulmier, are you alright in there?\" came the voicenof Mr. Johnson. \"Oh, just fine. We need a few more moments alone if you would be sonkind as to wait. I'll get you when we are through,\" Christina yellednfranticly back. Mr. Johnson was not entirely convinced and stood at the doorway anmoment longer, the doctor at his side. \"Hope they are not making too muchnprogress,\" said Mr. Johnson coldly to the doctor. He had a good idea as to what was happening in there, as did hisncompanion. But he was too good of a man to admit anything and went stormingnaway, his footsteps matching the thunder outside. \"That was close,\" Christina had just enough time to mutter beforenCoulmier started kissing her again. ********************************** \"I hope her speaking with him doesn't take much longer. I am a bitnnervous over the information she could be pulling from him. It could, itncould ruin our plan,\" the doctor was staring at the stormy sky as it wasnrandomly lit up by shocks of lightening. \"I wouldn't really worry about that. He won't tell her anything.nAfter telling me about that Madeleine, he'll be too cautious,\" Mr. Johnsonnwas almost cheerful. Once Collard had told him that story, he was almostncertain Coulmier would never have the nerve to express his love in anythingnbut words again. \"But what could be taking them so long?\" Collard was shrunk in hisnchair, picking at his face now. \"She is very determined and stubborn. But he is too. Come, have somenbrandy and don't worry.\" \"Yes, both of those comments are true. Not a word out of him! Twonhours and nothing,\" Christina had come in with Coulmier, who was lookingnextremely pleased at how worried Collard was. Christina's voice was grimnbut determined. \" About time you were done. And about time he returned to his cell,\"nCollard gestured to Coulmier. \"Back to his cell! I think not. He hasn't eaten, nor has he gottennany fresh clothes like I asked for. Not to mention I will not let him benput back in that dark hole, or you will throw me in there to!\" she wentnbehind Coulmier and clutched him tightly around the waist. Mr. Johnson scowled and tapped Collard on the shoulder, \"Oh verynwell! Here are some clothing!\" He walked over to a cupboard and came outnwith some slacks and a button shirt. \"Dinner will be served in your newncell which will have a bed and a window in it. Miss Chauncer is perfectlynwelcome to wait there until his dinner is served to make sure it is.\" It was ten at night by the time dinner was eaten and Christina wasnsaying her good byes to Coulmier. She had asked Mr. Johnson to kindly waitndown the corridor for her. \"Don't worry tonight. Just remember that you love and you're loved.nIn the morning I'll be back. I will get you out of here but we have onlyntwo days left before your trial and I need your help,\" he silenced her withnhis finger. \"I won't worry, if you won't,\" he smiled and she smiled back. He gavenher one final kiss, sending delightful shivers down her back and then shenleft, very reluctantly. ***************************************************************** \"What exactly did you discuss in there?\" Mr. Johnson asked, as theynwere about to go into their separate rooms for the night. \" I merely tried to get him to tell me something helpful, but henrefused, saying he did not want to hurt me,\" she replied. \"Oh, and that's all? I really must know everything if I am to winnthis case. No matter what you did or said, I will not hold it against younor him. But I must know,\" he demanded gently. She wasn't sure how or why it would make a difference but she did notnsee any hurt in telling how they loved each other, leaving out the manynways they had shown it of course. \"He did say he was in love with me.\" \"And?\" \"And I said I loved him very much in return. Good night Mr. Johnson.\"[Chapter 8] Chapter 8- The Story It was six in the morning as Christina pounded on the door tonCollard's room. She was alone, no sense in waking Mr. Johnson when shenwanted to be alone. She doubted very much that Coulmier would say anything,nif he ever said anything about it, in front of the lawyer. The doctor opened the door half asleep still with a verynunarticulated \"What is it?\" \"Doctor, may I have the keys to Coulmier's cell straight away. I verynmuch would like to speak to him starting as soon as possible, as I onlynhave a full day to gather information?\" she asked, pleased to see he wasnnot in his right mind at the moment. Mumbling something about going back to bed, he handed her the ringnwith a dozen keys on it and slammed the door in her face, none of thesenactions he would have done if he had been awake. Silently, as to not wakenup any of the prisoners that could begin to scream and thus fully wake upnCollard, she made her way to Coulmier. She looked in the window in the door and just stared at him for anmoment. He was laid on his bed, wide-awake just staring at the ceiling withna dreamy sort of expression on his face. \"One would never guess that younwere nearly a condemned man,\" she said softly, opening the door, whichnquite startled him. \" A but early in the morning Christina, aren't you?\" Coulmiernquestioned, getting to his feet to run over to her. Taking him in her arms, \" I was hoping to catch you off guard so younwould tell me things. But I'm guessing you did not sleep.\" He shook his head as he looked into her eyes, once again with andreamy far off look in his own. \"I won't tell you anything, but I will tellnyou a story. The story of how I came to be locked up like this. I'vendecided that won't harm anything.\" He ran his thumb over her bottom lip and breathed her in. Once againnthey were kissing in one eternal embrace full of fire and passion thatnwould always burn. Falling on the bed, him on top of her, careful thoughnnot to crush her, he exploded on to the tale, telling every gory detail.nThen he got to the death of the Marquis. \" Well, everyone thought he was dead. A very not so clever trick ofnmine. You see, a week before Sade's supposed death, I was waiting innCollard's office. He was due any moment and he had summoned me. I knew itnwas going to be about Madeleine. It was just the previous night of coursenthat she had perished. Papers in his top drawer had caught my eye and Innoticed my name. Naturally I went to investigate and found them to benpapers committing me to the asylum. I was, to put it in kind words,nimmensely furious. But I would not have Collard know I knew of his plan. Itnwould only speed things up. If I ran I would be caught. So I formed a plannof my own. I went to the Marquis, his tongue freshly ripped out. I wouldnlet him free, framing his death, and he would write the story. He wrote onnthe parchment I had brought that he agreed. Collard did not know what hitnhim. I came into his office a week later and told him Sade was dead andnburied. He wrote to me and told me his address, which I soon wrote to,nasking him to reply with how long the story should take. He wrote backnsaying he wrote only fictions and a biography was more than I deserved. Henknew I couldn't go tell on him and get him captured again or else I wouldnbe in even greater trouble. A week later, I was thrown in this prison. Andnnobody ever guessed that Sade is still alive.\" He was in tears thinking about Madeleine but then looked down atnChristina whose face was full of that blessed pity and he smiled and kissednher again. \"Perhaps we should sit up. After all, the sun is rising and ournfriends should be here soon.\" \"So why did Collard frame you?\" was the shocking question thatnescaped Christina's lips. \"Ha! I told you, I snapped and killed that Abbe. I was jealous. Thatncursed doctor had nothing to do with it,\" he said nervously and not at allnconvincingly. \"Coulmier, you don't think me that stupid do you? You would nevernkill anyone, not even Collard if you had the chance. He framed you andnthreatened you not to tell me why. There is no use in denying it,\" shensaid, sitting on the bed while Coulmier had gotten to his feet to pace. She was figuring it out on her own! Even then, Coulmier was sure,nCollard would have her killed. He had to stop her from going any farther.nIf he told her that he had threatened to kill her, she would not bendeterred, and he was already dead so how could he threaten Coulmier? \"Has he finally spoken on anything yet? Very unwise of you to comenand try and question him on your own Miss Chauncer. You haven't any idea ofnthe liability,\" Mr. Johnson had arrived and walked into the cell. Pickingnup Christina's hand he kissed it. Christina shot Coulmier a loving look to calm him down. She got tonher feet, \"Mr. Johnson, I had hoped that you would be up soon.\" She shotnanother look at Coulmier, this time rolling her eyes. Luckily, Mr. Johnsonnfailed to notice this. \"Yes, well, there are many things to do today. Miss Chauncer, I wasnwondering if I could have a few moments alone with M. Coulmier?\" he askednsuavely, getting rather close to her. She made eye contact with Coulmier who smiled and she replied,n\"Certainly, Mr. Johnson. I'll just be down the hall then.\" She left kind ofnworried, longing to be back by her loves side. \"Love, such a strong word that makes people do such very strangenthings, even risk their lives for the one they love. You, my young cherub,nare no exception. I know about you being threatened by Collard. We had anvery good chat last night while she, um, conversed with you. Frankly, Inhave no use for you being alive, and money does not interest me. However,nthe young Miss Chauncer does. She deserves a life much better than any poornyoung fellow could ever give her, a life which I could,\" he paused anmoment, letting all that he had said sink in and then went on. \" If younhave any more showings of your affections to the dear girl I will make surenshe dies along side you. It's a lose-lose situation for you, lets just makensure you don't bring anyone down with you.\" \" I knew I disliked you the moment I laid eyes on you. Now I know youncan judge a book by its cover. You are a wicked man, Johnson. May you burnnin hell!\" Coulmier said this sternly yet quiet enough so as it would notncarry down the hall. \"Say what you will, but I love her too. If you have any decency atnall, you will see that this marriage will be just what she needs. You'rengoing to die, Coulmier. You must accept that fact,\" Mr. Johnson grasped hisnhand around Coulmier's neck. \"You are dead.\" ************************************************************* \"Why do you draw back every time I draw close to you?\" Christinanasked as she sat next to Coulmier, who was ignoring her by playing with hisnfingers. \" We have spent nearly the entire day and yet it's like you couldncare less if you live or die.\" \"I killed a man so I should die. It says it in the bible. Your Godnsays it,\" he got up and walked to the other side of the room. Christina threw down the parchment and quill she had in her hand fornnotes and stormed over to him, \"Fine! Die! Why should I care if you don't?nI only love you. It really isn't that hard to get over someone.\" Shenstormed out of the cell. \"Damn it!\" Coulmier whispered to himself, slouching to the floor. Ifnshe only knew. He was sure she knew that he loved her. At least he hopednshe did. But somehow he had to let her know how he longed to embrace her,nmake every tear vanish. But he couldn't. \"A bit upset, are we?\" Mr. Johnson came into the sitting roomnChristina had just ran into. She stared up at him, \"Just a little.\" \"Then it will be terribly hard for me to make you even more upsetnwith what I must tell you. Oh well I must,\" he stopped and sat down on thencouch next to Christina. \"I have taken a very keen interest in you over thenpast few days, and have decided to take you as my wife. Don't start tonprotest, I can be very persuasive. See this folder here, dear. It containsnenough information in it to set Coulmier free, though Collard has no idea.nIt was a great pleasure tricking him like I did. But any way, back to thendeal. You will marry me, or these papers will be destroyed and Coulmiernwill perish.\"[Chapter 9] Chapter Nine- Christina Christina sat in hernchair, at a loss for words. Breath was coming hard to her and she wasnon the verge of fainting. \"You would let an innocent man bencondemned to death for the sake of your own gain?\" \"I adore younChristina. I love you. Perhaps I am not as handsome as you Coulmier,nbut I can give you things a life with him would never permit. Itnwouldn't be as bad as you think. You could grow to love me,\"nJohnson held his hand out and stroked her cheek. She hit it sharply. \"How can you be soncruel? I love him! You would do anything for me, quite obviously,ndon't you think I would do anything for him?\" \"My dear, that isnexactly what I am counting on you doing.\" Christina gotnunsteadily to her feet and paced the room. \"And what type of proofndo those papers have anyway?\" \"A journal. The goodndoctor's journal to be exact. I snuck into his office early thisnmorning and founding. Really it isn't smart to leave personalninformation lying around,\" Johnson pulled a leather journal fromnthe folder. \"What proof doesnthat hold?\" \"It says thendoctor's entire fiendish plan. He framed the Abbe to stop thenscandal he caused from leaking out. He killed the new Abbe. Thendoctor is the one who should be locked up,\" he placed it back intonthe folder and held it over the fire. \"So, it is time for yournchoice.\" Desperate and alone,nChristina broke out in tears and fell to her knees, arms outstretchednpleadingly. \"Alright! I will marry you! Don't kill Coulmier,nplease...\" Johnson smiled andnplaced the folder under an arm. He walked over to the sobbing girlnand knelt beside her. \"Just know I do love you. I promise I willnnever waver from that love.\" With that he clamped his hands on thenback of her head and forced her into a kiss. His acid breath burnednher mouth, but she did not resist. She simply endured it limply.n\"Good girl,\" he whispered when he finished. Johnson got up andnwent to the door and looked back. \"I will tell out doctor that wenare ready to travel to Paris for the Abbe's trial.\" Johnson shutnthe door and Christina sank all the way to the stone floor so thatnher body was pressed flat against it. There she stayed for more thannan hour. Coulmier was thinkingnabout Madeleine. He thought about her a lot. He still loved her, butnwith Christina there seemed to be a lesser burden of guilt upon hisnheart. Madeleine seemed more and more like she had been a figment ofnhis imagination. A siren sent to prove the lack of God. But Godnexisted, of that the Abbe was certain. Only he wasn't the Godneveryone thought. Death would be anrelief. Even if it meant spending an eternity with Lucifer. At leastnhell was not these stone walls. He could hear footsteps, hurried andnanxious. Christina's tear stained face appeared at his barrednwindow. \"We are leavingnsoon,\" she whimpered. \"The luggage is loaded and the doctor is onnhis way to get you.\" \"Good. I want thisnover. I hate to see you suffer so,\" Coulmier went to the door butnstood an arms length away. \"My suffering hasnonly just begun. But that is not what matters. You, my beloved, atnleast will be free.\" With that a new wavenof tears broke across her face and she turned sharply. Coulmiernwatched her fly down the hall, passing the doctor and his cronies onnthe way. \"Women are suchntimid and meek things. They have no concealment for emotions, donthey?\" the doctor mused as he unlocked the door. \"Are you the devilnhimself, Collard?\" Coulmier said quietly. \"Perhaps. If not, wenhave a great many things in common and I must commend him on being sonimpeccably ruthless.\" \"Then you shallnenjoy hell when you go there.\" \"Not likely. Younwill be there, a pebble in my shoe. Only just there, but that isnenough to bring pain for the remainder of the day. Men, please takenhim to his carriage. We've a funeral to attend!\" ","Summary":" Chapter One- Distress in Dover It was cold out as the flustered girl hastened up the street. Hernch"},{"Movie":"Edge of Tomorrow","Title":"Double Reset","Author":"Believe24","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10476235","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Takes place after Cage realizes the omega isn't in the dam. I do not own edge of tomorrow or its characters. Hope you like the story so far and review please. Thank you. This time was going to be different. He knew where the alpha mimic was and he knew where he was when he died. He could get it to bleed on Rita too! And then maybe, just maybe she would wake up remembering him finally. He was so tired of forming a relationship with her and then have to watch her die in that stupid god damn farm house. Have her finally open up to him, kill him and then wake up and have her forget everything! It was the loneliest feeling in the world. It was the the millionth time being on the damn plane and once again it got hit. He watched people drop and he dropped with them soon after then he once again landed on the desolate beach. As always it looked like a waist land war zone with bodies and suits mangled on top of each other or under sand or ship. As always Rita came out of her separate ship with her special team but unlike the original times she came to him. This was the time it would change. He had tried this idea with her three times before but she always died just before they got to the alpha. He mapped it out this time, this time a ship wouldn't land on them, a mimic wouldn't bite their faces, a mimic wouldn't beat the crap out of them, they wouldn't be accidentally shot. This time an alpha would come out of the dune and he would shoot it and it would bleed on her. It had to. He was getting tired. They met in one of the broken ships laying in the sand. Cage took Ritas hand and led her through the madness her armor blazing and firing at everything in sight. She didn't care if she hit a soldier, they were going to reset after Cages next death. He told her to duck and she ducked just as a piece of shrapnel came flying at her head. A mimic appeared from the sand and he shot it without blinking. They continued on heading in the opposite direction of the town. \"Where are we going?!\" Rita yelled. Cage didn't let go of her hand and continued toward the dune. To the left he shot two more mimics. Rita shot one to the right. \"Trust me I know what I'm doing. We have to take this way to get past a herd of mimics. This way, come on!\" He called out. This was a lie, there were mimics in that direction but not as many than there were in the direction they were going. He shot two more mimic but then both lost their balance and slid into a sand dune. There were two other soldiers but they were already dead. Cage counted down the seconds but of course Rita lost her patients after three. She pulled away but Cage grabbed her arm tighter and pulled her close to him. Their chests were against each other's and their noses nearly touched. \"What are you doing?\" She demanded trying to release her arm but Cages grip held strong. \"Just wait. You have to wait.\" He said calmly. \"We're wasting time!\" She yelled. \"Ha, luckily time is one thing I have on our side.\" He laughed at the irony. Just a moment later from under the dune less than five meters from them an alpha mimic exploded out of the sand. It kicked two men that were on top of it its tentacles flaring every which way. \"Shit!\" Rita exclaimed. Without waiting another minute Cage picked them both up from the sand and readied his weapon. They moved closer, Rita struggled. \"What the hell are you doing?\" She a asked him. \"Giving us a double advantage.\" He yelled to her. He activated his back rifles which extended from his pack and aimed for the mimic. It immediately saw him and hurled itself at them with every tentacle it had. No matter how many times he stared at one of those things he never got used to it. Their eyes were as black as space itself. Staring into the eyes of one was like staring into a bottomless pit. It was always so unnerving being so close to one of the killer creatures but this time it was absolutely necessary, if he wanted Rita to remember him he needed this to happen. What was one more death? It was getting pretty meaningless to him anyway. Rita continued to free herself from his grip but by the time she felt him loosen it he had fired. The beast exploded right in front of them. They watched as the light blue creature blew spreading its body parts all over the dune, the shrapnel, and themselves. Cage looked to Rita who was staring back at him in disbelief. The next second Cage felt the blue oozing molten hot blood hit his body. It burned like lava, disintegrating any skin it touched. It caused a piercing loud scream to come from his lungs. The light faded away and the strangest feeling came over him, he was quickly dying, then all was dark. \"On your feet maggot!\" A voice jolted him awake. A man was standing over him with a uniform and a uniform in hand. Cage quickly rose to his feet. Had it worked? He was still going back in time but did Rita reset too? He needed to find her, but first he had to go through the same annoying routine with the general, j quad, and push ups. That as usual happened. Cage did the push ups he was told to do, rolled under the truck and made a break for Rita and the training facility where she graciously killed him 40 times. He walked into the facility getting dirty looks from all of the other recruits walking by. The only thing going through his mind was worry. He was so tiered of seeing her die just after they were making progress on a decent relationship. He just wanted her to remember, it would make everything so less lonely and he wouldn't have to start over with every one every time. If this hadn't worked for some reason, than there was no other option that to go back to the old way where he had to convince her he wasn't lying, fill her in on everything and then die twelve seconds later. His heart sank when he saw her in the center of the training field doing no leg push ups. They were incredibly attractive every time he saw her doing them, it always turned him on but not this time. She was doing what she did every time. He started walking towards her and as she always did she turned to him, set herself down and stood from the ground not even needing to look for the robots. He didn't either but it was still impressive. They stood eye level to each other staring at each other. Cage had a smile on his face as he waited for her to speak. Was she going to say something new, or the same damn thing she said every time they were here. He always thought that somehow she would retain some memory of the previous reality, he hoped, he prayed but she never did. But this time there was a chance, this time there was science on his side. Crazy, nonsensical, alien science. It was an eternity but finally her mouth began to move but no words came out, instead a fist came hurling at him hitting his jaw and knocking him to the floor. It hurt like hell. But he couldn't help but smile. \"You led me into a slaughter you ass!\" She yelled proud of her punch. Cage scurried to his feet still with the his stupid smile on his face. \"You remember! You reset too!\" \"Yes, and thank you for that.\" She said landing another punch on his cheek. \"You could have warned me.\" Cage gathered himself, \"I could say the same to you with your punches.\" Rita lost her tough exterior and did crack a smile, his plan was ingenious. Now once again she could reset after a death, remember all the things she did wrong so she could do better the next time and remember Cage as a bonus. It would be a lot easier to kill the omega with another person who knew what was going on. Cage was a smart guy and from the short time that she knew him she sensed he was a good guy. On the other hand Cage had met Rita nearly a hundred times by then. He knew her like he knew his own sister by now. They had shared the same stories so many times, he knew her better than she knew him but now that could change. Now she could get to know him and not forget at the next reset. It was a knew perspective on their situation. It was only the beginning. to be continued[Chapter 2] Second chapter cool! I wrote this on a kindle so sorry for grammar/spelling blehhhhh. There is no spell check on this thing, at least not one that works well. But anyway enjoy and thank you for showing interest in my sorry. \"So what happens now when one of us dies?\" Cage asked repairing a broken suit. Rita looked up from hers. It was a fascinating question. What would happen now that both of them could reset. One could reset and find the other knowing that the one they just saw was probably still alive. The concept hurt her mind. If one died would they both reset? Or would the other go one leaving the other to reset and find the other in a new reality. It was quantum mechanics that no one ever questioned. \"Umm. I don't know. There obviously isn't any prior reference. To be safe I'd say if one of us die we should both die. So say if you die I kill myself and we will see each other at the next reset. If not I don't know what would happen.\" Cage nodded his head. It was a very interesting concept. But like Rita he didn't want to think about it too much. There was no way to tell what would happen until it happened. They continued working on the modifications to their suits. \"I'm glad. I've seen you die too many damn times. It'll be nice to have you watch me die for a change and have you remember. I hated watching you die.\" \"I didn't know you cared.\" Rita smiled. \"Are you kidding? I-\" he started with a smile but couldn't find the words to explain his experience and just stopped. It was harder than anything he had ever done in his whole life. Somehow it felt worse than having to kill himself but he was used to it by now. In his experience with death, it didn't hurt. \"Are you going to finish that thought Cage?\" She asked intrigued. \"What?\" He said looking up from his work. \"Umm no. No. I'm, I'm done.\" He stuttered. Rita laughed at him and put on her suit. \"Are you ready. You should be heading to your plane by now. You don't want to miss boarding or ill have to do it all myself.\" Rita said. She was right he had to get to the docking bay soon. He nodded and put on his suit then headed to the bay. As he walked there a thousand thoughts were going through his head about the mission. This time he was going to be taking Rita to the farm house but it was because it had a helicopter. He didn't know exactly where he was going but being in the air seemed like a better idea than being on the ground. The only problem was that Rita always, always died there! Every freaking time! He had done it so many times by then though that he thought he had a good plan for this time around. And that included a TON of missiles. That was his best option. Let Rita take off, shoot the living hell out of the mimic hiding underneath it and then jump on from the roof. He had gone over it with Rita but she thought it was a stupid plan. She only agreed because he promised her that if it didn't work they could try her way the next time. But they desperately needed that helicopter. They could go anywhere with that thing and even though he had already been to the dam it never hurt to have a helicopter on their side, that was his logic. That was the exact reason why Rita thought he was a complete idiot. He liked that about her. You couldn't stop her from speaking her mind. He got there just in time. J squad eyed and cursed at him as soon as he strapped in as usual but it didn't stop him from doing anything. It was only the thousandth time they had yelled at him. Take off followed soon after. Some one called him a dead man and they were told it was okay to be scared. It wasn't okay for him. He had been there a hundred times, if he was still scared by then there would have to be something wrong with him. He stopped being scared by the fifth jump, adrenaline rushed through his head every time, the sensation was extreme, but he wasn't scared. A few moments later and yet again the plane was hit and began to shut down in mid air. People dropped at cage dropped soon after. His line broke and he hit the sand hard. He watched as a fellow j squad member was hit by a fallen plane and another was attacked by a mimic. He had no time to waist watching them all suffer on the beach. He had to get to Rita, escape to the town, and race to a vehicle. It was a long Sprint to yet another crashed ship but he found Rita in the midst of a battle with a mimic. She saw him then shot the mimic dead in the face. He saw her smile seeing the mimic fall to the ground then turned to him excitedly. \"I remember doing this last time. It took me twice the amount of time to kill it last time! I really do have the power again.\" She said excitedly. She had forgotten how useful it was to be able to reset; when she died again she could kill the mimic even faster and remember so much more. She was grateful to Cage for making her able to reset again, more than he knew. She just wished he had told her before he had her killed. \"So now what?\" \"We go head for the farm house past the trailer park.\" He said breathing heavy having ran all the way there. \"The farm house. I don't recall ever being there. Have I? Been there with you before?\" She asked not being able to remember a previous time yet. Cage hesitated. The farm house was a place that had some of the the most intense memories since the whole situation began. She died every time and every time she did she told him a little bit more about her personal life, sharing one more thing about her that was truly personal. And every time he felt a little closer to her, and then she'd die a few moments later. He learned so much about her in that little farm house. Learned what she liked and hated, how to tend to her wounds, her middle name. That was the reset he remembered the most, when she told him her middle name. It was the closest he ever felt to her. \"Yeah you have.\" He answered simply and softly. \"Well how many times? Why do we need to go there?\" \"There are useful supplies there. Some of the best stuff we've ever run into.\" He said starting to run out from under the cover of the ship. Rita shook herself and ran after him, her senses alert and active, her blood pumping, her feet running, her guns ready. She caught up to Cage quickly but shuffled now and again in the lose sand but every soldier did, it was horrible terrain. Their armor fired in every direction at every target they could focus on. The mimics weren't paying so much attention to them but whenever one was within firing range they gladly shot it till it exploded. Cage took Ritas hand as he did the last time and ran up the sand hill that separated the battle field from the abandoned town trailer park. There were never any mimics past the fifth yard but the hill was nearly 200 yards long. It was a difficult climb covered with loose sand and rock and every time he did it he could barely breathe. Every time Cage ever climbed that hill all went silent. The climb was so long and difficult that when you had started you couldn't stop no matter how tired you were. He was so tired and the air was so muskey that the only thing he could do was climb and breathe with just the sound of his heart beat blasting in his ears as loud as a drum symphony. He just has to keep climbing because once he got to the top it wasn't the end, just the beginning of an even harder journey. They got to the top of the hill both exhausted from the climb. It wasn't the steepness or the length that made it so hard, it was the slipping and loosened sand that covered it, it made it so much harder than it had to be. They got the the top despite it. Rita got to the top and almost fell to her knees her breaths heavy and close, but she would not let herself fall. She gathered herself quickly and grabbed Cage who was still panting on the ground. \"Come on, we have a lot of ground to cover.\" She said beginning to pull him. \"Wait... Wait for a second.\" He said between breaths and rose to his feet. \"There's something we need to do first. Something we always do when we get to the top.\" He told her turning back to the battle field. Rita turned as well and what she saw was breathtaking. It was a horrible scene of mangled bodies, fire and wreckage. She had never seen the view from that angle or at least didn't remember it. Dunes of sand full of corpses and crashed ships. So much torn metal from destroyed ships covered the battle ground, more than she thought there was. More than a hundred ships and three thousand of their pieces scattered, some burning some burnt. As they stood they could see mimics coming from the sky or the sand attacking soldiers, killing them brutally. It was a sight of nightmares. So much chaos so much destruction so much death. \"You see this everytime?\" She asked. He didn't look to her. He was too busy watching the destruction. He just nodded. He had seen it so many times but he never got used to the sight. The fire, the ships, the death. It was from a nightmare and he had to live it everyday. \"Alright. Let's go.\" He said beginning to walk away. Rita looked back one more time then caught up with Cage. \"You never answered my question Cage?\" \"What? Which one?\" He asked. \"How many times? How many times have you been this way to the farm house?\" She asked once more. He stopped. How could he put it in a way that didn't make him seem weak in front of the angel of Verdun? \"Too Damon many.\" He answered simply and continued on. The answer seemed good enough for her. Once again they took the truck with the trailer attached to the back. This time he made sure the trailer wasn't attached so there was a lot less \"activity\" during the ride there. But it was a nice time for him to talk to Rita. All the other times he had drilled her about her life so that he could relate to her better the next time. This time he let her ask the questions. She actually, surprisingly was open to the idea in a joking sense only asking strange questions. She hadn't completely acknowledged the fact that they were stuck together for a long time. No matter how many times they died. \"What college did you go to?\" She asked \"Virginia tech.\" He answered. \"Siblings?\" She asked. \"Two sisters. Mariah and Willa.\" He answered. \"Guilty pleasure?\" \"Eating a whole family size bag of chips in a day.\" He answered finally breaking a big smile. \"When did you lose your virginity?\" She asked inheriting his smile. \"Whoa. That escalated quickly! Ummm I'm going to say 17? Maybe.\" They were all smiles. It was a long car ride and Cage had gone through it fifty times but this was the one that seemed to be the most interesting. Rita had never shown this side to herself before. Laughing and asking strange, strange questions. It was an interesting change. \"What about me? You know any answers to any of those questions about me?\" Rita asked. \"College, no. A brother named Marshall, and you love coffee and marshmallows which personally I find just wrong!\" he said feeling the wind slow from out the window. After that his smile was quickly erased. That meant the time had come where the car lost gas and they were headed to the farm house. He hoped that this time things would be different. That they could find a way to keep Rita alive and both make it to the helicopter. The chances were slim. He didn't even know why he wanted it, it just seemed like a good option. But he didn't know how he was going to get both of them in it and off safely. He could only hope that his crazy plan was good enough.[Chapter 3] The time had finally come where they reached the farmhouse. It was finally time to see if all of their planning and estranged ideas would actually work or blow up in their faces. It was the time where they would discover what happened when one died and not the other. They both kept a gun on them anyway just to make sure they could reset as soon as one died. Rita felt uneasy for the first time in a while, it had been a long time since she had had to kill herself. She had never gotten use to the idea of killing herself, she didn't have a real religion but believed that there was something that happened after death, an after life, heaven, hell, pure consciousness, it didn't matter what it was after but she strongly believed there was something. Dying and resetting seemed like cheating fate. She was prepared to die for the greater good. However she was unaware that she was so close again, she had a feeling she was going to die some time soon but hadn't heard Cage say it to her directly. It was just a feeling but the look on Cages face raised her suspicions. He had been there a hundred times, she couldn't even remember one yet. He knocked down the door of the farm house and stepped inside not even bothering to put up his weapon. \"Watch your shoulders. You cut it on that nail over there.\" He told her pointing to the pointed out nail that once held a frame. \"So what exactly are we doing out here?\" She asked moving away from it. \"There are a lot of supplies out back.\" He said as he opened cabinet after cabinet looking inside. \"So what are you doing now?\" She asked criticizing him. \"Huh? Oh well I'm hungry. I never realized how hungry I was after all those hikes till now. There's got to something in here besides coffee.\" He told her throwing things out of the way. \"There's coffee?\" She asked excitedly joining in the scouring. \"No no the coffee is over her by me don't open-\" he tried to stop her but it was too late, by the time he started she had opened the cabinet and a dozen or so shattered plates came crashing out of the cabinet. \"Ow. Got dammit! Bloody hell!\" She yelled as jagged edges from many of the pieces cut her arm making it bleed everywhere. She looked over at Cage after they had all fallen to the floor angrily. He stood there with a blank expression. \"I was about to warn ya.\" He said trying not to laugh or look guilty. She continued to stand holding her arm with fire in her eyes. \"Come on. There's probably a first aid kit in the garage.\" Though he knew there was. \"Great. Now I don't get to eat. That sucks.\" He said grabbing the coffee trying to be amusing. They brewed the coffee in the chimenia and sat on rusted beach chairs that had been hanging on the wall. Cage had used the first aid kit a hand full of times, some with Rita's assistance and others once he knew what he was doing without asking her. He took the skin glue and connected the two pieces of loosened skin back together then bandaged it with the mesh. \"You're good at this Cage. Where did you learn to triage?\" He hesitated to answer not wanting to ruin the moment and give her a reason to ask if he had been in the exact situation; which he had been, at least six times with the exact same circumstances. He had fixed her arm after being cut with a plate five times, fixed her after a nail cut her once and after a mimic attack too many to count. For a soldier she was very clumsy around that house. He didn't say the same about her being attacked by mimics because he had been in that situation a hell of a lot of times. \"I've picked up a few things.\" He said simply, trying not to draw attention to his skills. \"Drink your coffee, it's just the way you like it.\" He told her handing it to her already exactly as she preferred it to be. 'Dammit!' He though realizing that already knowing what she liked would raise her suspicions, which it did. She took a sip, it was perfect. The perfect amount of sugar, the perfect type, perfect blackness. So perfect that it seemed like he had been doing it his whole life. \"How did you know how I precisely liked my coffee?\" She asked setting it down moving so close to him that he could feel her breath on his neck. \"How many times? How many times have we been here?\" It was always the damn coffee. It always gave him away, always destroyed the calm moment. He sigh and set down the tools. \"Too many Rita. Too damn many.\" The barn grew silent. Just the breathing of Cage and Rita could be heard, that and the cracks of the barn creaking. Rita looked at him her mouth loose, her eyes wide. She wasn't feeling anything specifically, not anger not sadness. The best word she could find was empathy. She felt something for Cage, she felt sorry for him. He must have seen her live and die so many times and he was the only one who had the memories. He had to form a relationship with her to earn her own trust and then reset to a timeline where she forgot everything again. He felt shame, shame for caring for a woman who he kept living the same day with more than a hundred times. He kept thinking after she reset a couple dozens times that she would understand how hard it was to be in the situation. He hadn't forgotten that she had been able to do it before, but she handy teamed up with someone who didn't remenber her time and time again, at least not to his knowledge. He had never asked in all the resets about her own experiences. \"I think, I think it's time we go Cage.\" She said getting up. \"Please, please Rita no. Let's stay a little longer. We have the time. I don't want to do this yet.\" He said softly in the strangest tone she had ever heard from him. It was as if he ached for her not to go. \"Cage, I don't know you. I've known you for two days. And we may have the time but the faster we start, the sooner we can start again.\" She said ignoring his plead and stood up. \"Rita no! I'm not ready to see you die again! That's what you're going to do by the way, die! In just a few minutes! There's a mimic under that damn helocopter and it's gonna attack you as soon as you take off. And I don't know if this stuff is going to work!\" He said referring to the explosives they brought. \"Stop rushing into this we always rush and you always die. That's the prerogative here, don't think and then die. I'm sick of it.\" He ranted to her. Rita stopped. She knew he had been hiding something not that it would be the first time. \"Every time we die, we learn Cage.\" Was all she said. She felt that it was all that was needed to be said. She looked into his eyes and it seemed he understood. She walked back to him putting her hands one his shoulders. \"No more secrets. Tell me everything, stop manipulating the situation with what you know, we're in this together now. You can't fight the inevitable.\" He nodded having already put himself together. The moment had finally come, the moment of truth. Would anything really ever change? Rita climbed into the cock pit and readied the engine. Cage had climbed up to the roof with explosives ready to be thrown. He gave her the signal and the engine started. His heart stopped beating as it slowly took off from the ground followed by those sinister tentacles reaching for the railing. It latched on making a horrific shrieking noise. Rita tried to control the shaking of the copter but she couldn't take to the skies and do that at the same time. She started to panic. \"Throw the things Cage do it now!\" She yelled beginning to lose control. \"How many?\" He asked from the roof. \"Just throw them all!\" She called. Without hesitation Cage plunged the armed explosives at the base of the helicopter pad. And counted down. Five, the creature broke it's tentacle through the window. Four, Rita let go of the controls to cut it off with her knife. Three, the creature reacted. Two, glass crashed, Cage closed his eyes. One. \"On your feet maggot!\" Cage opened his eyes and found himself looking up at an army man yelling at him to wake up. He had died. \"Crap!\"[Chapter 4] They tried the same idea over and over and over thinking that with one more tweak they could get it to work. They got closer every time, but close wasn't nearly good enough, not one bit. Cage watched the strain in Rita's eyes become greater and greater each time. He watched her hope whither, her dreams dwindle. He could see her desperation in the way she moved. She was growing tired and angry. He never thought he'd see the day where she would doubt their cause; but then again, they had failed with the same idea 23 times. Each time they thought it would work, but every time they were wrong and they would wake up a bigger failure than before. \"This isn't working!\" Rita yelled from their janitor cave. She was so angry she threw a chair straight at the wall with all of her strength and anger. Cage was nearly inches away from it but didn't flinch. He didn't react to it. And yet he hadn't seen it coming, it had never happened. He was just used to her outrage. \"I know. It's very obvious. And since we know the omega is in Paris now, we definitely need the helicopter.\" Three attempts ago Cage had seen the omega again this time in Paris. For all he knew it could be another ploy, but they had to try. They were in Europe, near germany. It was in Europe, but France was still a very long walk, which was what they would have to do if they didn't find something faster. \"Could we go and just drive?\" Rita asked. She knew it was a half assed idea but it was the only one she had. Cage shook his head. \"No. We would never make it. We are wasting time as we speak! That helicopter is our only option! We can't steal any here, they're behind locked doors and hangers. And I doubt there's another random helicopter in another backyard.\" They sat in silence. They were starting to give up. On their plans, on each other, on ever winning. They were never close enough to do any real damage, no matter how many mimics they killed, they would all come back. They both slouched over their chairs thinking of all this, but suddenly Rita popped up. \"I know how we can do this!\" She announced. Cage looked up eager to hear her. \"You're not going to like it...\" his smile slipped away. \"We're going to have to kill me. Yeah, really short chapter. But what else am I supposed to do at the airport? California bound! Yay for me! And sorry I haven't written in a long time, but it's been a while since I saw the movie so my inspiration is... dwindling. But I hope you enjoyed the story so far :)[Chapter 5] THIS IS VERY OVERDUE! Wow it's been really long since the last update. And I wrote this in an hour. But you deserve a continuation and so does the story. I am so grateful to all of you, this is the most followed story for edge of tomorrow! That is sooooo cool thank you so much. This will not be the last chapter I promise. Cage stared at Rita for a few moments. He could honestly say that what he had just heard was the dumbest plan he had ever heard. For one thing they died all the time, what was one more? What would be the point? And still, they didn't know what would happen if they died at separate times. He was no scientist, but he was half convinced that the time space continuum would blow up. But that was just him, he had watched a lot of syfy growing up. Most of all he had watched Rita die a hundred times, and the feeling in his gut that he got every time he watched it happen never subsided. He just got used to having her around, having her remember him, having her laugh at his jokes and continue on conversations they had had the day before. He liked that. He liked her. And he couldn't help but think that she liked him too. He wasn't sure what he was going to say, he wanted to be understanding but he was just going to let out whatever came to mind. \"That's the stupidest idea I've heard!\" That was the only thing that came to mind unfortunately. Rita didn't like his tone. She snarled. \"Every time we go and try to fight those things they come after me first. It's because I'm an easier target Cage! If you shoot me and injure me than ill become an easier target, i.e. a distraction.\" She said as factual as possible. \"So you want me... to shoot you. Basically making you a limping meal?\" He stood looking at her dumbfounded, and all of a sudden burst out laughing. \"God if I didn't know you were so smart I would think you were the dumbest human being that's ever lived!\" He laughed. Rita of course didn't take this lightly. She took a step forward, cage laughing, and she came closer. Until she was eye to eye with him, nose to nose. Cage stopped laughing as he noticed her eyes staring directly into his. 'Is she going to kiss me?' He thought. No. Her arm raised, hand in the form of a fist, her eyes fired with rage. Her arm struck his face knocking him to the ground waiting for the pain. There was a two second delay but it came in full force. She had hit him perfectly in the jaw. Now she was the one laughing. \"Fine fine, you have my uninterested attention.\" He said through his teeth while his hands rubbed his jaw she had happily hit. \"I don't care what your problem is with this, it's a good one. All of the mimics will be driven to me which will give you the time to get in the helicopter yourself. And I don't care if you don't like the plan, it's my turn.\" She said smugly. Cage sighed. He disagreed with almost all of her plan but it was her turn. Turn to choose a plan. He stood his right hand still on his jaw and nodded his head. \"Fine.\" As always; they trained, dropped, shot mimics, ran away, stole a car, and headed to the house. Cage had decided that the trips in the car were his favorite parts of each day. He always learned something new and he always saw one of those rare Rita smiles. That was the best part. They discussed the construction of Rita's plan, but cage listened with one ear. He didn't want to listen to Rita's impending doom, how he would have to shoot her, watch her get torn apart by those space octopi. That part made him wince. Rita noticed it and would sometimes stop talking and wait for Cage to stop thinking about it and then continue. Cage didn't want to listen, instead he stared at her while she drove, pretending to listen and just look at her. Trying to Remember what she looked like healthy, alive. But the thoughts kept returning. Her being torn apart, him having to shoot her. He had to admit that when he first met her he would have loved to have been able to shoot her. Get her back for all the times in training that she had killed him. He had thought about it a few times when he got bored. She wouldn't have remembered anyway. But now he didn't dare think of it. Not just becAuse she would kick his ass when they both woke up but because he knew her now. She wasn't the bitch that kept shooting him anymore, she was the woman he teamed up with, that he knew and deeply cared for. She was a genius, but also clueless. After all these days she hadn't picked up on his feelings, and if she had she was ignoring hers. He didn't want to think about that either. The house once again. Cage stared at the house, that God forsaken house and somehow managed to kill them every single time! They needed the helicopter, it was the only way they would get to Paris, that or steal an airship but that was far to difficult. \"Are you okay with the plan?\" Rita asked also staring at the rickety house. \"I think the plans solid, I just don't like it.\" He took a breath and they both entered the house. To say cage was worried would be an understatement. They had never died more than a few seconds apart. They didn't know what would happen. If one died did that mean the other died too anyway? Or would the whole universe implode? Once again that idea was only in Cage. But Rita had similar worries. She just didn't know. But they had to try. She believed in Cage. If anyone could get to the heart of the mimics, get to the omega, it was him. No time to waist. Rita and Cage went straight for the back yard. Rita had a sad smile on her face as she handed Cage her hand gun. She placed it in her hand and hers on top of it. She wanted to say something but didn't have the heart to say it. She just nodded and walked to a somewhat clear area in the yard. Cage steered clear of the helicopter but wasn't too far so he could make his escape. He waited. Rita wasn't used to offering herself. She had never felt the strain a bullet put on her body. And Cage wasn't aiming for a kill spot, he was going for her leg and side, making her bloody and easy to get. But it wouldn't kill her, the mimics had that job. She was live bait. She took a deep breath and looked to Cage. He had the saddest face she had ever seen. \"I believe in you Cage. You can do this, you can do... all of this.\" He heard this. He fired. He hated doing it. Please review and if you are new to the story please follow and favorite this... if you want to. Once again thank you so much for reading and following.[Chapter 6] \"Your body is laying at my feet Rita. Why? Why did you make me do it?\" Her eyes were barely open, but enough to see the pupil of her eye just enough for Cage to have a twinge in his heart. He was still there and she was dead. What did that mean? What would happen when he died now? There was no way to know. And he hated it. He didn't get a chance to say goodbye. That was the worst part he felt. He had seen her die a hundred times but this time was different. She would remember this time. Maybe. This time she knew him almost as well as he did she. Cage looked at her one last time before he ran to the helicopter in a sprint and started the engine as the forty mimics dashed to Rita's body. The helicopter started to go up and several mimics went running towards it. But they were too late. He was too far up just as Rita was too far gone. Cage was a strong man, but Rita being someone he cared for who was now dead on his order made a tear come to his eye. Much of him wanted to say \"screw it all!\" And crash the craft right there and then. And hopefully find Rita waiting for him. Maybe say he went and found nothing as he did the last location and maybe convince her that it was a lost crusade. Convince her to just live her life to the fullest while she still had a life as he would. Although his vision of living his life included her in his bed, which he was pretty sure she wouldn't go along with. Or any of it. He feared she was too focused on the mission for extracurricular activities... Sex. He flew for hours and hours until the sun was down and the stars were out and bright. They were the only thing besides the moon that light his way since the lights were out on the copter. He looked below at the cities. All in ruin at least somewhere. In other parts however the city looked quite beautiful with its lights and cars moving. And the dark parts had an eerie beauty to them as well. It was the only nice view he had seen in a while. But while he was focused on the view of the European towns he wasn't ffocuses on the fuel tank. Until it started warning him of the impending emptiness of the tank. Bitterly cage sighed. \"Look what your brilliant plan has done now Rita! I'm gonna have to land and probably be killed.\" He cursed her name under his breath. But it also gave him comfort to mention her name. That comfort was replaced with pain at the impact of the landing which was rocky to say the least. Cage threw himself out of the craft as it basically fell apart behind him. He was in a forest on the edge of a little French town. Forests were breeding grounds for mimics it often seemed. They were everywhere in forest but most were too large and inhabited to block off. He would have to walk to find help. He thought of Rita on his long walk. Of her face as he had shot her in the chest. The way she limply fell to the ground in a single instant and the blood that covered her clothes. But the look, the look that went over he face as the life slipped from her body. He had done that. He was the reason. He never wanted to do that again. He didn't know if he could. The end of the woods were marked by barbed wire and thicket, but mimics had cleared a path into a hole under the fence line. He hadn't seen any on his journey to the village. He saw in using their conveniant path. Without his suit on he could easily slip through the hole and he was free of the woods. That didn't mean he was safe though. Without Rita he would have to do twice the work, twice the fighting and twice the thinking. But most of all he would miss having her with him. In the apocalyptic nightmare they found themselves in, having her with him almost made it fun. Or at least much more interesting. She was the angel for his adventure. But the angel was dead now, and he was knocking on heavens door. The town from where he was standing looked somewhat empty with only a few lights coming from Windows. No one was outside from what he could see. No animals, no mimics. He kept his ears open though. A crackle, he heard it from behind him. He flinched and quickly turned his weapon at the ready. He stood strong ready to fire. It was a man! A man with a green hat. A man with a gun! A man that was firing a- \"On your feet maggot!\" He heard as he jostled awake. \"Are you God damn serious!\" A man was the reason for his death, a red neck with some shot gun who thought he was a mimic!? He sigh and stood. All seemed as it usually was. But where's was Rita. Was she alright? Would she remember? He had to know. He went through the normal God awful routine until he escaped and ran off to find Rita. His heart raced, his palms sweat, he couldn't stop biting his lip. He went into a run into the training arena until he saw the station she was normally at. There she was. Just as always. He skipped the formalities and just shouted her name. She reacted quickly and stood sternly. What did that mean? Did she remember? It felt like an eternity. \"Cage.\" \"You remember.\" He said so happily under his breath. He urged her to follow him to the janitors lair. She wanted to hear what happened. He wanted to do more than just tell. \"We're here. That obviously means you failed. What happened.\" She asked as serious as ever. Cage couldn't get over seeing her again. Unfortunately his face carried an unintelligible smile. \"I got as far as France.\" \"And?\" She asked impatiently. \"I died. And realized something too.\" Rita was irritable. She grabbed his shirt and threw him against a wall with ill intent. Her chest was close to his, he could hear her heart, feel her heavy breath, see her gritted teeth. \"What's that?\" She asked not really caring. There was a pause. Cage looked down and back up examining her. Then grabbed her collar as she did his, but he did it not because he was angry. He pulled her even closer. \"I realized I can't do this without you, Rita.\" She wasn't able to react in time. Before she knew it Cage had put her lips against his. He waited but did not stop, he waited for her to pull away. But she didn't. She kissed back. He didn't know why. I am very sorry I have not written in so long. I hope you didn't think I gave up on the story I just needed an idea and it just suddenly did. I try not to take long breaks because readers want updates. I hope you aren't disappointed with the chapter. I don't know when ill write again but hopefully it will be soon. Follow and favorite if you want. Pleeaasssseee comment and once again thank you for reading and sorry for the awful wait.[Chapter 7] \"Cage..\" Rita slowly separated herself from him and calmly stepped away. \"The whole world is at stake.\" \"The world can wait. Or reset itself for all I care. We have the time. More time than the world does.\" \"No! We don't! I can't take time for myself to just sit back and let my personal relationship with an egotistical jackass take front seat. While we are doing this hundreds and more are dying outside.\" \"Theyre just going to reset Rita! Do you honestly think that this game is ever going to end? I'm having my doubts! I've jumped about a hundred times and it's giving me a headache. I'm sick of it!\" Cage sat back on the table staring at the beautiful but stubborn angel that was Rita. He tried to me mindful of his temper toward her not wanting to scare her off from his romantic intentions. But for her it was clear that was the last thing on her mind. Rita snapped back immediately with a weary tone, \"headache Cage? Really?\" \"No need to sarcastic or anything. Jesus Rita.\" \"No I'm serious. How long have you had this happen to you?\" \"A couple jumps. Dehydrated ok?\" \"No! Cage for God sakes. They're adapting to our ability to reset the day. The alpha that you killed is killing itself so that we can't use its blood anymore! And if it does from blood poisoning, well so do we!\" William slowly rose from the metal table grasping the edge as tight as he could. His throat dried at her jumble of words. \"That can't be true how would you know this? What makes you even think this?\" \"Doctor Carter. When I was given the ability he tracked down the alpha whom I had killed. It was changing its blood chemistry to some unknown product. I think I just realized what it was that it was changing it to. Into poison!\" Rita, Carter, and Cage spent the next hour studying their blood chemistry. Unfortunately he was experiencing the first symptom of blood poisoning. From what they could gather it was a slow process but with each jump he and eventually Rita would get a little worse, until it would eventually kill them. Suddenly everything changed for Cage. When he looked at Rita he no longer saw a strong amazing woman whom he was slowly falling for; he saw a strong amazing woman who was soon to be a casualty. They thought they held the key to winning the war, but now it seemed that that lock was being changed. They sat in silence for a few minutes staring at their battered shoes. Carter left not able to stand the tension any longer. The end seemed near. \"I think this egotistical jackass is ready to put his personal feeling aside now and focus on the mission before it inevitably ends.\" He said very empty. Rita looked at him with the opposite expression; compassion and empathy. Are you sure? I know you just found out that you were basically dying.\" \"So did you.\" \"Yes, but the difference between you and I is that I always accepted the fact that I was going to die in this war. You on the other hand have the hope of a child. And I envy that. You never thought you were going to lose.\" \"And if we leave now I just might win yet. So let's go.\" He replied still just as hollow. Rita turned Him around in one swift move grabbing his chin as well. He reluctantly stopped and looked her in the eye. \"It's okay to be scared of death as long as it doesn't control you. Fear allows you to feel.\" She said softly. Her face only inches from his just a little farther down. She reached up and kissed him on the cheek though it was filled with empty promises. She waited for him to respond, a breath, a word, anything. But instead they stood like this in silence for two minutes. Finally but reluctantly Cage responded, \"I don't feel anything anymore.\" This time he was the one to separate them. \"We should go.\" He said softly this time with a slight bit of emotion. Rita didn't buy it though. To her, Cage wasn't the same person anymore. Dying slowly just wasn't his style. Yusssss! Finally! No I never forgot this story I just ddint want to disappoint with a half hearted chapter. But some of you who keep following and commenting got me back into the zone. Thank you for the continual interest.[Chapter 8] SORRYYYYYYY ' Is he bipolar? Or is he so messed up that he can't keep his emotions in check for one lousy minute?' Rita thought to herself, yet still, when she looked at the man with the blank expression next to her, she couldn't help but miss that one minute in the janitors room when her lips were on his, the time when the world could wait. Even so she wanted to hit Cage. Since their conversation he wasn't saying much either because he was angry or actually scared about really dying. From what she had been told, Rita knew that the headaches would worsen to a point where Cage would be in so much pain he wouldn't be able to bare it. What can you do for a dying man in pain who won't die? They had no plan left. The only way they could get to the copter would be for one of them to die and neither could go on without the other. They had already gotten past the battle ground and into one of the cars with little problem, but neither knew where to go from there. \"Where are we going, Cage?\" Rita suddenly asked knowing well where they were going. \"Well obviously the farm house but first, I'm going to find the nearest bar house, get drunk off my ass, and then hopefully get into a fight with some bikers who will undoubtedly beat me to a pulp and start this terrible freaking day over again.\" Cage said this in the most mono tone fashion Rita had ever heard. Whether or not he was actually joking remained unknown but did make Rita laugh a little. \"And what am I doing in the midst of this?\" Rita joked. \"Either getting felt up by one of the bikers, the bartender, or hopefully by me.\" Cage smirked finally showing some of his old self. \"Jackass.\" Rita yelled lifting up her arm and punching him dead in his temple. Cage coughed, suddenly everything around him started flashing, the vehicle moved farther and farther away from him but he stood still. No matter what he did he couldn't look around. All he could see was lights, all he could hear was himself. ' Am I dying?' Cage thought. All of a sudden the light became too bright to bare. When he opened his eyes again, Cage wasn't in the car with Rita, he was in Paris, or at least his mind was. The Eiffel tower, the gardens, then suddenly he was staring at the louvre museum. He moved again, going straight down. \" Well, looks like I'm going to hell after all!\" Cage thought as his mind went further and further down until finally, another flash of light. And then there it was. A beating pulse of blue matter and dozens of alphas everywhere. \" this is it... this is omega..\" Cage felt himself jerk and for a moment there was only darkness. When he opened his eyes everything was hazy, and his head was absolutely throbbing. He moaned at the sensation. \"Haha, jeez I didn't hit you that hard!\" Rita cracked. Cage didn't respond to her. \"Oh my god Cage you're bleeding!\" She suddenly announced. Right under his nose, blood tricked down from both nostrils. \"What's going on are you ok? It's not because I hit you right?\" Usually Rita didn't care as much about his well being but now that he started showing symptoms of the blood poisoning she was being more cautious. \"I'm fine it's not cause you hit me. Lay off please.\" He moaned. Rita suddenly noticed she had moved half way onto his lap. \"Really I'm fine. I think I know where to go.\" \"So, I hit you, triggering some sort of vision that showed you the true location of the omega? And now we know exactly where we need to be in Paris!? God if the world wasn't the way it was I'd say you were insane.\" Rita rolled her eyes. \"But it is this world. And finally, finally we are getting somewhere.\" He said smiling. \"But how are we getting to Paris now? We can't go back to base, it's basically gone! And the helicopter is out of the question!\" Rita yelled to Cage as the car continued to accelerate. \"Nothing since the whole day is basically wasted. The base is probably destroyed by now which means we can't take a plane and everyone is as good as dead so we can't get any back up.\" \"So where are you going to in such a God damn hurry?\" \"Right into that wall!\" He said in the most insane and free voice Rita had ever heard. In front of them, was a quickly approaching brick wall and their speed was reaching upwards of seventy. \"Wait! Cage, wait no!\" He heard Rita plea at the last second but he was too busy feeling the wind through his hair and screaming in a delighted boyish tone. He let go of the wheel and closed his eyes still ignoring Rita. Start the bloody day over again, there was nothing g left to do here. A marvelous, loud sound swept through his ears before the definite blackness occurred around him. \"On your feet maggot!\" The voice erupted through is ears but Cage had a hard time opening his eyes. He felt funny, he felt awful! His body immediately shot upwards from the sacks he was laying on and started vomiting uncontrollably. He heard the sergeant groan in annoyance before lifting him off the ground by the bare collar. \"Jesus kid what the hell is wrong with you? I can't decide to put you in the infirmary or the brig.\" The sergeant laughed. \"Sir! Allow me!\" Said a voice quickly getting closer. The voiced around Cage seemed to silence at the presence. \"Ms. Vrataski. What are you... Of course but why?\" He seemed a little shell shocked my her being there. \"She's my angel.\" Cage coughed and coughed some more. The sergeant snickered at him before throwing him to the ground. Rita quickly met his side and helped him up. He looked absolutely terrible, like he was actually in a car accident but not really. His eyes were blood shot, his skin was pale and his nose was once again bleeding. She lifted him up and leaned him against her shoulders and made him walk with her. He did not protest the assistance, she did not protest helping him. It was the first time she had met him rather than he meet her. Cage knew that and it warmed him. He kept coughing till bits of blood escaped his mouth. \"You're my angel...\" He mumbled softly. Soon, Cage found himself laying on a table in the janitors room having Rita feed him water and cold towels. He chewed piece after piece of gum to take the terrible taste out of his mouth. \"You idiot! This is why I didn't want you killing yourself! This blood poisoning is dangerous and fast! It'll only get worse. I can't believe you didn't let me finish...\" she kept swearing at him not that he was actually listening. Cage slowly sat himself up holding the cold towel to his forehead. Rita kept swearing at him while taking his temperature. \"God why do her lips keep moving so fast?\" The second she looked up at him to give him another piece of her mind, Cage swooped a kiss onto her. She fell silent finally. He'd missed kissing her. What felt like minutes was only a few seconds. Cage moved away with a sincere smile. \"Thank you for coming for me.\" He said. Slowly, he stood himself up from the table. He was still unsteady but felt a world better than what he was before. \"Let's go steal a plane!\" He said acting like a teenager ready for a game. Even if she was mad, Rita couldn't help but melt at what Cage had said. She smiled sadly. Cage was going to get worse, and yet he was not going to stop. How could she stay mad at someone like that? Uhhhhhhhhh... I've been in Africa. That's my excuse. Comment and follow THANKS! ","Summary":" Takes place after Cage realizes the omega isn't in the dam. I do not own edge of tomorrow or its ch"}]