[{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"Mi rayo de sol","Author":"StrandedOnMars","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12912295","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue Max rolled over, slowly inhaling and exhaling as his bones creaked underneath his sweaty skin. His clock shined bright in the darkness, too bright. He reached out to turn the clock face dow. It was 3:30 in the morning, the outside air was hot and humid. Pulling his blankers closer around him, Max continued to try and fall back asleep. It was quite a while before he had to go to work and wake Sofia up. He didn't even know what woke him up. Sleep was getting harder and harder to come by these days. He was always worried about Sofia and making sure that she is okay. The sun shining in through the cracks of the blinds on his window with the promise of a new day. He would get up, open the blinds, wash his face, pull on a different shirt, and go wake his kid. Max loved his kid more than anything. He loved her more than he did himself, and he wanted the world for her, just like every father should. Sofia, who was smart, stubborn, crude and kind. She was a constant reminder of her mother and himself, from her smile down to the way the tears ran crookedly over her cheeks. Sighing, Max ran a hand down his face. He turned his face into his pillow and tried to push everything out of his mind, trying to envision a black wall in front of his mind. It wasn't working. There wasn't a lot of things that Max enjoyed in his life, but one of the things that he enjoyed most was his daughter. She was a splitting image of him. To his hair down to the color of his eyes. \"Daddy?\" Sofia was standing in the doorway. The sleeves of her shirt were clutched in her hands, fists shaking. It was one of Max's, navy blue and frayed, coming down to the tops of her knees. Sofia wore it every night, telling him multiple times that the shirt smelled like him. Sofia was almost invisible in the pitch black darkness, but it looked like she was trembling slightly. Max heard her sniff, and another sigh escaped his lips. Not a frustrated sigh, but a sad, sorry sigh, one that carried memories and whispers of better days. \"Come here mi amor.\" Max said as he sat up in his bed, patting the space next to him. Sofia sat down on the bed, and with the faint light from the clock on the table next to her, Max could see that her lower lip was trembling under teeth that were sunk into the skin. He gathered her into his arms, pulling her onto his lap and against his chest. He could feel her shaking underneath his arms, not from the cold but from fear. \"Sofia...\" He rested his chin on her shoulder, kissing her cheeks and jawline, rubbing her arms. \"What's wrong, Sofia?\" \"I... I had a nightmare. I watched you die and there was nothing I could do. I was all alone, Dad.\" Sofia sniffled. The soft sound was hidden under a cloth covered fist as Sofia tried hard not to cry. \"You were gone, Daddy.\" Max shut his eyes for a moment, trying hard not to cry himself. He didn't even know why, but all of a sudden he was emotional and he had an overwhelming surge of love for his daughter hit him like a blow in the chest. He couldn't bear to see her like this, in tears because she had thought she had lost him. She was only nine years old; death should have been a foreign concept to her mind, a mind that Max was afraid was becoming less and less naive and gentle by each day. Max shifted so that he could see Sofia's eyes, turning her so that she was facing him. He thumbed his fingertip under her eyes, catching her tears on his finger. Her pale, bright blue eyes were wet and shiny with tears that had yet to fall as she looked up at her father. \"Listen to me, Sofia. I'm not going anywhere. I'm going to be here for your next birthday, for your graduation, for your first lover, your wedding day, I'm going to be here. I'm not going to leave you. Not ever.\" He gripped her shoulders and looked at her. \"I'm staying right here with you until the day I die.\" \"P-promise?\" \"I promise, Sofia.\" Max said as he pulled his daughter into a tight hug. He felt the familiar shape of her body in his arms, gangly, thin limbs that wouldn't stop shaking no matter how hard Max squeezed her. \"I promise.\" Who knew that he wouldn't be able to keep his promise to her. That it would cost his life in the process. ","Summary":" Prologue Max rolled over, slowly inhaling and exhaling as his bones creaked underneath his sweaty s"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"A Nest of Spiders","Author":"adelantefilmworks","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12376632","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter one Somewhere in the industrial ruins of Los Angeles there is a hideout. It is tucked away beneath pillars of concrete and colored with graffiti. Finding the hideout is easy but getting in requires firepower and a lot of patience. It is protected by several exits unknown to strangers and one large blast door. If an unwelcomed guest did manage to enter the hideout then it was a short lived victory. The Mexican in charge would command dozens of armed men to pull their triggers and in a hot flash they would disappear forever. The Mexican had a limp and often used a cane for support. His curly black hair bounced with each step and his barks were colored with Mexican slang and curses. He used his image as a symbol of power against oppressive systems, systems that had long abused the people of Los Angeles. He was the hideout's ruthless leader but he was also intelligent. He understood how speak the language of technology which gave him the privilege to use, and abuse, that power. The hideout was filled with large monitors and humming machines. Cables ran in every direction like the nerves in a human body. It was a living organism that ran on sweat and electricity and it did not stop, not under the Mexican's command. Unfortunately, the machine did stop. The Mexican participated in an event that changed the future of his people, or more specifically the people of Los Angeles. His responsibility moved out of the hideout and into the world. His electronic battle against oppressive systems was going to continue elsewhere. The power was turned off and the living organism died. For years the machines remained lifeless and untouched. One drizzling night a teenage girl was sent as a scout to look for shelter. She slid into a ravine, through a broken sewer pipe, and landed in an underground duct. The muddy water was up to her knees and that was when she saw an exit door that was partially opened. With all of her strength she slid the door back and rain water immediately rushed in. The girl used her flashlight to discover the strange place for herself and once she was satisfied with its protection she left. She returned the next day with two dozen children of various ages. The children observed the dark hideout with flashlights and curious eyes. One of their lights revealed a large graffiti of a spider on the ceiling. \"What is this place?\" A small boy with reddish hair asked The teenage girl wandered farther than the rest and replied, \"it's our house for now.\" \"Where are you going?\" The boy asked tensely. The girl's flashlight bobbed up and down until it finally disappeared around a corner. Her voice echoed, \"to find the on switch to this house.\" ","Summary":" Chapter one Somewhere in the industrial ruins of Los Angeles there is a hideout. It is tucked away "},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"A new day","Author":"ginakiki27","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10115230","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Annie´s POV: Despierto y veo como la luz del día se cuela entre mis persianas, la luz me da en la cara y huelo el olor a nuevo en mis sabanas de franela, juego con la funda de mi almohada con las yemas de mis dedos, después de un rato, me levanto de la cama y me meto a la ducha, dejo que el agua recorra mi piel un rato antes de salir; cuando salgo mi cuarto está arreglado otra vez, y un robot sirvienta me tiende una toalla -¿desea una preparación completa al estilo elegante señorita Pain? Pregunta el robot -¿Para qué? Le respondo –Hoy es la fiesta de la familia Spain. –ah, si afirmativo. 2 horas después estoy en un lugar sin cambios a el de ayer, una fiesta elegante con adultos bebiendo, unos que otros niños jugando, sirvientes robot ofreciendo diferentes platillos a los invitados, todos elegantes y aburridos, hombres ricos hablando de negocios y sus esposas, o contando chismes en otra mesa, o a su lado fingiendo interés en la conversación, o fácil, engañándolos. No estoy muy segura si es en este momento, pero creo que mis padres se encuentran en la tercera opción, si tan solo existiera el amor, talvés esta fiesta sería divertida, mis 2 padres juntos sentados junto a mi contando chistes con una familia igual, lamentablemente eso es en la otra mesa, en esta soy solo soy yo, una chica de 14 años típicamente rica y engreída con un pastel de chocolate, una melena larga y castaña rojiza, ojos castaños oscuro y un vestido caro manchado de salsa. –Creo que iré por aire fresco. Le digo a mi padre rápido pasando a un lado de él –Claro linda. Me responde sin mucho interés, salgo a un área verde a un lado de la casa y pronto me doy cuenta de que algo anda mal. Nick´s POV: Me despierto con un mal sabor de boca, me pongo unas botas, me como un taco y tomo lo último que le queda a mi cerveza –Hoy es el día. Me digo a mi mismo y salgo de mi departamento, me dirijo a Elysium con un propósito, llegar con vida. Una vez en la estación de despeje ilegal, me ponen una identificación falsa en la muñeca, me arde un poco, pero vale la pena, corro hacia la nave, entro y me abrocho el cinturón, el capitán nunca nos habla, solo escuchamos una cuenta regresiva y despegamos con brusquedad, mientras nos dirigimos a Elysium veo a mi alrededor, un bebe está llorando, un anciano no se puso el cinturón y está intentando sostenerse de algo, hay dos niños de aproximadamente 10 y 7 años y una madre rezando en voz baja, 3 hombres sudorosos con cara seria, una chica algo mayor que yo ciega acompañada de un chico de unos 17 años, parece ser su hermano, la madre del bebe parece estar teniendo un ataque de tos, algo anda mal –Creo que necesita ayuda. Digo en voz alta -¿se encuentra bien? Pregunta el chico de 17, la mujer no para de toser y hace una seña que parece ser un no, la mujer con 2 niños toma a su bebe e intenta calmarlo -¡Ya cayenla! Grita uno de los hombres -¡oiga tenga respeto! le grito -¡no me digas que hacer! Me grita el hombre, esto no parece estar saliendo bien -¡calmado ahí atrás! Grita el capitán volviéndose hacia nosotros y en ese momento impactamos brutalmente contra un pino en Elysium, nos vamos de lado y la nave pierde el control, hay patrullas dirigiéndose hacia el lugar, la nave se estrella y un lado de ella queda destrozado, alguien grita corran y obedezco, hay personas en la zona y casas alrededor, hay sucios y limpios corriendo menos alguien, una chica con una mancha roja en su vestido que está justo en la dirección en la que voy. ","Summary":" Annie´s POV: Despierto y veo como la luz del día se cuela entre mis persianas, la luz me da en la c"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"Mercury 9","Author":"PinkWhirlWind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9591058","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mercury 9 by Pink Whirlwind Disclaimer: I don't own Elysium. I very much liked the movie. .com' Notes: The pairing is Max/Julio WARNING! SPOILERS! If you haven't seen the movie and you don't want spoilers.. come back when you're ready! \"Things could have been different.\" Annise said, firmly. It wasn't argumentative, just a statement of fact. \"It could be different.\" \"There are laws for important reasons,\" Frey said. \"But Earth is different now.\" \"Yes.\" They sat together for a while, the sunlight kind and warm. The Max Da Costa park sat in the center of Los Angeles, surrounded by a city build clean and healthy, with beautiful buildings and safe pathways for traffic. Birds flew against the backdrop of a beautiful blue sky. It was Max's day. No one knew his birthday, not even Frey who had actually known him, so his life was celebrated by the day he had died. The entire world celebrated with feasting and acts of kindness and selfless giving. That a great many babies were born nine months later was also well noted, but as there were now over 150 colonies set at all the Lagrange points and colony ships moving even farther out, babies were welcome. Free trade was re-established with the fall of the monopolies. Education and health care were readily available. Food was plentiful. No one went without clean water or basic life support. The medical droids that could heal could also teach. The droids at the Armadyne factory had been repurposed as teachers, companions, emergency workers. Most major universities offered degrees on the life of Max Da Costa Time travel had been discovered, but then put on hiatus. No one could say for sure what would happen if even so much as a single breath changed in the past, how much of the present would change. Debates were held. Then they were held again. Max' sacrifice was discussed. The impact of it was discussed. Ways of rescuing him through time were discussed. Several factions argued that to rescue him would devalue his sacrifice and therefore the power of the idea of his life as a beacon of peace and cooperation. Decades passed. Movies were made. Video games. VR experiences where one could take the pilgrimage and come face-to-face with Max' Choice were created and many millions of people participated. How he would fit into this new world where knowledge and tech had spread like a healing balm over the world, where a whole new morality based on his perceived courage and grace had risen up? What if he wasn't as good as everyone thought he was? What if he were angry and violent? What about his mythic love Julio? Eventually the choice to rescue Max and Julio fell to Frey, as Max' only recognized kin. She quickly became a recluse. Matilda was in a campaign for president and recused herself from taking the decision, as a consequence, the choice fell to Matilda's daughter, Annalise, who had never met the hippo, only heard stories of him. Frey told her granddaughter stories of when she and Max were children, stories of desperate poverty, where they were the lucky ones to be able to live in the shelter and love provided by the sisters. She spoke of how Max hadn't been able to read when they'd met. She spoke of a body with blond hair and dreams as big as the galaxy. It was those stories, told honestly, but with an intention to let the past sleep in the peace that it had found, it was those stories that awakened in Annalise the desire to save not only Max and Julio, but all the people she could. \"Well, I've decided.\" \"You're only 35. What do you think you know? You're younger than he was on that day.\" \"Did you love him? You were right there, weren't you? On the very same colony and everything. Didn't you love him?\" \"Well, not really. I was dreadfully angry at him, Anna. It was all such a very long time ago. What they talk about.. how they talk about him. He was a good man, a really good man, well, when he wasn't doing stupid things. I might have loved him once, but not the way everyone loves him now. Anna,\" Frey said affectionately, reaching for her granddaughter's hand. She held her granddaughter's hand over her heart. Both of them looked about the same age, very similar to each other, though there was more pain in the grandmother's eyes, secrets. \"Don't do what they are asking you to do. Let Max have his day, a day that is gone. Things were not good for Max, but he did a great thing. Anna,\" Frey said, \"Let him sleep, Anna. Please.\" \"I know so much about him, Grandmother. I love him. I have to save him.\" Frey's hand moved like a shot to Anna's head, pulling her close so she could whisper in her granddaughter's ear. \"Then you better get his husband too, Annalise, and he's your grandfather.\" Annalise pulled back, eyes wide. Frey leaned back against the huge plaque memorializing Max. \"After the .. after we all became citizens.. there was so much to do. The build out started right after that. No one ever asked about Matilda's father. I expect they thought if the greatest hero of Earth had fathered my child, I'd have said something.\" \"Does Mom know?\" \"Of course not! You mustn't tell her. She's running for president and all.\" \"Why... why didn't anyone do any ... testing?\" \"Max died. The body was disposed of before anyone thought about it.. all of his belongings... Anna, he didn't have much. It was all gone before anyone realized he was such a great hero. There was nothing to do testing with.\" \"The AI on Elysium has a copy of his DNA!\" \"Yes, but because he is deceased it is sealed. If you bring him back, it will be unsealed.\" \"So what! Mom wants to be president... being Max's daughter will just make things easier for her.\" \"Being Max' daughter will not make things easier for either of them. It will not make things easier for me.\" \"How so, grandmother?\" Frey closed her eyes, leaned her head back against the sculpture. \"He once told me that he was going to make things right. Do you really think you can save him.. and Julio?\" \"Yes,\" Annalise said firmly. \"I can save them, Grandmother. I'm going to save them.\" \"Well, when you see him, you tell him I said I'd make things right.\" \"You can tell him yourself. If I'm successful, we should be walking onto the parade grounds in about twenty minutes.\" Annalise smiled triumphantly. The whites of Frey's eyes got bigger. \"Oh god! You're not bring both of them into our time... on the parade grounds to a marching band? Are you stupid?\" \"He deserves a hero's welcome!\" Annalise stood up, smoothed her tunic. \"It'll only be a few minutes for you, but I'm going to be coming back the long way, so it's going to be a few years for me. Don't worry, Grandma. I love you. This is how we put everything right.\" As Annalise walked away, a spring in her step, her understanding of the world formed in a world without hunger or disease. Frey made the sign of the cross and whispered a prayer. \"Mother of God, what are we about to do?\" ","Summary":" Mercury 9 by Pink Whirlwind Disclaimer: I don't own Elysium. I very much liked the movie. .com' Not"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"Falling Stars","Author":"antepathy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9606253","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Five days. It was strange how precious everything becomes when you only have five days left. Less than that, now, though Max had lost track, day bleeding into night, sleep not really being, well...much of a thing. 'You can sleep when you're dead'—the slogan of the young and desperate, burning their proverbial candles at both ends, and pretending to feel some warmth from it, as though to grow old was unthinkable. He'd give anything to grow old, right now, anything to have something like a future again. The saying was a lot less witty now, the truer it was and Max didn't want to waste any of his limited hours left. How many? Less than a hundred, a tiny treasure of time slipping through his plasalloyed palms. Max slumped back against the wall outside Spider's place, trying to ignore the unfamiliar scraping sound of the metal of the exoskeleton holding him up against the brick wall. He took a long breath of air, a hungry gulp, just remembering that he can breathe, he's still breathing, and that meant he could still do something . Just…what? Spider would help. Spider would get him up there, somehow. Spider would have a plan, and Max would hate it, but it would be something. A start. A way to keep moving, to try to outrun his own death, or at least make it have to chase him down. But for now, it was enough to look up at the dark vault of the night sky as he caught his breath, the pain in his side finally ebbing, the night air stirring and cool on his skin. He could hear the soft pings of the exo-suit's heated pistons cooling as he tilted his head up to watch the little bright streaks of light across the sky, meteors falling under the slender wheel of Elysium, and he tried not to think of the fact that they were burning up, dying to shine so bright. ","Summary":" Five days. It was strange how precious everything becomes when you only have five days left. Less t"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"Stories","Author":"antepathy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9606261","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Max stared at himself in the tarnish-speckled mirror, trying to see the exoskeleton. Or rather, trying to see himself beyond the sharp black angles and broad plates. Frey. All he could think about was Frey, how he could never bring himself to see her again, not like this. Would she even notice, remember, care when he didn't show up on Wednesday, or would she just write it off as Max Da Costa, reprobate? Neither answer was flattering. \"Hey, let's go,\" Sandro poked his head inside the dingy bathroom. \"Got places to go, man.\" \"What places?\" His eyes clung to the mirror, to the black thing that crowded over him like a spider, his voice still sounding a bit befuddled, ungrounded. \"Gonna go see Jackyl, man.\" The Jackyl. Max remembered the name, distantly, from the past, when he worked for Spider. One of his better coders, money launderers. No one saw the Jackyl, at least back then. He worked from a distance, alone. \"Why?\" \"Boss man said so's all you need to know,\" Sandro said, tartly. \"Gotta make sure our one shot at this, stuff goes down right.\" \"What's a coder got to do with it?\" Especially the Jackyl. Seemed pretty big guns. Then again, this was a big operation, at least for Spider. \"You'll see,\" Sandro said, with that quick flashing grin of his, gesturing 'come on' with his hand. Spider must have been damn serious about this op, because they went by car, Sandro silent, at the wheel, giving Max time to think, staring moodily at the dust-kicked morning streets they rolled down. Everything looked so…normal, like any other day Max could remember, except for the fact that Max was dying and desperate. The seat sagged under his added weight, the torn vinyl catching in the piston heads, until he squirmed straighter. His whole body hurt, bone-dull aches through his limbs and joints, the insertion sites sore and strained with each hydraulic movement. Sandro had told him it would go away, but he hadn't brought himself to ask when. It would do him no good to know he'd be just peachy…after dying from radiation. No. Stop thinking like that, Max. You're going to get to Elysium and it'll be just like he and Frey had always told each other: Elysium would fix everything. You just have to push through this, get through it, endure. You made it through three years of prison. You can do this. The car rolled to a stop before he could second-thought himself. It wasn't that far: maybe Spider didn't like to spread his network too far afield. The sunlight, after the car's dust-caked, tinted windows, seemed almost blindingly bright, and all he could do was push the pain aside, and focus on following Sandro's shoulders, through a paint-peeling doorway. The Jackyl's place. Someone's place, at any rate. He'd never seen anything like it: walls covered floor to ceiling with cheap plywood and bracket shelves, piled with worm-eaten books, some swollen from old water damage, some with broken, white-veined spines, looking as crippled as he felt. \"Jackyl!\" Sandro called, moving toward the doorframe at the far end, separated with string after string of plastic beads. Primitive alarm, Max's brain recorded, blankly—no one could get through that without making noise. \"Heard you pull up.\" A voice that Max just registered as female before the figure stepped through the bead curtain, with a clatter of bright plastic. The Jackyl was a woman. He felt stupid, and obvious, the way he gaped at her. She was shorter than he was, about Sandro's height, and as pale as any stereotyped coder/hacker he could imagine. The clothes were unremarkable, the almost-uniform of LA sprawl for the heat, but she had a…thing on her head, like a towel or turban or mess of scarves or something. \"Sandro,\" she said, nodding, before turning to Max. \"Hey, so here he is,\" Sandro said, \"Can I get a drink?\" \"I can see that.\" She shrugged. \"You know where the fridge is.\" Sandro bobbed in a nod, slipping through the curtain, and then Max was alone with her. \"So,\" she said, stepping closer. \"You're the lucky bastard that got stuck with this little pipe dream of Spider's.\" \"Yeah. That'd, uh, be me.\" He didn't like the sound of it, but it didn't make it less true. The rig made him feel huge and clumsy, especially as she got nearer. \"Not feeling so lucky, though.\" \"Yeah, well, you're working for Spider. Kind of goes with the territory.\" Her eyes trailed over the exoskeleton, and then she gestured toward the back room. \"Let's get started.\" He hesitated. \"Uh, started with what?\" Jackyl tapped the side of her head, finger hitting a bunch of scarves. \"Getting you set up for this.\" She slipped through the curtain. Max followed, acutely aware of the hydraulic hisses with each movement as he did. Sandro was perched on a table, a sweating can of beer in his hand, the rest of the room dimly lit from one casement window. There was an L-shaped desk, backing the back wall, with a computer screen that cast sky blue light over the room. \"Sandro's crew are the hardware experts. Software, well, that's my job.\" She hooked out a foot, dragging a rolling chair out from under a desk. \"Have a seat.\" He sat down, hands awkward on his lap, remembering why he hated working for Spider. Too many things out of his control, for one. Jackyl twisted behind the desk, squatting down and digging, before coming up with something that looked like a graphing calculator, then moving around behind Max. He tried to turn, only to have the chair's seat stopped by her leg. \"Just let me set this up,\" she said, voice low, behind his ear, that distracted tone of someone doing something kind of delicate. \"First thing we're going to do is check the download. That's to make sure when you get your mark, you don't corrupt the data as you take it.\" \"Download's fine,\" Sandro said. \"We do our job good.\" \"Better safe than sorry, Sandro. Besides, this way it's on me, not you, if something goes wrong.\" \"Good point.\" Sandro winked, the tear tattoo on his cheek twitching. \"First thing.\" Jackyl came around, kneeling in front of him, nodding. \"Then we get your trial run downloading data.\" \"Sounds…fun.\" \"It's something, that's for sure.\" A flash of a smile, before Jackyl reached over for the calculator-looking thing, reaching over Max's left shoulder, fishing a wire from behind him, dangling from his neural hookup. \"This part won't hurt, promise.\" That sounded entirely unencouraging. Discouraging. Whatever the word was. Still, he'd signed onto this: what choice did he have. \"Ready?\" He nodded, grimly, squeezing his eyes shut, waiting for…whatever. It felt like a tingle, at first, like something crawling across his scalp, but from the inside. Jackyl looked up, studying his face. \"You all right?\" \"Yeah. Fine. Feels weird.\" Not bad. Just weird. \"It's not as good as a real Elysium-grade implant,\" she said, as if that explained anything. He gave a vacant nod, trying to process the feeling in his skull, tingling, light, strange. She looked down at the screen in her handheld, then up at Sandro. \"Download's clean.\" \"Told you so,\" Sandro said, lounging on the table, crossing his ankles. \"You know, you could just take it as a compliment.\" \"Where's the fun in that?\" He took another sip of his beer, wiping a condensation-wet hand down his jeans. \"Point.\" She turned back to Max, and for the first time the easy mask seemed to slip. \"Now for the fun part.\" She reached for a plastic crate, upending it to perch on it, facing Max, her hands moving to the mass of fabric on her head, unwinding it with the ease of long practice. Max had no idea what was going on, watching as she peeled off the layers to reveal a black bulk of an implant, almost like his, grafted to the back of her head, scalp bald like any parolee's. \"How…?\" \"Little gift from the Justice System. I used to be, well, a political dissident. I wrote pamphlets after they closed the schools. Did six years for it.\" She looked around the small box of a room. \"Unemployable, afterwards, of course, because I'm not allowed a job. I could warp people's minds, I guess, with all these dissident ideas.\" The smile was more bitter than she probably realized. \"If you have one, how come you didn't-?\" \"Didn't get roped into Spider's plan?\" Another shrug and a tap on the implant. \"Failsafe. If I go anywhere near anything Elysium official, poof. Mind blown, and that's not a metaphor.\" That was something he hadn't thought of: Max's hand reached to his implant in a sudden rush of panic. Jackyl shook her head. \"No, that implant's clean. You're good.\" She reached for another cable, connecting them, scooting closer to Max, her knees between his, bumping the edge of the chair. He felt huge and awkward, capable of only sitting stupidly, helplessly. \"For our purposes, though, this will read as an Elysium implant.\" \"Will it hurt?\" A bark of laughter from Sandro, echoed by Jackyl. \"It will hurt like someone's set off a neutron bomb in your skull,\" she said, bluntly. \"But at least you'll know it's working.\" \"Comforting.\" Not really. Kind of the opposite. \"Forewarned is forearmed,\" she said. \"Now, you ready?\" No. How the hell could anyone be ready for this? Spider's plans always did sweep him along like a leaf in a gutter, spinning and wild. But she wasn't waiting for an answer, slotting the contact into her implant. She hadn't lied: It felt like his skull was bursting itself apart along its sutures, blowing outward in a spray of white and red. \"You have this.\" It took a second for the words to filter through, the sounds to slide into sense. And he could feel it, like a rush or a cascade, like a hose of water flooding into him, snatches of files: code and numerical strings, then visual, sound, smell, memories of words, conversations, everything swirling at high pressure around his head. \"Yeah,\" he croaked, trying to see, to switch his vision back and forth from the flood of data to what was in front of him, around him. He couldn't afford to get lost in it, distracted, when it was Carlyle in front of him. \"I got this.\" And then it ended, just as abruptly as it had begun and he felt a little dizzy, head swimming. He swallowed, thickly, barely registering as she reached over his shoulder again, unhooking the cable. \"You did fine,\" she said, the hand dropping to pat his shoulder between the cage of metal pistons. \"Hey, Sandro, get a drink for, uh…him.\" \"Max,\" Max said, scrubbing a hand over his face, the plastic and mesh of the glove rough against his suddenly-clammy skin. \"Max,\" Jackyl repeated. He heard Sandro move behind him, and then he felt a hand on his wrist, coaxing his hand open, pressing a cold cylinder into it. \"Just soda,\" Jackyl said. \"The sugar's good for you.\" \"First time I think anyone's ever said that,\" he said, with a tired smile. She laughed, high and relaxed, before bending down to pick up the scarves on the floor, beginning to wind them around her head again. Max took a long drink, feeling the cold and the sweetness rush through him, steadying him, sweeping the dizzy fog from his head. \"Why you do that?\" She stopped, looking over at him. \"Do what?\" \"Cover it up?\" A lopsided grin. \"Vanity, or something like it. I just think it's ugly.\" He grunted, looking down at the soda can in his black-gloved hands. \"Yeah. Know the feeling.\" He gave a shrug, the hydraulics hissing. \"You?\" She finished tying up her head wrap. \"I don't know. I think it looks pretty good on you.\" She leaned forward, hooking two fingers under one of the clavicle struts, tugging up. He felt pressure along the strut, from the attachment points on his sternum, the head of his humerus. \"Give a girl some interesting handholds, if nothing else.\" He choked, feeling his face flush with embarrassment. \"You're a damn freak, Jackyl,\" Sandro chuckled, behind him. \"Says the guy with all the ink on his face.\" \"Don't mind her,\" Sandro slapped a hand on Max's back, fingers clapping against two of the pistons over his shoulderblade. \"Bark is worse than her bite.\" \"Like you'd know anything about either,\" Jackyl said, wrapping the cable that had connected them around two fingers. Sandro made a face, and then tapped Max's shoulder again. \"Time to head out, man.\" Jackyl shook her head. \"Let him sit a few more minutes, at least till he finishes his soda, okay? Unless Spider's got you on that short a leash.\" She tilted her head, challenging. Sandro settled back against the table. \"May need another beer.\" \"You forget where the fridge is already?\" Jackyl shooed him off. Max was so used to his own relationship with Spider, strained, antagonistic. It was almost a surprise to see people, you know, getting along. It was all he could do to watch, taking it in. \"It won't be this bad next time—the systems are initialized now.\" \"I'll try to be reassured.\" He felt a little better, some of his old spark flaring up. Still, he was relieved to just sit, take a few moments from the small store he had and just try to be, trying to feel life coursing through his veins. \"What's with all the books?\" Because they were everywhere, even on the computer table, piled in the windowsill, everywhere. He rested the can on the desk, picking up a book and leafing through one, a picture book of great glossy photographs: places with exotic, foreign names like Stonehenge, Angkor Wat, Saqqara. \"Imagination, history, you name it,\" Jackyl settled back on the crate, looking at the book's pictures upside down. \"Nobody wants them anymore.\" \"History?\" \"Stories,\" she said. \"Yeah, well, most of us are probably busy just trying to get by.\" Day after day, shifts at Armadyne, bland meals at the cantina. \"Don't have time.\" But suddenly the last year, day after day, hot and hazy and the same, seemed arid, empty. He promised himself he wouldn't settle for that again. Not after he got to Elysium. \"Hmm. But that's just it. Without hearing other people's stories, we can't make sense of our own. We don't even realize they're supposed to make sense.\" Make sense. Did Max even have a story? He didn't think so. Just a random lurching from hope to diminishing hope, a dying spiral that circled nothing. He wondered if there was a story in any of her books that matched that, that made just wanting to live into something important, something that mattered. He didn't think so. But maybe one day, he'd have the vantage point, and he'd look back on everything and it would all fall into place, like a coder's file, like a city seen from far away, everything orderly and holding meaning. He could hope. He'd try to hope, at any rate. \"Ey, you wanted him to stay here so you could spout your crazy theories at him,\" Sandro said. \"She's always going on about stories and meaning and destiny, man.\" \"Maybe one day you'll find out it's not so crazy, hey, Sandro?\" \"Yeah, sure, some day. Could happen.\" He tapped on Max's shoulder. \"Come on, Max, destiny awaits.\" ","Summary":" Max stared at himself in the tarnish-speckled mirror, trying to see the exoskeleton. Or rather, try"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"Reboot","Author":"antepathy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9607937","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was the space between one breath and another, no longer, a long, sighing exhale, in a room so white it hurt Max's eyes, so sterile and pure that he felt dirty, and clumsy, and dross. And then he'd died, just like that, code singeing through his implant, singing along the suit's circuitry, and it had been nothing like what he'd dreaded, nothing like what he'd been fighting all these years. Death was a release, though there was a moment of terror, a moment of attenuation, as though he was getting sucked through a straw to some powerful place. And he felt, just as he shed it, all the pain of his body: broken wrist, bruised limbs, the bone ache of the suit's screws into his hot flesh, hard bones, the radiation running laps around his body, in his blood, leaching away his life. He felt all that pain the way you do a heavy weight when you put it down: a sort of almost grateful lightness, bobbing upward, free. It had been so simple: the press of a button, the release of breath, and the fighting was over. Finally over, another burden he could lay aside, another weight he could free himself of. But then he realized it wasn't death, at least, not entirely. He could see his body in the sudden darkness, slumped, face slack and empty like an old, dirty sock, scarred and sweaty, and he could see Spider, and the Elysium droids, and he knew, even though he couldn't know, that that one, the one to the right, had been one he'd made, almost as though he could see his own fingerprints on it. He was floating, outside his body, expanded, released. He breathed, or tried to, and the world came back to light and life. \"Spider,\" he said. Or tried to, halfway through the second syllable realizing he hadn't heard his own voice. He tried again, louder, trying to feel the pressure of his lungs, the vibration of his vocal cords. Nothing. No sound. But Spider turned, some reaction, from the black security droid to the battered portable computer he'd dragged all the way from Earth, lunging toward it, peering at the screen. \"Max,\" Spider said, and Max heard his voice, saw the flicker of confusion on his face, eyes flicking to the brownish slump of meat and blood and metal on the floor and then back to the screen. \"Max.\" Why was he staring at the screen? It clicked, suddenly, strands connected by the long line of cable that connected his head to the computer, and he figured it out just as Spider said, \"Max. You're in the mainframe.\" He didn't need to see 'Spider' typed out, twice, the second in all caps, in green letters on Spider's laptop. His voice, at least now. He wasn't in the mainframe: he was the mainframe. And Elysium was his, or rather, he was Elysium, his mind uploaded into the torus's mainframe: all his memories, all his meager joys and ruinous pains, all his frustrated anger at the world, all the dreams he'd dreamed: Elysium, the perfect world, unreachable and tantalizing above him. Max found himself swimming through the mainframe, as white and pure and beautiful as the protocol central complex, and he was a shadow, a ghost, moving through the station, his thoughts its data, the pulse of its systems his heartbeat. He could see wealth beyond imagining, luxury, comfort, rooms so big they seemed like habitats, swaths of growing green things, plants, mosses, flowers cascading in a wild, beautiful profusion, food laid in pantry shelves, things he couldn't even name. There was Drake's body, the mercenary crawling broken-spined toward a medbed, and there was Delacourt's body, where they'd left her, and there was Kruger, shattered armor and bone and blood. And there was Frey, hugging Matilda, her face the kind of joy he'd seen on the orphanage altar, the cheap copy of the Ecstasy of St Teresa, whose bliss seemed to defy the smoke-caked, chipped plaster, sublime, numinous. He'd never brought that look to her face before, even as children, with the open purity of a child's emotions. But here she was, so far into joy that tears sparkled in her dark eyes, and he knew, finally, he'd done something good, something worthy. It hurt, suddenly, a pang that resonated through his whole body-the station-to think that he'd never touch her again. Then again, he'd never been good enough. He'd always known that, and this joy of hers was a tribute, the best he could give the woman who had seen...something in him, even if she let her faith be dimmed. It was him, now, Elysium, his spirit animating the central core. It had been the work of a thought to dispatch the medical ships, starting with the LA favela, sending down the riches of Elysium, the gift of no more pain, no more suffering, a gift because Max finally had something to give, something worth giving. It was his first thought: to heal, to help, to make things right. Funny how he'd come up here to try to save himself. Without a self, he just wanted to save, to give others the chances he'd never had. He didn't know what would come of it, how long he could sustain it, or if he'd die, fizzle and fade into the Elysium net, but if anyone knew, Max did, what a difference one small chance, one small change could push into being. ","Summary":" It was the space between one breath and another, no longer, a long, sighing exhale, in a room so wh"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"Línea delgada","Author":"Prika T","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9762596","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Si, acabo de ver esta película. Por segunda vez consecutiva llore al final de una función, en una sala de cine llena de desconocidos. Soy blandita por dentro, como un bombón expuesto al sol y no pude evitar escribir esto. Simplemente no pude evitarlo, tengo una computadora y no me tomo nada. Hago esto para apoyar el idioma, porque el español es la onda. Me gustaría pensar que alguien más va a leerlo, pero sea como sea, me gusto publicarlo. Se siente bonito hacer lo que amas sin esperar nada a cambio :B Antes de comenzar, me gustaría advertir que contienen una cantidad obscena de spoilers. La película no me pertenece, por si alguien lo dudaba (Así de cruel es esta pagina :T). Línea delgada Todos tienen que morir alguna vez. Tarde o temprano el cuerpo pide la liberación de un alma agonizante y nadie sabe con exactitud que es lo que hay detrás de esa línea delgada que divide a la vida de la muerte. Max sabia que moriría de una u otra manera y aun así se aferraba a la vida con todas sus fuerzas, a pesar de todo. Miseria, hambre, enfermedad y pobreza, cosas desconocidas para los habitantes de Elysium que el vivía día a día no habían logrado abatirlo, porque todo lo que él necesitaba era la esperanza de salir adelante y cambiar su vida. Hacer algo grande para justificar su existencia. Por eso no podía morir aun, a pesar de tener el tiempo y las circunstancias en contra. Antes de apretar aquel botón que eliminaba toda oportunidad de supervivencia, no pudo evitar repasar su existencia y el hecho de que hay muchas maneras de morir y de que unas suelen ser mejores que otras, aunque el final sea el mismo. Algunos mueren abruptamente para salvar a un amigo, como lo hizo Julio. Otros se desangran a causa del orgullo y la ambición, como su ex jefe Carlyle o aquella mujer con demasiado poder, de apellido Delacourt. Hay quienes el karma los alcanza, como fue el caso de Kruger. Y al final estaba él. El mártir. El encargado de traer con su muerte un futuro mejor para los demás. Aquel héroe que al final terminaría salvando a todos con tal de curar a la hija de la mujer que siempre amo. Frey Pensar en ella era aceptar y rechazar la nobleza de su destino. Todas las veces que había pronunciado la frase \"No voy a morir aquí\" se respaldaban por la posibilidad de un futuro con ella, una familia, la oportunidad remota de envejecer juntos, en Elysium o en la parte más remota y desolada de la tierra, eso le daba igual si Frey estaba a su lado. Pero había cosas mas importantes de por medio como para dar marcha atrás o perder el tiempo reconsiderándolo. No se imaginaba una muerte mas noble que aquella, a pensar de que su deseo de vivir le gritaba que no lo hiciera. Tomar la decisión correcta y usar la fuerza restante para realizar sus últimas acciones. Hablar con ella brevemente. Respirar. Pedir una disculpa por no poder cumplir la promesa de volver a verla. Seguir respirando. Llevarse como ultima imagen una tierra erosionada, pero igualmente hermosa. Ver toda su vida pasar en un segundo, justo antes de presionar el botón. Respirar por última vez… y después nada. -Max…- solo el frio y la oscuridad. -Max despierta…- nada más que el vacio seguido a la muerte. -¿Esta muerto mami?- las voces familiares y el dolor punzante que prometían desaparecer al final de tu existencia. -No, pero lo estuvo por un tiempo, así que déjalo descansar un poco más amor- y la falsa esperanza de algo que es demasiado bueno como para ser verdad. A veces la línea entre la vida y la muerte se podía volver tan delgada que era difícil saber en que lado estabas. Y el miedo a abrir los ojos se puede llegar a convertirse en algo realmente insoportable. Ohhh, simplemente no puedo evitarlo. Mi mente grita \"Déjalo así\" y mi corazón llega, golpeándolo con un garrote en la cabeza y me dice \"¡No! finales felices, finales felices para todos\". No tengo remedio u.u ","Summary":" Si, acabo de ver esta película. Por segunda vez consecutiva llore al final de una función, en una s"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"A Good Joke","Author":"MauMauKa","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10578768","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hi everyone! I got this idea from the part in the movie where Kruger wants to take a look at Matilda. Very AU, but I think in keeping with his character ;-) The ship was totally silent, locked into a holding pattern over Elysium when Kruger made his move. Drake and Crowe snored from their bunks while the hostages nodded, lucky recipients of the Raven's limited supply of tranquilizer. It was powerful stuff that could be administered orally, by syringe, or even by dart as the case warranted. The only hostage who hadn't gotten any in her food was the little girl who lay in a coma on her mother's lap. Or at least, her mother said she was in a coma. The girl was supposed to have leukemia, but Kruger thought the odds were good the mother was lying in order to protect her child. She needn't have worried; of all the things Kruger had ever been into, kids had never been on the list. The mother had fought him when he tried to examine her. Kruger respected that; if there was anything he hated, it was some worthless doos too stupid to protect her own blood. Moving silently in his bare feet, Kruger crouched down in front of the child and laid a careful hand on her forehead. His bio-implants showed that she was truly unconscious. They also showed the presence of chemotherapy drugs in her system. The coma, then, could simply be a complication. Very carefully, Kruger tugged the child from her mother's lap and hefted her into his arms. The Raven had a small medbay on board for emergencies. A few minutes and he would know what the situation was and how he would deal with it. The medbay showed that the child was suffering from a combination of the aftereffects of her treatment, stress, and an elevated white cell count. In order to stop the disease entirely, she would need new cells. No problem there; she could have some of his. Part of the miracle of the medbays was that they could alter the DNA on any cell to match any recipient. Kruger grinned to himself. Whether the woman liked it or not, her daughter would always carry a bit of him with her. He put the child in the medbay and closed the lid. After a few minutes of rummaging in the supply containers, he produced a sterile transfer line. He slid the needle into his hand without flinching and attached the other end of the line to the machine. A few taps of the medbay's computer keyboard and it was done: blood flowed through the tube as the machine hummed softly, passing its arm back and forth over the little girl's still body. \" Cancer cells removed…beginning implantation…\" Kruger had forgotten how loud the computerized voice would be in the small space. Crowe grunted and sat up in his bunk. \"What ya doin',boss?\" he asked sleepily. \"Nothin', boet. Go back to sleep.\" Crowe blinked in the dim light coming from the medbay. \"Did you land us?\" \"No. We still haven't been cleared. Go to sleep , I said. That's an order.\" \"Fine!\" Crowe grumbled for a few minutes as he punched his pillow into a more comfortable shape. Kruger muted the medbay's voice and waited. Crowe had just started to snore again when the medbay's monitor indicated the transfer of cells was complete. The machine's arm continued to pass back and forth until the new cells were completely assimilated. The child's eyelids fluttered, and Kruger was beside her with a syringe. She would sleep for at least another twenty-four hours. Maybe in that time the woman would be able to put her into another medbay. Kruger smiled his twisted smile, imagining the look on the teef's face as she tried to figure out what the hell was wrong with the machine. Next to braai, beer and sex, Kruger loved a good joke. ","Summary":" A/N: Hi everyone! I got this idea from the part in the movie where Kruger wants to take a look at M"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"Is That Your Katana (Or Are You Just Happy To See Me?)","Author":"Invisible Ranger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10111368","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Is That Your Katana (Or Are You Just Happy To See Me?) by Invisible Ranger (HBF), 2014 Disclaimer: Elysium and related characters belong to N. Blomkamp/Tristar; this is just for amusement purposes and not for profit. \"Is this it?\" \"Yes, Madame Secretary.\" Jessica Delacourt had to admit: she'd expected more somehow. What she was looking at was hard to describe. It looked old. It wasn't a sleek device like a med-pod, in which the subject lay prone. Not even like some antiquated technology such as an MRI. This machine, for lack of a better comparison, looked like something she'd seen in an old history book from the 20th century. What had been the name of that thing? She circled, looking appraisingly, not really sure how the thing worked. There was a good reason she was an admin and not a techie. However, she was not about to admit her ignorance to a mere underling. \"Describe to me how this works.\" The young scientist, Yasmin something-or-other (Delacourt was terrible at remembering techies' names), nodded. \"It's a similar concept to the med-pod. The major difference is, of course, a direct rather than indirect interfacing with the brain's synapses, and a mental rather than physical set of interactions. Do you remember that old program, Star Trek ?\" she asked. Her grandfather, Jean-Luc, had been named for one of the characters, and he never tired of telling people. \"Yes.\" \"Then, for lack of better comparison, this Desideriis machine is a bit like the Holodeck in that program, Madame. It reads our thoughts and projects…\" Yasmin hesitated. \"Projects what?\" \"Our heart's innermost desires. In complete realistic simulation. Hence its name,\" Yasmin said. Delacourt frowned. VR technology had been an integral part of Elysium for a century, including training for the CCB's agents here and on Earth. But she'd never heard of a literal fantasy-making device like this…this… Photo booth. That's what they were called. \"It's already been tested on a couple of illegal expendables, Madame, and we know it works. We were hoping you might want to use it. For a PR release, you see,\" Yasmin encouraged her. \"Let the citizens know their Defense Secretary will…\" \"This is not Earth. We don't need PR,\" interrupted Delacourt, though secretly, she was dying to know how the machine worked. When you already lived in paradise, what could possibly be more exciting? Her grandfather might have, like his namesake, solved cases alongside Sherlock Holmes or explored the ocean depths with Captain Nemo. She was, however, not so capricious. \"Will you at least try?\" asked Yasmin, afraid to offend. \"Yes. But I am doing this sheerly out of scientific curiosity, and not as some sort of dog-and-pony exhibition. Do you understand?\" Delacourt said, steel in her voice. \"Yes, Madame, I do.\" Yasmin nodded. \"Let me set you up, it won't take but a moment…\" ***s Delacourt felt slightly claustrophobic inside the Desideriis. It was also set up like an ancient photo booth, with a simple bench facing a wall. A headset, barely perceptible, sat atop her hair. For a moment, she wondered if the thing really worked. Then, as if in a dream, she heard Yasmin's voice. \"Relax, Madame Secretary. I just need to flip a switch here, and the more relaxed you are, the better it will work.\" \"What am I supposed to do?\" \"Just relax. You will do whatever you like…\" Delacourt tried to breathe regularly. She shut her eyes, not knowing whether it would help. When she opened them again, she gasped. She was back in St. Barth's. Her family's summer villa, in the gardens. A cloudless Caribbean day, the air radiant with sun, thick with the scents of tropical flowers and tangy sea air. Nothing, even on Elysium, was half as beautiful as this. Elysium had been named for paradise. This was paradise. It had been too long. Like a newborn fawn, she took a step forward, then another. She wobbled only once. Then, laughing, she ran through the flowers and vines, joyfully, like a woman half her age. When she had finished, she sprawled into a papasan chair at the foot of an immense royal palm. As if from thin air, a small table appeared. On it were raspberries the color of blood and a pitcher of icy coconut water. Both her favorites. She reached out and popped one, then two more of the berries into her mouth. They tasted like ambrosia. When Delacourt had humored her grandfather by watching old episodes of that program with him, she'd thought it would be easy to get lost in a perfect, imagined reality. How right that had been. She closed her eyes and breathed deeply. If nothing else, she was going to get a well-deserved nap out of this… \"Ah, Miss Delacourt. So good to see you again.\" She was so startled that she kicked out, hitting the table and sending the berries and water flying through the air. She could have sworn she was alone. \"Who's there?\" she called, feeling her pulse racing. \"Show yourself!\" He emerged from behind a wall of bougainvillea. What was he, of all people, doing here? In this idyllic place he was incongruous, an interloper, a hungry wolf among placid sheep. But, she saw, even he looked somehow cleaner and sharper. \"I'd thought I would find you here, meisie ,\" Agent Kruger said in a voice much softer than his usual growl. She stared, openmouthed, at him as he strode toward her. He wore the fatigues and body armor common to all in his class. Shards of protruding bioimplants made his high cheekbones look even sharper. Though it was a warm day, he did not sweat. He was simply a dirty, lowborn mercenary, not some elegant gentleman from the pages of one of those old novels she counted among her few guilty pleasures. So why, she thought, am I feeling a flush in my cheeks? That hasn't happened to me in years. \"Is…is this a bad dream?\" Delacourt finally managed to say. \"It's your dream, bokkie . You tell me.\" He was mere inches from her now. She could smell him, and it was not an unpleasant smell. Somewhere in between well-oiled leather, pine boughs, and natural musk. A thoroughly masculine scent. \"Go away. You don't belong here,\" she said weakly. One of his gauntlet-covered hands reached up and tenderly ran itself through her short hair. \"Ah, but I've only just gotten here. And there's nowhere I'd rather be,\" said Kruger in his thick accent, looking deeply into her eyes. She'd never noticed those eyes before. Dark, bright. A hunter's eyes. Not like the weak, watery eyes of the men who had courted her years before, and failed to win her heart. \"You're not…like I remember you.\" \"I'm full of surprises,\" he said, a twinkle in those predatory eyes. Up close, Delacourt began to notice all the other things she'd either forgotten about him or never observed to begin with. The nose which had surely been broken, but which fit his lean, angular face all the same. The laugh lines at the corners of the fierce, dark eyes. A shaggy beard, which she normally despised on men, but which perfectly suited Kruger. And how the brown was flecked with the beginnings of grey. He had to be close to her age. He was also, she realized, much more of a man than the eunuchs and other emasculated types who populated her world. He could have killed her a dozen different ways, and yet here he was, stroking her hair and whispering Afrikaans bits of sweet nothings into her ear, gentle as you please. Full of surprises, indeed. Including the clipped Afrikaans words which she didn't understand, but which sounded like sweet music on his lips. \"What did you say?\" Delacourt asked, feeling her heart galloping along. \"What I said, meisie , is that you are beautiful. And I want you.\" Kruger was almost a head taller than her, so when he moved in for a kiss, she not only didn't resist, she leaned upward to meet him. Delacourt had no idea what to expect, but it surely wasn't this. Electricity coursed through her veins. This wasn't just a kiss. This was years of repressed desire, sterile boardroom meetings, and corporate climbing being torn to pieces. Years of pining for Regency noblemen in her youth hadn't prepared her for this. This was the best fireworks display she'd ever seen, to the power of ten. And she lost herself in it. When she finally did pull away, she found she was grinning. \"What? Too strong, ne ?\" Kruger grinned back. \"No, it's just…\" Delacourt giggled. \"I've never been kissed by a man with a beard before. It, um, tickles.\" When was the last time I giggled? She thought. \"Oh, you have much to learn, meisie . And I have all the time in the world to teach you…\" With gentle dexterity, Kruger reached a hand under her blouse. His fingers excited her even more than his lips had. He reached, and found what he was looking for. \"There you are. Don't you try running, now.\" He smiled and kissed her above the collarbone. Delacourt blinked. Something about his voice sounded different. \"What's wrong?\" \"I said…\" He cut off. There was a brief flash of light, then nothing. When she opened her eyes again, it was not Kruger before her, but Yasmin. \"Madame Secretary? Are you all right?\" The young woman looked alarmed. \"Um…\" Delacourt found that she didn't know. She felt dizzy. \"Yes. Fine. What happened to the…\" \"The sim? I had to shut it down. Your heart rate had elevated to a dangerous level and your brain waves were, well…\" Yasmin paused. \"Indicative of some sort of arousal state. What were you thinking of? Chasing lions? Skydiving? You peaked out at around 120.\" \"That,\" Delacourt said, mustering as much dignity as she could, \"is private.\" Had she looked in the mirror, she might have seen her cheeks still flushed and her immaculate hair mussed. \"If you'll excuse me, Technician, I have work to attend to.\" Leaving a flustered and confused Yasmin in her wake, Delacourt headed out of the lab and toward the shuttle which would take her back to the Admin sector. It hadn't been a lie. There was much work to be done today. The first order of business was going to be finding her box of Regency novels and putting them straight into the incinerator dump. The second was making sure Agent Kruger was sent into the very next war zone she could find. The End…maybe? (Happy Valentine's Day to all you Elysium fans and Sharlto Copley fans. I may continue this one; it was done on a challenge from a friend who suggested that Delacourt and Kruger had some checkered past together. Please R thanks!) ","Summary":" Is That Your Katana (Or Are You Just Happy To See Me?) by Invisible Ranger (HBF), 2014 Disclaimer: "},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"Judge, Jury, Executioner","Author":"Cacotechny","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9583948","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The world can't keep up with his mind. The miniscule goings-on of the tiny lives around him mean nothing. Merely the pursuit of delaying the inevitable. Some try to change it. They all fail. He sits with his back against a wall, slowly inhaling and exhaling the dust and soot that serves for air here. A hood cast over his head hides his face, but glittering eyes peer out from the shadows and watch their movements up and down the street. He sits hunched, shoulders forward. His chest caves in a little. They all fail. The muck of unliveable lives presses down on his eyes, and he tosses his head slightly, a tight lipped smile pulling at his lips. He picks up a handful of dirt. \"Ashes to ashes,\" he mutters. The dirt slips between his fingers. He laughs. The time between jobs is immaterial. He doesn't live then, in those spaces of inactivity. It's maddening. His crew has been grounded. His bones gather dust like a derelict. It's maddening. Something has entered his sight. A pair of young feet in plastic flipflops. They face him. He turns his head towards them, but does not look up. \"I save for a ticket, mister, won't you help?\" A tiny hand shows itself beneath his hood and waits expectantly. Never mind those tickets would get the child killed or incarcerated. Hope is alien to him. It amuses him. He laughs again. \"You think those rigs'll get you up there, eh? Get you a nice new pair of slippers, eh?\" He glances up to see the boy's expression. It's blankly expectant, trained, like the boy has forced himself to wear it like a mask. It's also missing part of its nose. He watches the boy swallow once and then widen his eyes in something like fear when he lets his eyes crinkle in his tightlipped smile. He takes the boy's hand between his hands and pats it once. \"No, no, boy. They'll kill you up there, they will. Take your life and make it their property, huh.\" He pushes the boy away, suddenly but not violently. He does not like being violent to children. They don't know any better. The boy's plight falls away out of his attention when he pushes himself back up the wall and prowls away, a slavering wolf in ratty sheep's clothing lurking in a sleepy herd. He wonders that they do not see him for what he is, what he is to them. He is the executioner, and they all let him eat at the dinner table. All of them. Delacourt thinks she can own him. They think a simple deactivation order will stand in his way. They think they are above him. Only in altitude, he muses. They don't know any better. ","Summary":" The world can't keep up with his mind. The miniscule goings-on of the tiny lives around him mean no"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"true elysium","Author":"orangish","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9603495","Passage":"[Chapter 1] true elysium max/julio \"Hey.\" Spanish accent. The voice ignites something within Max, a tune he'd forgotten a long time ago. His head hurts thinking about it but he decides it's worth the pain. \"Hey, Max.\" Max raises his eyes slightly at the gentle coaxing of the voice. The wires at the back of his head are vibrating, turning red hot, as information flows out of his exhausted brain into the super computer he slumps against. In the distance, Spider is yelling and half sobbing and the doors in front of him are shaking as droids attempt to enter. I'm going to die, he thinks. Can't really do anything about this, so why not look at the voice ? \"Max, come on.\" He finally finds the strength to lift his chin very lightly, powered by the hoarse voice alone. Julio's tanned face meets his gaze, scruffy beard and mustache and all. His somewhat long hair hangs in a twisted braid down his shoulder. For the first time, he's wearing a clean tank top. \"Hey there, Sleeping Beauty.\" A playful grin. Max's first urge is to tell him to get behind the counter like Spider and take cover if the droids burst in, then he remembers. Julio's dead. \"Brave thing you're doin' there,\" Julio says, and settles into a cross legged position in front of him. \"Ya know, Frey an' the whole world, they gon' love ya.\" \"Really?\" Max croaks out. \"Yeah. They gon' have a whole Max da Costa Appreciation Day and shit.\" Max manages a broken smile. Spider is pleading with the computer behind him to go faster. Julio touches one of Max's limp hands. Max closes his eyes. Julio's hand is warm, and he wants to cry, because somewhere in him, no matter how determined he is to save Matilda and Earth's inhabitants, he doesn't want to die. He wants to see Matilda well, he wants to have coffee everyday with Frey, he wants to visit Julio's grave. He wants to live. He's scared to die. Max feels Julio's hand slip into his. \"Hey, Max.\" Max opens his eyes. Julio leans forward to brush away a few tears that have escaped. \"Is it going to… hurt?\" Max manages out. Julio moves closer to him, so close that their bodies are touching, and doesn't say anything. Max takes this as an affirmation and, slowly, more tears follow. Spider's yelling has reached a peak and Max is feeling very light-headed. He feels Julio's lips press a kiss to his cheek. \"It's not selfish, ya know,\" Julio whispers against Max's grimy, blood streaked skin. \"To be afraid. You're doin' the best thing I've ever seen. No wonder ya stopped stealin' cars with me so early.\" Max smiles among his tears. \"Saddest part 'bout all this is that I never told ya I woulda loved to kiss you. An' we woulda lived in a place... that nobody bothers... in L.A.\" Max knows he's about to die, and Julio seems to too, and leans in and kisses him. Max closes his eyes. He focuses on the feel of Julio's lips instead of the fact that he's dying, and when he opens his eyes, he and Julio are standing holding hands in front of a run-down house on a hill, overlooking all of Los Angeles, and he realises he is in a true Elysium. ","Summary":" true elysium max/julio \"Hey.\" Spanish accent. The voice ignites something within Max, a tune he'd"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"Elysium: In the Shadow of the Sun","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8105954","Passage":"[Chapter 1] . In the Shadow of the Sun \"Mother of Russia, doesn't the sun ever set around here?\" Gerado Landi remained silent, not knowing whether his co-worker's question was rhetorical or not. If it was…well, no shit, the sun moved in strange ways on Mercury and with the planet being at its perihelion, the wackiness factor had gone up by an astronomical unit. If it wasn't a rhetorical question however, then he had to wonder who was the greater fool-Sergei the fool, or ArmaDyne for sending him. \"Hey, you ever notice it?\" the man asked as Gerado continued his readings of the crater he was standing at the edge of. \"Has the sun ever actually set while you were on this rock?\" \"Yes.\" \"Really? When?\" \"Sets about once a year,\" Gerado grunted, his eyes on the chemical detection device's feedback. \"Not that much different from Venus really.\" \"Uh-huh…right.\" Unbelievable. Completely unbelievable . \"Unbelievable\" wasn't a welcome word for a scientist, or at least in the sense that something remained unbelievable after demonstrating it. Less than a century ago, who would have believed that there'd be colonies on the moon and Mars, or scientific outposts on Venus and Mercury? Who would have believed that there were already plans for an extra-solar mission set for 2097? Growing up in drought-stricken Pakistan, Gerado wouldn't have believed that in his adult life he'd be standing on the surface of an alien world, operating a CDD that via an extendable cable, was taking chemical readings of the frozen water in the crater below, hundreds of metres in depth. Readings inconclusive. Gerado swore in Urdu. That, at least, wasn't unbelievable. \"Something wrong?\" Sergei asked, walking over to his superior. \"Only this,\" Gerado answered, tapping the CDD. \"It isn't reading anything.\" \"Faulty equipment?\" Gerado shook his head, or shook it as best as his heavy spacesuit would allow. \"Doubt it. Had similar problems on Venus. These devices aren't meant to operate at these kinds of temperatures.\" Nor were human beings for that matter, but at least they were equipped with spacesuits designed for the intense heat. Working on Mercury over the past few months had proven to be a breeze compared to the hell of the Sol system's second planet-he was still wearing platinum with what looked like a giant refrigerator strapped on his back, but at least he didn't have to worry about the pressure. What he did have to worry about however, was his report to ArmaDyne that the equipment he'd been given wasn't worth a damn, and while he appreciated wearing something that would protect him from being incinerated, he needed the same protection for his equipment as well. \"Come on,\" Gerado said, gesturing to the rover parked nearby. \"Let's go.\" Sergei followed him, picking up his own equipment. The kid was a newbie, but at least he knew how to follow orders. \"Strange,\" the young man commented. \"You wouldn't expect this to be so light.\" \"Gravity can be a kind mistress sometimes,\" Gerado murmured. \"You could probably jump down that hole if you wanted and not suffer a single injury.\" \"And yet the sun's always overhead. That, at least, makes this worse than Earth, no?\" Back to the sun again. Gerado supposed it was understandable-the damn thing practically took up the entire horizon and had done so ever since the kid had arrived. Apparently ArmaDyne was becoming more and more willing to send people with the minimal amount of training to the system's first planet, because one way or another, he hadn't been made aware that he'd arrived during the planet's perihelion period-the point where Mercury rotated so fast that the sun practically froze in the sky before moving on. \"So…\" Sergei began as he mounted the rover. \"How long will it take for the new equipment you need?\" \"Some time. Probably better just to wait for the sun to set so the equipment actually works.\" That seemed to give the novice pause in his words, but it gave Gerado time to think. Mercury and Earth were on the same side of the sun right now, but not in alignment…if it came to sending a message, it would take roughly five to six minutes for ArmaDyne to receive it, a few hours to reach a decision and six to seven more minutes to get a response. And assuming they decided to launch immediately, it would take about twenty to thirty days, depending on the class of starship being used. Better part of a month then. And at the length of Mercury's year… ArmaDyne wouldn't be coming, Gerado reflected. They'd simply tell them to sit tight and wait for the temperature to drop. Half a year of doing nothing, but at least that was a Mercurian year rather than a Terran one. And in that year, as he glanced at Sergei's polarized visor, he supposed he'd have time to get to know the people of Hermes Base better. \"So…\" Gerado began. \"What brought you to Mercury?\" \"Ah, well, you know,\" the young man answered awkwardly. \"Apply for a job, pass the physicals, prove I can follow orders…next thing I know I'm flying through space and landing here.\" \"So this is your first assignment?\" \"Ah, yes.\" It figured, the older scientist reflected. Interest in the moon and Mars was practical-colonization, resources, the kind of things people wanting a better life were interested in. Interest in Venus was scientific-study a runaway greenhouse effect on the planet of \"beauty\" would help chart the course of the next few centuries of climatic hell on Earth. Interest on Mercury, while scientific as well, was the type of science that was an academic indulgence. There was little talk of colonization, and what little scientific interest existed was directed towards its pockets of ice water found in its deepest craters. Interest to see how viable it would be for human use and whether micro-organisms existed. And if there are, what then? Gerado reflected as he crested the top of one crater to see the even larger crater that Hermes Base resided in. People will stop asking \"are we alone?\" People will say \"oh look, water, let's move to Mercury?\" Please… As he headed for the modular buildings, Gerado gave one last look at the sun. Always shining, ever so brightly. Yet on the innermost of the Sol system's planets, he felt very much left in the dark. ","Summary":" . In the Shadow of the Sun \"Mother of Russia, doesn't the sun ever set around here?\" Gerado Landi"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"Generations","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8155140","Passage":"[Chapter 1] . Generations Oh how far is Elysium? Must be a dozen light years or more. Who knows what may await us, What this new world has in store? … Oh how much longer to Elysium? Our second generation's been born. Their bones are brittle, their muscles are weak, On Earth they'd suffer much scorn. … Are we at fair Elysium? Or at least I suppose it is fair. No-one is alive who remembers far Earth, We only have records of there. … Do we want to go to Elysium? We've all lived and died in dark space. We're living a life of less than 1g, We're like a new human race. … We've finally come to Elysium, And from our ship we'll not depart. It's self-sustaining, gravity's so draining, So in space we will make a new start. A/N The idea for this came from an interesting article I read on the concept of multi-generation starships, in regards to extra-solar colonization. Aside from the usual hurdles, it raised one I hadn't thought of before. By their nature, such spaceships would sustain numerous generations before reaching their destination, and would likely be self-sustaining as well. Coupled with the effects of little to no gravity, the question was raised as to whether when the ships arrived, would their passengers even want to colonize the planet? They're suited to an environment that's self-sustaining and would see little need to adapt to a new environment that, among other things, would have uncomfortable above average gravity. Anyway, came up with this as a result. Update (17/02/14): As a reviewer has pointed out, this does not conform to movie canon. As specified on my homepage and given by the upload date, this was written over a year before the movie was released, at which point in time there were only a few hints as to what its plot would involve. Suffice to say, I guessed wrong. ","Summary":" . Generations Oh how far is Elysium? Must be a dozen light years or more. Who knows what may await "},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"Epilogue and Rebirth","Author":"Eleanore-Rigby","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12060953","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Moonlight shone on a quiet desert civilization and all were asleep as light lined the horizon. The air was hot and only one was stirring, not yet used to the climate of this alien world. On the edge of the city, Daniel lay sprawled on his back and slick with sweat, his blanket tossed away. He had been counting the pieces of straw in the ceiling before he finally sat up, beads of sweat rolling down his chest. What he wouldn't give for an electric fan. Then again, if it wasn't the heat keeping him awake, it was the light. Three moons was enough to give off quite a bit of shine in the summer. Each night, they lit every corner of the small room from the fire pit to the low bed where he and his wife lay. She had absolutely no trouble sleeping through these difficulties and Daniel was not shy with voicing his jealousy. He turned and smiled down at her. Only a short time had passed since their victory over Ra, an event that marked the beginning of a truly happy time for the people. His people. After this victory, they had unanimously lifted Daniel and Sha'uri into leadership, the chief included. To say Kasuf was eager to step down would be an understatement. He was eager as well to see Daniel rise to the appointment. From what he could gather, the system was caught somewhere between a democratic council and an oligarchy. Their concept of a leader fell somewhere in the middle. New chief Daniel suddenly found himself at the receiving end of an entire peoples admiration and loyalty, which was taken to a new level when he and Sha'uri made an announcement a few months prior. Daniel gingerly laid a hand on his wife's rounded stomach. Conceived on the day of their victory, her pregnancy had become a symbol of hope and renewal for everyone. Most thrilled of all was Skaara, who's excitement rivaled Daniel's own, much to Sha'uri's delight. The months went by and he was flourishing. In this short time, the power couple had turned the city upside down with advancements and most were readily embraced. A voting system was created, school's were under construction and public forums became a monthly occurrence. Tomorrow was going to be a particularly eventful forum, one that he couldn't get his mind off of. They would be meeting with the scouts that had returned from a three week desert expedition with green foliage and full canteens. With nothing to hold them to the mine any longer, a new home was within their reach! A small kick brought Daniel out of his reverie and broadened his smile. This little one couldn't come soon enough for him. Tomorrow was a big day and as he rubbed his thumb over the spot, he wondered if it would be a big day for all of them. He hoped it would, as Sha'uri was just about to lose her mind. Daniel laid back down and kept his hand where it was. He resumed counting the straw in the ceiling, now a bit rosier in the first morning light. Running his other hand through his long, damp hair, he sighed. It didn't seem that sleep was forthcoming, so he gave up and began his day, a day that started with building a fire for breakfast. He always chuckled at it, the wife's chore, and not something for husbands to do. A/N:/ A triumphant return to fanfiction not within the Inuyasha verse but within Stargate's. Stargate was the only movie aside from the former to catch my mind and heart enough to write. I hope you enjoy this epilogue as much as I enjoyed crafting it. A wonderful, if brief, yarn to weave. As always, thanks for reading. ","Summary":" Moonlight shone on a quiet desert civilization and all were asleep as light lined the horizon. The "},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"Stargate: Shining Brightly","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12904295","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Shining Brightly It's happening again. His slaves swarm across the sands of Abydos like locusts. There is no wheat for them to consume here, only his Horus Guard. In ages past, the throngs of humanity was once his asset – a simple race with simple bodies, ever multiplying, providing him legions of hosts and slaves. Now, humanity's strength has been turned against him. He watches the Horus Guard fire their ma'tok staves into the charging insects. With every blast, a slave falls. With every fallen slave, five more take his place. Their weapons are nothing compared to his – nothing more than tools used to work in his mines. But they are so many, and his guards, for all the fire they wield and the armour they wear, are still human. Their bodies, so simple, can perish so easily. From his ship, he sees his guards fall under the throngs of his workers, forever removed from the healing touch of a sarcophagus. He can imagine their blood staining the sand of Abydos. Before long, he doesn't have to imagine much, as he sees their bodies lifted into the air. They do not fly, as their namesake might indicate. Before long, their bodies are dropped back into the sands, as his slaves celebrate their 'victory.' Let them. They will all be dead soon. It gives him some small measure of comfort as his ha'tak lifts off from his world's landing site. In mere moments, a second sun will bloom over Abydos. Its sands scorched, his slaves culled, and not even their bones will remain as testament to their passing. It is what he should have done to the people of Earth when they dared defy him. When they stormed over the sands of his kingdom, killing his guards, and burying their stargate. Now, his children come here, seeking to murder their father, the one who rose them out of the dirt and gave them civilization. Earth, for now, is beyond his reach. But the people of Earth will be in part responsible for the murder of their brethren, when their bomb destroys the people of this world. Soon, Abydos will be nothing more than a memory. Earth a thorn in his side. And him? Ra, the Supreme System Lord? Ra, the Sun God? Ra, the Bringer of Light, the Falcon, the Hawk, Ruler of the Earth, the Sky, the Stars, and the Underworld? What of him? How will the loss of this world eclipse the light of the sun? It will not, he tells himself. His light will shine eternal, beyond even that of the stars themselves. He has outshone dozens of challengers to his throne – the moon, the serpent, all of them have fallen. As surely as Abydos itself. From here, he will see his light and fire and- What? His ship's transportation rings have activated. He staggers over – is that fear, he feels? Is that why just moving this host has become an effort? He growls, his teeth beared like a snake. This muscle is failing him. His bones are aching. And through these eyes, nearly useless, he can see it. The bomb. The bomb the Tau'ri brought with them. The bomb he had intended to send back to their world to return them to the dust from whence they came. The bomb, with red glowing figures that tell him that it is indeed counting down, and when it goes off, he'll be in its epicentre. There's no escape now. No time to eject the bomb, no time to transport down to Abydos. And for what? To be taken like a beast of burden for slaughter? He is Ra Almighty, and if he is to end in fire, then so be it. He is the sun god, the light of lights, ruler of earth and sky. His eyes flash, as his end nears, and the underworld beckons. His entire body begins to glow – perhaps he is indeed the sun god. Perhaps it is a holdover from the body he once took as a host, before finding mankind. Perhaps he truly is divine. As furious as the fire will be, it will still be as nothing compared to the sun that shines over Abydos, or any world for that matter. And what sun god is there but Ra? Ra, of whom there can be only one? The fire comes. Ra screams. The scream of the host within this body. The scream of the host itself. The scream of a god who, as fire and time become one, accepts that he is indeed mortal. Ra, who in a fleeting moment, is turned into a star above Abydos, such is the light of the fire he created. The fire he imparted to mankind, turned against him. Ra, shining in the sky. And then there is nothing. For even stars must die. So too, in time, must gods. ","Summary":" Shining Brightly It's happening again. His slaves swarm across the sands of Abydos like locusts. Th"},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"The Boy, The Alien","Author":"GashouseGables","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8002724","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I loved the Stargate movie! The original, of course, because I can't bring myself to watch the series, but oh well! So, here is an 200 word drabble about the last moments of Ra and the boy. Tell me what you think! \"Where will you take my body now?\" The boy screams in his own mind. \"You have lost my World, and now you lose this One.\" Ra though, is busy preparing his ship for flight. He must leave this planet before the rebellion comes to him. \"Where!\" The boy demands. \"Quiet, boy!\" None of his words leave his mouth though. This is a conversation from the inside, between the boy he took and himself. \"You are expendable.\" He reminded him. The ship whirred, lifting, taking him away from the chaos. He must find a new world to rule, a new galaxy, even. \"You leave!\" The boy still raged, something he had not done in millennia. His strength had come with the rebel Tau'ri . \"You leave by yourself! Leave me!\" The humming of the transporter caught Ra's attention. \"… Wh-what is that …?\" But he knew. He knew. \"Boy …\" 6 … 5 …. He pulled himself away from the boy, disengaging with a body he had not let die for a very long time. \"I think I will leave you ….\" \"Wai … no !\" 3 … 2 …. The boy, who was once curious, and without fear, screamed. \" No! \" 1 …. ","Summary":" I loved the Stargate movie! The original, of course, because I can't bring myself to watch the seri"},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"Across the Burning Sands","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11401855","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Across the Burning Sands With bare feet we cross the desert sands, Short of breath and hard of hands. So little water, bereft of shade, Such is our fate, of that of slaves. … Into the mine we all descend, By our god's word this land we rend. Above us beats the blazing sun, No escape for us, we cannot run. … Some collapse, others go blind. But our god demands, he is not kind. Our tribute goes to Ra's domain. This is his word, we have no claim. … And at last, the day's work ends, But we all know what portends. More and more the sun god craves, We must provide, we are his slaves. ","Summary":" Across the Burning Sands With bare feet we cross the desert sands, Short of breath and hard of hand"},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"Why so special?","Author":"153alira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7693195","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Note: I do not own Stargate. Nor have I actually seen the series. This purely based of the original movie so please do not be offended if I get things wrong. The gentle hum of the ship travelling though the vast openness of space was a familiar sound, one Ra never tired of. It reminded him of order, when all the pieces fitted and worked to his will, a perfect sound of harmony is made. If one thing was even a fraction out of place, Ra would have it corrected, by force. He would not tolerate anything out of place. He was Ra. Supreme over all the Goa'uld. All things ran according to his design. The time had come for him to return to Abydos and replenish his Naquadah supplies. It had been a few good years since he had been to that planet, and his slaved needed to me reminded of their one and only 'god' and his power. He commanded his First Prime to set course for the wretched planet, and made his way to his sarcophagus chamber to rejuvenate his host's body. His child servants silently prepared him and left him alone to sleep. Perfect. Everything was perfect for now. All seemed to be running smoothly once more with the other System Lords, and order had returned to all his planets. At least with Abydos, none of the slaves had ever dared to oppose him. Everything was going so well. So why then was he ... angry? Ra traced a long, elegant finger along the edge of the sarcophagus, the metal of the rings he wore made a faint scratching noise. This body had always served him well, it gave him an energy he had never had before, a younger more invigorating life, and it was so easy to manipulate of his will. He had no qualms, only ... There was one thing that irritated him about this body. One tiny thing that had not subsided in the 10,000 years he had possessed this creature, nor could he be rid of. It was a face. Not just any face, but a face from another lifetime, a face that belonged to a mere human. A mere female human. Everything else from this boy's past had been completely erased, so why did this one memory remain? What was she to this boy? His lover perhaps? Ra couldn't see what was so great about her. She was a blade of grass compared to the beauty of his Hathor, but then again the humans were such a primitive race when he had found them, so uncivilized and unruly. Far too often would the creature haunt him, annoying him with its presence within his mind. Every time he closed his eyes he regrettably anticipated an unwanted glimpse of the girl to appear again. He had memorized every single detail. The shape her firm jaw line formed. The shade of colour the shadows created across her sun beaten skin. The strands of dark curls that had freed themselves from the braid that hung over her slight shoulders. The fullness of her lips pulled back into a small smile and her high cheek bones. But what was probable the oddest thing about this girl was her eyes. Never had Ra seen such oddity in a human. The left eye was dark in colour, similar to his host's, if not darker. The right eye was a clear transparent grey, shining white when the sun eliminated her face. How pathetically obesest this boy must have been, to have remembered everything about her so much that it is ingrained in his subconscious for all time. Or was it he, having lived multiple millennia with this image, who had been so pathetic? Ah yes. Now he knew why he was angry. When he'd fall into his sleep on the trip to Abydos, she would be there still, watching him watching her. Smiling at him. It frustrated him. It annoyed him. It weakened him. Did he find the girl repulsive? Did she in some very unlikely way frighten him? Or did he find her bland human appearance alluring? Was it the eyes? What was it that was so special about her! Ra grabbed a jar from a table and hurled it at the wall. The broken shards scattered across the tiled floor, one hitting the edge of his robe. He gritted him teeth to suppress a snarl. Destroying something always seemed to calm him down. He only wished he could destroy this memory. Once his temper had subsided, he finally set the sarcophagus and laid himself down to rest. Nothing but the cold empty space of nothing to keep him company, and the coy smile of hopeless life form long since dead on that cursed planet, Earth. Now this is a possible prolouge to a possible story I started writting already. Please review and tell me if I should continue with it or leave it as a oneshot. The story mainly focuses on another character but this ties in with the plot. Please help me out here. ","Summary":" Note: I do not own Stargate. Nor have I actually seen the series. This purely based of the original"},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"Враги и союзники","Author":"MassHysteriaFantasy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8536575","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Фанфик: Враги и союзники Жанр: продолжение/приключения/ местами AU Рэйтинг: PG-13 Тип: джен Персонажи: Команда ЗВ-1 на момент окончания сериала, генералы О'Нилл и Лэндри, Кэролайн Лэм, персонал и команды Атлантиды, которая пришла домой, и куча новых персонажей, как в любой новой серии Звездных Врат. Размер (планируемый): миди Отказ от прав: персонажи и мир ЗВ принадлежат тем, кому принадлежат, сюжет – мой. Аднотация: Действие начинается сразу после после последней реплики 24-ой серии 10-го сезона. Полнометражные фильмы и «ЗВ: Атлантида» учитываются, но некоторые события могут упоминатся в измененном виде. «Звездные врата:Вселенная» автор не осилил. Саммари: Гости с неизвестной планеты пытаются предупредить землян о новой опасности, и пока командование Звездных Врат решает, стоит ли им верить, разрабатывает долгосрочный план защиты, приходят новые известия. ВВС США и Наблюдательный Совет должы быстро решить, на чьей они стороне, как будут действовать и чем жертвовать, иначе может оказатся слишком поздно. Но планы имеют свойство менятся на месте, а у главных героев, как всегда, есть свое мнение... Предыстория: \"Уолтер, врубай!\" Кольцо врат сразу начало крутится, раскодируя шевроны один за другим. \"...Четвертый, пятый, - считал про себя подполковник Кэмерон Митчелл, - шестой, седь... Стоп. Где седьмой?\". Врата внезапно остановлись, будто вырубили электричество. - Уолтер? - полувопросительно-полунедовольно повернулся Кэмерон к диспетчерской. Неполадки с вратами - это всегда к проблемам. Или к безделью. А как известно всем на зоне 52, единственное что подполковник Митчелл не умел, так это одыхать. - Ну что там? - Я не понимаю, - пожал плечами главный диспетчер, - подполковник Картер, поднимитесь, помогите пожалуйста с диагностикой. Через пару часов генерал Лэндри созвал всех главных специалистов по вратам в кабинете переговоров. - Ну, - обвел он всех взглядом, - что вы можете сказать по поводу сегодняшнего инцедента? - Генерал Лэндри, сэр, - доктор Ли как всегда был рад отметиться. - Диагностика системы врат не показала никаких тревожных результатов, мы успешно связались с несколькими мирами и нашими внеземными базами. Проблема не с нашей стороны, сэр. - Это я уже понял, и рад, что оказался прав. - Хэнк вздохнул все же свободнее. - Подполковник Картер, что скажете вы? - Ну, после проведенных анализов, я могу сказать что проблема с подкльючением ни что иное как блокировка с той стороны. - Умышленная, - кивниул Лэндри. - Конечно, сэр. Это просто способ защиты, причем намного совершнее нашего щита, и даже атлантического. - отрапортовала Саманта хорощо поставленным голосом. - Он не просто блокирует выход из врат, а не дает с ними соединится. Я даже не удивлюсь, если окажется что люди той планеты блокируют планеты выборочно, и могут сказать кто с ним хотел связаться. - Хорошо. Я должен связаться с начальством и доложить ситуацию, - поднялся генерал. - Что вы рекомендуете в дальнейшем предпренять в отношении П-Икс-369? - Ничего, сэр. Генерал Лэндри ожидал пояснений. - Такого рода защита является и предупреждением, - продолжала Сэм, умело скрывая легкое раздражение. Военные ее окружения – отважные, храбрые и в большинстве своем прекрасные люди, но иногда так медленно думают!, - я не думаю что нам будут рады, если мы взломаем их блокировку... - А это возможно? - полюбопытствовал генерал. - Теоретически, да, - вставил доктор Ли. - ... и еще – цивилизация, у которой такая высокотехнологическая защита, не может быть безоружна. Я рекомендую, - продолжала подполковник Картер более официальным тоном, - отнести П-Икс-369 к списку временно недосягаемых планет. На том и порешили. Наблюдательный совет, как ни старанно, согласился с их решением, памятуя о репликаторах на Прометее. ГЛАВА 1. «Червоточина из вне» На зоне 52 все было тихо. То есть тихо только относитльно этого места: врата открывались и закрывались отправляя команды на задания и принимая их обратно, солдаты бежали по коридорам, хотя им уже сообщили что тревога ложная - вот они и бежали обратно в столовую. Позавчера все команды, с ЗВ-1 по ЗВ-24 наконец-то скромно отпраздновали победу над орай на одной из внеземных баз, и с тех пор подполковник Митчелл и генерал О\"Нилл негодовали: они заболели, и доктор Лэм их не выпускала из горного комплекса. Она настаивала на постельном режиме обоих, мотивируя тем, что им все равно нужен отдых, и она их не выпустит, пока не будет уверенна это это банальная, земная болезнь. И если в отношении Митчелла добровольно-принудительный отдых оправдывал себя, так как Кэмерон не брал отпуска уже второй год, то что касается генерала О'Нилла, он думал что это личная месть ему - он не сказал юной Кэролайн Лэм что устроил ее на работу к своему незадачливому папаше, который еще давным-давно бросил их с мамой ради работы. Он пробовал убедить Кэролайн что он уже поправился, но та настаивала на продолжении лечения на базе. На случай, если это все таки внеземная зараза. Если он отсюда выйдет, то, подумать только, может заразить всю планету! О'Нилл даже пробовал поговорить с генералом Лэндри, но тот то ли осторожничал, то ли просто хотел сделать приятное дочери, но согласился с Кэролайн. А может, оно и к лучшему – временами ему очень не хватало своей команды, а просто заскочить в Шайен и провести здесь денек-другой генерал, понятное дело, не мог. Новый день, как известно, несет новые заботы. Сегодня больше всего повезло подполковнику Картер и доктору МакКею – после того, как страны, которые принимали участие в Наблюдательноим Совете попросили – точнее вынудили – ВВС США включить в программу Звездных Врат по команде из каждой страны (благо теперь серьезных врагов, способных уничтожить или поработить Землю на расстоянии галактики-другой не наблюдалось), главным специалистам по вратам поручили настройку адресов новых планет. Новоприбывшие комманды хотели сами находить новые цивилизации, устанавливать контакты и торговые отношения, а не развивать уже налаженные. Рассуждать о том, хотят ли члены новых ЗВ-комманд хвастятся собственными достижениями, или просто не желают, чтобы их упрекали в том, что пришли на всем готовом, не входило в обязанности Саманты Картер, поэтому она просто занималась своей работой. Что было несколько затруднительно в компании Родни МакКея. После того, как тот нашел себе подругу, он больше не приставал с дурацкими комплиментами, за то по прежнему отвлекал комментариями о том, что он умнее, и росказнями о своем героизме в галактике Пегас. Конечно, дело шло быстрее в комманде, но подполковник Картер совсем не была уверенна в том, что из-за этого стоит терпеть болтовню Родни. Несколько остальных ученых с Атлантиды, во главе с Зеленкой, молча пытались быть полезными. Остальные члены ЗВ-1 доедали желе в столовой, расспрашивая подполковника Шепарда, доктора Келлер, Ронана, и остальных об их битвах с рейфами в галактике Пегас. Ронан и Тилк подчеркнуто нейтрально обходилсь друг и другом. Потом разговор перешел на более обыденные темы – Шепард рассказавал Митчеллу, которого наконец выпустили из лазарета, про особенности полета на джамперах, Тилк и Тейла обсуждали какую-то методику тренировок, а Ронан, который поначалу внимательно их слушал, стал делать замечани. Даже доктор Лэм пришла послушать лекцию о физиологии рейфов от докторов Келлер и Беккет, а Джексона интересовали, как всегда, хотя бы принципы их социальной организации, раз темы из отдела антропологии или археологии отпадали. Вала, которая поначалу не знала куда себя пристроить, быстро оценила симпатичную мордашку Шепарда, и села напротив него, рядом с Митчеллом. - Так, вы говорите, рейфы, до взросления, питаются обычными продуктами? – доктор Лэм была крайне удивлена этим фактом. – То есть, изначально они все же больше похожи на людей? - Да. Мы полагаем, жуки вписали свое ДНК в генетический материял уже взрослых людей, поэтому мутировавшее ДНК сильнее проявляется, когда у обычных детей начинается пубертатный период... Внезапная сирена прервала все разговоры разом. Это могло означать только одно – внеплановая активация врат. Обе команды кинулись в диспетчерскую. Уолтер и Саманта переглянулись – команды ЗВ были в курсе внеплановых работ, и все получили инструкции временно возвращатся на внеземные базы. Родни, который не отличался особым доверием к земному металлическому щиту после силового атлантийского, решил было его усовершенствовать, но вот – не успел. Он тихонько подошел к столу Картер, волоча за собой связку проводов, и с надеждой спросил: - Мы кого-то ждем? Саманта покачала головой одновременно с Уолтером, главным диспетчером. Из своего кабинета выскочил генерал Лэндри. - Подполковник, мы получили чей-нибудь код? - Нет, сэр. - Тогда активируйте щит. - Нельзя, - удивил всех МакКей. - Почему? – обернулись несколько человек. Картер и генерал лишь непонимающе на него уставлилсь. - Я его только что отключил, - растерянно поднял он вверх руку с проводами. - Что случилось? Кто идет? – вошла компания из столовой. - Не знаем, - Картер уже вовсю стучала по клавишам. - Подполковник Картер, попробуйте аварийное выключение, - наконец собрался Лэндри. Еще бы – внеплановые активации не случались уже давно. Помимо того – обычно они не предвещают ничего хорошего. - Уже делаем, генерал, - отозвался МакКей, садясь за крайним компьютером. - Не получается, сэр. Внезапно врата дезактивировались. - Получилось же? – обрадовался Митчелл. - Это не я! – в один голос заявили Саманта, Родни и Уолтер. - Так! – генерал Лэндри потерял терпение. – Подполковник Картер, доктор МакКей, настройку новых адресов закончите после полной диагностики и анализа системы врат! Жду результаты у себя в кабинете через три часа. Солдатов из комнаты врат в карантин немедленно, мы не можем быть уверенны, что ничто к нам не проникло, - обратился он к дежурному, который тут же пошел в лазарет, - саму комнату сканировать, изучить записи с камер видеонаблюдения. До получения всех результатов анализов, никто не покидает базу. Остальные свободны, - кивнул он толпе с Шепардом и Митчеллом во главе, и чуть было не хлопнул дверью,уходя к себе в кабинет. Ну что за день! Сенат хочет урезать финансирование программы, Китай требует включить в основной состав базы три команды вместо одной, русские опять запели «если бы не мы...» с целью выбить себе побольше прав на добытые внеземные технологии, а теперь еще и это! - Нервы, - бросил Шепард. - Плохое настроение, - фыркнула Вала, рассматривая Джона исподтишка. - Ответственность, - вздохнул Дэниел. Результаты анализов и оказались успокаивающими. Поскольку не было выявлено ничего угрожающего, карантин сняли. За то результаты диангостики не могли не насторожить. В тот же день специалисты по технологии звездных врат сообщили генералу, что с самими вратами все в порядке, но остаточная эннергия соединения была слишком необычна, чтобы это проигнорировать. Доктор Родни МакКей отстаивал теорию о червоточине, которая прошла слишком близко от красной звезды, покольку параметры эннергии соответствовали этой теории, но подполковник Саманта Картер думала, что с ними пытались связатся из другой галактики – такие же показания приборов они получили, когла генерал О'Нилл в первый раз возвращался от азгардов, из галактики Аида. Да и при входящих из Атлантиды приборы давали давали почти такие же показания, с той лишь разницей, что были слишком короткими, чтобы суметь их полностью изучить, и утверждать что-то наверняка. Вчерашня же червоточина длилась несколько секунд, что позволило приборам измерить больше параметров соединения. Ицидент отошел на второй план, пока ученые, общими усилиями, заканчивали настройку новых адресов, а генерал Лэндри подумывал куда определить прибывших с Алантидой, и чертыхался про себя что это поручили именно ему. С другой стороны, ему было приятно что ему настолько доверяют. Внезапная сирена вызвала у генерала стойкое дежа-вю. «Опя-я-ять!», подумал он, войдя в диспетчерскую. - Сержант Харрис, что на этот раз? – спросил он, подойля поближе. - То же самое, что вчера сэр, - отрапортовал Уолтер, что-то одновремено делая на компьютере. – Это даже с той самой планеты! - Вы уверены? - поднял брови генерал. - Да, сэр, - подошла Саманта. – Вчера я включила в программу врат опознавание точки соединения по остаточной эннергии предыдущего контакта. Я уверенна, что червоточина с той же планеты, что и вчера. - Сэр, мы получаем данные, - повернулся к нему Уолтер. - Принять на изолированном накопителе, вывести на экран, - на автомате выдал генерал стандартные приказы для такого рода проишествии. Уолтер что-то нажал, и на мониторах появилась картинка с знаками. - Позовите Джексона сюда, - скомандовал генерал, вглядываясь в незнакомые письмена, которые не выглядели столь уж незнакомыми. Дэниел Джексон вошел, и вглянулся в монитор, переведя дыхание. - Это, по моему, производной от древне-греческого, - подтвердил он догадку генерала. - Можете перевести? - Без подготовки – только примерно, сэр. Хэнк кивнул ему. - Ну-у-у... они сообщают, что они, или он – мирные исследователи, - Джэксон усмехнулся про себя, ведь именно такую формулировку использовали они сами, хотя «мирными» их визиты можно было назвать только через раз, да и то в лучшие времена. - Просят принять посланника через несколько минут. Лэндри задумался на несколько секунд. - Готовность первой степени! – наклонился он к микрофону, отдавая приказ солдатам из комнаты врат. – Джексон, пусть приходят, - выпрямился он. Дэниел наклонился, и быстро нарисовал почти такие же символы на планшете. «Надеюсь, они поймут древнегреческий», пробормотал он. Уолтер Харрис передал каракули Дэниела, и уставлся в мерцающий горизонт событий врат. Все ожидали в напряжении, и даже Джек Онилл, который ходил по базе и чихал на всех (в прямом и переносном смысле), проникся, едва вошев. - Дэниел, что к черту здесь происходит? – подошел Джек к археологу. - К нам напросились в гости, ждем. Наконец-то через врата кто-то прошел. Фигура темной накидке стояла рядом с вратами пока те не погасли, потом медленно двинулась вниз и сняла капишон, ступив на пол. Генерал, Картер, Джексон, и даже Онилл спускались в комнату врат и воши туда вместе с Митчеллом, который как раз шел к генералу просится на задания, по случаю выздоровления. Молодая женщина неподвижно стояла у подножия трапа, и медленно оглядела солдат, которые держали ее на мушке. Пототм посмотрела на только что вошедших. Как только они остановились перед ней, она прижала правый кулак к сердцу, поклонилась, и что-то торжественно произнесла на незнакомом, музыкальном языке с изрядной долей шипящих, которые его не портили, а наоборот, воспринимались как пряная приправа к блюду. По всей вероятности, это было приветствие, по этому генерал тоже немногословно к ней обратился, справедливо больше надеясь на доброжелательный тон, чем на то, что его поймут. Потом повернулся к их лучшему специалисту по первым контактам: - Джексон, вы что-нибудь поняли? - Нет, сэр. - Но вы ведь ответили на послание? - Я ответил письменно. Это другое. Мы например не могли разговаривать на древне-египетском до путешествия на Абидос, хотя превосходно понимали написанные йероглифы. Произношение могло сильно изменится, в отличии от графических знаков... Генерал вернулся обратно к девушке, которая внимательно их слушала. Она указала на себя, и произнесла: «София». Потом вопросительно посмотрела на людей перед собой. Первым, как всегда в таких ситуациях, среагировал Джексон. Он сделал шаг вперед, и представился. Остальные последовали его примеру. Гостья внимателно осмотрела каждого, потом опять уставилась на Дэниела. «Ооо, прекрасно! – подумалось Ониллу, - еще одна невеста на голову Дэниела!» Митчелл расматривал гостью: брюнетка среднего роста, темные глаза с пытливым взглядом и широкая серая накидка покрывала одежду посветлее, видневшуюся там и сям при движениях. Кэмерон даже подумал, что она ничего так, хорошенькая. Тут гостья улыбнулась, и он поперхнулся: « Она очень даже ничего!». София бросила на него взгляд, будто услышала его мысли, а Митчелл испугался, что так оно и было. Джек заметил эпизод, и подумал, что пожалуй он погорячился с выводами насчет невесты для Дэниела - если в за дело возьмется Кэм, тогда безполезно гадать, что же будет. А еще неизвестно, что этой Мудрой надо на Земле. В ощем, поводов за ней приглядывать достаточно и без увлеченности своего непризнанного сына, буде таковая случится. С потенциальными союзниками всегда так. Взять к примеру тех же Ток'ра – вроде и пользу приносили, но и сколько хлопот! Ей Богу, с гоаулдами было если не легче, то хотя бы понятнее – или ты их, или они тебя. - Джексон, попытайтесь ей объяснить, зачем вы ее ведете в лазарет, а я пойду докладывать о ней наверх. Через час совещание у меня в кабинете. Все двинулись к выходу, кроме археолога с гостьей, которая озадаченно смотрела им вслед. - Софья, - начал он, не будучи уверенным что правльно произнес ее имя. Она повернулась к нему с легкой улыбкой. - София. Генерал Онилл, человек действия, собирался с чистой совестью улизнуть поспать. Он ненавидел бумажную работу, а первые попытки объяснится с человеком, который непонятно на каком языке лопочет, не сильно от этого отличалось. Словно в подтверждение, Дэниел вытащил блокнот, и что-то быстро в нем выводил. София внимательно следила за его рукой. Дэниел не мог судить, насколько она поняла, но ее жест рукой мог значать только одно: «Идемте!» Он пошел вперед, чтобы показать дорогу, но девушка поравнялась с ним, и до самого лазарета смотрела под ноги. Доктор Лэм уже обо всем знала, и немного нервничала. Ей еще никогда не приходилось заниматся «первыми контактами»: все ее пациенты были или обычными землянами, или пришельцами, которые знали чего ожидать. А иногда вообще пленниками, с которыми не церемонились. Остальные медицинские работники зоны 52 ее быстро приняли, едва увидев в действии, да и работая на военных, на минус двадцать восьмом уровне горы Шайен, другого ожидать не приходилось – личные мнения и предпочтения оставлялись на уровне земли, высоко над головой. Военных интересовало лишь то, насколько персонал справлялся со своими обязанностями. Но Кэролайн Лэм, хоть и показала себя с превосходным специалистом, все равно видела в глазах других работников, что ей никогда не занять место бывшего доктора – Джаннет Фрейзер. Особенно в такие моменты, когда она не могла оперется ни на свой знания, ни на личный опыт. Оставалось надеятся, что инопланетянка попалась понятливая, и по крайней мере не испугается ее аппаратов. Дэниел и гостья вошли. Он стал что-то быстро писать, девушка взглянула, и видимо выразила согласие – так можно было интерпретировать ее несколько шагов в сторону докторши. София выжидательно остановилась в каком-то метре от девушки в халате. Потом уствилась на Дениела, но тот не понял, чего она хочет – ей ведь объяснили, что ведут на медицинское исследование. Она повернулась обратно к девушке, указала на себя, и представилась. Кэролайн последовала ее примеру. Девушки улыбнулись друг другу – они поладят. Зато Джексон чуть не хлопнул себя по лбу, усаживаясь на кушетку ближе к двери. - Докатились, нас учат манерам на собственной базе! – озвучили его мысль у дверей. Археолог обернулся на голос Кэмерона, который прислонился к косяку двери. Он наблюдал за тем, как София села на стул, не сводя глаз с докторши. Кэролайн деловито, хотя и с затаенной опаской приблизилась к Софии со шприцом – неизвестно, как та отреагирует на острые предметы. Она и вправду отодвинулась, и обратилась к Джексоны с вопросом, судя по тону. Он протянул чистый лист и карандаш, но у Митчелла уже было свое мнение: - Кэролайн, возьмите сначала кровь у меня. По моему, она простоне понимает, что вы хотите сделать. Дэниел с легким изумлением поднял взгляд с исписанного листка, и коротко сообщил: - Он прав. Доктор Лэм пожала плечами, и взяла кровь у Митчелла. София внимательно за ней следила. Когда Кэролайн взяла новый шприц в руки, гостья уже с готовностью протянула ей руку. «Думаю, дальше проблем не будет» облегченно подумала Кэролайн. ","Summary":" Фанфик: Враги и союзники Жанр: продолжение/приключения/ местами AU Рэйтинг: PG-13 Тип: джен Персона"},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"Behind the Smile","Author":"CocaColaKidd","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9161652","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He gazed at the gun resting in his hands, before taking in a shaky breath. He hadn't expected to find himself here again. Just a few months prior, he'd been in the exact same position he was in now. In his son's room. With a gun in his hand. The very same gun that had taken his child's life nearly a year ago. When the men from the Air Force base had come to reactivate him for duty, he'd been ready and willing. The mission was simple. If the little Egyptologist could figure everything out, then he was to go in, assess the level of threat, and either get out, or get everyone else out and blow the place sky-high. The little Egyptologist figured everything out pretty soon. If all had gone according to plan, it would have been quick. Easy. Also, it had the added bonus of being a possible suicide mission, so at least he could go out a hero. But when do things ever go according to plan? The Egyptologist had decided to come along with the team. Dr. Daniel Jackson. The dweeb with long hair and glasses. The guy who had been brought to get them back home. That annoying sonuva – he'd assumed . They were stuck who-knew-where for who-knew-how-long. Suddenly it wasn't such a simple mission after all. He couldn't do his job. It hadn't helped that his men were pissed as hell – though they had every right to be – it just made his life a whole hell of a lot more difficult. To make matters even worse, he'd started liking the guy. Really liking him. He'd started to notice the little things. How awe-struck he was over everything they had found. How a smile would light up his whole face. How he was filled with a child-like wonder. And he'd started to think – hell – he didn't know what he'd started to think. But he'd ignored it all. The tell-tale signs. And when they'd come across other beings – beings that looked human – he was probably as amazed as Daniel. Then he saw Daniel with that woman in the ruins, and he'd realized – So he'd started to stop himself from noticing. From thinking. From falling for the unattainable. He'd remembered their mission – his mission. But back at base camp, when they were ambushed, the only person he'd been able to think of was – And then Daniel had died. He'd died saving him. And his hope was lost, all was lost, nothing mattered, not even his men – Until he saw that Daniel was alive . Daniel was going to kill them, but he was alive. Really, death at the hands of someone he cared for… But they'd escaped. With the help of the native boy that reminded him of his son, and that woman. And Daniel was still alive. He wasn't going to kill them, he hadn't been turned. Yet… He couldn't find hope. There was no way out. And Daniel knew ; knew what he had been sent to do, what he wanted to do, what he still wanted to do. Then Daniel created hope. They'd made a plan together, the last of his team and the group of children . As good of a plan as they were going to get under the circumstances, but a plan nonetheless. Things went according to plan. Until, of course, things stopped going according to plan. He was attacked by someone who had once been one of his men. And Daniel's life was in danger. Again. Though, this time it was because of that woman. Daniel, once again, pulled through and came back alive, just when he had been losing his faith. The woman was still with him, and, apparently, alive as well. There had been that brief scare with the bomb, but they took care of it like pros. They'd won. Against all odds, they had won against a god . They'd saved the Earth. They'd even saved this new planet, Abydos. They could go home. Except. Except Daniel wasn't coming back with them. He was staying behind on Abydos with the woman – his wife . Sha'uri. He did his best to ignore the dull ache in his chest as he said his goodbyes. To the leader of the natives, to the boy he'd befriended… To Daniel. He had thought of telling him, of letting him know, but he couldn't do it. Couldn't bring himself to let Daniel know how much he'd started to care for him. When Daniel had looked him in the eyes and asked if he'd be alright, he had stared right back. Had forced a smile to cover the hurt. And it had worked. So, here he was. Former father, former husband, former Colonel. Jack O'Neil. Sitting in his son's room, holding the very same gun that had killed said son. He breathed out slowly, and lifted the gun to his temple. ","Summary":" He gazed at the gun resting in his hands, before taking in a shaky breath. He hadn't expected to fi"},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"The Tale of Gindoaw Hiati","Author":"Gormagon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8088049","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summery-This story takes place roughly 625 years ago. It is a prequil side story for describing how the Houjin kingdom expanded out into the galaxy and it is needed for giving some back ground information about the Houjin people and the Kaizoku. The Houjin and the Kaizoku are a fan fic race I made for Stargate. They have been isolated from the rest of the Mlkyway galaxy by sheer physical distance as they live high above the central galactic disc. They are descended from Japanese people that alien brought from Earth to their current home world. I am a member of the Gate world virtual fleet fan universe group. This story is also just for fun. I am a new writer, and I have been told that the fourth chapter is so far the best. Gindoaw Hitati must fight for survival against hostile forces in a desloate part of the galaxy far from home. Chapter one Gindoaw gazed out at the stars, their beauty, majesty, and especially there mystery calling to him. The year was 725 A.R During the the rule of Shogunate Akidaro. (1475 A.D) 25 years after the the existence of underspace had been proven. He remembered the broadcast on the com net and the excitement of the space riders. Soon, transit through the void would not take months or years and be far less costly, even with all the mining operations.(for naquadah/trinium, diamonds, iridium, palladium, germanium, gallium, tungsten, molybdenum, and other relatively rare things.) He remembered their expansion phase. Now, with f.t.l capacity, the blueprints for generational colony vessels could be scrapped. They could really venture out into the universe. It was something Gindoaw had not expected to happen in his lifetime. Although, it had to happen in someone's lifetime he mused. \"Gindoaw, they are waiting for you in section 12.\" He heard a voice come from behind him. He turned and saw Shakekio, his secretary. \"I know. I was just enjoying the moment. Inform them I am on my way.\" He said. \"Yes Karkari Gindoaw. \" She replied as he walked down the corridor. He had made his way to section 12 of the first Seken space station. When he passed junior officers they saluted him, even superiors gave him an acknowledging nod. He was going to be the first Houjin to face the vast field of underspace that surrounded Houjin territory. Years of testing subspace devices with f.t.l probes had finally given his team the data they needed to build the first probe which had successfully accomplished a two way transit through the void. Refinement had allowed them to build a probe which passed through the void as well as communicate with home base. Now, the first manned craft would be launched, with himself as the pilot. The honor for him and his clan was immense. And if he did not survive, his family would be well compensated. He had reached section 12. He saw his vessel, named Storm runner sitting in its birth, being looked over one last time by teams of technicians. Security forces held back eager reporters. Good he thought. He had already given countless hours to interviews. Daimyo Houjira the commander of the station, who was standing near Storm runner turned approached him. \"Karkari Gindoaw. I know your training has been extensive and that you yourself designed much of the technology being used for this mission. But how have you prepared yourself personally for the journey ahead? \"Houjira asked. He himself was unsure if he would be willing to undertake such a mission. Of course, he could not show that to this Karkari. (Karkari-A noble, official or overseer.) \"I have. I have offered the ritual prayers to the Sora kamigami at the temple of Kokoro. (Sky gods/aliens) I have meditated in the inner chambers of Kokoro and had my soul purged by the monks. I am prepared as I ever shall be.\" Gindoaw replied. \"Very well. All the preparations are made. You have clearance to board Storm runner and begin pre-flight procedures.\" Houjira said. Gindoaw gave a half bow in respect and approached his vessel. Part two of chapter one . Intro- This part introduces the Kaizoku Karuteru, a offshoot of the Houjin. They are a group of pirates, smugglers, and remnants of dishonored noble houses. They had been main adversary of the Houjin people for many years. Light years away from Gindoaw, deep in the heart of a highly ionized nebula... Kaizoku Mikiko stared at the man in front of her desk with disdain. The whelp had recently lost an entire shipment of Ahenahtu(A highly refined, altered opiate like drug.) He had been in command of a small group of cargo freighters bound for the outer world colonies. A Houjin destroyer had ambushed them from behind one of the moons of their first drop off planet. \"Mistress, we ran three sensor sweeps of the region, scanners did not pick up any unusual e.m or subspace fluctuations. I deemed it safe to proceed with the deal. We had no intel about any large warships in the region...\" Kortari began. \"You should have been more patient in this situation Kortari. If you had been more thorough in checking the system with probes before you entered you would have found that warship waiting for you. \"Mikiko said to him. \"I did not launch probes because of the time it would have taken for them to return! We are already behind on all of our shipments because of the Houjin navy's desire to destroy us. Their vessels pursue us all over space. I have failed in my duties. I have failed the Karuteru. I have failed you house mistress. I beg your mercy , provide me a chance to reclaim my honor! \"Kortari pleaded. \"And why should such a chance be given you?\" Mikiko inquired of him. \"I have always served the Karuteru to the best of my abilities! I have been loyal to you and your house! \"Kortari replied. \"I see. And yet with the first wave of missiles the destroyer launched at your fleet you turned tail and escaped in your personal craft, abandoning the slower cargo ships to the Houjin. You are gutless. You are a coward without resolve or honor. \"she stated to him as she pulled out a Wakizashi. As fast as a snake, she was over her desk and holding the blade to his throat. He gasped, he had not even had time to blink. \"If it were up to me, your head would decorate my ships bow. However, it is not.\" Mikiko moved the blade away from his throat and slowly walked back behind her desk. Kortari collapsed on the floor. Just then, the doors to Mikiko's chambers opened up and a procession of noblemen strode in. \"Son, are you all right? What did you do to him? \"the man in the lead of the group demanded to Mikiko. \"Nothing. I did nothing to this nothing.\"she said, gesturing at Kortari. \"Your families financial support is still key to our operations. Because of this, I grant your request to spare your sons life. \"She finished. \"Yes. Yes it is. Do not forget that without our help, the Houjin would have closed their noose around your houses neck decades ago! I take my leave of you now.\" the man finished. Mikiko said nothing as all the men left with the whelp. What was happening to the Karuteru? The Houjin were tightening the net. It was becoming harder and harder to pull a profit, to survive. But were could they go? The underspace disturbance prevented them from leaving this region of space for greener pastures. Until they found away around the disturbance, if such a thing was possible... End part two beginning part three . \"All systems ready. All lights are blue. I repeat, all lights are blue. Requesting your final authorization to proceed with operation long haul.\"Gindoaw Hiati spoke through the com. \"Authorization granted. Docking clamps released. You may proceed. \"came the reply. \"Acknowledged.\"Gindoaw said as he activated his ships sublight drive. The Storm Runner bounded forward out of the station and into the vast void of space. As soon as Gindoaw cleared the planets gravity well he would activate the ships F.T.l system, his course set for the disturbance. His mind wandered. He thought about his mother and how she would be praying to the Sora kamigami. She was among the Houjin that still believed in the gods, that they watched over the Houjin people. He thought about Lady Kioto Kusabana. His head of house wished him to marry her and join the Kioto and Hiati houses together. He enjoyed spending time with her. They had interesting discussions. His control console beeped. He had cleared the gravity well. Now the jump into underspace would be easier on the drive. Gindoaw entered the proper coordinates and activated the ships F.T.L system. Power throbbed through the ship as the reactor reached maximum output. Gindoaw braced himself. Underspace travel always made him nauseous. A hole was torn in space, and Storm Runner leaped into the inter-dimensional rift. Kortari Oukoa sat at his desk reading shipping data. He had been reassigned to data review after his failed mission. His father could only do so much for him after all. At least he was still alive. If you could call this life...That blood bathing hag Mikiko...Kortari imagined her dying slowly from Vilshi venom, or perhaps having an accident the next time she took her yacht out... How dare she threated the life of a son of house Oukoa! She would have to pay. Somehow. But even if he did mange to kill the whore, Kortari knew it was likely she would have sealed orders for her own people to kill off her rivals, just to make sure of her revenge. Just then the door of his office opened and a Musha came in, escorting a courier. An actual courier? Kortari thought. This was uncommon. Couriers were only used when there was extremely sensitive information being transported, so sensitive it could not be risked even over a secure data link. \"Why do you disturb me Musha? \" Kortari asked the warrior. \"This man has a data crystal for you. He says it is from your father, I had it scanned for dangers and found non. \"he replied. \"Alright, give it here then. \" Kortari ordered. The courier stepped forward cautiously, gave a half bow and handed the orange crystal to Kortari. \"You are dismissed. \" Kortari said, the two visitors bowed and left. Kortari picked up the crystal eyed it. Whatever information was on this very important. He slid it into a data port on his desk. A hologram of text appeared and he began reading. His pulse quickened. \"By Milshu's katana...\" Kortari muttered. Chapter two Gindoaw looked out at the blue tunnel of underspace. His ships F.T.L system was the most robust and powerful ever devised by his people, it would not take long to reach the eighth boarder outpost. Although the eighth boarder outpost was heavily fortified, the Shogunate and his council had felt it best to keep project long haul based at Arata Seken, for supply and security reasons. Gindoaw felt they were being paranoid..who was going to attack him? Why would anyone attack him? The Kurohayamimi had not been heard from since he was a boy, the Kaizoku would have to be mad to attack a fortified target like outpost eight, and the Aobozu were busy trying to rebuild and prevent total anarchy in their solar system. Gindoaw believed everything would go off without a hitch. They had retested and retested and run countless simulations. He closed his eyes and went to sleep. So, the Houjin had finally done it. Invented a drive system that could allow one to leave this part of the galaxy without dying from old age or boredom...who knew what wealth lay out in the universe! Being able to leave their prison...he had to give credit to Houjin engineering. The data on his crystal had told him all about the research that had been conducted over the past few decades, who was involved in the project, and most importantly, when and where the test ship, the Storm Runner, would emerge. Now he understood why the heads of their organization had been calling in every able ship and blade from all over the kingdom. All of those men were being promised a big haul. And it was a valuable target. With the ability to leave the kingdom the Kaizoku could get away, far away from the Houjin and finally be free to do as they pleased. No more raids on their drug storage facilities and arms depots, or surprise searches of their cargo vessels. And he, Kortari, would be a part of the assault on border outpost 8, and not just any part, he was one of the four Raptor class vessels going after Storm Runner. His father had managed to barter back his old ship for him, the Dawnblade, and put together a crew of his own family house as well. Retrieving Storm Runner and its drive intact was vital, the pilots life preferred but optional so that he could be interrogated. Well his attack force saw to that, the rest of the fleet would distract the warships in the area, as well as border outpost eights weapon systems. He should be leaving anytime now... \"Kortari Oukoa, report to docking birth 12 immediately . \" came a voice over the com. Kortari pressed the com button. \"I am on my way.\" he replied. Kortari left his office and made his way to docking birth 12 . Chapter two part two. Storm Runner excited subspace in a blaze of color and light. Gindoaw opened a subspace com channel to border outpost 8. \"This is Karkari Gindoaw Hiati requesting permission too dock. Clearance code blue 11879 Kioto 78. \"Gindoaw said into the com. \"Granted. Proceed to docking birth 3. Welcome to outpost 8 Karkari Gindoaw. \"Came the reply. \"Thank you.\" Gindoaw said. He powered Storm Runner forward towards the base. A few minutes later docking the procedures were finished and Gindoaw entered the outpost. A fellow Karkari official and an aid were waiting to greet Gindoaw. \"Gindoaw, we have eagerly anticipated your arrival. Storm Runner will be refueled and checked over again for malfunctions or other problems, should take a few hours. Feel free to use the rec room on floor 5. You have been assigned quarters on deck 4, room 20. \" he said to Gindoaw, Sarasha, show our honored quest to his quarters. \"Thank you. \" Gindoaw said hefting a backpack over his shoulder. The servant led him down the hall. Gindoaw hopped he would have time to meditate before he left. \"Attack wing B through D set your helms to assume base assault formation as soon as we excite underspace. Wing A, wait 30 seconds a short jump away from outpost 8 and then go for Storm Runner . \" Korkari heard Hioko order over the com. \"Jilkar! Jilkar! Get a handle on that faulty guidance array…you want to shoot down one of our own ships? \" Korkari said addressing his T.O. The missile targeting and guidance system had been having what Jilkar called \"hiccups\" lately. If Jilkar was not so good with ordinances he would have had him shipped to a naquadah processing plant for incompetence in his maintenance duties. \"Yes Lord. \" Jilkar said and he bowed well hurrying to do his masters bidding. \"All wings, initiate pre jump procedures.\" came the voice of general Hioko. Hioko sobashi had been banished from the Houjin military for unknown reasons. Well, unknown to Korkari. Hioko was among the best tactical minds the Kaizoku had at their disposal. The assault fleet moved in unison. Power surged in all the vessels, and they leaped forward into hyperspace. Korkari sat in his command chair. He could not wait to get into the thick of things. More then enough time to finish getting the bugs out of his ships systems . He had thought about reporting them to get a larger a larger maintenance team but he did not want to risk being left behind. He was not worried. The bugs were not that big of an issue anyway. In the control room of outpost 8, everyone eagerly awaited the test of Storm Runners system. The said vessel was currently making its way away from outpost 8, a safe distance away incase something went wrong with the ships drive. Large amounts of energy were being manipulated here after all. \"Kokiara, what do you make of this? \"asked the officer stationed at one of the sensor monitoring consoles. He pointed to a mass of subspace fluctuations nearby. \"Hmm. Could it be related to the Storm Runner ? \" Kokiara asked. \"No mistress I doubt that, one, they are in the wrong area, secondly Storm Runner has not activated its drive yet. \"he replied. \"Activate the defenses and prep the weapons systems, this may be an attack. Alert Storm Runner to return to this base.\" Kokiara ordered. \"Yes mistress. Who would attack outpost 8? \"he asked her. \"Fools with a death wish.\"she replied. \"Gindoaw, come about and re-dock with the station by order of Shuseki Kokiara sabashi. \" one of the com officers said to Gindoaw over the subspace com. \"May I humbly inquire as to the reason? \" Gindoaw asked. \"There may be an attack force closing on the base. If it proves to be nothing the test will continue, but I want your ship safe within my outposts shields. \" Kokiara replied herself. \"I see. Coming about.\" Gindoaw replied. \"Mistress, the subspace fluctuations continue to close on our location. \" came a report. \"Alert the Destroyers. Have them surround the base, overlapping fields of fire. \" Kokiara ordered. Meanwhile… \"We will arrive at our location in 15 seconds. 14…13….\"Came a countdown from Kortari's helm officer. \"All hands report to battle stations! All hands brace for jump into normal space!\" Kortari yelled into the ship wide com. The Kaizoku assault fleet leapt out of hyperspace bristling with weapons, shields powering up. \"Target acquired. All wings initiate the attack plan!\" Hioko ordered over the com. The fleet sped towards outpost 8. Part three of chapter two. \"Mistress, we have multiple contacts closing fast on our location. They are not transmitting any IDF signals, however sensors are detecting energy spikes from each vessel as well as active sensor scans directed at this base. The vessels are approaching in pincer formation.\" The T.O reported to Kokiara. \"Then regulations direct us to consider them hostile and begin firing as soon as they are in range. Arm all weapons systems. Alert headquarters to this attack also inform any nearby vessels as to the situation. \" Kokiara commanded. The com officer typed at his consol for a few seconds. \"Mistress, I am unable to transmit a strong enough signal to reach headquarters, the enemy appears to have brought along a group of subspace E.W vessels. The combined power of their interference is too much for our f.t.l transmitters. I shall attempt to break through the interference mistress. \" the com officer said as he continued working fervently. \"Work quickly. Deploy half of the stealth bomber drones to take out the E.W vessels. With all the interference those ships are emitting our stealth drones will be even more difficult to detect using subspace sensors. Let us use their tactics to our advantage. \" Kokiara ordered. \"Mistress, I believe a group from the aft side of the pincer has broken off from the main group, their trajectory shows them to be on an intercept course for Strom Runner . There are approximately 4 vessels. If I had to guess as to what class, I would say class 2 Raptors. \" the T.O reported. \"Acknowledged, dispatch 2 destroyers to take care of them.\" Kokiara told him. Something troubled her, this attack style was familiar. A surprise attack with a flamboyant main assault, but along with it a secondary goal. Throw in a long range com blackout. She had seen it before. \"They will be within weapons range in under a minute.\" The T.O stated. Kokiara knew that the attackers must be Kaizokou, pirates, robbers and thieves. They must be after the new drive developed for use on the Storm Runner . Stealing what they could not devise themselves. In this case a way out of the Houjin navies tightening grasp. An ancient warrior poem came to mind. Why can't they seem to get it? The same thing that I learned? That anything you accomplish Must be fought for and earned? Part four chapter two. Hioko sabashi watched the target outpost eight seem to become larger on the holographic view screen. Outpost eight had been built into a large asteroid which was almost solid nickel-iron. The base was reinforced with nano armor and force fields. Outpost eight was a solid fortress and his fleet would take devastating losses before breaking it, especially with his daughter commanding the defense out outpost eight. Fortunately, that was not the goal of this attack. The fleet knew that once the splinter group had acquired Storm Runner it was all ships fall back. Just a matter of acquiring that vessels technology now and then he and the other Kaizoku leaders could be safe from the Houjin navy. Gindoaw was feeling perturbed. Not only had he been called back because of upper echelon paranoia, but now no one was telling him anything. He could not get a clear signal through to outpost 8 and his sensors were not giving him any useful data. He rubbed his temples, he was getting a migraine. He tried to contact outpost 8 again. \"This is Karkari Gindoaw calling outpost 8 please respond. What is going on? Can you hear me? \"he transmitted. The response was in the form of a peppering of rapid fire auto-cannon rounds across his hull. \"Surrender your vessel and prepare to be boarded Gindoaw.\" he heard over his short range com. \"Repeat message, who is this?\" Gindoaw transmitted back. \"Shutdown you drives and prepare to be boarded you Bakayarou!\" was the reply. \"How about no? \" Gindoaw said in return as he raised shields, kicked his drives into overtime and began random evasive maneuvers. \"This is your last warning ketsunoana. \" the mysterious voice said over the com again. Gindoaw sped away as fast as his little ship could go, but his sensor readings showed whatever ships were pursuing him seemed to be keeping up with Storm Runner . Storm Runner shuddered, sensors registered hundreds of impacts from explosive auto-cannon rounds, his shields were being drained. Storm Runner only carried a few blaster lasers and an X-ray laser cannon for shooting down asteroids, these were obviously warships pursuing him, he was no match for them. Warning lights came on, signaling his shields were losing integrity. He saw only one way out. He flipped the f.t.l drive activation switches, power hummed through the ship. Here go's nothing. On board the Dawnblade…. \"Kortari, sensor readings of the Storm Runner show a major power level increase.\" Jilkar stated. \"Is it a weapon?\" Kortari asked. \"I do not believe so, it is a similar energy reading given off when we power our f.t.l system.\" Jilkar responded. \"No! No no no no….your not going to escape you little worm! Charge the towing field emitter! We have to try and stop him! \" Kortari leapt forward towards the helm consol threw the posted officer over his shoulder and punched in a direct intercept course. He was going to stop Gindoaw from escaping…he was not going to escape and ruin Kortaris mission! This was his mission! He deserved this glory and would not be denied it by a whelp like Gindoaw! Dawnblade came up very close to Storm Runner , auto-cannons blazing, subspace towing field generators powering up. Storm Runner s f.t.l drive kicked in the exact same moment that the Dawnblades field generator activated. Both vessels disappeared in a blaze of light. Chapter Three \"Deploy the Vokami and the Makasui to assist the Kokoto, it is under heavy fire. Divert power from fusion cells…7 through 15 to reinforce plasma lance arrays. Tighten the beam coherency and direct the targeting computers to lock onto the highest concentrated energy emissions those should be the main power cores of the Raptor vessels. Shoot down those retreating bakas. And tighten up sector 4! There is a hole in our point defense fire.\" order after order came from Kokiara and her officers responded with clockwork precision to make sure each one was carried out. \"Casualty reports coming in.\" she herd someone say. \"The Lakoio is dead in the water and requesting assistance.\" someone else said. \"Mistress, the pair of destroyers you dispatched to aid Storm Runner managed to get a garbled report through the interference, they say that one Raptor was destroyed, two fell back and one disappeared along with the Storm Runner . There was more detail but the transmission is distorted.\" A com officer reported. That would explain why the Kaizoku were falling back. The mission had been accomplished. The Kaizoku must have towed Storm Runner away. Kokiara closed her eyes. Outpost 8 had been severely dishonored this day. She took a deep breath and her eyes shot open, they could reclaim their honor by rescuing Gindoaw, retrieving Storm Runner , and killing as many thieving Kaizoku as they could find. \"Open a channel to Arata Seken. Inform them of what has transpired. Begin rescue operations for our own men and vessels, and dispatch ships to bring in any surviving Kaizoku they can find. We need information.\" Kokiara ordered. Gindoaw was quite worried about his survival. He had activated his vessels drive at the same time that the enemy ship had activated its towing field, and now they were hurtling through the chaotic energy tides of underspace together. The mass and other \"contaminations\" caused by the other vessel was seriously disrupting Storm Runners highly tuned f.t.l field making for a very unstable ride. Gindoaw had already bit through his lower lip on accident. He had already tried to \"dislodge\" the other vessel from his own without much success, he had tried a kiron pulse from his reactor but it had had the opposite effect. He had tried exciting underspace but somehow the other vessels towing field would not let his f.t.l. field be destabilized, so he could not excite underspace. Now he was trying to cut power to Storm Runners drive but the safeties and securities he had designed were stopping him. If he cut power flowing into the active drive then it could create a feedback pulse of energy into other systems or the reactor, causing an overload surge. So, he had to shut down the naquadah reactor. Stop power from being produced. He was finishing the final shutdown procedure now. His finger paused over the button…..but what then? It would take time to restart the reaction and power up the drive. He had activated Storm Runners drive in the heat of battle, with no time to reset the travel coordinates. He was hurtling through the void towards his mission target. No help around. Outpost 8 had been surrounded by warships according to his sensor data logs when he left. Would they be gone if he managed to evade the ship attached to him if he dropped out into the void to reset his trajectory? He had no idea. Besides, how would he evade the ship in the void long enough to power up again with nothing but space particles and radiation around? He could not fight the ship. Gindoaw saw only one logical course of action. Finish his mission. Cross the void. There was a star system on the other end of this journey according to his science team's lab calculations. Perhaps he could hide in an asteroid belt or some such stellar phenomenon until his ship powered back up. It would take a few days to finish the journey. Gindoaw entered a meditative state in which he would finish the trip. On board the Dawnblade. \"Jilkar….Hadoko….you both had better find a way to get us out of this mess you got us into!\" Kortari stated to the only officers onboard with science training. They had been trapped in underspace for a while and Kortari was getting impatient. Jilkar wondered how it could have possibly partially been his fault. He had just obeyed orders to activate the holding field. Frankly, Jilkar had no safe ideas to get them out of this situation. Nether did Hadoko, and she was an f.t.l field specialist. They had brought her along for when they captured Storm Runner so that the Kaizoku could immediately begin understanding this new technology, even if all she could do was analyze sensor scans. Kortari was to blame for their predicament and everyone knew it. Kortari had been the one to plot the intercept course for their cursed quarry. But then Kortari had always been like that. He could find ways to shift blame on others in his twisted mind, and then run to daddy who always \"fixed it\". Jilkar was surprised he had not been dragged before the lady Mikiko earlier. Kortari was a fumbling fool and a danger to the Kaizoku. Not for long however. Not to much longer. Lady Mikiko would be quite pleased soon. He just had to wait for opportune moment. Kokiara had been communing with Daimyo Houjira, adding a personal touch in addition to the data burst of their predicament. \"I see. And I agree with your assessment. The Kaizoku cannot be allowed to get away with this. It will only embolden them in the future. The war council is deliberating over the data burst you sent, but as far as I am aware they are currently for pursuing the raiders and reclaiming Storm Runner and Gindoaw before the Kaizoku can take ether apart to learn about our new f.t.l technology. I will contact you when there is more news to report.\" Houjira replied to Kokiara. He bowed and reached to cut the connection. Kokiara bowed in return. Kokiara sat down in her desk chair. She reached up and undid her hair bun, and then ran her hands through her jet black hair. They had to move quickly. Even with his mental conditioning Gindoaw would not be able to hold out against the Kaizoku pain technicians for very long. The captured Kaizoku were yielding little useful information. She had ordered the initiation of HMSM procedures but those took time. They had to set everything up. She shuffled over to her tea table and activated it. Well that brewed she could start unwinding. She walked to her closet and looked for a nice Kimono. By the time she had changed the tea was ready. She took a cup and sat at her desk. She sipped her tea, savoring the subtle flavors. Alright, time to start going through the latest reports she thought as she activated her desks holoscreen. Gindoaw was awakened by his vessels automated alert system. Before he had gone into meditative stasis he had set it to wake him up 30 minutes before the calculations said he would reach the star system at the end of his journey. He checked his consol…yes his reactor was still ready for the shutdown. He grinned. During meditative stasis he had an idea, to shunt all the energy he could from the shutdown procedure through his defense grid towards the ship he was towing with him. It would probably fry his shield emitters but it could seriously damage the enemy craft and stop them from pursuing him well he waited for his f.t.l system to recharge. It would not be long now. A short while later the two conjoined vessels excited subspace in high orbit above a mysterious world. Gindoaw shut down his vessels reactor, and initiated his surge plan. Energy flowed from his shield emitters into the ship above. Meanwhile… \"Lord Kortari, we have excited underspace.\" the helm officer reported. \"Finally, where are we?\" Kortari asked in an irritated tone. \"Charts show we have crossed the void separating the Houjin kingdom from the rest of this spiral of stars. We are far from home lord. Storm Runners technology will be required to make the return journey in a reasonable amount of time.\" Hadako replied well she analyzed several data display consoles. \"Keep the holding field active on that vessel. Prepare a boarding party and make sure those moronic gun slingers have tranq dart attachments…and tell the assault team to actually use them! We need Gindoaw alive.\" Kortari ordered. \"Yes lord…\"someone was replying when the whole ship shuddered. Several consoles blew out around the command center and the whole room filled with smoke from plasma discharges burning and melting various hardware components. Crew members were thrown about. \"Damage report!\" Kortari yelled. The only responses he got were mutters, pain sounds and various exclamations. \"I said report !\" Kortari yelled again. Jilkar pushed a large piece of console off of himself and walked over to an undamaged console. Hadako joined him in a few moments, and they reconfigured it. \"It appears that Storm Runner has a more formidable bite then we were informed off in our intel reports.\" Jilkar said. \"He initiated some type of surge that has caused mid level damage to our own vessel.\" Hadako contributed. \"And now Storm Runner is busy making its way towards the far side of this planet we are orbiting. Once Gindoaw is on the other side he can set just about any sublight speed trajectory he wants and our sensors will not pick him up. Like, say, towards a part of that massive asteroid belt we cannot currently detect with our long range scanners.\" Jilkar stated, looking at the panel. \"We will never find him in there, he will be able to escape from us and we will be stranded here for a long while.\" Hadako finished. \"Intercept course now! Weapons hot!\" Kortari ordered. \"We are attempting to get Dawnblade running again lord.\" Jilkar said. He took out his com unit. \"Engineering our sensors show power grids 3 and 4 are down. You are going to have to bypass them.\" He spoke into the com. \"Already working on it.\" was the reply over his com. \"Systems have recovered from the surge. Engineering reports generator power at 70%, firing up the drives….\" Hadako said a few moments later. \"Intercept course now….\" Kortari ordered. Dawnblade began pursuing Storm Runner . Chapter Four Kokiara was reading the latest tactical report on her holoscreen. Another contingent of warships had arrived and they were requesting supplies to continue the hunt for more Kaizoku bases. They had gathered as much intelligence as possible about said bases from what Kaizoku prisoners they had collected before they had been executed as traitors to the Houjin kingdom and enemies of the people. Unfortunately the intelligence they had gathered was not substantial. Only higher tier members of the Kaizoku Karuteru knew the relative spatial coordinates of any of the more valuable or larger Kaizoku bases for obvious security reasons, and the two that had survived in partially intact damaged raiding vessels had possessed implanted jisatsu devices and had died before ever coming close to the interrogation chambers. That was so inconvenient Kokiara thought. She had no sympathy for the Kaizoku, although she knew them to be devious and crafty opponents. They were all were traitors and virtually all were honor less, and many of them were murderers, thieves and exploiters, willing to do whatever it took at any cost to improve their personal profits. The Kaizoku were dangerous to everyone. They had to be eradicated from Houjin space! The only good quality about them that Kokiara could think of was that they had kept the kingdom on alert. Who knew what dangers lay beyond the void between the kingdom and the rest of this galaxy? Especially now that they would be able to build vessels that could cross the void efficiently. The Houjin people could not afford to grow soft. That could mean the end of the kingdom she cared about and had dedicated her life to serve and protect. There was still no word of Gindoaw or Storm Runner . She sighed. Gindoaw performed every maneuver he could think of and a few random ones, but Dawnblade refused to give up its pursuit of him! They would have him in a holding field in a few moments….he checked his reactor. It was stable but still needed more time to energize his f.t.l system. Auto cannon rounds and laser bursts were especially dangerous to him now that his main shielding system was inert. His navigational deflector did not do that much to protect him from weapons fire. A disturbing series of impact pings echoed inside his cabin. He banked a hard left just in time to avoid what his sensors told him was a sizable volley of laser bursts. He was not sure if it was a good or bad thing that they were not using their heavier weapons on him. One direct hit from a fusion cannon and he would probably end up as space borne particles. Perhaps he would live just long enough during the process to feel his flesh being incinerated. He dodged another volley of weapons fire. On the other hand, they were obviously trying to capture him, which meant they would torture him to try to acquire the secrets of Storm Runner more quickly then they could on their own. Well if that happened perhaps when he died at some point in time he could come back as an angry spirit and make their lives miserable. He chuckled at his own joke. Why am I laughing at a time like this? He thought. All of a sudden Storm Runner shook violently from a series of impacts! Gindoaw saw flashing crimson and violet warning lights on all the displays! His propulsion unit had taken a direct series of auto round impacts and was only at 24% capacity. He was losing relative velocity…and Dawnblade was closing fast! No…no…no I don't think so. It is not going to be that easy. He came about hard and directed Storm Runner right at Dawnblade. \"Lord I regret to inform you that we can no longer pursue Storm Runner .\" The helmsmen said. \"Why not, did that swine flee into underspace?\" Kortari demanded looking up from a holo unit he had been studying. He went pale when he saw the image on the main holoview projector. \" Hard to port evasive maneuvers! Now! \"Kortari yelled. It was too late to prevent all collision however. Dawnblade swung to the side and Storm Runner grazed its main propulsion units. \"Main engines have been disabled, perhaps permanently! Power surges are occurring all throughout the propulsion system! With all the damage we already sustained…lord Kortari, we are on a collision course for the planet.\" Hadako stated grimly. Both vessels were about to be involuntarily introduced to the planet below. ","Summary":" Summery-This story takes place roughly 625 years ago. It is a prequil side story for describing how"},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"A Line in the Sand","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6777075","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Line in the Sand My fingers barely touched the sand, Before I was surrounded. The Horus Guards, Ra's mighty servants, From my inscription I was hounded. … Ran through the streets, across the roofs, My lungs were on fire. Through crossroads and alleyways, My situation dire. … But eventually I was caught, Under a statue of our god. And thus to the naquadah mine, I was forced to plod. … Worked all through the boiling day, And the frigid night. A fate shared by many others, A universal plight. … And all this, as I reflect, For a line drawn in the sand. Ra's rule cannot go unchallenged, Someone must take a stand. ","Summary":" A Line in the Sand My fingers barely touched the sand, Before I was surrounded. The Horus Guards, R"},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"Question in silence","Author":"Shadow Priesstes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6844753","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: after watching this particular movie yesterday I got this little idea for an at least one-sided pairing… The guards bowed deep as they left the room following after the servants as they God waved his hand in a dismissing manner. Even his first prime was sent away although the man seemed reluctant in doing so, but he knew that death would be certain if he disobeyed. As the heavy doors fell shut, they sound echoing in the large chamber, turned dark eyes back to the silent figure laying still in his death inside the sarcophagus. Striding over to the cold stone coffin, his robes brushing the ground stopped the figure, gaze never leaving the body in it. Why he had decided to give the false God whom had used his name a second chance to live was beyond him, and he dearly wished that Seth would never hear about this. The fact that he couldn't answer this question himself why he would do such a thing for a mare human if he wouldn't even do it for one of his own was clearly frustrating for him. A person committing such a dreadful sin as to impose as a God should deserve death not be saved from it by said God he disrespected. Sun kissed hands trailed over cold skin, slowly regaining its old warmth, a contrast in colour between them, just like by ruler and servant, mortal and God. Once was it him whom gave these pathetic creatures the knowledge to build a civilization, without him and his kind it would those humans still live in caves. The closed eye lashes fluttered a little but stayed closed, the reviving process was running as expected. It only took him a second to find himself leaning down to that weak creature, warm lips brushing against cold ones. He would figure out what had caused him to do now again something he shouldn't have had a ground to do when the false God awakens. Pulling away made the man his was the man making his way to the large doors, only stopping for one last look at the sarcophagus and the creature slumbering in it. \"I may decide o do again something foolish and keep you at my side false God, maybe you can give me the answers for the things you cause me to commit.\" and with that pushed Ra the doors open and let them fall shut behind himself, letting the silence fall over the room. Owari ","Summary":" A/N: after watching this particular movie yesterday I got this little idea for an at least one-side"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"De-Activate Kruger","Author":"Invisible Ranger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9655001","Passage":"[Chapter 1] De-Activate Kruger by Invisible Ranger, 2013 Disclaimer: Elysium and its characters belong to their respective owners. Dedicated: To MauMauKa who encouraged this idea and gave me some great material. \"Will there be anything else, Madame Secretary?\" She was either too tired, or perhaps too distracted, to notice that someone was speaking to her until he repeated himself a third time. Dear God, these meetings are getting too long. Or could I be getting old? Jessica Delacourt blinked and acknowledged her underling. What was his name again? \"Pardon, Nguyen?\" \"Tuyet, ma'am.\" So she was right with the Vietnamese name, at least. \"I just wanted to know if the meeting were adjourned after all.\" It was late. Most of Elysium was already in sleep mode. This was the fifth, or perhaps sixth, meeting of her day; compared to some of the Armadyne contract mess, these CCB bull sessions were almost leisurely. With any luck she'd be able to get to bed by midnight EST. \"Yes. Have the minutes archived and a CC sent to President Patel.\" Not as if he would bother to read them, but it was standard protocol, and she lived and breathed protocol. Tuyet, along with the few other young undersecretaries in the room, looked nervous, like they all knew something she didn't. They looked like a bunch of children who'd been caught robbing the food production unit. \"What is it?\" Delacourt snapped. \"There is… one other item for the agenda, ma'am,\" said Tuyet, unable to look his superior in the eye. \"I meant to bring it up earlier, but seeing as it's a sensitive matter for you…\" \"Out with it!\" She wasn't sure what she wanted more: a quick end to this meeting, a cup of espresso, or sleep. Tuyet gulped. \"It's Agent Kruger, ma'am. According to our databank he is overdue for his mandatory leave by about three years.\" Delacourt laughed at this news. It wasn't a laugh filled with any sort of humor. It was the kind of laugh a condemned criminal heard before he died. It was the only kind of laugh she ever seemed capable of. Kruger. On a holiday, of all things. How is that supposed to work? Do we invite vicious dogs on holiday, or man-eating sharks? \"He wouldn't have the first idea what to do on holiday, Undersecretary. His job is a never-ending holiday. I can't think of anything he enjoys more than what he does,\" she said, laughing that mirthless laugh again. \"He is technically an employee of the Civil Cooperation Bureau, ma'am, and thus is entitled to two weeks' leave for each year of his employment,\" Tuyet pointed out. He wasn't willing to let this matter go, but then again, he'd never had the unique experience of actually meeting Kruger before. \"Let him slowly de-activate, then, for two weeks or however long he needs. I'm sure his teammates can pick up any slack,\" Delacourt suggested, aware that this might not be possible. Drake and Crowe were followers. They needed a strong leader, and they'd be simply goons without Kruger. \"I'm afraid Mr. Drake and Mr. Crowe are due the same leave periods,\" Tuyet said, consulting his digipad. Delacourt wished she had never hired such an insolent young man to work for her. \"What do you suggest? I hear Bora Bora was lovely before the sea swallowed it whole. Perhaps we could send him to what's left of Greenland?\" \"Ma'am, Elysium seems the only logical choice. I'm sure a week spent here might take the rough edges right off Mr. Kruger and his friends.\" She made a mental note to fire Tuyet when she had a chance. Then again, who knew if he were actually working for Patel? She'd have to check his files to be sure. \"When does this leave begin?\" she asked, afraid she already knew the answer. \"Immediately, ma'am. We can't continue to violate our own labor laws.\" \"Very well. De-activate Kruger…but I hold you personally responsible for any of his actions, Undersecretary.\" The smoky smell of the braai made his mouth water. The fact that the spitted meat was, in fact, the late poodle of some poor smuggler's wife? It didn't really matter to him. Meat was meat. Kruger stood on the rooftop of a shanty, long sword in one hand and a barbecue fork in the other. A ragged apron that incongruously read \"Kiss the Cook\" was tied about his waist along with half a dozen deadly weapons of various sizes. The sun was low on the horizon, just a dimly glowing orange ball through the thick smog. His day had been almost boring. A couple of illegally modified ships, each carrying only a few passengers, blown out of the sky. Too easy. One very unlucky chop-shop guy whom he'd flayed to pieces with his knives. And the dead poodle's owner, who'd screamed for mercy before he finally finished her. She'd deserved to die just for having such a stupid-looking dog. Kruger knew he'd enjoy eating the little rat. Crowe and Drake were somewhere. He'd sent them out for some more dop . They'd already drunk their way through a few bottles, but they somehow always knew where to find more. He almost didn't hear his comlink beeping over the sizzling of the meat. When he saw where the message was coming from, he frowned. What would they want at this hour? \"Howzit, my china?\" he slurred into the device. \"Agent Kruger? Can you hear me?\" The voice was a young man, some domkop he didn't know. \" Ja. What'ya want, anyway?\" \"Secretary Delacourt's orders are for you and your men to report immediately to Elysium for your mandatory personal leave.\" Kruger thought about this for a moment. He'd only ever been up there a few times for rearmament and biorepairs, and never more than a few hours. \" Izit, bra ?\" \"We'll await your ship at docking station D-9. You are cleared for two weeks of leave. Tuyet out.\" The comlink clicked off. Kruger grinned. He didn't know much about life up on the Grootwiel , but he did know they had all the braai a man could eat. And all the poes . Not like the ugly, diseased ones down here. He was going to enjoy himself. He must have looked really demented, because when Crowe and Drake arrived back a couple minutes later, they exchanged a nervous glance. \"What is it, baas ?\" asked Drake. \"We're headed up there, okes. Two whole fokkin' weeks, eh?\" The three of them whooped, the thoughts of gorging themselves on roast poodle and witblitz all but forgotten. They were going to the Grootwiel . Up there it was one big party, and they were invited. \"Get the Raven ready. We're going to have ourselves a real jol , eh?\" To Be Concluded![Chapter 2] The Next Morning… Kruger stepped out onto the landing platform, followed by Crowe and Drake. The first thing that always struck him about the Grootwiel was how it smelled. It didn't reek of smog and sewage and rot the way Earth did. His enhanced senses detected traces of palm, lavender, swimming pool chlorine, and, somewhere, the unmistakable scent of roasting meat. Prime beef, if he wasn't mistaken. \"Mr…Kruger, I presume?\" The kid facing him, a young Asian dressed in the white suit all Elysium admins wore, looked absolutely ready to shit his pants. He stood a good twenty feet back and, even backed by two security droids, seemed torn between forced politeness and complete terror. \"Howzit! Ag, man, good to be here!\" \"I…I'd like to welcome you to Elysium.\" The young man's eyes flicked to the multitude of weapons Kruger wore strapped to his body. \"I'd also like to apologize on behalf of Secretary Delacourt that she couldn't meet you in person, but she left this message for you.\" He pressed a button and Delacourt's holo-image appeared. \" Bienvenue and greetings, Agents Kruger, Crowe, and Drake. We hope you will enjoy your leave here on Elysium. A few rules and regulations must be adhered to for your safety. Please keep in mind only official security personnel may use weapons…\" The three of them snorted in unison. Like that was going to happen. \"…and you are guests. We want your stay to be a relaxing one, and please know that our ways are very different from those you know below on Earth. Your villa is in sector 7-3 and everything you will possibly need has been provided…\" Crowe and Drake shared a grin. Everything meant everything up here. \"…should you need anything, use your comlinks or the holoscreens in your villa. Once again, enjoy your stay…\" Kruger drew his sword and immediately looked around, ignoring the rest of Delacourt's message. \"So, boykie , who needs it up here?\" \"Needs what? We want for nothing here on Elysium.\" He laughed maniacally. \"C'mon, bru, you must have someone you need gone. That's why you brought me and my men here, ne ?\" The young man seemed more confused than ever. \"No, Agent Kruger, we have no criminals or smugglers or undesirables here. Your mission is simply to relax. Enjoy yourself! Your villa has a pool, a garden, and a library of over three million holofilms, I believe, and…what? What's the matter?\" He sheathed his katana and walked away, muttering darkly in Afrikaans under his breath. How much fun could it be if absolutely no one needed to be slaughtered, shot, or hunted down like a dog? \"Two syllables?\" Crowe nodded and proceeded to leap up and down. \"Springbok?\" \"Ag, man, how do you always know ?\" Along with his other senses, Kruger's mind had been enhanced. But now, he was simply bored, and starting to twitch. They'd been playing charades…charades!... for the past twenty minutes. Before that, Crowe had dug out the considerable contents of the villa's liquor closet and Drake had stumbled upon the previous occupant's stash of holoporn, which had been good for maybe half an hour. Beyond that, they were forced to find new entertainment. It was, by any measure, a lovely day. The sun shone brightly through the artificially blue sky, and the weather was preset to a perfect 22 degrees. The three of them had stripped down to their shorts, unused to such luxury. Their armor and weapons lay on a tangled heap atop the pristine white couch in the cavernous living room. Kruger sat at the bench of a grand piano, holding a near-empty bottle of Scotch in one hand and plinking out \"Jan Pierewiet\" with the other. He and boredom did not mix well. \"This is more morne than watching broken droids play rugby, eh?\" said Crowe. \"What the bloody hell do they do up here all day?\" agreed Drake. Kruger smashed the empty bottle against the piano, making a sproink! sound. Crowe and Drake, drunk though they were, flinched. \"I say we go visit those fancy rooineks next door, eh? Smells like they got some good braai . Probably wouldn't mind extra company,\" Kruger suggested, a wicked grin on his face. \"I'm getting hungry.\" They bolted for the door, all thoughts of charades forgotten. \"This champagne is splendid, Eloise. Wherever did you get it?\" Madame Eloise Fleury, the host of the party and owner of the sprawling villa, never got to answer her guest's question. In fact, she dropped the bottle in shock when she saw the three burly, hairy men, clad only in shorts, running across her lawn and laughing crazily. \"What on Elysium …\" Her other guests, all fifty of them, must have seen them too, because the chatter died down at once. The orchestra, who'd been playing Mozart, ground to an abrupt halt. Everyone started in open horror as the three pulled up, panting. \"Oi! Where d'ya keep yer dop ?\" Kruger shouted, helping himself to a handful of delicate finger sandwiches on a silver platter. One of the guests wordlessly pointed to an elegant champagne fountain with a carved ice swan. Kruger submerged his shaggy head and gulped. \"Not bad. Sort of bubbly, eh?\" he said when he pulled out, and belched loudly. \" Baas, look, they got biltong !\" Crowe shoved some of the meat in his mouth, ignoring a party guest's gentle protest that the meat (which was actually synthesized bison) cost well over three hundred credits per ounce. \"I wonder if those med-pods they got can cure babbelas ? Or the klap ?\" Drake wondered, his words slurring. \"Why not find out? We're fokkin' guests !\" Kruger speared a large prawn on the tip of his katana, which he'd refused to leave behind. \"Play some lekker music, boys,\" he told the band, which, not sure what to make of this strange intruder, struck up a lively tune. \"Did you invite them?\" the champagne man asked Eloise under his breath. \"Certainly not. I wonder if this is some sort of drill? I'll ask the Secretary,\" Eloise muttered, and pushed her comlink discreetly. \"Get me Secretary Delacourt…she'll know who I am.\" The meeting droned on and on. When Tuyet interrupted this time, Delacourt was almost relieved. Almost. \"What is it?\" she asked as the visiting Armadyne executive glowered from across the table. \"It's a Mme. Fleury, Secretary. She said it's urgent.\" Though there were less than five thousand citizens of Elysim, she hardly knew them all by name. \"Who?\" Delacourt said. \"She said she went to the lycee with you.\" Ah, that Fleury. Her name used to be Thiebault and she was always a simpering idiot whose father just happened to be rich. \"Is there a problem, Secretary Delacourt?\" the humorless Armadyne rep asked, eager to get on with the business of the day. She smiled at him. \"Certainly not. Please continue, Mr. Seifert.\" To Tuyet, under her breath, she added, \"Tell Eloise she can wait.\" To Be Concluded in Part 3![Chapter 3] \" O bring my trug na die ou Transvaal …\" Kruger sang loudly and off-key, finishing the line with a thunderous belch. Crowe had wandered onto the dance floor and was drunkenly twirling a horrified-looking woman in his arms. \"You got any more'a that lekker cream?\" he asked, stumbling over to the buffet table and picking up his seventh glass of champagne. When he tried to drink it, he missed, sending it flying over one shoulder into the face of a tuxedoed man. Crowe started giggling like a little girl and dropped his dance partner. The party guests, either too shocked or too frightened to leave, stood in a huddled cluster off to one side. These men had, in the course of twenty minutes, drunk almost all their champagne, engaged in something they called a \"baffing contest,\" and relieved themselves on the manicured lawn. They were crude, lewd, and socially unacceptable creatures in the eyes of someone like Eloise. But one of them was also carrying a long sword, so she thought it best to pretend she was having a good time. \"Wanna see what a real man looks like, maisie ?\" Kruger asked, rubbing up against her like a cat. She had to admit, in some strange way, she did. Her husband, one of the many faceless junior admins on Elysium, was a pale, fragile creature. This man was well-muscled, hairy, and stank like some wild animal. In short he was everything she secretly thought about at night when Claude was still at the office. Before she could give him her answer, though, Crowe pointed at something off in the distance. \"Oi! Look, bru!\" A figure, a woman, a very ugly woman, tottered across the grass. She was naked save for a flimsy medical gown and slippers. Kruger momentarily forgot about Eloise. The new arrival was pale, scarless, like she'd just been bioreplaced. Then he noticed the eyes and started to laugh like a demented hyena. \"Ai, Drakey, what happened to you ?\" He, who was now definitely a she, clutched at the flimsy gown. \"So I went in for a spell in one of them med-pods, thought I'd get rid of my klap , you know how that stuff itches and all and, well, I think something went a bit wrong, ne ?\" Crowe snorted. \"I think 'e looks better with a poes than 'e ever did with a piel, eh?\" The two of them fell to the ground in hysterics. \"Check out die lekker anties! \" \" Hou jou bek ! I feel like a complete arse,\" Drake admitted, blushing under his new skin. \"I get first dibs breakin' her cherry,\" Kruger said. \"Y'want it under the trees or maybe in the pool?\" \"I don't want it bloody anywhere! I just want to be a chappie again!\" Now he was really blushing. While the three of them squabbled, Eloise seized her opportunity. She pressed a code into her comlink that she'd specifically been told never to use. Claude would get it and relay it to the highest possible authority. Champagne was not cheap. And neither was her reputation as a good hostess. \"What is it, Undersecretary?\" \"It's a Code Nine, Madame Secretary. From sector 7-3?\" Tuyet seemed more nervous than ever. Delacourt scowled. \"Send a security team.\" \"We've tried. They're not answering. We think…somehow they've been disabled.\" There was only one man who knew that particular trick. And he was here. He was supposed to be on bloody holiday. \"Get my shuttle ready. And, Undersecretary?\" Tuyet gulped. \"Yes?\" \"I want your resignation in hand by tomorrow morning.\" Fifty-odd people were playing croquet. It wasn't the usual kind of civilized Elysium croquet game. It had taken a good deal of swearing in Afrikaans, a few threatening gestures by Kruger's sword, and the even direr threat of seeing Drake naked to get the game going. Seeing as Kruger had already whacked the wooden balls halfway into orbit, he'd improvised with the severed heads of some of the capering cloned squirrels on the grounds. \"So, Monsieur Kruger, tell me a bit about your job,\" Eloise said nervously, sending a squirrel head spinning off to one side. She was one of the only guests who'd had the nerve to speak. He thought about it, belched, then answered. \"It's befok , really. Lots of killing and violent deaths and all. Y'know, life couldn't really be any better.\" He grinned at her. \"Oh.\" She picked up the hem of her party gown and tapped at another head. \"Do you get bio-insurance with that?\" Drake had gotten bored with the game and was flashing a group of young women. \"Don't you know you want it, bokkie ?\" \"Oi, Drakey! Yer a maisie , remember?\" teased Crowe. \"Right.\" He covered himself again. Kruger was as happy as he could remember being in a long time. He had two more weeks of this to look forward to. He only hoped they wouldn't run out of champagne or those lekker little cakes with the cream before then. \"Can't this damned thing go any faster?\" The Elysium monorail was fast, perhaps 150 kilometers per hour, and Delacourt had never felt it go slower. Sector 7-3 could have been on Earth for all the good it was doing her now. Like everything else in this place, Kruger quickly tired of croquet, even if it involved hacking at severed animal heads. He had retreated to the enormous pool, champagne in one hand and katana in the other. This place was beautiful and tranquil and even smelled of something other than garbage and rot. In short, it was everything Earth wasn't. This was where the ones with money came when they wanted to escape the horrors below. This was where no one ever got sick or old or useless. It was, as its name suggested, a kind of paradise. It was boring as pap, really. No one needed to be killed (well, except for the squirrels) and there weren't even the usual skimmers to shoot down from the sky. Even the weather stayed dully constant. \"Hey, baas , I think I got a date,\" Drake called out to him. He'd found some awful feathery number of Eloise's to wear, and it made him even more conspicuous than the hospital gown. \"And it's me. I figure he'll have to go out with me since I've seen 'im naked. As a girl, I mean,\" added Crowe. \"Aren't you two missing something?\" Kruger said. They looked stupidly at him. \"Like, a cozzie or summat?\" Before he could tell them what it was, someone else approached the pool. She was alone, appeared to be unarmed, and wore a stern expression. He knew her from somewhere, though where that was it was hard to say because of all the champagne he'd consumed. Kruger decided to wait for her to speak. \"Agent Kruger, what have you been doing here?\" Then it hit him. \"Look, okes, they sent me a stripper! And she looks just like that tight poes Delacourt, eh?\" Before she could react, he jumped up out of the pool, and his lips were on hers. He tasted of champagne and sweat and pure testosterone. It was the first kiss of any kind she'd had in a very long time. She let him. \"Secretary Delacourt, what is the meaning of this?\" The kiss broke abruptly and she found herself face to face with a very annoyed-looking President Patel and his personal guards. His hovercraft floated like a wraith above Eloise's mansion. \"Mr. President! I'm afraid I…wasn't expecting your visit,\" she said, aware of how stupid she sounded. She'd just been caught red-handed; how would she explain this? \"I've been called out of a Level 4 security meeting to deal with your indiscretions. I hope you have a very, very good explanation for this.\" \"He was about to fok the old bag?\" suggested Drake a bit too loudly. \"Shut up, Drakey,\" Crowe said from the corner of his mouth. Delacourt looked at Patel, who looked at Kruger, who belched again. Everyone was at a loss for words either from anger or shame or pure drunkenness. \"Please, Mr. President, let me explain.\" It was Tuyet. Delacourt forced down a bit of absurd laughter. What was he doing here after she'd already dismissed him? Was he a spy after all? \"Young man, we were in the middle of a…\" \"…long overdue high security drill,\" finished Tuyet smoothly. \"I'm surprised it's not obvious.\" \"Of course. We couldn't notify you, or anyone else, because it was…\" \"Secret.\" Delacourt could have sworn Tuyet winked at her as he completed her sentence. Patel still looked vexed. \"That doesn't explain what these mercenaries are doing here. One of my employees told me his lawn was, um, defiled this afternoon.\" Tuyet was circling behind Kruger, Crowe and Drake as Delacourt quickly made up a story she knew her boss would believe. \"In the extremely unlikely event that illegals ever breached our perimeter, sir, these three seemed the best possible simulation without the real thing,\" she said smoothly. \"Y'bring any more beer, mate?\" Kruger said with a loud hiccup. \"You see? Just like the rabble, without the risk. Agent Kruger is under my direct control. De-activate; security test complete.\" What she didn't notice was the quick, almost unnoticeable thrust of a stunner Tuyet gave first to Kruger, then to Crowe and the feminized Drake. Whatever he had been taught at the academy was useful, because the three mercenaries tumbled to the concrete floor, harmless as kittens. \"I've been summoned out of my daily security briefing for a drill ?\" roared Patel. \"A very overdue, drill, sir,\" said Delacourt in as sheepish a voice as hers ever got. \"Please, Secretary Delacourt, don't waste my time like that again unless it is a real emergency. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have business to finish this afternoon. Carry on.\" The President turned on his heels and ascended to the hovercraft. As quickly as he had come, he was gone. A few of the guests had wandered in, having watched the whole surreal scene from the veranda. \"Is he…unconscious?\" Eloise whispered, nudging Kruger's prone form with one toe. \"Yes, Eloise. He won't be bothering you anymore.\" Delacourt was reminded of how much she hated this woman and her little-girl voice. \"What about damages, Madame Secretary? He drank all our Clicqot…\" \"…smashed our ice sculptures…\" \"…relieved himself, dear God, on the front lawn…\" Delacourt held up her hands. She had solved one problem only to find herself with a dozen more. She was about to suggest to Eloise that she file a claim through the Office of Defense when Tuyet spoke up again. \"Of course we'll compensate you, Madame. We never intended for this drill to go quite so, ahem, awry,\" he said, taking Delacourt by the arm as he did so and leading her poolside. \"I hope you have a very good explanation, Undersecretary, and I hope that it is less than ten words.\" She felt the color rising to her cheeks. \"Remember the Transvaal Free State?\" She stopped in mid-stride. That place, in the former South Africa, was where Kruger had been born and bred. It was, like most of Earth, now a scorched wasteland filled with shanties, drug traffickers, and weapons dealers. \"What about it?\" \"Seems they're having problems with the Nigerian faction again and they called just now. They want their boy back, Secretary.\" \"For how long?\" She thought she already knew. \"Two weeks, they think.\" Delacourt was practically grinning, though she never actually grinned. \"And did they pay up-front?\" It was Tuyet's turn to look proud. \"They always do. They paid double since we send the best.\" She looked down at Kruger and his men, who were no doubt dreaming of rocket launchers and maimed bodies. They'd be in their own personal paradise for this mission. The Nigerians wouldn't stand a chance, and she'd be getting a fat bonus on the side as she always did for Kruger's work. \"Undersecretary?\" \"Yes, ma'am?\" \"Remind me to give you a raise…\" \"Where are we, man?\" \" Ai , this is the worst babbelas ever!\" Kruger opened his eyes. A sky choked with smog and dull brown dust. The smell of decay and fetid meat left too long in the sun. Somewhere, in the distance, the unmistakable chatter of gunfire. The burned-out husk of an old truck at the side of a road. His body, he saw, was clad in full battle gear. When he reached for his sword hilt, it was where he always kept it. How did I get here? Was there something in the champagne? If it really was a hangover, it was an interesting one, because he knew this place. Nobody had to tell him or show him a holomap. He was home . Crowe flanked him on the right, and Drake, thankfully returned to his masculine state, stood on the left. Each held a Cousar in his arms and wore a predatory smile. \"Oi, look, men, we're home!\" The comlink in his ear buzzed. A woman's voice spoke the two magic words: Activate Kruger . As the data download commenced, Kruger couldn't help but smile. These were going to be a fun couple of weeks. Fini Stay tuned for more, including a Kruger origin story in the works! ","Summary":" De-Activate Kruger by Invisible Ranger, 2013 Disclaimer: Elysium and its characters belong to their"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"A Boy Named Max I","Author":"Jutsu-King","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9644825","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There is no such thing as race. Not for me there's not. There are only two major distinctions that separates us human beings, and that's the haves and have nots. The upper worlders vs. the lower worlders like me. It's basically Rich versus poor however you want to call it. It's always been this way; we just like to use terms like race, class and what not to dance around the fact. I learned this lesson at a very young age when I lived in the orphanage. I saw so much suffering and I wondered why God would let that happen. Then it dawned on me that he had done something when he gave us free will. In turn we human beings created the mess we find ourselves in. Constant wars and battles have scarred the world beyond recognition. Most of our air is polluted beyond belief, and pretty much everyone living down here is battling with some ailment or the other. The rich seeing that the Earth cannot be salvaged devised a means to get off the planet and live 'peacefully' away from the masses and miscreants. Their solution was to create their own colony in the stars. Elysium has it is called, is a floating satellite/Utopia/Metal piece of majesty above our world. I have never been there but I can only describe it from what others have told me. Though, considering I have never met anyone rich enough to reside up there, I wonder how accurate this information is. Supposedly the smallest house on Elysium is as big as a full scale grocery store. Complete with lawns, yards, swimming pools and what have you. The richer you are, the more elaborate your abode is. It was supposedly designed by the greatest minds in technology, architecture and engineering. It amazes me how it stays afloat, drifting ever so close to the Earth but never losing its ability to swim through space. Many of the rich people in Elysium still have businesses on Earth, and once in a while have to make visits down here to check up on their 'assets'. It is probably why Elysium is stationed so close to us. What's the point of moving away if you can't drop in whenever you want? Regardless, I have always dreamed of going up there. I remember Frey and I would sit on the fence, look up at Elysium in the distance and plot how we would get there. I swore to her that we'd go someday; unfortunately my desire to get us there pretty much destroyed our relationship. She was more grounded whilst I was the dreamer. She believed in living according to our means, I wanted to escape my social status so bad. When I started straying, mixing with guys who I felt could get me what I wanted (which mostly boiled down to two one-way tickets to Elysium), Frey revolted. She who had stayed loyal to me for so long tried her best to get me on the straight and narrow path. She didn't want to go to Elysium, not at the cost of our souls. I was too stubborn to heed her calls, solely focused on finding ways to get off this smog infested world of ours. It wasn't until she moved away that it finally hit me. My single minded goal to escape Earth had pushed away the most important person in my life. Unfortunately Frey leaving me simply pushed me down the spiral to disaster. Perhaps if she had stayed, there would have been some restrain on my path, but all that is in the past now. I fully take responsibility for my actions; every tattoo on this scarred body is a reminder of that. You make choices, you live with the results. Sure, I have met a ton of shitty people, but they never put a gun to my head…actually, I think I might have erred on that, there was that one time Julio did put a gun to my head…but I digress, that's a story for another day. I was always a troublesome little lad, and as much as the nuns tried to get me to walk the straight path, I always ended up finding the unpaved route. There was always a knack to break rules, to circumvent the system and to find loopholes were others hadn't. In retrospect, I think that's what made Julio take a liking to me. We were similar in certain ways, but I like to think I still have some scruples in this thick skull of mine; his was probably ejected out his backside a long time ago. It was this pig headed way of mine that led me to my first heist. I remember it like yesterday, probably because I almost lost my life that night. Such memories stick with you like bad odor on a hot African day.[Chapter 2] It was meant to be an easy heist, orchestrated by a suave African with the dubious name of Chico. I was only 15 then, but this was my first introduction to what would turn out to be a long line of mistakes and crimes. I had grown tired of following the nun's goodie two shoe ways and I needed some other challenge. Every kid at some point has a rebellious streak in them or so I like to tell myself. Mine had been pent up for so long; I needed a way to break free from the constraints of the authority figures in my life. I ventured farther and farther from their straight laced ways until I started moving with the more dubious members of our society. Chico I had seen around school. He was the older kid that hung around, who no one saw in class but somehow knew he belonged. He had a thick accent and was quite lousy, but he wore the finest clothes and the hottest women in school hung around him. Frey hated him and always warned me about hanging around such people, but I was too stubborn to heed her call. I wanted the things he had, he led the glamorous life that had escaped me for so long. Chico took a liking to me and enticed me with the shiny things he had. Soon we struck up a friendship which was probably the worst decision I could have made back then. Young, impatient and stupid, how could I not have expected the union to be a disaster? Anyways, Chico somehow convinced me to come along on one of his 'shopping trips'. He convinced me nothing could go wrong and would give me half of the spoils. I was reluctant at first, I still had some reservations about the type of life I was about to live. I didn't want to hurt Frey or the nuns, but I also realized whatever I made could make a difference in our lives. We were struggling to keep the orphanage afloat, and many of the older kids like me had gone to find jobs to lessen the burden on the nuns. According to Chico, this was a quick 'in n out' job. We would break into a spare parts shop, disable the alarms system, and make off with a bunch of parts that we would sell elsewhere. He promised no harm would befall either of us. I bought into it hook line and sinker. Any crook worth his ilk would tell you, the last thing you want in this type of work is naivety, I was about to find this out the hard way. The shop was located atop a hillside in a neighborhood that looked like it was once an industrial powerhouse. Abandoned warehouses and factories were strewn all around. Evidence of a period where this section of the city saw thousands daily, doing their part in powering the economy. Now it'd be lucky if it saw 50 people a week. I must admit, I felt guilty as we approached the shop. These folks were probably hard working people trying to make a living despite the economic turmoil surrounding them. We were about to go in and make things harder for them. This was no robin hood type situation, what we were doing was taken from the poor and making them poorer. I shelved those thoughts quickly, justifying my actions by rationalizing that I'd be doing some good with whatever money I made from the heist. At such a young age I was already good at creating excuses that made me overlook my mishaps.[Chapter 3] It was a moonless night. An ink black color enveloped the sky, perhaps a sign to aid us in the events that were about to unfurl. Chico drove his old Eclipse, a car that had seen better days, yet responded to his touch like some old trusty companion. It was him, a friend of his and me in the car. We all wore dark clothes, doing our best not to draw any attention to ourselves. With how dark it was, that part of the plan was covered to perfection. We parked some ways off from the shop but not too far enough to make getting away tough. Chico's friend apparently had enhanced vision surgery and zooming in on the shop would be no problem for him. If anyone showed up, he was to contact Chico immediately. We were to go in, grab as much as we could in a matter of minutes and get out. Simple enough I thought, we'd be long gone before anyone knew the place had been burgled. I should have known it was a cursed night when the car sputtered on the hill that lead up to the store. Cussing in a language I had never heard before, Chico was able to spur the car on, avoiding what could have been a very embarrassing moment. I do recall thinking to myself, what would happen if we were trying to get away and the car did the same. My nerves were probably on edge already, that would definitely have tipped them over. Needless to say, we maneuvered into a side street, where Chico's friend immediately wrangled himself to the top of a nearby rooftop to act as lookout. Chico got out of his car and handed me a baseball bat. \"Don't hesitate to use it if things get hairy.\" I nodded, hoping that wouldn't be the case. It was a short walk to the store, sticking to the shadows to avoid being spotted. Wouldn't have mattered though, the area was desolate, there was no sign of life around. There were tons of beat down cars, probably salvaged to create spare parts of some kind. It wouldn't have surprised me if a lot of them were stolen, but since I had no way of confirming that, I can only speculate. The entrance to the store was heavily fortified with some type of wrought iron gate. We'd need some type of specialized saw to cut through those. Either that or chuck a bomb at it and hope it did the job. There was a key code panel by the side but judging from the way Chico was surveying the building, it was clear he didn't have the tools to break in. He walked around the building, I followed. He kept 'hmmming' as he studied the schematics, and after going round the building once he stopped. \"Chali,\" he drawled in that thick accent of his, \"it seems you will have to climb in the window and let me in from the inside.\" I didn't think anything of his suggestion. I was probably more nimble than he was and would rather go through that hassle than calling attention by fiddling with the key code access at the front. Carefully, I walked to the side where Chico pointed upwards. Indeed there was a window opened slightly, but I would need some help getting up there. He squatted and put his palms together. I stepped on them, instantly hearing a groan, but I was too focused on the task at hand to pay much attention. Chico hoisted me up, I latching onto the ledge immediately. I looked up and saw that with a slight push I could get the window to open upwards. It took some effort but I got it done. I lifted myself up and clambered onto the ledge. I didn't know what was waiting for me below. It was too dark in the building. The last thing I wanted was a broken foot. \"Watchu waiting for?\" I heard Chico say from below. I had no choice but to jump in, hoping I didn't regret it. I landed with a thud and looked around immediately. My eyes took a moment or two to adjust to the darkness. There had to be a light switch somewhere. I had only gone a few feet when I heard a menacing growl. I froze on the spot, hoping my mind was playing tricks on me. ","Summary":" There is no such thing as race. Not for me there's not. There are only two major distinctions that "},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"Far From Abydos Stargate","Author":"TasTygerGal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12280405","Passage":"[Chapter 1] DISCLAIMER: I do not own anything from Stargate! I own Ahmes, but I do not own her as a species from the Stargate franchise…if that makes sense. Also do not take any Abydonian translations as fact, I have probably got them completely wrong but hopefully I have the gist of most of it~ Ra is a bit OOC, but try to roll with it? xoxo FAR FROM ABYDOS ! ~ Stargate ~ ! Kasuf and Ahmes, speaking of the mining progress being slower than normal, halted in their vocal exchange as Kasuf's son, Skaara, came running and yelling over the sand about the God sending his spirits to them. Ahmes, a young girl of ten years with skin darker than the face shield of their God, was not so sure of this despite Kasuf beginning to panic that He would not be happy with them. Every year He would return exactly and stay for seven of their sun rises but Ahmes would be given warning first with the medallion, given as a gift before leaving her on Abydos for the first time. It would grow and fade in a strange yellow light until He arrived before her. She silenced Kasuf from his panicking with few words and told him to hold himself with dignity. All the people around her were miners for Him, extracting a metal which He made into weapons and structures on His other worlds. Despite the fact that she dressed as they did and not in the proper garments He gave her, Ahmes was the only one aside from Kasuf and even then that was null when He returned to this world. Ahmes' high-pitched voice gave more words to the Abydonian people around her, obeying immediately and moving quickly. They may be disappointed that she dressed as the Abydonians did, similar to His thoughts when Kasuf confessed that she did not wear what He ahd given, but she would do so with the dignity of His daughter. Skaara lead them towards the travelers, the closer they got the more people Ahmes saw bowing to the, and Nabeh holding onto him and flapping his free hand to Ahmes. She didn't know if this was to make her hurry or a request to hold her hand, as he sometimes did when she made attempts to keep herself separate from the rest of the Abydonians. His mind was slow but his intentions were never malicious always being kind and treating her as he does everyone else. Nabeh became a very precious person to her because of this; he had managed to worm his way into her heart becoming a dear friend despite Him striking fear in Nabeh with only a single glance. But Nabeh's treatment of her gave Him no trouble of mind towards the boy's intentions and He was assured after only one minor occasion that Nabeh would be sure to protect Ahmes to the best of his abilities. Laying her eyes on the beings Skaara had thought were His messengers Ahmes became very confused. They were certainly not His messengers or soldiers, they didn't wear the garments, head shields or carry weaponry that was typical of them. And He never had that shade of green on His Jaffa, He thought it unsightly for an odd reason Ahmes was unsure of. Skaara took a light hold of one of Ahmes' hands, breaking her thoughts and shedding her face of the confused expression she had. Her brown eyes looked to him, the sun shining in them showed the yellow flecks in her iris' that He had told her were like precious gold. He whispered to her while his father Kasuf made interaction with the newcomers, telling her that one of them wore His sign on a small place around his neck. Kasuf called for his people to rise after politely introducing himself the travelers, then requesting the water women to bring carriers to the men. Ahmes kept an eye on Sha're in case the travelers made untoward interactions to the women. One man, who did not wear an odd headdress and grew hair like the colour of the sand around them, interacted with Kasuf. He spoke with the man on his right who held himself like a First Prime and then back to Kasuf, offering something from within his garments. Kasuf respectfully called for her and she moved forwards, letting go of Skaara's warm hand, between the taller, older Abydonians to stand beside the village leader. \"Why did he call to a child?\" Kowalsky asked. He eyed the young girl with dark skin and the same headdress as the water women. \"I think she is a woman of status,\" Daniel told him. \"They give her space, avoid eye contact and had low posture. She dresses like them but that might be to blend in or something. Not a popular idea or a good one in our ancient Egyptian culture.\" The traveler offered the item to her also. Ahmes' eyes widened at what it looked like. She turned her body away from him with wide eyes in a show of disagreement until the traveler at some of the item himself. He made an approving sound and then offered it back to Kasuf. The old man took it and copied the newcomer's actions, smelling the item then eating it, surprised that something that looked very much like excrement tasted delicious and like nothing he had ever had before. Kasuf told Ahmes that it was food, a grin within his white beard as he offered it to the girl to try. Ahmes was still suspicious but trusted the old man who housed her while He had her hidden on this world. The taste that erupted in her mouth caused it to fill with water. She had never once had anything like this in her mouth, not even when He had been feeding her the most delicious foods among the stars from all of His worlds. Ahmes nodded to Kasuf and he offer the travelers to come with them to their home. The travelers spoke amongst themselves in the same tongue that neither her nor the people of Abydos spoke. The man with the sand hair spoke with the leader, whom Ahmes deduced was the one on the right who had the big black eyes, made the same motion that Kasuf had made. Ahmes whispered to Kasuf that they were trying to understand what he had been saying to them. As everyone in the mining area began to move off with their goods, Ahmes moved from her place near the Abydos leader and to the outstretched arm of his daughter, Sha're. They turned back to looked at the travelers and were grateful they followed and what Kasuf had requested did not get lost in translation. \"Are they His?\" Sha're whispered to the younger female. \"I do not know,\" Ahmes confessed. She didn't want to scare the woman whom had become a comrade to her. \"He is at war with other worlds so this could be a disguise for his soldiers. It could be a test also. He has not had one for the people in some time.\" \"What if we failed? Will He take you away?\" Sha're asked, scared for her people with the various ideas about what He would do to punish them again. \"Unless He arrives and says you have failed then do not assume,\" Ahmes told Sha're. Her voice had a finality in the tone and Sha're did not push for further insight into His decision should this prove to be a test. Ahmes dug into the tawny cloth she wore and managed to sneak a peak at the medallion without anyone seeing. The coloured portion of the jewelry did not glow as it did before, maintaining its silence through the absence of His presence. These men did not come to this world on His orders. They were from somewhere else but Ahmes did not think they posed a threat to her hidden position. They could very well be from a world protected by the enemies of Him, as He and the others like Him did not permit societies on their worlds to advance to the point the travelers seemed to appear to be at. They all held disappointment in their minds; her gift of insight probing into the travelers gave her a little information on each. The man that interacted most was curious and excited even though the Abydos culture seemed primitive. Two of the others were slightly curious but were unfortunately much more disappointed in their surroundings; Ahmes presumed this was due to some reason of how they managed to get to this world. And the last held a deep, fresh wound within his mind and body, though Ahmes could not see any physical wound she was determined to heal it. If she induced her heart to beat quickly as it did before she would be able to give him her Healing Touch, as Skaara had called it once. She was able to heal all wounds small and great with a single touch if her heart was beating quickly enough. She had saved Skaara in such a way before, when she had first been placed in the protection of the Abydonians. Ahmes and Sha're jumped when the curious one made a loud noise after Kasuf had shown the travelers their home. He made it again and took out a white cloth, pressing his face into it. Neither female knew what had come onto the man but he managed to handle it on his own. Ahmes heard Sha're laugh at him when the large group of boys followed closely behind, Nabeh grabbing hold of the traveler's cloth and looking at it as if it were the most godly item in the world. The wounded one shook his head and sighed. Ahmes was curious now once she felt anger rise in him also. A quick grasp on Sha're's arm and the young girl moved to walk beside the man. She tapped his arm at a short distance in case he lashed out as a Jaffa had done once when she was much smaller, he was no longer breathing after that day, and smiled at him when his blue eyes turned with his head to look at her. He gave an awkward smile back and Ahmes hastened her pace to walk at his own beside him. \"Ahmes,\" she revealed her name to him patting her chest. He knitted his eyebrows together in confusion and Ahmes pointed to herself instead then repeated her name to him. He called out to the curious one who responded loudly, apparently clearing up the miscommunication and gave his name to Ahmes. \"O'Neill,\" he said loud and slow. Ahmes repeated his name while pointing him, getting a smile and nod from O'Neill in return. He had done that when she answered a question correctly during her stay with Him before He hid her with the people of this world. Ahmes gave a big, bright smile to him in return and even gave a laugh to him, a quirk of hers when she realised she had done something right and was excited about her intellectual triumph. O'Neill was distracted for only a few moments by the apparent native girl and managed to stumble on a weed bunch in the sand. He caught himself before falling in the sand but was helped by the girl beside him. She took his hand with a smile and spoke to him in the indigenous language. He figured she was telling him something comforting about tripping on the plant because she turned and poked her tongue out to it before concentrating in front of her. She felt his fingers were rough and his hands strong, like that of Jaffa who worked hard in craft and trained under Him to assume a position in the standing armies of their worlds. Ahmes continued to hold O'Neill's hand in her own when they entered Nagada through the large doors that gave entrance past the wall. She spoke his name again, gaining his attention, and pointed upwards. He followed her direction looking away from the new people around him and up to the people converging on the bridges that connected the higher levels of the structures built by stone. Kasuf had hurried up onto the podium and called out to everyone, turning with his arms spread wide. Ahmes followed the actions of everyone else, bowing as the cloth that hid the shield of His eye rose to reveal it to the travelers. She didn't need to do this and would often not, instead chanting out a prayer for whichever event or time of day it was. The curious one and the wounded one spoke for a few moments before a word she recognised came from their voice. \"Ra,\" the curious one asked, pointing to the shield. Ahmes rose from her bow and asked him in the Abydos tongue how he knew of Ra just as the horn blew for the sandstorm. They were powerful and dangerous and had the worst timing. Wherever the travelers came from they could not return to it now; they would have to wait for the storm to pass but they did not seem to understand that. Ahmes felt panic enter all four of their minds. The gates were closed and barricaded, desperation touching Ahmes from the travelers now. Abydonians were pushed out of the way and one traveler held one in a constricting hold, the wounded one held out the black item Ahmes had seen him hold away and sparks flew out hitting the ground at the feet of the people. They screamed and Ahmes was pulled back behind a large group of the Abydonians, protecting her as He had commanded years back and every year since. Kasuf asked them to stop, telling them of the storm but the language barrier got in the way again. Ahmes cursed the many languages of His worlds. The old man seemed to suddenly remember her and began asked for the girl while Skaara slowly attempted to explain in few words the situation. \"Storm,\" he said, his body open and defenseless. \"There is a storm. Come see. Come see. Come see.\" Ahmes moved through the people avoiding their hands by some miracle and was stopped by Kasuf, whose aged hands manage to hold onto her strongly. They watched as Skaara took the leader higher to see the storm approaching from the wall. It was a few moments more before O'Neill spoke down to the other travelers and the held Abydonians were released. Both Abydos leader and girl sighed in relief that Skaara had managed to get the traveler to understand what was going on. The curious one approached and repeated the word storm, Ahmes presumed for clarification, and Kasuf did his best to explain. Another approached after he moved towards the other Abydonians and spoke to them, bowing his head in what they realised was an apology. Ahmes looked around and called to Sha're. \"What are you doing Great Daughter,\" Kasuf asked. \"I will help prepare the food,\" Ahmes declared. Kasuf's weary eyes became wide and he implored her not to perform the chore. \"I wish to make an impression on His behalf. Allow me to do so.\" Kasuf let go of the girl and lowered his head before she left. Ahmes took out the medallion from beneath her clothes and looked at it again. It still did not shine and dim in light so he was not here yet. She hid it again beneath her clothes but made sure it was beneath all her layers. The women were very surprised to see her as well and refused to allow her to assist in the chore. Sha're made comment that He may be offended that Ahmes was refused a wish of them and the women allowed the girl to help prepare food for their people and the travelers. It took a long time but the food was ready as soon as it could be and shared among the community. Ahmes, with Sha're brought some food to the podium where Kasuf and the priests dined with the travelers. Sha're went to her father and Ahmes to Skaara, passing him some washed vegetables which he thanked her for, then she went with a plate of various foods in small portions to O'Neill. Kasuf's voice hit her ears in volume and speed, worried that serving the traveler instead of her being served would anger Him. Ahmes quickly replied to calm the old man that she was here in His stead and whatever she does or wishes to do is what He would do or wish. In all honesty Ahmes doubted that this was what He do but it did calm him and he sat down, eating his food in smaller portion and with a tinge of paleness to his skin. Sitting just off to his side she held the plate up to him, the curious one speaking to him before O'Neill took it with a nod. Ahmes sat up on her knees and pointed to a steamed fungus, telling him the name of it. O'Neill held the piece of food up repeating the word the girl had said, applying it to memory when he took a bite and found he liked it. The girl smiled and did the same for the other foods she had presented. This went on for a while, the other travelers laughing a little at them, even when a native reptile was brought to the travelers and they seemed amused and concerned with it. The curious one smiled to the others and said something then made odd noises until he wrote in the sand in front of Kasuf. Despite Ahmes' wishes and requests to Him, the people of Abydos were still forbidden from reading and writing. The curious one wrote and outside of the monastic order on few worshipping worlds none of the people or Jaffa could write, only read. Kasuf again became very concerned, telling the curious one not to write and then sent Sha're off, asking Ahmes for His forgiveness. She waved at him and gave it nonchalant, leaving O'Neill and standing beside Sha're as some of the older women took the curious one with them, preparing him for the marriage consummation with Sha're. The travelers stood and watched him leave but did not do anything to stop the women, all curious about what would happen to their companion. Ahmes took Sha're's hand and lead her back to the home they shared most nights to prepare her too. They wiped the sand off of her body and brushed her curled locks placing a purple veil over to cover her head, a purple garment slipping over her comparably pale skin. Ahmes wished Sha're a good evening and left the woman to herself to find Skaara or O'Neill. Neither female noticed the medallion beneath the young girls' coverings begin to shine signaling His return or hinting that the other four travelers at the pyramid the Abydonians didn't know about were being incapacitated by His Jaffa. Ahmes managed to find Skaara through the mass of people and found out the travelers had retired after the curious one had left. \"I am going to see then,\" Skaara said. \"Would you join me?\" He held out his hand to her and Ahmes took it with a small smile. Skaara lead the girl by her hand higher up and across the connecting bridges until they reached the doorway. Both Skaara and Ahmes poked their heads inside and greeted the men, the two off behind pulling apart their devices replied and waved at the two. O'Neill nodded and continued to smoke the small white object. Ahmes had only ever seen Him smoke from a long thin pipe; even let her once and never again did she indulge. \"What is that,\" Skaara asked Ahmes. \"I think it has dried plant in it,\" she told him. \"I saw Him prepare a pipe once.\" \"The shiny fire creator,\" Skaara clarified, pointing to the small object creating fire for the tiny burning white pipe. \"Shiny fire creator,\" Ahmes replied sarcastically. Skaara gave Ahmes a withering look, his dark brown eyes meeting her yellow specked ones. Rolling her eyes and breaking their contact with him, Ahmes pulled herself through the doorway and moved closer to O'Neill, kneeling in front of him. She tapped to the lighter and raised her dark brows. \"Lighter,\" O'Neill said slowly. \"Lie-tar,\" Ahmes repeated. O'Neill reached out and patted her head, noticing how rough the girl's headdress was. Ahmes turned back to Skaara and pronounced the name of the object loudly to him. He brought himself further through the window to get a better look but shied back quickly when O'Neill flicked the lighter creating a small flame. Ahmes also drew back, falling on her rear and scooting back to the wall. O'Neill said something to him and flicked the small flame away. Skaara moved in through the window and was given the lighter by O'Neill. Skaara stared wide-eyed at the gift, awestruck, and then instructed through one action how to make the flame with it. Ahmes watched and moved closer to her friend, watching as he took one of the small pipes and copied O'Neill. Skaara took one deep breath just as O'Neill did, then with one look of terror and disgust began coughing and sputtering violently causing both O'Neill and Ahmes to laugh. Ahmes laughed at her friend's unfortunate first smoke with gusto the same way He had when He had witnessed her first smoke with His pipe. Skaara made a motion for O'Neill to take his lighter back after dusting it off from where he had dripped it but O'Neill made a reply motion to keep the object. Skaara's face brightened with a huge smile and thanks him for the gift, Ahmes vocally thanking O'Neill also. Skaara stepped forward again and asked about the weapon O'Neill had laid beside the group of pipes Skaara had take one from. One look and O'Neill moved quickly with a voice that became loud and angry, smacking the weapon away from Skaara. O'Neill grabbed it in his hand and Skaara grabbed Ahmes roughly, scared for both of them, then pushed her out in front of him running away from the travelers calling for Kasuf. He thought he had angered the messengers of Him, that they were performing all manner of tests to see how safe Ahmes was and that he had failed one of them. Ahmes managed to calm both father and son but while Skaara was assured by his friend Kasuf was not so assured. Kasuf had been witness to what happened when He was displeased. Ahmes sent Skaara off while she remained with Kasuf, continuing to speak with him. By the time she left it took a while to find Skaara but she did and he had gathered quite a crowd of the Abydonian youth to show the lighter to. Her approach caught Nabeh's attention and he made a motion with both his hands for her to come. The others bowed their heads low as she moved closer, which she thanked so they would stop their show of respect. Nabeh embraced Ahmes as she knelt down beside him and then returned his attention to the lighter Skaara was showing. One motion of the device and the small flame emerged again, the entire group of young Abydonians moved back and away in shock of the sudden appearance of the flame. Skaara spoke to them calmly, assuring them it was safe and the was no trick to the fire. They had grown close again and Nabeh placed his hand over the flame, burning his fingers on the heat proving Skaara was telling the truth that there was no trickery to the flame. Skaara's gaze left his friend and was pointed to something out the gate of the barn. Ahmes was the first to follow his sight catching O'Neill and his traveler companion conversing. They made a gesture to each other when all the youth were watching them and separated, O'Neill heading towards them carrying something that looked like what the curious one wore before he had been taken to Sha're. Skaara was the first to emerge from the barn and everyone followed, Ahmes close behind him with Nabeh by her side, O'Neill stopping in front of the group with annoyance touching Ahmes' mind. The flow of the large flame from the torch hid the growing glow of the medallion Ahmes had hidden beneath her clothes. Ahmes listened with the others and O'Neill began talking to them, holding out the garment of the curious one. He made a motion with his hand moving down his face and then made circles with his fingers over his eyes. O'Neill started speaking more after a disappointed silence, anger rising within him that made Ahmes wonder what he was talking about and wishing she could understand. She and Skaara understood what he wanted when O'Neill jerked his head forward covering his face with a \"pft\" noise. \"Bwah!\" Skaara sounded. He made the same sound over with his arms tucked and flapping the same way as when the curious one had done at dinner after eating some of the reptile. O'Neill pointed his hand to him and then stretched his arms out when he realised they knew who he was talking about. Skaara shouted to the others to stop their noises and lightly struck Nabeh whom continued; Ahmes moved past Skaara to take the garment from O'Neill then turned to Skaara again. \"The Mastadge can find him by scent,\" she asked him. \"They will,\" Skaara confirmed, taking the item from her and rushing to the animal to get it to track the man down. A loud growl and Skaara opened the gate to release the creature which moved fast past them. Ahmes took O'Neill's hand and pulled him with the crowd of youth, telling him to follow to find the curious one, the other two travelers following from behind when they passed them. The noise they all made did not diminish until the creature lead them to the old ruins He had had sealed off so long ago. \"You hear best,\" Skaara said to Ahmes. \"Lead us to him.\" He stretched his arm from her to the open entrance into the ruins. Ahmes nodded and moved forwards, her hand still in O'Neill's and pulled him through the tunnels. Her sharp ears caught the curious one's voice quickly and even heard Sha're's voice, both speaking in the tongue of Abydos. Ahmes picked up speed and found the two quickly. They weren't far in the ruins and the youth touched the walls of writing in curiosity. Ahmes turned the corner with O'Neill and pointed to Sha're and the curious one. O'Neill spoke quickly, annoyance and anger rising in him, surprising the curious one Sha're was teaching. Ahmes turned her gaze from O'Neill to the walls, reading the writing of the ancestors and quietly reading it aloud to Skaara at the same time that Daniel was retelling it to O'Neill. The more she read the more she became curious and hurt about Him and what He had told her. He had stolen a human body, someone like her and the people He had protect her, and used it as a parasite to continue His tyranny for many more millennia. A rebellion on another world incurred the outlaw of knowledge on this one so the humans would not rise up against Him. Ahmes had seen Him make and pass various decisions on other worlds but she now wondered if it had all been an act so that she would not think of Him like the one that had used her body for horrible things. She was taken from her thoughts when O'Neill gently placed a hand on her shoulder and looked at her curiously. Ahmes looked past him to the curious one who had concern on his face. \"What causes you pain?\" he asked in the Abydonian tongue. Ahmes couldn't find her voice and felt tears fall down her cheeks. O'Neill lifted her head to him and wiped them away with his fingers, not wanting to see the girl cry. Ahmes smacked O'Neill's hands away and roughly moved between the Abydonians to get away from the ruins, ignoring the curious one calling out to her. He had lied to her about the Tau'ri, He made it sound like a place of legend and paradise that did not exist. Now she finds out it was real and he had done bad deeds. Ahmes ran back through Nagada and past concerned people, ignoring them calling out to her. Reaching the home she shared with Kasuf and his children Ahmes entered, greeted by Kasuf who grew incredibly concerned in a mere second. \"What is wrong Great Daughter?\" he asked the girl. \"He lied to me,\" she told the old man. \"I trusted Him and he betrayed me. I do not know how to look at Him now.\" Kasuf brought Ahmes into his arms, softly patting her back as she cried into his coloured clothes. \"If He has lied it is for good reason,\" Kasuf said softly. \"He is our God and He is your father. Trust that He wanted only to protect you.\" \"He had my trust; there is no reason to lie,\" Ahmes countered. Kasuf gave a tired smile and lead the young girl away from the entranceway, sitting down and holding her as he did with his own children. He started humming a song of the Ancients she had taught him years ago after He instructed the people to protect her. Ahmes eventually stopped crying and fell asleep feeling warm and safe with Kasuf, awoken after the sun was dawning by Sha're who brought food for the young girl. \"The men have gone,\" she told Ahmes. She nodded to the woman and rose from the spot she had been sleeping, taking a few strands of the fungus she managed to get O'Neill to eat last night after taking her headdress off. Sha're sat behind her and began to comb her long black hair, much straighter than Sha're's curls Ahmes was envious of. \"At least He is not here to see them,\" Ahmes said softly. Sha're hummed in agreement. He would have been very angry if the travelers were her had he arrived. \"I am sure he will return,\" Ahmes told Sha're. She of course had no idea if that were true or not but there was little she could do otherwise to comfort the new bride. Concerning herself with Sha're's feelings distracted her from her own, which was something she preferred at this point. Ahmes had taken pride in being the one being He had let close to her and to know that there was something she didn't know hurt her more than any wound she had received. \"Why were you sad in the ruins,\" Sha're asked. \"You have never cried aside from the first season He hid you here with us.\" Ahmes swallowed the lump in her throat and confessed to Sha're of His lies to her. The woman embraced the girl from behind, gently rubbing her arms. \"I do not think I will see Him the same way,\" she told Sha're. \"If you call Him back to this world and confront Him, will He not tell you the truth?\" Sha're wondered. \"I am certain that you would be the only one He would not punish for such request.\" Ahmes shook her head and curled her finger around the hold chain hanging from her neck, pulling at it until the medallion emerged from the clothes she wore. \"It does not call him. Only reveals when he has arrived to this world,\" Ahmes elaborated. Both female's eyes looked at the medallion and widened at the bright shine from the centerpiece. They remained silent for a few moments before Ahmes told Sha're to warn the people that He had arrived and may be angry with them for hosting the strangers. Ahmes ran out of the home and down into Nagada, colliding with Kasuf whom was also running through Nagada to warn the people of His return. Saddling a mastadge Ahmes jabbed her hand hard into the rise between its shoulders, a loud call emerged from its mouth and it immediately moved with great speed, her long black hair flying out behind her. Ahmes reached the sight of the pyramid much sooner than if she were on foot, His ship already sitting on it. A small band of the Abydos youth were climbing the dune to see into the enormous structure, no doubt lead by Skaara following the travelers. She lifted herself off the mastadge and landed on the sand with a soft thud then ran as fast as she could towards the pyramid, hoping the travelers were not year at His mercy. She reached the long platform that lead down from the pyramid and ignored the call of Skaara to her once he caught sight of her from his peripheral. Ahmes moved much faster once out of the sand and was inside the pyramid to see one dead traveler. Realising there was more than just the four travelers she and the Abydos people had hosted Ahmes became desperate to prevent Him from causing harm or death to them. Ahmes moved to stand under the rings that would send her to His ship; she raised her hand and roughly slammed the centerpiece of the medallion. The ceiling opened for the portal rings to come rushing down and sent her up to the ship where she would meet Him again, as she has done every year since He hid her away on this world. The rings disappeared once Ahmes was aboard the ship her eyes meeting His from the podium directly ahead of him, her garments clearly of inferior status compared to the coloured material of Him and the children around Him. She ran forwards just before O'Neill struck a Jaffa and took his staff weapon, killing one of the guarding Jaffa. Ahmes maneuvered herself behind O'Neill and beside the curious one to stand before Him. Daniel was waving his arms around his companion and the Jaffa, telling them to stop and the armed man, or alien to Daniel, shot a fire at him. He fell to the ground in great pain from the new wound he was dying from and from the weight that was now on top of him. \"Ahmes,\" he whispered placing a gentle hand on the native girl. She looked at him without blinking and realised quickly that she wasn't exactly looking at him as that would require sight, which wasn't possible from the amount of blood that was leaving her body staining his uniform and the ground. He knew his wound was fatal and would take a little more time to die from, but he thanked whatever God there was that Ahmes died quickly from trying to shield him from the blast. Daniel was thankful that the young girl didn't suffer any pain before her death and let out a sigh. Jack stared wide-eyed and haunted at the two bodies. He saw Daniel and the native girl only for a moment before they turned into the bodies of Charlie and Sarah. He lowered the weapon he'd taken from the disarmed alien and in that split moment where he also lowered his guard, they disarmed him. Jack was out before the preceding blows to him were received from the Jaffa standing above him. \"ENOUGH!\" Ra yelled at his slave. He hurried from his chair and to the young girl he had taken into care. Ignoring the peasant clothes she wore Ra turned her over and held her in his arms shocked at the blood that had been drained from her body now staining the world outside of where it should be. Eyes glowing He screamed out, angrier than He ever remembers being and holds out his hand, the kara kash quickly building in power and throwing the Jaffa whose weapon had struck his child against the wall. A resounding crack from his head pleased Ra, knowing the lesser being had struck his head hard against the structure and was now dead. \"Move them to the chamber,\" Ra ordered. \"I want my child healed quickly!\" The Jaffa did as ordered, quickly taking hold of His daughter and the stranger, moving the two to them healing chamber their God slept in. Watching Ahmes being taken away Ra ordered the others to leave immediately, desiring to be alone. The lesser beings of this planet did not do as he asked of them. To think he, a God, had lowered Himself to make a request of such insects to guard the life of his child, their Princess and future God. They let her die. And for that they will be punished, he would not so forgiving as in the past when she had lied for them. For now he would breathe, then when the first of his slaves would come they would punish the insects. Ahmes awoke to the feel of silk surrounding her and a gentle hand stroking her head, her vision was blurred but she felt little pain as she normally would have. It was only due to the various colours Ahmes saw swirling around that she knew He was sitting beside her while she had slept. \"Lord Father, I feel no pain,\" she slurred out. He hushed her from speaking further, desiring to see her sleep away the pain she felt rather than fight it. \"The sarcophagus healed you,\" He said. \"It brought you back to me my treasured child. Now rest, you do not heal as these bodies do. Your mind will be clouded for some time now.\" Ahmes nodded slowly, closing her eyes at her father's request but nausea kept her from sleep and hear the curious traveler enter and address her father. \"I was dead?\" he asked. There was silence and Ahmes felt her father's irritation rise. He spoke freely thinking that Ahmes was sleeping safely. \"That is why I chose your race, your bodies, so easy to repair.\" At least Ahmes now knew why her father had chosen the humans as a host. \"You have advanced much, harnessed the power of the atom.\" \"What are you going to do?\" the traveler inquired. \"You should not have reopened the gate.\" Ahmes heard the sneer her father gave to the traveler. \"Soon, I will send your weapon back to your world with a shipment of our mineral, which will increase your weapon's destructive power a hundredfold.\" \"Why would you do that?\" Ahmes was curious for the answer also. \"I created your civilisation. Now I will destroy it!\" His anger touched Ahmes and while the rebellion from the walls could be an easy scapegoat she doubted it was why he suddenly became so angry. She felt the bed move heard the footsteps of her father getting further and further away from her. \"You bring question and curiosity to my workers, and you take the life of my treasured child. I will keep this weapon and lock the gate here, by having you prove I am their one God and killing your companions.\" \"If I refuse?\" the traveler challenged. Ahmes' nausea passed and she felt the fatigue take hold, barely remaining awake enough to capture her father's last words with her ears. \"Your world is now a threat to my legacy, and these insects will be buried with you, your knowledge and the gate, for their failure to protect the Child of their God, Ra.\" Ahmes' mind and body calmed, overwhelmed by the need to heal the pain inside pushing her conscious to fail. She slept secure in the ship of the only one she has known to be a father. Ahmes opened her eyes again many hours later, so many that the night had come and gone without her knowing or setting sight on the stars she had grown up under. She felt the breeze of the day blow through the enormous structure, something she always enjoyed no matter where she was, and the light fabrics surrounding her blowing slightly from the breeze. Her yellow-flecked eyes looked around the room she was in, finding silk sheets covering her body and a few of the children He surrounds himself with waiting for her to awaken. Ahmes rose from her place of rest, her eyes never leaving the female children waiting on her. \"I wish to speak with my Lord Father,\" Ahmes told the children. She slipped from the silk and stood, the clothes from the Abydonians long gone and burned at His request. Ra had kept them out of his sight each year and had them returned but this time he was determined to keep his daughter by his side and protect her himself. Ahmes waited for the girls to bring out a dress and stepped into it once they laid it down, sliding it up her legs and the tight white fabric and bronze threat held itself against her dark skin. The elaborate neckpiece was clipped in place at the back of her neck assuring the dress would not fall when she moved. Raising her arms the girls slid another piece on, a thin revealing fabric that touched the ground and trailing behind her slightly, sewn into a torso piece with gold threat. Gold cuffs decorated with hieroglyphs were slid up her arms and wrists, her feet placed in sandals. Ahmes took a seat on the silk sheets as the smaller two girls each took a brush and combed her long black hair. Whenever Ra found himself stressed before Ahmes was hidden on Abydos he would stroke her hair, an action that would calm both himself and the child he claimed as his heir. The tallest of the girls held up the gold diadem, a thin red disk held in place at the front symbolizing which God she was heir to, and a large round ruby on either side attached to a long white ribbon and two thin gold chains. The two smaller girls pasted dark powder around her eyes before all three moved away, their heads low as Ahmes stood from the sheets fully dressed for an audience with her father. The girls turned and walked in front of her, bringing her to their God as he sent one of his Jaffa flying with his kara kesh. Ahmes had only seen him use it once when he first claimed her as his own child. There was no shared blood between them, nor was she of similar human origin to his host as he had said years before, calling her special instead of different. Somehow when she had been held down and another creature attempted to take control of her, the deepest desire of hers to be taken away from all the horror she had experienced and desire to be safe reached him, taking her away that very day destroying all evidence the one before him had possessed of her. Somehow she was the only one he would listen to. \"Stop Lord Father,\" she requested. All eyes turned to her. \"He has did not perform in his duties,\" Ra addressed Ahmes. \"He deserves punishment for his failure.\" \"What does one learn in death when there is no chance to redeem lost honour?\" Ahmes countered. \"I want to knew of the world you lost.\" Ra's eyes flashed and his whole being surged in anger at her worlds. Keeping his angered gaze on the girl he demanded all those present leave. The children were lead away by the Jaffa, the injured one finding the strength to stand and assist his brethren. Once alone Ra spoke with his child again, his tone dangerously low but the attempt to remain calm was felt by Ahmes. \"You were in the ruins,\" he easily concluded. \"I was,\" she confirmed. \"Those men who came through the stargate, they are from the world you lost. It is the only one that was mentioned and the only one you lied about.\" \"I did not lie,\" Ra quickly told her. \"You said it was gone, lost in everything but the legend of the servant origins,\" she said. Ahmes stood beside the System Lord, taking his decorated hand in both of her smaller ones. \"They said it was for you to protect me. What is it that you wished to protect me from? They may be advanced yet their curiosity shows they have yet to use their gate for any purpose.\" \"It was buried a long time ago for you, but not so long for myself.\" Ra guided Ahmes to his throne. He sat on the steps and gently brought her down, holding the child close as he did every year he returned. \"I did not think their spirit would be so strong and I lost an asset, part of my territory, to the native primitives. It is a failure that I learned from and one I wish to forget.\" \"What were the people called?\" Ahmes asked. There were thousands of cultures within her father's territorial planets and each had its own name for their people. \"Tau'ri,\" Ra responded. \"This lie was to avoid your curiosity from searching for them. I did not want your spirit to break as I have done to the many worlds I control.\" \"Perhaps it is from them that my spirit was born,\" Ahmes suggested. \"I have yet to discover your home world my treasure,\" Ra sighed. \"What I have found is merely the few elements of your being are not biologically present within my territory. I do not think I can request further information to others without raising suspicion.\" \"I have gained more gifts,\" Ahmes confessed. Ra pulled away and looked at her with pleasant surprise. He asked her to tell him of her new talents, a proud parent preparing to show off his prodigy child. \"I learn of people from a connection with their mind,\" she revealed. \"I was not certain until the Tau'ri travelers arrived. There is a curious one, he strives to learn of others and is not wanting in educative desires. The one in the pyramid, dead by the gate, he was nervous but desired to prove himself. The other was always watching, wary and prepared to protect others. And the leader, O'Neill, he has a wound that is eating at him like I sometimes feel with loneliness.\" \"How do you feel lonely?\" Ra wondered. \"There are many humans here you can socialize with.\" \"But they are not like me,\" Ahmes said quickly, guilt building in her stomach and chest. \"They are human and I am not, even though I take the appearance of one. The one before you did something, pushed away and hid part of who I was and now I cannot find it. The people of Abydos are kind and hard working, but these people, the Tau'ri, they have travelled from a new world and I with their advancements I might be able to find something there.\" Ra was silent for the entire time his daughter was speaking. The more she said the more he saw her in a new way. She never once expressed feeling alone, isolated because she did not know of her people or culture. He, as a goa'uld, had never needed to think on that. She made him think on it though, had him search for solutions to problems he would never have bothered with. With one last sigh, he looked directly at his daughter with only a single question. \"Is this truly what you want?\" Ahmes nodded, her eyes beginning to glisten with tears she didn't want to shed. Gently bringing her to his chest and surrounding her with his arms, he told her that he only wanted to keep her safe, that it was the one thing that he always thought about. \"Go to them,\" he told her. \"They and the people of this world trust you. Bring the leader and the curious one to me. I have a proposition and would like to speak with them.\" Ahmes blinked at her father for a few moments and watched him stand in shock. He called his First Prime who arrived quickly and told him to go with her to the travelers as a guard, returning safely with her, the curious one and O'Neill. The Jaffa bowed to his God and was left with the princess who was still gaping in shock. \"Great Daughter,\" the Jaffa addressed respectfully, \"I think we should hurry. Our God does not enjoy to be kept waiting.\" Ahmes agreed with him and stood, walking towards him and asking him to stand. He did so and followed the girl, using the rings to transport to the flight bay begin the journey back to Nagada. Ahmes was nervous to approach, the Abydonians knew of how her appearance changed when Ra would return for her but the Tau'ri would not. The First Prime selected one of the gliders given as a gift from his God's brother. His own Udajeet was faster, slimmer and easier to maneuver but it was a one pilot device. The gliders held two and were similar in the way of piloting, so he did not doubt that the princess would have difficulty co-piloting after managing to teach her to control the Udajeet. \"What is this?\" Ahmes asked. \"They were gifts from Lord Apophis to our God Ra,\" he told her. They had been presented not long after they had left from their last visit to the planet. He didn't like it here, too much sun with too much sand. He assisted Ahmes into the co-pilot seat, adjusting runaway stretches of her garments, and sat in front of her. The fly to Nagada was not long and until it came into sight he had forgotten about the destruction his God had commanded of for punishment against the people. He remained silent as the girl wondered what caused the destruction. \"Please remain here,\" he requested before leaving the glider. He called to the leader, Kasuf, wanting to know where the newcomers were. The old man did not know and asked that the Jaffa punish him instead of his people. The Jaffa said no one would be punished but Ra wants an audience with them, and should they return to let them know. \"Where are they,\" Ahmes asked when the First Prime returned. \"The people do not know,\" he replied. Ahmes thought quickly about the hiding places where they would go. Or rather where they would be taken, especially with Skaara as their guide. Ahmes held onto the edges of the cockpit and jumped out of the glider, the Jaffa calling out to her to return. The Abydonians saw how she was dressed and bowed to her. She ignored them for the first time and ran as fast as she could to the Caves of Kaleemah, which was very difficult in the dress she wore, the Jaffa following close behind with his staff weapon and calling out her name louder each time. Ahmes climbed into the cave entrance she and the other youth played in, careful not to tear her clothes or dirty them too much on the rock passages and sand. The First Prime grumbled as he followed the child and wondered about the caves. Neither himself nor his fellow Jaffa knew of these hidden caves the people used. Ahmes stopped and held her hand out to her father's First Prime. She asked him to have the weapon pointed to the ground and to stay quiet until she came out with the two Tau'ri. He didn't want to but obeyed, spinning the weapon so that the end used for execution was against the ground, then leaned against the wall of the hidden caves. Ahmes nodded then advanced on the light coming from the cold dark. \"Skaara,\" she called out, \"I return.\" Skaara stood quickly with a bright smile and would have embraced her but stopped short upon the sight she held, dressed in the garments Ra would gift her with. He and the other Abydonian youth stopped everything they were doing and bowed to her, the white clothing she dressed in glowing in the light of the fire. \"Please do not,\" she requested of the people. \"I need to bring O'Neill and the traveler who learned our language to an audience with my Lord Father. He wishes to speak with them.\" \"O'Neill! Daniel!\" Skaara called out. Both Tau'ri stepped out of the respective hiding places and stared wide-eyed at the girl. O'Neill spoke to Daniel and Daniel responded. Ahmes rose her hand and pointed to O'Neill then Daniel, saying their names, then patted her lips saying the word Speak before pointing upwards with the final word Ra. O'Neill understood from her gestures what she wanted and Daniel understood the words she used. \"Why does Ra want to speak with us,\" he asked in the Abydonian tongue. \"He already has his mind made up.\" Ahmes looked very surprised to hear Daniel was incredibly coherent so quickly after arriving. \"My Lord Father had made his mind up with you,\" she replied, shacking her initial surprise. \"He did not with me. I convinced him to speak with you. He has a proposition but it will not last forever.\" Daniel looked at O'Neill and repeated in English everything Ahmes told him. O'Neill scoffed and rolled his eyes not believing but a few words from Daniel made him start to think about the girl's request. \"Please come with me,\" Ahmes pleaded. \"I can protect you. There have already been enough lives taken. My Lord Father is the Supreme System Lord of a great many of worlds. He never speaks with anyone unless he wishes it!\" \"Ra is your father?\" Daniel asked. He wanted to confirm this one thing. \"Yes,\" she replied. \"As much as the exception of blood will permit us.\" \"He adopted you?\" Daniel pressed. \"He chose to love me over his own blood.\" Ahmes revealed. \"It is why he hid me here. Abydos is one of the only worlds of his territory sparsely populated.\" \"His enemies wouldn't find you,\" Daniel finished. \"That's why he calls you his treasure.\" Ahmes nodded, Daniel finally getting the information he wanted. He turned back to O'Neill and spoke for a few moments in their home world language, with most recognizing only the word Ra, before O'Neill sighed. \"We will come with you to speak with your Lord Father.\" Ahmes nodded and gave a smile. The time for talking came too soon for Ra. He had hoped his daughter would return without the two Tau'ri, yet here they both were bowing before him with his First Prime. Ahmes raised one of her brows at him, remembering that she told him of her newly developed gift. With a sigh and flourish of his hand, Ra commanded the three to rise. \"Come,\" he said after they stood. Ra stretched out his hand to Ahmes and brought her ahead of the Tau'ri when she took gave her own hand to him. A large table was prominent in the entrance of the next room, Daniel's books piled neatly on one side and the disarmed, disabled bomb on the other. \"Your books, curious one,\" Ra directed to Daniel with a flick of his wrist. \"And your device, O'Neill.\" Daniel quickly jumped in realising that Ra had never got his name. \"My name is Daniel,\" he said, quickly adding sir to avoid incurring his wrath. \"Daniel,\" Ra repeated. \"It does not sound as interesting.\" \"I'm sorry?\" Daniel apologised, not sure whether Ra was ignorant, uninterested or insulting him. He didn't take it to heart seeing Ahmes try to hide a smile. \"Forgive us for our first introductions, with your permission I would like to reacquaint ourselves to you, your eminence.\" Ra raised a brow at him the same way Ahmes had not long before. \"If you wish,\" he allowed. \"I am Daniel Jackson, a Doctor of ancient languages and societies. My comrade is Colonel Jack O'Neill, a soldier to some of our people,\" Daniel introduced formally to the Sun God. \"We have arrived from a world we call Earth after figuring out how to work and dial our stargate. We pose no threat to your or the people of this world, we only wish to discover and expand our knowledge of the stars.\" Ra had taken a seat by the time Daniel had finished speaking. The God turned to his daughter and spoke in a language that Daniel couldn't decipher. She returned the language with her own voice, Daniel realising she was multi-lingual like he and Ra. She wasn't very old; he'd guess maybe eleven or twelve. O'Neill had said in the caves that she could not be much older then ten years old during his bout of doubt in Ahmes' influence with an obviously powerful and far more influential alien species. \"I have thought on something my daughter has said which you have resonated,\" Ra began, using the language of the Abydonians. \"Curiosity.\" \"She told us that you had a proposition,\" Daniel asked. \"I have been told that there was a marriage shortly after your arrival,\" Ra probed. \"I believe it was your own, Doctor Daniel Jackson.\" Daniel nodded in confirmation. \"I understand that in cultures from your ancient societies marriage formed alliances. As did the adoption of orphan children, rarely though.\" \"Indeed,\" Daniel said slowly in confirmation seeing where Ra was going with this. \"You're suggesting an alliance between us?\" \"Knowledge for knowledge. You found my treasure on this world and I believe my other enemies may also do the same. But your gate is believed to be long gone by all except myself and the people of this world.\" \"Hide Ahmes on Earth? In exchange for what?\" Daniel was confused with Ra's explanation. \"I wish my treasured child safe and that appears to be on Earth. You wish to help the people of this world. An exchange would create an alliance and default measures will be in place.\" Ra elaborated for Daniel. \"Exchange and default?\" Daniel wondered. \"Yourself and Ahmes. The people here will learn from you, and Ahmes will learn from O'Neill. Earth will be under my protection so long as Ahmes and yourself remain in a planetary exchange.\" Daniel nodded, understanding what Ra was proposing. \"You won't try to conquer my world?\" he asked. Ra nodded once. \"Only a handful of scout ships to act as sentries and first defence of your world.\" Ahmes put in. Ra had done this for other worlds also, where large populations of Jaffa experiment with new weaponry and ships. Ra asked Ahmes and Daniel to leave him alone with O'Neill for a few moments to speak privately. Both wondered how he would communicate and surprised them both by repeating his request in English. Daniel held his hand out to Ahmes and led her out. She looked back at the two men before she told Daniel to turn the corner his back was to. Ahmes quickly rushed Daniel to another room and made a shush gesture, then opened a manual air duct just above the floor. She was disappointed that the two were speaking in a language she couldn't understand so Daniel quietly whispered into her ear the translation. Ra was telling O'Neill that Ahmes had influenced him to feel in a way he never has before and resulted in his constant desire to assure her safety which was something he was uncertain her could provide her with any longer. He proposed an alternative to the deal: Daniel would teach the people of Abydos but he would teach Daniel of the stargate and in return O'Neill would take her in as his own. O'Neill rejected the alternative and offered another man named Kowalsky to care for her instead, revealing he has just lost his own child to his own weapon that was meant to protect him. Ra replies that he wanted O'Neill because of the wound from the lost of his child, revealing that Ahmes had died for the first time the day before and knew exactly what that pain is. Ra was asking O'Neill, from one father to another, to care for and protect his child. There was silence for a few moments before O'Neill sighed and agreed. \"You may both return,\" Ra called out. He was not so influenced by his child that her overwhelming curiosity was lost on him. Daniel stepped in front of Ra and Jack first bringing a bashful Ahmes behind him holding her hand. \"Gather your people and return to the Stargate,\" Ra told Jack. \"There are a few words I have left to give my child.\" Jack nodded and made a hand motion that told Daniel to follow him. Ahmes and Ra were quickly alone to themselves. Ra moved away from his daughter and made a similar motion to her, small feet hitting the floor to catch up to his graceful strides. Ahmes found her father's destination was the pyramid his ship was sitting on. \"Why are we here,\" Ahmes asked. She was answered with silence and huffed at him, continuing to follow her guardian. Ahmes' eyes watched as Ra moved to a wall inscribed with how he took his power from the sun and using the kara kash strapped to his hand to open a secret door. Ahmes dropped her jaw and raised her brows well into her fringe. \"Come,\" Ra said. He outstretched his hand to the young girl and she took it, following his lead. Ahmes' eyes widened at the treasure room she had just been brought into. Abydos is truly his most trusted world , Ahmes thought the more she stared at the sparkling jewels and shining metals. Ra gently pulled her further and further then let go when they reached a wall. He pressed a symbol from an inscription on the wall to open another hidden room, or rather a hidden chamber within the hidden room. Ahmes' dark lips fought a losing battle to avoid smiling at Ra's fetish for the hidden and puzzling. Ra reached in and pulled something out before turning to her. Grasping Ahmes' small hands Ra placed the treasure in them. \"This is the Eye of Ra,\" he said. \"It is one of five that bring extraordinary power.\" \"Why are you giving it to me?\" she asked. \"To hide it,\" he told her as if it were the simplest thing ever. \"But would I not be the first one an enemy will look to in search of it?\" Ahmes' eyes widened in panic. \"You are the most obvious choice that it would be illogical,\" he explained. \"I trust you most of all, more than my First Prime. It would stand to reason that I give the Eye to you. However that is also why I am giving this to you to protect, because I am not the most logical when I hide what is precious to me.\" Ahmes blinked up at Ra far more confused now than before. He just chuckled and stroked her cheek adoringly. Her smaller hand reaching up and placed upon his. \"One day you might understand,\" he told her. \"For now promise me you will hide it well and take care of yourself.\" Ahmes nodded and allowed him to kiss her forehead. \"You are an odd creature my treasure,\" he whispered earning a laugh from her. \"How have you made me love you so much?\" Hope you enjoyed~ Didn't really have the original Stargate movie planned out. Had the series' done before I realised the whole thing started with the 1993 film. Let me know what you think. xoxo[Chapter 2] SEQUEL: Far From Abydos ~ SG1. Long time coming, so sorry for taking so long :( As probably can be predicted, the sequel is following Ahmes as part of and learning through SG1 on their missions. Hope you enjoy, let me know if she gets too Mary-Sue! Basic premise of Ahmes is that she is very smart, learns easy but has a little difficulty applying her knowledge until she gets older. As the first episode of the series is also a movie of its own, I will put it up as its own story in chapters to avoid confusion for you to read and for me to write. Some characters will be OOC and most of the series will stay true to the canon, mainly because I don't have much imagination in regard to the impact Ahmes will have but I also don't believe she has such a huge impact on the series as a whole. I welcome any suggestions (and you will be thanked publically) on how she and the story could change, however on a whole I do like having it remain as is and seeing her reactions. AnjesenMaat I'm so glad you like the story and thank you so much for reading~! Kristen (guest) There won't be anymore chapters for Stargate but I do plan in going through the SG1 and Atlantis episodes. My focus is more on Ahmes rather than Daniel however I will say that he does have a special place and is important! :D rose andrews Thank you so much for saying that! I am trying to catch up on as much lore as I can for everyone's benefit but everything is so confusing. Feel free to point out if I get something wrong or if I have confused something :) ","Summary":" DISCLAIMER: I do not own anything from Stargate! I own Ahmes, but I do not own her as a species fro"},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"Gateway","Author":"Jorus C'baoth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7007332","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue Langford Digsite Giza, Egypt 1928 Catherine Langford was ten years old. Her father wasn't exactly fond of her, and he didn't seem to like having her around, but he knew that his ex-wife wouldn't be happy if he just dumped her with another babysitter while he went off and dug things out of the sands of Egypt. She did seem to be having the time of her life, however, and she was happy that she was allowed to take anything she found home with her. Professor Langford supposed that it wasn't too bad to have her around. Avi Senejian led him around the planks that made up the authorized path though the digsite. The great pyramid itself was providing plenty of shade for the two-to-three hundred people all working like demons to dig anything out of the ground that they could. The largest hole they had dug was basically a quarray they'd created. It went down at least fifty feet. Avi explained that they'd found some kind of quartz at thirty feet and forty-six feet. Langford descended a ladder down ten feet, then another down to twenty, another to thirty, then to forty and finally, the last ladder led him to the current bottom of the hole. Avi was right behind him, and he had a flashlight taped to his helmet. Just before Avi got to the bottom, Langford felt something. Avi reached the bottom and asked, \"What is it, Robert?\" Langford shushed him. He felt it again―something was moving. \"What is that?\" \"Everyone out of the dig!\" Langford shouted. Everyone scrambled up the ladders back to ground level, and the whole time the ground was still shaking. Whatever it was, something was moving. \"Avi, was there any metal under there?\" Avi shrugged. \"I'm not sure. All we found was that quartz-like stuff.\" Langford turned to the crowd behind him. \"Everyone, move back to a safe distance away from the dig!\" Just as he said the words, the ground stopped shaking, and something happened. He looked down the dig and suddenly the ground was destroyed by what looked like a large explosion in water, like if a torpedo exploded without colliding with anything. It quickly lowered and the only thing remaining was a shimmering pool of water―at least, it looked like water. In all of Burt Langford's thirty-six years, he'd never seen water destroy dirt and rock. Avi walked up next to Langford and stared down at the pool as well. \"What do you think it is, Avi?\" \" Allah's judgement.\" Just Below the Arctic Circle Atlantic Ocean 1939 Captain Mitchell stared at the large crate in the cargo hold. Professor Langford had told him specifically to make certain no one else on the ship even touched the crate. The crew was not allowed to see it, not allowed to check it out once they got to the States and weren't allowed to touch it. He didn't understand why, but that Professor Langford's order. Langford had been his friend, so the order was easy to follow, but it still perplexed him. The trip from Egypt to New York was not meant to be difficult. Point A to Point B simple, even. German U-Boats, however, had put a kink in that plan. They had to take a strange zig-zag pattern though the North Atlantic. Mitchell himself mapped out the course, long after they'd already gotten on the way. U-Boat captains would have to be extremely clairvoyant to predict his route when he couldn't even predict it. The ship lurched to the right, directly toward the Arctic Circle. It was about five days now before they'd arrive at New York. All he had to do was plot the course and wait it out.[Chapter 2] Chapter 1 143 N 42nd street New York City, United States 2011 The conference hall at the Stromburg Institute in New York City was one of the best places to give a lecture. The top floor could seat thousands, and the lower conference rooms could hold a few hundred. There was no cafeteria, but that wasn't a problem for most. Certainly not for archaeologist Dr. Daniel Jackson, that is. His biggest problem is that he spent litterally his last dollars and asked for his last favors paying to get one hour into the Stromburg Institute's largest room. And now, the fifty people seated in that large room were walking out of his lecture. The topic of the lecture was the true builders of the Giza pyramids. Daniel had a vast knowledge of the pyramids and their interiorshe'd been in them more than half his lifeand he knew that the estimates and so-called 'facts' about the pyramids were mostly wrong. He didn't have exact proof, but that was what part of this lecture was about: getting people to rally behind him and fund his research. Things were not going well. Over half of the fifty people had left the room. gLook, people, if you were to look inside the pyramids, you'll find nothing. No hieroglyphs, no writings of any kind, not even a... a... an old building permit to show people they were building a pyramid there,h he cuckled, though no one else did. The few still intently listening were yawning and staring at him with stern eyes. gI don't... I don't know how to make you all believe me.h Suddenly, someone stood up. He was some Egyptologist that everyone went to for translations and the like. gDr. Jackson, I'd like to remind you that more than one expedition into the Giza pyramids have found writings, and have found indications of those who built the pyramids. Your claims have no base, Doctor.h gNo, my findings ,h he corrected him, gdo have base. All the expeditions and all the stupid tourists running around the pyramids like they were amusement parks have found is just what governments and the people who make money put in the pyramids to excite people.h He took a dry-erase marker and put a series of six symbols up on the white board. gI found theseand only thesenear the pyramids. Not inside, not miles away. I found these in the remains of a dig from 1928.h A female voice asked, gThe Langford dig?h All seventeen heads in the room turned to the door to see an elderly woman standing there. gIs that where you found your great discovery?h Daniel answered, gYes.h gYou can all go home. You'll be paid for your attendance. Dr. Jackson, please come with me.h Daniel watched as everyone in the room finally left. The only two people in the room were the elderly woman and Daniel himself. He set to work putting his research back in his briefcase when a man wearing United States Air Force badges took that over for him. He followed the elderly woman up to the roof. gI'm not sure we're allowed to be up here,h he said to the woman. gThe man who owns the place is a friend of the family.h gAnd who is the family? The Langfords?h gCatherine Langford. I was ten years old when my father found that piece of rock with those symbols on it.h Daniel did the math in his head. gYou're ninety-three?h gYes.h She smiled. The folds of her face lifted with her lips. gWe found something else that day. I'd like you to come take a look at it.h Daniel looked up. gSomething else?h O'Neill Residence Colorado Springs, United States Sara O'Neill stuffed the cigarette into her mouth as she pulled the plate out of the sink. The government car pulled up to the house, but didn't enter the driveway. Two Air Force personel stepped out and walked up to the front door. They politely knocked, then just walked in. gYou're here for Jack?h gColonel O'Neill, ma'am, yes. Is the Colonel in?h gYes, he is.h gMay we speak to him?h She pulled the cigarette out and tapped some ashes into the tray. gYou can try.h Jonathon 'Jack' O'Neill sat on the edge of his son's bed, holding the weapon that had taken his son's life. Why Charlie had decided to use the weapon, he would never know. His baseball trophies and pictures of the family were all over his room. No kid on the planet was greater than Charlie O'Neill. O'Neill had heard the two Air Force officers enter the home and ask for him. They had come down the hall and into Charlie's bedroom, just then. gColonel O'Neill, sir,h one of them said, gwe're liasons from General West's office. You're to report to Cheyenne Mountain immediately, sir. You've been reactivated.h Cheyenne Mountain Colorado Springs, United States Daniel sneezed quite loudly in the elevator going down to the fourteenth level of Cheyenne Mountain. The man next to hima major, by his rank insigniasasked, gCold?h Daniel shook his head. gAllergies. Happens when I travel.h The major nodded his head. They exited the elevator when they arrived at floor fourteen. Of course, the floors in the Cheyenne Mountain complex were in descending order instead of ascending , as the floors were all below ground. The major swiped his card in a card reader and entered another elevator. It took Daniel a couple seconds to realize that he, too, was to get in the elevator. The major pressed the button for the twenty-third floor out of a total of twenty-eight floors. gWhat's below twenty-three?h gNeed-to-know, sir, need-to-know.h The twenty-third floor was just as bland, tunnel-designed and expansive as the first floor looked to be when he'd arrived. It was a wonder how anyone in the Air Force could take working underneath a mountain. The major led him through seven sets of corridors to a room designated 'Rock Room'. gIs that a joke?h Daniel asked. gIt wouldn't surprise me, Doctor.h The major swiped his card in the reader and the door opened. A large cartouche stood in the center of the room, held up by ropes and cables. gThis is your new office, Doc.h The cartouche was at least four stories high, perhaps higher. A large centerpiece contained the six symbols he'd found at that dig. Below them was another hieroglyph, one he'd never seen before. It appeared to be a pyramid with a sun above it, two figures praying to either side. It was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. gThis was at Giza?h gIt was, Daniel,h Catherine's voice came from behind him. She had come in the room from a different entrance. gFound in a separate section from the main dig, but still in the same general location. Cover stones.h gThe symbols. What are they for?h gWe haven't figured that out yet,h she said. There was something about the tone of voice she used that told him there was more to the story than that. He didn't press for it, however. He figured he'd learn something about it. She hustled him over to a white board with several hieroglyphics on it, not to mention a piss poor translation of the hieroglyphs. gDoes this mean anything to you?h Daniel took the eraser and erased several sections. gWho translated this? Frankly, it's embarassing to be in the same room with it.h He fixed some of it. gIt's not 'locked away', it's 'sealed and buried'. Not 'forever', 'for all time'.h He crossed out two more sections and fixed them. gOkay, so now it says, 'Our Lord, the Sun God Ra, has brought forth this gateway. However, after our rise, it was sealed and buried for all time. We called it the Stargate.'h Catherine nodded her head slowly. gImpressive, Daniel. Now, get to work figuring out those symbols, okay?h gGive me one thing: Why is the US Air Force interested in a five thousand year old cartouche?h Daniel was suddenly aware of a fourth man in the room. He was a few inches taller, with short brown hair. He wore the insignias of a colonel. gMy report says ten thousand.h His voice reminded Daniel of an old TV show... Mac-something-or-another . gSorry, no, that's preposterous. The ancient Egyptians didn't even exist ten thousand years ago,h Daniel said, turning to the colonel. gAnd who the hell are you?h gColonel Jack O'Neill. Air Force. And my report is conclusive. Carbon dating puts this cartouche and all other stone tablets recovered from the Langford dig as ten thousand years old.h Daniel blinked. Did this guy really think he knew more about the Egyptian culture than him ? No one knew more about the Egyptian culture than him! gDr. Jackson, I'm going to assume is who you are, this project and all things pertaining to it are now under the highest classification the US government has to offer. You're on-base movement is restricted to this room, the nearest rest room and the coffee machine outside this room. Anywhere else you go requires my permission and security personel.h He turned and walked out of the room, not even so much as a good bye or even a fuck you to signify his departure. gExcuse me, Daniel,h Catherine said as she left. Dr. Langford caught up with O'Neill as he rounded the corner. He was hoping she wouldn't have been able to catch himthe woman was in her nineties, for chrissakes. He turned to her. gYes, Doctor? gColonel O'Neill, I was told I'd have complete authority over this operation. General West gave that to me.h gThere's been a change in plans. I've read all the reports, and I was in there when Jackson retranslated that message. Need I remind you what we found fossilized at that dig?h She frowned. gNo, you needn't. Look, Colonel, why are yo here?h He took a deep breath, then said, gI'm here in case you succeed.h ","Summary":" Prologue Langford Digsite Giza, Egypt 1928 Catherine Langford was ten years old. Her father wasn't "},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"Delirium","Author":"Just A Little Birdy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11360290","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N; I promised myself I wasn't working on anything new until I finish Flicker...but then I finally watched Elysium and there are just so many things to be explored here and I couldn't help myself :3 You know how it goes. This will be significantly shorter than most multichapter fics, and carries on through the events of the movie and beyond. There are no canon characters included (sorry!), so if you're here in hopes of a specific character, I'm sorry to disappoint you. Hopefully it's interesting anyway. Reviews are love. Enjoy. - O N E - Even as a child, Theresa is hungry. Not that she ever knows real hunger, not like the millions of children she looks down on every day from her home in their sky. It's knowledge that she craves, her brain demanding more and more of it every day, like her lungs demand oxygen, or her stomach demands food. While the other children can sit still and watch movies, or immerse themselves in game after stupid game, she's always thinking, always moving, investigating this or that, asking endless questions about the way the world works. Though it's an unusual trait for a child of Elysium, where there is enough to keep someone entertained for several lifetimes, her parents don't have much trouble dealing with it. For the most part, they direct her to the droids for her answers – eventually, they purchase a general purpose droid specifically to follow her around and answer her questions, so that she won't bother them anymore and they can live at least some of their inconsequential lives in peace. In fact, the next time they really take any notice of her is when her father finds out that she named the droid – Chia, from a book it showed her one time. \"You shouldn't do that,\" he scolds her. \"What happens if we give droids individuality?\" \"They rewrite their protocol,\" she murmurs, kicking at the carpet. She doesn't tell him that she thinks it's silly, that old rule. That it's never actually been proven, except in works of fiction. It was just a common paranoia, the idea that AI programmed to learn with her would one day surpass everything it was ever made for and take over the world (a scary concept, true – but something that had yet to happen to any droid she'd heard of). \"Sorry, Pa,\" she tacks onto the end, and he waves her away. He's got a faceful of frown lines to get rid of before their dinner guests arrive. The droid keeps its name, though only when they're alone. Theresa's smart enough to watch what she says to it in the company of others, and takes a secret vindictive joy in the fact that it never turns against her.[Chapter 2] - T W O - School is a courtesy more than anything these days, and she's easily top of the class. There's only one teacher that she likes. He's soft and kind, with an older face not always seen around Elysium, and he refuses to adhere to the common courtesies usually afforded to the teachers – they call him Keat. He sits with Theresa at lunch, sometimes, and answers the questions that just can't wait until she sees Chia again at the end of the day. One day, he finds her lying in the grass, staring up at the sky with wide eyes. However hard he tries, he can't quite fathom what it is that has her so fascinated, though he spends a few minutes himself staring at the sky while trying to figure it out. All he sees is the sun and the stars, and the planet whose face they loom over, day in and day out. The moon is nowhere in sight today, hiding below them, he supposes. He was never one for astrology, however much he likes to learn. \"What are you looking at?\" he asks the little girl eventually, giving up on his own search. \"There are people that live in the sky,\" she replies, sounding awestruck as she points to the planet above (below?) them. \"Did you know that, Keat?\" A laugh bubbles from his lips. \"I did, in fact.\" He sits down next to her, and turns his face upwards again. \"But you know, to them, we are the ones in the sky.\" She frowns at him, trying to figure through what he was saying. \"But they are in the sky,\" she insisted. \"I am here, on the ground, and they are floating around up there.\" \"They're not floating,\" he corrects gently. \"They walk and run and jump and fall just like we do.\" He considers trying to explain the concept of gravity to her, but it's too big a concept for a six year old. \"Where did you find this out?\" he asks instead. \"The droids told me,\" she explains easily. \"Ah.\" Silence falls. She stares upwards, never blinking, her mind racing at a million miles an hour. The sky was beautiful, she thought – packed full of far-away stars and galaxies, sometimes with the cracked, cratered surface of the moon. And always, always with the visage of planet earth below, changing each and every day. So many people missed it, never looked up even once in their day…sometimes, she stands and looks just so that there's at least one person appreciating it. \"What's it like?\" she wonders out loud. \"What?\" Keat replies. \"Up there,\" she explains. \"What's it like living there?\" All at once, Keat feels like he's being backed into a corner. If he can't tell her about gravity , there's no way to explain poverty, or overpopulation, or epidemics…just three of the many, many things they were blessed to never have to live with, up here in their paradise in the sky. \"Probably just like Elysium,\" he lies instead. \"But there aren't any walls,\" she continues, and just from her voice he can tell this is more of a dream than an argument to his points. \"And it turns and turns, and sometimes it would be dark, and sometimes light. And there could be lawns that go on forever and you could run and run and never find the end of them, and there would be so many more stars to see…\" A bell sounds, signalling the end of her break. She leaps up and skips off, all her lovely dreams still swirling around inside her head.[Chapter 3] \"What's it like living in the sky?\" she asks another teacher a few years later, still unable to get any definitive answers from Chia. The teacher looks appalled. \"What on earth are you talking about, Theresa?\" she asks, aghast. \"The planet,\" Theresa explains, pointing at the ceiling. \"What's it like living there?\" \"I have no idea,\" her teacher snaps, once she fully processes what is being asked of her. \"And it's none of your business either. Why do you even want to know these things? Whatever's there, it can't be better than Elysium.\" And that's all anyone will ever tell Theresa on the topic from then on.[Chapter 4] There are beautiful gardens on Elysium, and she's determined to explore them all. That's how she's far away from home, wandering down twisting paths lined with flower bushes and tall, shady trees, when they come. It's pure luck that they come through the garden, that she kneels down in the dirt to finger the velveteen petals of a flower just as they cross the path. She's not hiding that well, but the mother's eyes are on the sky and so it's enough to convince them to pass without noticing her. Theresa notices them though, gets a good look as they hide a moment under the cover of a tree, before catching sight of the house and moving on again. The very sight of them takes her breath away; she has to put one hand flat against the cool dirt to steady herself. There are two of them, a mother and a little boy unconscious in her arms; they're streaked in dirt and blood and dressed in clothes that are little more than rags in comparison to the brand new sundress she is wearing. Underneath all the grime, she sees a glimpse of rough, sun darkened skin and the scars that pay testament to the living of a hard life. That's when she knows they're not from Elysium; the people here are satin smooth and without a mark on their body. As they run away again, she catches sight of a gruesome wound on the boy's leg, the bandage that had covered it falling forgotten into a flowerbed. It's a myriad of colours she didn't even know a leg could be , and oozing something black and putrid. No, they're definitely not supposed to be here, she decided, her stomach turning at the sight of it. There's nothing as horrible as that in Elysium. Her eyes follow them all the way to the house. They smash through a window and disappear. The droids come, and as they leave, she sees the boy walking, his legs just as fine as hers. Their mad flight through the garden, and all the potential weapons in that house, and all they'd wanted was a cure? Why couldn't they just ask?[Chapter 5] F I V E \" You've seen refugees?\" It's a girl who asks the question, older than her with braids in her hair and skin the colour of coffee. Her voice is cynical and she has an attitude – she wears clothes made for boys just because it makes other people turn their nose up at her. Theresa is encaptured immediately. \"I have, actually,\" she replies, and the girl sniffs. \"Where?\" she asks, and it sounds like a test. \"English Gardens, two years ago.\" The girl's whole expression changes; the dark, suspicious cloud that was hanging over her head disappears, and she's almost beautiful, except for the frown still etched on her face. \"Jakobi Blake,\" she introduces herself, sticking out her hand for Theresa to shake, which she does. \"Theresa Pennington,\" the smaller girl replies with a smile that could win over most anybody. Jakobi is immune to any charm, just grunts and waves over a boy, tall and soft and much more easy-going than herself. \"This is Bay,\" she says as way of introduction. \"What have you found, Jakobi?\" he asks, sounding almost wary. \"Says she saw the English Garden lot a few years back.\" His eyes widen. \"You're interested in refugees?\" he asks Theresa. She nods. \"You want her?\" Jakobi is impatient, tapping her foot as Bay falls deep in thought. His next question isn't to Jakobi. \"How old are you? You can't be more than ten.\" \"I'm twelve ,\" a disgruntled Theresa replies. He almost laughs, but it's overtaken by a darker expression, by a frown that tells of deeper thoughts. \"Too young,\" he says in an aside to Jakobi. She waves him away. \"We were eleven when we started. And we need the extra person. Do you want the truth or not?\" It's enough to convince him; he turns back to Theresa with a smile. \"What would you do to find out where they come from?\" ","Summary":" A/N; I promised myself I wasn't working on anything new until I finish Flicker...but then I finally"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"For One Night","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12472624","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She shouldn't be letting him get to her like this, she thinks as she digs in a closet she hasn't opened in five years. Every article of clothing seems laced with memories she once cherished but are now painful. She refuses to give them any power over her mind as she continues digging in search of one particular item. She'd much rather think about the leathcheann who prompted her to do this instead. If she has to choose between the two, she by far prefers that he have power over her rather than her own past. She focuses her mind by trying to replay her day's events. She could concentrate on trying to determine her next move against the Environment's latest political foe or the move she made earlier this evening, sneaking into the Senator's masquerade ball. She almost got him today. \"Ah would've tae,\" she growls testily at the cat by her side, \"if'n ye'd jest shut up an' let me do me work.\" Captain pauses in licking a striped paw and looks calmly up at her. \"What and let you fry every one at that ball? Including that one guy's guide dog?\" \"Aye 'cept fer th' dog. Th' guy could go. 'Tis what Ah was there fer.\" She pushes pass another colorful skirt. \"No,\" Captain argues calmly with a swish of his long, ragged tail. \"What you were there for was to kill the Senator, not everybody else, and there was a live feed. You could have fried all the cameras there, Kat, but not without being seen on nationwide TV.\" She shrugs. \"All Ah would've had tae di was take that one oot first.\" \"There were too many guards. Somebody would have called for backup, and you would have had the whole military breathing down your neck.\" Once more, she shrugs as though they're discussing something as trivial as what movie to watch that night. \"Ah could've taken 'em.\" \"You're good,\" he says calmly. \"So was your grandfather. He'd be proud of the woman you've become, Kat, but you know how he felt about needless deaths.\" \"It's nae needless if it's a bloody human. Every damn one o' 'em's goin' tae hurt somebody somewhere down th' road, an' most o' 'em already ha'e.\" \"They're not as evil as you think,\" Captain murmurs. He knows theirs is the worst species. Instead of being the ultimate species at the top of the food chain as they think they are, theirs is a bottom feeder, preying off of their own kind not just for survival but for meager things, their most cherished goal being simply reaping as much money as they can get off of anybody's pain and suffering. But they're not all like that. Her grandfather wasn't like that. Nor were her parents. Captain thinks easily of two others who are also cut from a higher cloth. He's surprised Kat's not arguing with him, but she's clearly distracted. \"There th' bloody t'ing is,\" she mutters, yanking a black hat out of the closet she hasn't opened since her grandfather's funeral. Her fingers tug at the brim of the black hat before she sets it on her head. \"He can nae say Ah'm no' wearin' a costume now.\" Captain almost falls off of the clothes basket on which he's sitting. He covers his mouth with both front paws and presses hard against his furry lips to keep from laughing out loud. His tail swishes again. Oh, his Kat is a funny one all right! Here she is hating humans, claiming she wants to fry them all, and she can't stop thinking about that goofball, Ace Ventura! He half expected her to follow him today when they saw him walking ahead of them. Ace had been aware of them for some time, but Captain had known he was there and had simply waited to see what his girl would do. She had snarled when the scrawny man had turned around to face her, still tossing around the package he carried like it was one of those odd-shaped, brown balls with which some of the humans play. He'd looked directly at Kat, faced her fury, and sang, \"No costume, no candy.\" It had been a while since Captain had heard that song. Though traditional for today, the song wasn't a favorite of any member, furry or otherwise, of the O'Hara clan and thus had never been played that often around him. Kat had once found it funny, but today it only added fuel to her never ending fire, both of temperament and magical. The poor man had had a firebolt coming at him before he could even register Kat's fingertips were lit. To her credit, she actually hadn't exploded the goofball. The firebolt had circled around him instead and struck him in the rear end. He had yelped, jumping and grabbing his butt for all to see, but by then, Kat's fire had disappeared from sight. The other humans passing nearby had looked at him as though he'd taken leave of his senses. From what Captain's seen of the man, he's not entirely sure that's possible for he's never once seen him display actual common sense. The chuckle finally slips free of the old cat's restraint. Kat's emerald eyes shoot to his reflection in the mirror hanging on the back of her old closet door. \"What're ye laughin' 'bout?\" she demands, her voice holding that dangerous edge warning him he's now the one risking a firebolt - except that Kat would never harm him or any animal. She'd even asked the spider hanging on her door for permission to enter her own closet. Aisling barks from the bed, but Captain lets both women's warnings slide. He knows she's not going to hurt him. He shrugs his lithe, furry shoulders instead and offers up a partial truth, \"I was just thinking about that crazy Ventura today.\" \"Aye,\" Kat says, fingers again sliding along the brim of her Witch's hat as her gaze returns to her own reflection. \"Ah din't t'ink there's e'er been a bigger dumb ass.\" \"Oh, Ah din't know about tha',\" a familiar, disembodied voice speaks suddenly. The sound has every older being in the room grinning in expectation before the old man appears behind his granddaughter. He reaches out and gently scratches Captain's head. Captain purrs, tail whisking, and butts his head against his master's hand. Kat whirls around, her smile betraying her glower. \"Ye would like 'im.\" Her grandfather shrugs as he calmly meets the fury in his granddaughter's eyes. \"He's funny.\" Growing solemn, he adds, \"He's good tae animals, an' he's good tae ye.\" \"There's nae a t'ing between us fer 'im tae be good tae me or nae!\" Kat exclaims hotly, her accent growing thicker. But her grandfather just smiles, a knowing twinkle in his eyes. \"He could've turned ye in, Kathleen. He could have screamed an' ran from ye.\" He shakes his head. \"He's nae afraid o' ye.\" \"Well, he should be,\" she snaps, but then she softens just a little. This is her grandfather, after all, and by the Gods, how she's missed him! \"How di ye knae any way how he's been actin 'round me?\" \"Simple.\" She's missed his warm smile almost as much as she's missed him. Tears shimmer in her eyes. She doesn't fight as he takes her gently into his arms. \"Di ye honestly t'ink,\" he asks, gazing up into her face, \"that there's a moment Ah haven't been lookin' down at ye since I had tae leave this world?\" \"Ye din't ha'e tae leave,\" she whispers, her voice suddenly raspy with the tears she's fighting. \"I didn't want tae,\" he agrees. \"It was mah time, though, luv.\" He reaches up, brushes a loose strand of bright, red hair away from her beautiful face, and strokes her cheek. \"Ah would ne'er ha'e left if Ah hadn't had to.\" She nods, and an old streak of self-hatred rises within her when a sob breaks free from her careful control. Tears begin speeding down her face. She wants to claw them out of her eyes, but he holds knowingly to her hands. \"There, there now,\" he says, consoling her just as he did when she lost her parents when she was only six. He hugs her tightly, then pulls back just enough that he can look into her eyes again. \"Ye din't want tae spend th' rest o' taenight cryin', di ye?\" He strokes her cheek again, petting her just as he would have one of his many animals. \"Not when we're finally taegether again.\" \"Nae, Grandpa,\" she whispers breathlessly and hugs him tight. \"Nae when we're taegether.\" She wants him to stay, but she knows already he can't. Her heart breaks again with that knowledge, but then for the rest of the night, she pushes away her anger, sorrow, and self hatred. She's got him back for now, and even if it is for just one night through the magic of Samhain, she's going to make the most of it. She hears his smile in his voice as he hugs her tightly once more. \"There, there,\" he coaxes. \"That's mah good Kat. Ah luv ye, darlin'.\" \"Ah love ye tae,\" she whispers and lets him lead. Tomorrow, she'll get drunk on the whisky she bought earlier. Tomorrow, she'll hate herself and every other human in the world again. Tomorrow, she'll cry and blaze and kill some more humans. But for tonight, she's got him. Tonight, she's loved. Tonight, she's whole again, even if only for a little while. \"Now,\" the old man says, pulling away from her once again, \"let's talk 'bout these unnecessary risks ye've been takin'.\" \"Aw, Grandpa,\" Kat actually whines, and every animal in their room does their version of a laugh. Her grandfather reaches out and scratches Captain in his favorite spot behind his old, torn ears again. He purrs, leaning into his embrace, but can't resist teasing Kat. \"Told ye,\" he says and winks, and through her tears, Kathleen O'Hara actually smiles. The End ","Summary":" She shouldn't be letting him get to her like this, she thinks as she digs in a closet she hasn't op"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"How Far the Mighty Have Fallen: The Ray Finkle Story","Author":"Holly Sharp","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12553394","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"And if you don't tell me you've got the bastard soon, you'll be outta here like a bullet from a gun!\" The big wooden door of her office slammed in the officer's face, with a great thud that made everyone in the room look up. \"Poor, Ricky,\" said one officer, who was watching the entire scene from across the cramped, sunlit room. \"That's the second time this week he's had to deliver bad news to Einhorn,\" his partner said with a mock-serious tone. The first officer reclined in his chair and lit a cigarette. He puffed it to get it started. \"I can't help feel sorry, for him, Jack,\" he drawled in his deep, southern accent. \"Better him than me,\" the second officer retorted. \"Look at him.\" The second officer motioned toward Ricky, who was still loitering around the Lieutenant's door looking despondent. \"The guy's a slippery bastard, the one he's trying to catch,\" the first officer said. Jack reclined along with his partner. \"Isn't that the dealer that got off a few weeks ago?\" \"Yep. Not enough evidence to convict. Einhorn was pretty pissed about that one. Now Ricky's the one who has to suffer for her mistake.\" \"What are we talkin' about, Jim?\" a voice said from the left of the two smoking officers, addressing the first officer. \"Poor, poor Ricky,\" Jim said, still staring intently at Ricky. All three of them watched Ricky for a time. A few moments passed, and the office door opened again. Jim's eyes widened. He took his cigarette out of his mouth. A few grains of ashes fell on his black police uniform as he did so. As if in slow-motion, a gorgeous, proper-looking, brunette woman in her mid-thirties strutted out of the room in a gray business skirt and jacket, bearing a scowl on her face so terrible that it was easy to figure who was responsible for the earlier yelling and door-slamming. This was Lieutenant Lois Einhorn of the Miami Police Department, a slender high-ranking police officer with a great pair of legs and a bad attitude. She stomped angrily toward one of the Sergeants under her - the oily and obese Sergeant Robert Aguado with graying hair - and handed him some papers. Soon after, Einhorn bent over a desk in the process of explaining something about the papers to Aguado, which had the result of extending her plush, round ass in the direction of the officers. Jim took another puff of his cigarette as he watched the Lieutenant's behind sway every so often as she continued to speak to Aguado, and in his gruff, Southern drawl, he spoke: \"You know, people ask me sometimes why I'm still a cop. Why I come to work every day only to be shot at in the middle of a robbery or get into fights with drunk drivers.\" The other officers half-looked at Jim, not sure where this was going. \"That my friends,\" Jim continued, extending his cigarette in two fingers towards Einhorn's ass. \"That my friends is the reason.\" The other two officers laughed. The first officer's eyes moved down Einhorn's body toward her feet, upon which were two stilettos matching the rest of her outfit. As her body shifted, Einhorn's skirt lifted slightly, revealing a hint of the back-seams lining her pantyhose. The first officer's eyes widened, and he felt his erection begging to be free of his pants. Einhorn rose from the table and turned to walk back at the officers. As she did so, she glanced in the direction of the three officers. All three of the officers comically turned around back to face their desks. \"What do we do?\" the third officer said to the officers on his left without daring to turn his head. \"Just try to look casual,\" the second officer said as he began hastily scribbling on an official-looking document. Jim sat there, bracing for the inevitable torrent of shouting and the potential expulsion he was about to face for ogling a senior officer. Sweat poured off all three of the officer's faces as they waited, but nothing came. After a few minutes, Jim turned around. Einhorn's door was shut. She must have gone inside. \"Relax, boys,\" Jim said. \"The wicked witch is dead.\" \"Gone, you mean?\" said the second officer, Jack. \"Whatever,\" Jim responded. All three officers turned back around to continue their conversation. \"I think I might light up, too,\" the third officer said. \"That's for tellin' us that, Rodney,\" Jim drawled sarcastically, to the delight of Jack. \"My God she's a hard-ass, isn't she?\" asked Rodney, unperturbed by his superior's comment. \"She could be hard on my ass anytime she wanted to be,\" Jack said with a smile. \"She's a strict woman,\" said Rodney, puffing his cigarette along with Jim. \"Kind of like my fifth-grade teacher.\" \"She's so conservative and straight,\" added Jack. \"Makes me sick. I hate prudes.\" \"I'd bet she'd be an animal in the sack,\" Rodney replied with glee, losing time with Jim's puffing for a moment, forcing him to quickly adjust his pace. \"Women like that generally are.\" \"The things I would do to her,\" Jack said, shaking his head with a massive grin. \"The things I would let her do to me,\" Rodney said, laughing. The three men fell silent, each reveling in their own, unique fantasies involving the Lieutenant. \"What do you think of her tits?\" Jim said after a time, rocking back on his creaking office chair. Rodney and Jack looked at each other behind Jim. They seemed to come to a silent agreement. \"Solid 9s,\" Jack said. \"You've assessed them individually?\" Jim said with the uncharacteristic hint of a smile. The three men paused again. \"Did you see her comin' out of the gym the other day in that tight, little, green sports bra?\" Jack rhapsodized, half to himself. \"A memory I'll never forget,\" said Jim, patting his cigarette on the side of the ashtray sitting on the arm of his chair. All three men had seen similar sights; many female police officers stripped down to their bare essentials to work out in the Department's gym, but there was something about Einhorn that was particularly memorable, and always something to which they could look forward. Despite her surly attitude, everything about Lieutenant Lois Einhorn was sexy. Her hips wiggled gracefully when she walked; her perfume intoxicated all passersby; and no matter how much she yelled, her voice was always deep, sultry and seductive. Her deep, sing-song voice elicited an instant boner from any hearing man in the vicinity. \"But she's always pissed,\" said Jack. \"It's like she's got PMS that never ends.\" All three men smiled at this statement. \"What are you guys talking about?\" a voice uttered unexpectedly from next to Rodney. Jack, Jim, and Rodney looked toward the direction of the voice. The voice belonged to Detective Sharp, one of the more uptight officers in the force. He must have overheard their conversation. \"You're talking about a decorated officer there, boys,\" said Sharp. \"She's hard because she has to be in this city, with all the pedophiles, pimps and drug dealers to deal with on a daily basis. Show a little respect.\" \"I'm sorry, Detective Sharp,\" was the chorus which emanated from all three officers. \"Now, if you're done leering at your superior officer - get back to work.\" Detective Sharp left, leaving the three to continue their conversation at their desks. \"Aguado's in her pocket,\" Rodney said, leaning over conspicuously low toward Jim next to him. \"I would mind being in that bitch's pocket,\" Jim said, shuffling papers about on his desk. The three men paused after a brief chuckle. \"Do you like her?\" Jack asked, after a time. All three men thought. Rodney was the first to answer: \"No.\" \"Why not?\" asked Jack. \"She's always got me on edge. Fuck knows what I'm going to do wrong next. I might accidentally wear the wrong colored watch and I'll be put on probation.\" \"That's a bit of an overreaction,\" said Jim. \"What, am I wrong?\" asked Jack, mustering up a tiny amount of courage against his superior officer. \"Yes. She is a hard-ass, but it's like Sharp said, she gets the job done. She's tough on people doing a bad job. As a result, she cleans this town of pedophiles, prostitutes and other perversions which curse it with their filth. She's conservative because she wants what's normal and correct - not the disgusting aberrations which litter the streets\". Silence fell on the men again, in positive acknowledgment of Jim's statement. Rodney was, again, the first to break the silence: \"Aguado's got the hots for her doesn't he?\" \"Yuck,\" said Jim flatly. \"My thoughts exactly,\" Jack added in agreement. A moment of silence fell on the conversation for the final time. All three officers started at their desks. There was much work to be done on all counts. \"What do you guys want to do now?\" Jack asked. \"Donuts?\" Jim suggested, and the three men left. ","Summary":" \"And if you don't tell me you've got the bastard soon, you'll be outta here like a bullet from a g"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Three Lizards and Mistletoe","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7640732","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"Three Lizards and Mistletoe\" Author: Pirate Turner Dedicated To: My beloved, wondrous, and always inspirational and amazing Jack, and our darling babies - Merry Christmas and Happy Solstice, my loves! This is the first story in my 12 Days of Solstice/Christmas for my beloved Jack and our darling babies of the year 2011. Rating: PG-13 Summary: Ace thinks he gets to hold a Christmas miracle in his arms until he's reminded of what a true Christmas miracle is. Spoilers: None Warnings: Het, Original Character Word Count (excluding heading): 2,799 Timeline: Follows the author's \"The First Time He Met His 'Demon' Woman\", \"Close Encounters\", \"Third Time's A Charm\", \"Four Fallen\", \"Full Moon Rising\", \"Where Love Never Ends\", and \"Of Trolls and Leprechauns\" Disclaimer: Ace Ventura, Pet Detective, and Spike are ﾩ & TM their respective owners, not the author, and are used without permission. Pet Detective Kathleen \"Kat\" O'Hara, Captain, the rest of the animal characters mentioned within, and everything else is ﾩ & TM the author; none of these characters may be used without permission. The author makes absolutely no profit off of this work of fan fiction, and no copyright infringement is intended. He ran through the busy, bustling street as carolers sang and last minute shoppers fought over what gifts were left. He kept his head bent low, and his thin arms wrapped around him as he struggled to make his way down the street and against the crisp, biting air of the North Wind. It was Christmas Eve, and Ace Ventura ran apparently alone with his treasures tucked unseen by the milling humans against his scrawny body. They should have already been home, Ace reflected sadly, snuggled into the thick blankets he kept sprawled across his cold apartment this time of the year. They should have been home and ready to unwrap the few presents he'd managed to accumulate for his best friends, the catnip mice for the cats, the couple of boxes of dog biscuits for the dogs, and the few other gifts he'd managed to squirrel away enough dollars over the last year to buy for his animal friends. He had nothing at home waiting for himself but his friends, and that was just fine by him. He felt the pressure against his chest begin to shiver and wrapped his arms more tightly around the little puppy he'd rescued just two hours earlier. He was cold, the puppy even colder, and he knew he had to hurry and get the baby lizards curled into the pockets of his striped pants out of this winter weather for they'd surely freeze if they were out here much longer. Ace sighed and doubled his speed again. He didn't know why his car had to break down again today, of all days. If he could ask Santa Claus for just one thing, it would be for perfect happiness, harmony, and safety for all the animals in the world. The second thing would be a car, and he wouldn't even care what kind of a car it was as long as it ran the way it should, which his broken-down heap of a vehicle never had. He was just turning a street corner when a door opened. He narrowly missed running straight into it as he skittered around it. The stale and strong scents of beer and whiskey assaulted his nose and made his newest puppy whine. Yet, with those awful scents and the loud raucous of rowdy voices doing poor imitations of Christmas songs, came a flash of heat that was most welcome in the cold. Ace would have been tempted to stop into the bar himself normally, but he couldn't afford to drown his troubles in the relief that alcohol offered lest he fail to be the ultimate protector his animal friends needed. He was beginning to run on pass the bar when he saw a woman emerge and stopped dead in his tracks. She stumbled and would have fallen if she hadn't grabbed the door's edge. She belched, and Ace could smell the scent of whisky on her breath even from the few feet that still separated them. Still he stood riveted and held captive by her beauty as he had been since the first time he'd set eyes upon her. \"Kat O'Hara,\" he spoke her name in surprise, his eyes growing wider. What in the world was she doing getting drunk on Christmas Eve? \"Tha' be me name,\" she slurred, her emerald eyes flashing all around her. \"Who be stupid enough tae be callin' it?\" She curled her hands into fists, her black fingernails pointing upwards, and Ace ran to her. Though he knew she could easily kill him on the spot with little more than a mere thought, he bravely caught her hands in his. Recognition dawned in her besotted eyes, and she tugged against his grasp. \"Let gi o' me, ye bloody bastard, 'fore'n I fry ye!\" \"You could fry me,\" he whispered, \"but then every one on this street would know your secret.\" He cocked his head and gazed worriedly into her eyes. \"Why are you drunk, Kat?\" \"Who said anythin' 'bout me bein' drunk?\" she demanded. Her slurred voice broke off into Gaelic, and chills swept through him as she ranted, her emerald eyes flashing. Then, as easily as her words had shifted into her native tongue, she returned to English. \"Besides, if'n I am drunk, 'tis me own damn business tha' I am!\" He shrugged his slender shoulders as he fought down the primal urges roaring within him to take her into his arms, hold her against her will, love her as he knew she so sorely needed, and protect her from the cruelty of the humans all around them. \"I just thought you'd be spending Christmas with your animal friends,\" he told her with an innocent smile, \"like I plan on doing with mine.\" \"I will be,\" she snarled. \"Who said I would nae be? I'll be back wit' 'em soon. 'Tis nae like they're goin' anywhere, nae like . . . \" She paused. Pain flashed in her glowing, green orbs, and she again shot off into an angry tirade of Gaelic. Ace had no idea what on Earth she was saying, but her beautiful voice, though filled with fury, still caressed his ears and made his heartbeat quicken. He'd love to understand what she was saying, even if she was cussing him for everything bad in the book, but the clearing of a male voice caught his ears and pulled his attention away from his beautiful Kat's tirade. It was the proud, tabby cat sitting on top of Kat's black-clad shoulders who had made the sound, and Ace's eyebrows shot up as he saw the cat pointing to something before his beloved mistress' head! Ace's eyes grew wide, and then slowly he smiled. \"Be that as it may,\" he told Kat suddenly in a tone far smoother than he felt, \"I'd hate to be the one to break tradition.\" She struggled even harder against him as he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her closer against him. \"I'll fry ye tae bloody soot, ye bastard!\" \"No, you won't,\" he told her gently. There was neither accusation nor threat in his voice as he stated the mere fact. \"I've got three lizards in my pockets and a puppy in my shirt. You won't do anything to me, because you won't want to hurt them.\" He wondered what Spike would think if he could see him now, but he'd left his best friend at the apartment to finish getting their place ready for Christmas. She struggled against him like a wild animal, but if there was one thing Ace Ventura knew, it was how to hold on to and calm a wild beast. He wrapped his arms more tightly around her and stroked her back with his slightly trembling hands. The puppy whined and poked his little, furry head out of Ace's Bahamas shirt just as Kat's eyes had been narrowing in on him again. He yipped, and Kat let out another string of Gaelic. This time, Ace knew for sure that it was a curse, but he didn't let it bother him. Instead his grin just grew, spreading further over his handsome face as he told her, \"I'm not the one standing underneath mistletoe, beautiful.\" Then, before she could fight him any further, Ace leaned up and pressed his lips to hers. She struggled even harder against him, but he kept his arms wrapped around her and continued kissing her. He heard shouts from inside the bar as men who had watched the fiery woman congratulated him for getting this far, but they didn't matter. Nothing mattered to Ace except his animal friends and this most beautiful of the human females who shared his love for their furry, scaly, and feathered friends. He kept kissing her, his tongue slipping out from between his lips to press against her closed mouth, and slowly he felt her begin to grow limp inside the safety of his arms. His heart warmed and then soared to heaven as he felt her, at long last, begin to return his kiss. The puppy yipped; Captain mewed. Still Ace kissed Kat, his tongue finally managing to pry her lips apart, seep pass her guard, and bury itself in the warm, sweet, and silken contours of her hot, Irish mouth. He'd told her he had three lizards in his pocket, and it wasn't a lie. The two lizards he'd rescued slept in tight, curled balls inside the depths of his pockets, and the third pressed against her womanhood between their clothes, straining against Ace's striped trousers and roaring with his need to feel her closer. His hands swept up and down her back. His tongue twisted against hers, and he deepened their kiss. His brown eyes had been gazing into her emerald orbs all this time, but now, slowly, they began to drift shut as they were overcome with the incredible passion sparking between the two of them. He should have recognized his warning at that time, however, as Kat's own eyes popped wide. He should have known she was beginning to sober up some and realizing what she was doing, but he was too lost in the moment to see the anger beginning to flash again in her emerald orbs. Her lips slowed against his; a whimper broke free from his mouth. He attempted again to deepen their kiss and pulled her harder against him. His brown eyes shot wide open as she stomped down on his foot, and then he yowled with pain as she bit his lip. She pushed against him, her hands shoving against his thin shoulders, as she declared, \"Di nae e'er come tha' close tae me again, ye bloody bastard!\" Her words again broke into Gaelic as she stormed pass him, and Ace turned slowly behind her fury to see her best friend and partner still gazing at him from her shoulder. Captain winked at him, causing Ace's frown to deepen and his forehead to furrow. No animal had ever purposefully gotten him into trouble before, and then as he heard snow bells jingle from somewhere further down the street, Ace realized Captain's silent message. They both knew that Kat needed more loving than what she allowed herself to receive, and although she was furious at him now and would still be thrilled to get a chance to fry his butt, she had melted. For one glorious moment on this Christmas Eve, wrapped in his arms and the glowing love he offered her, the far too proud and angry Detective Kat O'Hara had melted in his arms! \"YES!\" Ace shouted, jumping into the air for joy and throwing his fists up with congratulatory punches. The puppy still wrapped inside his shirt wriggled against him. His little tail beat at Ace's chest, and he barked happily. The little guy didn't have an idea what he was so happy about, Ace knew, but he'd soon learn. He'd have a mother yet! He rubbed his head and then felt one of the lizards slide back against the thin material of his trousers separating him from Ace's skin. An icy cold touched Ace as the lizard brushed against him, and Ace's joy fell. He had to hurry home! He had to hurry and get those two babies some heat, or it would be too late! He started to rush down the street but paused as he heard a weak, little mew. He turned around and saw a tiny, fuzzy head gazing at him from the alley way. The baby kitten was barely as big as one of Ace's hands, and her green eyes were the largest thing about her. They stared at him, and he gazed back into her pools, seeing her hunger, sorrow, fear, and coldness. He dashed into the alley and had her in the safety of his hands within scant minutes. He would have called finally getting to kiss Kat O'Hara a Christmas miracle, but as Ace held the small, shivering kitten and pressed his lips to her furry, gray head, he knew he was wrong. Kissing any woman, even Kat, wasn't a miracle, but rescuing this poor darling, and each of the little lives he held and protected, was indeed a miracle. \"Now, you,\" he told her, raising her in his hands and gazing up at her, \"really are a Christmas miracle!\" He brought her down to him and kissed her again; her playfully batting, fuzzy paws fell gently against his handsome face. Ace tingled inside as she began to purr to him, and the tingles he felt now were far different from those his beautiful, beloved Kat had poured into his heart, soul, and body while they'd kissed. This was a true Christmas miracle, and this was what he lived for! He kissed the kitten again and tucked her into his shirt. After making sure the alley was empty of any other lives needing his protection, help, and love, Ace hurried on toward his apartment. It wasn't much, he thought, as he jingled his keys into the door. It was small, poorly furnished, cold, and dirty, but it was home. He opened the door after the third jingle, slipped inside, shut and locked it behind him, and then leaned against his frame. He let his eyes drift shut for a moment as he felt his animal friends beginning to come to him before he even called for them. It had been a busy day full of miracles, and despite his car breaking down and the fact that he had no Christmas feast or even warmth awaiting him, Ace was happy. It was a glorious Christmas, and he received one last Christmas wonder as he opened his eyes to the calls of his animal brethren and gazed about him in awe at the apartment. He shook his head slowly, his brown eyes growing big and beginning to fill with joyful tears. A banner stretched across the top of his ceiling, and the writing that had been scribbled on it by caring paws welcomed him home. Gold and silver lights sparkled on a tall Christmas tree, and Ace shook his head in wonder. Blankets were still strewn across his little apartment along with tattered remains of bows, ribbons, and wrapping paper, but there were more presents tucked beneath the biggest tree he'd seen in years waiting to be opened than he'd ever thought possible. Some of his animal friends were gathering around him, eager to welcome both him and the newcomers to home, while others were beginning to push some of the presents out from underneath the tree to him. Ace gently put the puppy and kitten on the floor; they were instantly surrounded by penguins, raccoons, and other cats who would led them to milk and food. He emptied his pockets. Two hawks swept down and gently picked up the freezing lizards in their talons. They flew through the apartment with them and dropped them directly before the heating lamp set up for the other amphibians. There, the tiny, green animals were covered by warm hands as their brothers and sisters helped them to revive. Ace looked back to the tree and grinned again as Spike swung up and down on its branches. He chattered happily, then swung from the tree's boughs to Ace's shoulder. Ace looked from him down to his animal friends who were bringing him presents. \"For me?\" he asked. \"*Of course,*\" Spike chittered in agreement and rubbed his face against his. He wrapped his small, furry arms around Ace's neck and gave him a big hug. \"*You don't think we'd let Christmas go by without thanking our father and best friend, did you?*\" Ace blushed. He didn't know how they had managed it, but he shook his head. \"No,\" he agreed and dropped to the floor. He was immediately covered by his animal friends, and though the presents with which he was presented were simple, old toys; saved bones; and bits of Mother Nature and things other humans had thrown away outside that somehow his friends had gotten while he was out on his errands and rescues, Ace showed that he was wowed by each and every one. In truth, it was the love he shared with his animal family that really filled him with such happiness and glee, and it was their love, and each of their lives that he and Spike had saved, that were his true Christmas miracles. \"Merry Christmas, every one!\" he called out. \"I love you!\" Then he tackled his friends onto the floor, wrapping them in his love and spending not only the rest of the holiday but all his life rolling and playing with them and always showing them how infinitely much he loved them and that they would always be his greatest treasures of all! The End ","Summary":" Title: \"Three Lizards and Mistletoe\" Author: Pirate Turner Dedicated To: My beloved, wondrous, an"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"A Little Understanding","Author":"MangoKat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8384688","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AuthorNote: Muha ha ha! For those of you who are my usual readers, you guys are probably going WTF MangoKat? I watched Ace Ventura for the first time since I was a kid and got a different perspective on his character and decided to explore it a bit. Sorry to confuse anyone reading my main series! ;p In this universe the third movie does NOT exist because it was so unbelievably terrible. If you disagree, then I apologize you had to be that in that movie. I hope your sanity recovers someday. Cheers. Any thoughts or suggestions are always encouraged! XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX A Little Understanding XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX X Ace sat high above New York City, his chin resting on his knees as he stared down at the turmoil that was Times Square. His usual, familiar haunt was Miami but he'd been working on a case for the past few weeks and was still getting used to such an enormous city. He didn't like New York and found it dull, grey, crowded with almost no plants or animals. He loved central park but it just wasn't the same; it felt too controlled. His capuchin, Spike, was curled around his neck silently, sensing his owner's strange mood and offered what comfort it could, clutching at his shirt uncertainly. The bright colours of the Hawaiian shirt were a stain against the blandness of the skyscrapers around him and he could easily be seen from the windows. The night air was frigid, the bitter breeze hinting at snow but Ace wasn't bothered, his breath coming out in small puffs as he watched the people below. Anyone who had ever met Ace knew he liked to be noticed and that he didn't care what people thought of him. Every fibre of his being radiated confidence and just a hint of insanity as he purposely infuriated everyone around him. He was a genius at getting under people's skin and they thought he did it purely for the attention, but they couldn't be farther from the truth. Ace wasn't a moron and every action he took had its reasons. They may have been selfish reasons but they did have a purpose. He was simply observing. With every scream of fury, yelp of surprise, look of astonishment, laugh of amusement and the hundreds of other emotions he managed to draw from his victim, he filed his observations away. Every human seemed to react a different way and he couldn't comprehend this. Animals were easy to understand but humans didn't make any sense to him. Animals were predictable, humans were not. Shifting his position slightly on the icy ledge, Ace's fingers rested on the rough stone and he couldn't stop the small shiver from making its way up his spine. Spike wrapped around him even tighter in an attempt to protect him from the cold and Ace rubbed a finger over the capuchin's head affectionately. Ever since he was a child, he had always loved animals but he had never been able to connect with people. He understood basic emotions and needs but not why humans reacted and acted the way they did. He loved his parents but didn't understand them. They had taken him to several doctors who had all told them he'd grow out of it over time. He never did. The older he got, the worse it seemed to get as he seemed unable to genuinely understand or connect with anyone. He would always tease, annoy, or chew too loudly and no one would want to be within ten feet of him. He always seemed to do something wrong whether it was on purpose or not. Far below on the street, a fight broke out between two teenagers and Ace watched the display with both interest and confusion. Humans claimed they were above primitive instincts but the more Ace observed their behaviours, the more he was inclined to disagree. One thing he did understand were animals and the signs of territory and anger. That's exactly what was being displayed below. Two males fighting tooth and nail over a bit of land they both claimed were theirs. Throw in a fertile female and some food and that fight could be 98% of the animals on the planet. Sighing, he allowed his eyes to drift closed, the wind feeling more and more bitter by the second. He wasn't sure how long he'd been sitting out on the ledge but he knew it must have been for quite a while as his limbs were beginning to feel quite numb. A few years ago his parents had taken him to see a specialist, assuring him that doctors had improved over the last twenty years or so and he'd grudgingly agreed to go. They'd run all sorts of weird tests on him which had taken several visits to complete. The tests were different than the ones they'd done on him as a child and were just a bunch of seemingly random questions and quizzes. When the results had come back, the doctor had then said he had some sort of disorder that began with ass or azzburgers or something mixed with a few other things that he couldn't be bothered to remember. It meant he had trouble comprehending emotions and had several different social disorders. This was nothing he couldn't have told them himself. The whole thing had been a waste of time in his opinion but his parents seemed relieved for some reason. It seemed they were just happy to finally have a word for whatever was wrong with him. From then on he had to listen to his parents loudly announce to relatives during get-togethers and events every time he embarrassed them that he had a 'disorder'. If he so much as spoke from his anus or choked on a pistachio, it was because of his 'disorder'. He stopped going to family get-togethers. There was the sound of the window sliding open from behind him with a sharp creak, the noise startling him out of his thoughts. He heard someone large lumber out through the window behind him and a moment later there was the click of a revolver. Ace let out a heavy sigh as he felt the cold steel press into the back of his skull. \"Well?\" the deep voice from behind him demanded. \"Have you made your decision?\" Very slowly, Ace opened his eyes and turned to look up at the man behind him. The man was large and burly, looking more like an ape than a human. His back was bent from years of bad posture and his head was shaven with no neck to be seen, a bright red tattoo of a snake on his shoulder. He was part of a local gang hoping to make it big and they had gotten lucky. That is until Ace had gotten involved. Unless they recovered their 'merchandise' they'd be right back at the bottom of the barrel where they belonged. Ace gave the man an infuriating grin and tilted his head up at him. \"I think my ass froze to the building.\" he stated lightly. \"You guys reeeeally know how to make a fella feel loved.\" The gun was nudged against his temple hard in warning. \"The boss ain't gunna give ya no more chances, Ventura. Where's the dog?\" Ace leaned back against the man's legs and seemed to ponder a long moment, his face a mask of over-exaggerated concentration before he answered. \"Have you considered hiring a pet detective?\" he asked innocently. The man let out a low growl, his eyes narrowing. \"Either you tell me where the mutt is or you might as well take a leap cause you ain't gunna leave this ledge!\" Ace's brown eyes slowly studied the aggravated man, sensing his hostility and knew from experience it usually didn't end well. The man was big, dumb and obviously felt himself the alpha of his pack and didn't like to be disrespected in any way shape or form. Ace knew if he pushed him too far, he probably would shoot him. The man bared his teeth at him, gave him another nudge. \"The dog!\" The dog in question had been the only one of its kind, a Crested Kingsler, technically a wolf, but it had been hand-raised since birth in an animal sanctuary in Peru. When the world had found out about its existence just a few months prior, the Kingsler family, a New York mob had staked claim on it. They ordered the wolf to be kidnapped and to be brought to their family restaurant. There the entire Kingsler mob planned to eat the only living Kingsler wolf. They had hired a local gang to retrieve the wolf for them as one of their member had connections in Peru. Ace gave the man a shrug. \"Sorry, tall, bald, and really, really ugly, I'm fresh out of dog. Try Lois Einhorn, she probably has some dog you can have...\" The man grabbed him roughly by the shirt collar and gave him a shake, causing Spike to let out a shrill cry of protest. That instantly sobered Ace as he didn't want his capuchin getting involved in this and he gave a grimace. He actually did know where the wolf was but he wasn't about to tell him that. The moment it was stolen, Ace had been immediately hired and the thought of seeing such a rare animal had been too tempting to resist and he'd eagerly accepted the job. His investigations had brought him all the way to New York City where he'd managed to get himself into deep trouble. He'd found the wolf safe and sound and had stolen it right out from underneath their noses. It was now re-homed with a little disabled girl in the country who thought it was a husky. The wolf was used to people anyway and who would take away a little disabled girl's puppy? As far as he was concerned, it was the best possible place for it. The man ripped him to his feet harshly and held him at the very edge of the ledge, the gun now pointed between his eyes. The man's expression seemed desperate, angry and perhaps just a little bit afraid. The Kingslers were putting pressure on his gang then. \"Spill!\" the man yelled into his face. \"Tell me where the damn dog is or I shoot!\" Ace stared at the man as he shook in fury and a large gust of wind ripped over the both of them, causing Ace's shirt to billow out behind him dramatically. Vaguely, Ace wondered if he did look dramatic at that moment. \"Did I ever tell you the story about the time I had to touch a bat?\" The man's expression darkened. \"I'm going somewhere with this, I promise.\" Ace assured him. \"There's a moral to it and everything!\" Without a word, the man clocked him upside the head with the revolver and Ace's vision went black for a moment. Blinking heavily as he felt a trickle of blood run down his temple, Ace blearily looked up. If the man hadn't of been holding him, he would have fallen. The man held up the gun as if he was going to hit him a second time. \"It's just a dog!\" the man snarled. \"Why do you care if some fat rich man kills one stupid, little dog?\" Ace couldn't help but get mad and stepped away from the edge which the man allowed. \"And you're just a stupid human!\" he retorted. \"A little stupid human who was beat with an ugly stick who should learn from his parents mistakes and use birth control!\" Both of the man's eyebrows rose in surprise as Ace shoved ineffectively on his chest. Sighing heavily, the man raised the gun and pointed it once again at Ace's forehead. \"You have a choice now. Tell me where the mutt is or I shoot you and the monkey.\" Ace's eyes widened in horror. \"Leave Spike out of this, you monster!\" The man gave him a smirk and turned the gun until it pointed at the capuchin. \"Talk, Ventura.\" Ace glanced at the gun, at Spike then back again, letting out a careful gulp. Slowly reaching up his hands to his shoulder, he lifted the monkey down into his arms, keeping his eyes on the gun. The man said nothing, simply watching with a frown, and without warning Ace flung Spike off the side of the building. Clearly shocked, the man's mouth dropped open and he watched the capuchin sail through the air then land harmlessly on a nearby fire escape. Ace cackled at him as there was no way the man could now get a clear shot. The man stared a moment then gave a shrug and turned back to face him. He pointed the gun back at Ace's face. \"Talk or die.\" he said in a tone that left no room for negotiation. Ace thought back to the wolf when he'd found him locked in a kennel waiting to be slaughtered in the Kingsler's family's kitchen. The wolf had somehow known its death was coming as all animals did and was just laying there mournfully. When Ace had liberated it, he'd seen the genuine joy in its eyes and that was what he did this job for. The moment an animal was back in its familiar setting or was content once more, Ace loved that grateful look they gave him. Humans rewarded him but animals did too in their own way. He couldn't disappoint the wolf. It had had enough disappointments in its life. Readying himself, Ace turned towards the edge and spread his arms. The man raised an eyebrow and slowly lowered the gun. \"Really?\" he questioned. \"Are you serious?\" Ace didn't answer, for once not having anything to say. He had made it his mission to protect those who could not speak for themselves and allowed his eyes to close. He wouldn't allow them to win; he only hoped Spike would be alright without him. \"I hope I land on your car.\" he stated petulantly. \"And that your girlfriend is inside it. And that your insurance has expired.\" The man gave him a downright skeptical look as Ace hesitated, standing at the very edge, tipping precariously then he said. \"Just tell me where the damn dog is, Ventura. I'm tired of standing out here.\" Taking a deep breath, Ace allowed himself to fall forward. Letting out a curse, the man caught him by the back of the shirt just in time. Surprised, Ace glanced over his shoulder just as the man yanked him back onto the ledge. \"Dumbass!\" the man yelled into his face. \"If you die, I die! You need to tell me where the stupid dog is!\" Now Ace understood the reason he was saved. \"Sorry. Not going to happen. You should have just let me fall.\" The man narrowed his eyes to small, angry creases. Still, holding onto his shirt tightly, he dragged him towards the open window. \"Don't worry, I'll make you talk one way or another.\" he promised. \"I will not have the Kingsler Family come down on me because of you!\" The man crawled through the window awkwardly then yanked Ace through brutally after him. One would never expect they were in a mob hideout cleverly disguised as a well known office building at Times Square. Wonders never ceased. Ace was dragged by dozens of shady looking individuals who openly stared at him in disgust until they reached a room locked with a deadbolt. The man unlocked it and threw him inside without a word. Ace hit the floor hard and layed stunned a long moment before carefully sitting up just as the door was closed and re-locked. The room was completely empty besides a lumpy looking cot and a mop bucket in one corner. There were no windows and no other pieces of furniture. The single lightbulb above him flickered and Ace blinked once then twice as realization of his situation slowly dawned on him. There would be no escaping this room. He'd be trapped until they decided to either kill him or release him. He was here to stay. Reviews Make The Author Happy! ","Summary":" AuthorNote: Muha ha ha! For those of you who are my usual readers, you guys are probably going WTF "},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Goosed","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12472620","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She's thousands of miles away from home when he enters her life again. She's on the trail of a very unusual animal and trying to not make a scene and simply wipe out the entire village - albeit only due to her Captain's gentle, purring persuasion - when she hears shouts in foreign voices and a male screaming like a little girl. Her red head jerks up, and Kat's hands immediately raise into the air, fingers splayed and at the ready. \"Eeeasy,\" Captain purrs into her ear, gently kneading her shoulder through her black tank top. Even in the Arabian heat, Kat's still dressed entirely in black although she did leave her trench at the dingy hotel room in which they've been staying. The landlord didn't want to rent to her when he realized she has animals, but nobody's missed him yet. \"You don't know what's going on.\" \"Din't matter,\" she mutters darkly. \"Filthy humans. World'd be a better place if ye jest let me wipe 'em all oot.\" \"Aye,\" he acknowledges calmly, his tattered, tabby tail swishing, \"but how would you get all the animals home?\" A goat bleats at them. Woman and cat watches the animal pass on a tether of rope wrapped around his owner's hand. \"We've got Chan's plane.\" \"And customs? How would you get them all pass them?\" \"Fry 'em,\" Kat hisses. \"That works just about every time, I know, Kat, but it's not going to happen this time. Even if you burned down the entire landing strip and every building there, and exploded every person there, there would still be some link to you. Places like that have cameras that are linked to computers in other places.\" He says all this while still kneading her shoulder and swishing his tail gently back and forth. Kat makes a face. \"Ye an' all this talk o' modern technology. How th' Hell'd ye e'er learn such? Nae from me Grandpa, I knae - \" \"No, but I read. I watch movies.\" \"It's all bullshit - \" The screams and shouts have been continuing to draw closer the entire time they've been talking, but now the people round the far bend of the village. Kat sees a flash of bold colors, far too bold for this little backwater village in the Middle East, and turns toward the man who's still screaming like a girl. \"Tha' cannae be tha' bloody idiot - \" Aisling barks beside her and wags her tail. There's a chuckle in Captain's voice as he answers, \"I believe it is.\" \"What th' fuck is he doin' here?!\" It's only then as all three of them - woman, cat, and dog - are calmly watching the American that Kat hears the panicked honking and flapping wings of the bird he holds in his arms. The goose screeches. An egg pops out and hits the ground but doesn't break. The villagers immediately behind the scrawny man pounce on the egg, and Kat sees a flash of gold as the men fight over who gets to keep it. The women dart around their men's struggle and continue after the man and the goose who laid the golden egg. \"Damn him!\" Kat hisses, emerald green eyes blazing with her fury behind her shades. \"How th' Hell did he find her? We've been huntin' fer o'er a week!\" \"That doesn't matter,\" Captain snaps, taking charge. \"What matters is they're about to catch the boy and the bird!\" \"Hmph. Not on me watch.\" Kat raises her hands higher. Captain's tail slashes through the hot air. Aisling's barking becomes higher pitched and more urgent. The collie's tail stops wagging as the screaming people, the wildly dressed man in the lead, come closer. \"VENTURA!\" Captain bellows. Ace Ventura screeches to a halt. \"THIS WAY!\" Captain yells again just as Ventura hears something pop behind him and the villager's screams turn from anger to sheer terror. There are more popping sounds. Ace runs faster. He darts pass the fiery woman with blazing red hair and her hands raised and busy doing what he doesn't dare look behind him to watch. Aisling yips as another person explodes and turns her furry head away from the scene. \"Kat,\" Captain growls but then does the feline equivalent of a shrug and lets the woman go. He knows there's no stopping her once she's began. The herd of people is gone in a matter of seconds. Their clothes and even shoes are gone as well. The only sign left of them is the strangely colored dust spread out across the sand. The wind's already beginning to blow it away. Kat looks behind her with a grin. She can just see the tail end of the man darting around the corner of the last building in the street behind her. She smirks dangerously. \"Don't,\" Captain warns, sticking his claws into her shoulder. \"He's a good human, that one - \" \"Nae such t'ing,\" Kat mutters. She's smiling as she taps his ass with a pinch of fire. Ace yells at the top of his lungs, jumps, and keeps running. Captain smiles as he watches Kat let the man go. She may never admit it, but he knows she's noticed that Ace also takes care of the defenseless animals who enter his path. He also, evidently, goes out of his way to find those who need his help and give it to them. The two are more alike than Captain knows Kat will ever admit. Aisling barks. Kat gently ruffles the collie's head. \"'Tis okay, lass. They're all gone now.\" Aisling looks around at the emptied street. The goat bleats at them again where he stands chewing on some kind of weed. Aisling looks up at Captain and yips at the wise, formerly alley cat. Captain grins back down at her. \"*He's alive*,\" he mews back at her in the language of the animals. \"*She only goosed him.*\" Aisling's tongue slips out of her mouth as she laughs quietly, sky blue eyes dancing. \"Aye,\" Kat acknowledges, walking forward and gathering first the goat's tether, \"an' he's got th' goose.\" \"It doesn't matter that he got her instead of us,\" Captain tells his woman, once more swishing his tail. \"What matters is that she's safe.\" Kat inclines her head in a nod, and from the look on her face, Captain knows she's seriously considering the fact that the bird is safe now. She hooks the goat's tether around her fingers, then gently slips the loop over his horned head. He bleats his thanks and licks her fingers. She strokes his nose for a moment before dropping the rope and moving forward. The rope's gone, completely disintegrated, before it ever hits the ground. She walks over the dust of the humans' remains to reach the gold egg. She picks it up and examines it carefully, turning it over and over in her hand. \"It's okay to use it,\" Captain advises her softly. \"Your grandfather would. It's natural for the goose to pass them, and it will go towards helping others.\" Kat nods and secures the egg into the backpack on Aisling's back. She pets the dog and the goat who's joined them, then leads the way back toward home. Captain glances once back in the direction of the other American, his furry brow furrowing with consideration, but Kat's gentle hand scratching his head soon makes him forget the man. He'll make it home, the old tabby knows, and they'll see him again one of these days. Their paths are more linked than Kat will ever want to believe - until she does. The End ","Summary":" She's thousands of miles away from home when he enters her life again. She's on the trail of a very"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Our Winged Spawn of Satan","Author":"maxfang28","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4698549","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Our Winged Spawn of Satan Total's Gone Max POV: \"Maaaxx! Total's gone!\" Angel sobbed. I turned towards her, seeing her tear-stained cheeks and reddened eyes. \"Oh, sweetie, he's here somewhere,\" I said in my oh-so leaderly way. Her sad eyes looked up at me, giving me a lump in my throat. \"I checked everywhere,\" she said, fighting back another round of tears, \"he's gone! He must have run away. I…\" she started to say something, but tears welled in her eyes, and she collapsed into my arms, sobbing. I stroked her hair, as I always did when Angel was like this. I came to a decision. One that I would really regret. \"We'll find him, honey,\" I said, just as Fang walked by me, surprise in his eyes. I mouthed \"Total\" to him. He nodded. If he would just talk sometimes, the world would be a simpler place. Nudge ran over to Angel, hearing her cry. \"Ohmygosh, what's wrong? Is Celeste gone? If she is, we can just go back and get a new one, and you won't even know the difference!\" Angel came out of my arms to face Nudge. \"Total's gone!\" she cried. Tears welled in Nudge's big, brown eyes, but she still went to hug Angel, just like a big sister. \"Well, let's go find him then,\" I said, resisting the urge to just let him die. And dance on his tiny grave. Haha… Max that winged dog is important to Angel. Is there no time when the Voice will tell me something important, like, oh I don't know how to save the world? I wouldn't do it in front of her! I would…wait until she was asleep and…bam! Tiny puppy grave dancing. Oh that would be nice. I inwardly smiled at the image in my head…I don't think I'll tell you what's going on in there. Would you really hurt Angel like that? I would hurt Total like that. I think I would have taken that penguin. It wouldn't talk or eat pretzels. Or talk in French to Malamutes. I thought. The Voice was silent. Shocker. We gathered the Flock and set out to find our talking winged spawn of Satan. Ace POV: \"ALRIGHTY THEN!\" said Ace, to the new winged dog that had appeared on his doorstep. \"You are a strange species. A cross between a…\" he looked closer at the dog. \"Scottie and…a raven. Am I mistaken?\" The puppy looked up. \"Yes. I'm just a Scottie. I was in a spring in Antarctica and I grew wings. I smelled this Malamute I fell in love with and came over here. Do you have any coffee? I just can't wake up without it.\" the Scottie said. The unfazed Pet Detective looked down. For a minute, he said nothing. Then… \"I see! I only have tea. Coffee ruins the senses and desensitizes the mind! It also goes right through small puppy bowels, as I see you have.\" The Scottie cocked his head. \"Who are you?\" he asked. A smile spread across the man's face. \"I'm ACE VENTURA!\" he yelled, then whispered \"Pet Detective.\" A/N: How'd you like it? Me and youngmety24 made this. Yes, we're dorks. We admit it. But it was either this or a Chowder/Ace Ventura crossover. So…we'll do that next. Please review! ","Summary":" Our Winged Spawn of Satan Total's Gone Max POV: \"Maaaxx! Total's gone!\" Angel sobbed. I turned to"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"A New Year, A New Friend","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7754897","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"A New Year, A New Friend\" Author: Pirate Turner Dedicated To: Our beloved babies, both those whom we have lost and those we still have, to all those innocent souls we've rescued, and to my beloved husband Jack, who always keep us all going and saves us all. I love you all, my darlings! Rating: G Summary: The first rescue of the new year. Warnings: Drabble Word Count: 100 Date Written: 4 January, 2012 Challenge: For the 100wordstories LJ comm's bi-weekly challenge Disclaimer: Ace Ventura, Pet Detective is ﾩ & TM his respective owners, none of which are the author. Everything else is ﾩ & TM the author. The author makes absolutely no profit off of this work of fan fiction, and no copyright infringement is intended. His brown eyes shone sadly as he faced the tiny, scared face. Dropping to his knees, he gave the baby a broad, reassuring grin. Scooping kibble out of his pocket, he held it out. He remained statuesquely still as she slowly inched toward him. He didn't even move when her pink tongue tickled his flesh. He let her eat her fill and waited patiently for her acceptance before finally hugging her to him. She was no longer lost. He'd saved her, and the new year had started off well. Smiling, Ace headed home with his new friend wrapped in love. The End ","Summary":" Title: \"A New Year, A New Friend\" Author: Pirate Turner Dedicated To: Our beloved babies, both th"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"the ventura twins","Author":"ariedling","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5806451","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The ventur twins just arrived in affrica. They were herer to start collecting clues for dads case. he was 40 miles away solving another case. Thease two were a bit nervious. Not only were they far from home but they were meeting fulton for the first time. Jane ventura was scared. she hoped he'd like her and her brother ace jr. They were also meeting spencer dads arch enemy. This was all part of there biggest fear, being away from mom and dad for 4 nights. Being ten you dont get much practice. It was hard to leave there nice warm house with mom and sister ceclie by the fire. The night bcefor they left mom was rocking in her chair while the twins along with 8 year old cecily were playing with baby danial. jane closed her eyes, it was a nice memory. \"come on jane were here\" ace said grabbing his bag. As soon as they got of the plane they saw fulton. They also saw a nice big grassy area that both longed to run in. being on a plne for 14 hors at ten years old was not fun. \"so your fulton\" jane said when they walked up to him. \"who are you\" an older man said. \"you must be spencer\" ace said. He looked very clean to the twins. From there exspernce clean grownups could never be bad only boring and mean at times. \"wait\" fulton said with a shock \"your not the ventura twins are you\" jane and ace nodded there heads. In the distance was an elfant. It was the biggest thing the twins ever saw. \"I cant belive how small and well clean you are\" spencer said. \"it is hard to get dirty on a plan\" jane said. \"and mom and dad would never want our first imprssipon to be bad\" ace said. This made both adults smile. \"my my i cant belive ace would have such.. clean well behaved kids.\" Spencer said. \"so have you two really gone on real safari's\" ace asked. \"yes we have\" fulton said putting there bags in the front. \"wow thats cool mother and father would never let us do anything that dangrious\" ace said. They were on there way to the counclet now. Fulton had fun telling them of his latest safari. No one else he knew looked this imprssed. \" we never kill animals though\" he finished rembering ace was agenst this. \"Thats good\" jane said. \"i herd some poachers kill elefonts for there tusks.\" Ace said trying to impress fulton. it worked \"thats right.\" he said. ","Summary":" The ventur twins just arrived in affrica. They were herer to start collecting clues for dads case. "},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"A Party All His Own","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12472578","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As their target looks up, Ace quickly darts back around the edge of his window. He pushes his back against his thin wall, flattening himself as well as he can out of the view of their target. He shakes his head at his companion's wide grin. \"You can't hit that,\" he says. His friend answers him by sticking out his long, pink tongue. \"Not without being seen, at least,\" Ace amends. His companion nods his head in persistence. He knows he can hit the target without ever being caught despite what the Pet Detective claims. He waits patiently, chewing the wad of sugar in his mouth, gnashing it between his big teeth, and waiting for the perfect moment. Just as the man moves to step into the cab he's hailed, he leans out just over the window ledge, aims with clear intent, and lets his sugar and spit fly. Ace jumps into the window beside his friend just as the alpaca lets go of his gum and spit. It lands square in the man's head. The alpaca laughs. Ace whoops with joy. The off duty cop slowly reaches a hand up to his head, touches the spit with two fingers, pulls his fingers back into his eyesight, and visibly shudders. Then he glowers up at Ace's window, just as Ace ducks back out of sight, pulling the alpaca with him. \"You did good, boy,\" he says as Spike tries to hand him a banana. Ace looks at him. \"Hairy doesn't want that,\" he tells him. A nearby squirrel chatters and offers up a nut. Ace shakes his head. \"Not that either.\" A wolf pup offers a bone, but again Ace shakes his head. \"You keep that, fella,\" he says, ruffling the puppy's gray fur. A cat bounces a ball to him; Ace rolls it back to her. At last, a chimpanzee brings up a handful of sweet hay. \"Perfect,\" Ace compliments, grabbing the hay. \"Thank you.\" He gives the hay to the alpaca, keeping a single strand for himself and rubs the top of his head right between his large ears. \"You did great, Harry!\" he says approvingly again before slowly rolling to his knees. Ace chews on his strand of hay as he ever so gradually rises his gaze above the window ledge again. The cab's gone, taking Sergeant Aguado with it. Ace bellows with laughter, remembering the look on the cop's face when Hairy got him again. Ace had gotten a few good shots in himself before the cop had almost caught sight of him, but Hairy had maneuvered that last spitball with the effortless grace and perfect aim that only an animal could have. Ace's laughter rings throughout his apartment. The birds and squirrels chitter with joy. Cats meow, dogs bark, and snakes hiss. Soon, all his animal friends are shaking with laughter themselves. Most of them wouldn't know why they're laughing if he asked them except for the fact that he himself is laughing and they hear his laughter far too rarely these days. A broom thuds against Ace's floor. \"KEEP YOUR VIDEOS DOWN, NATURE BOY! NOBODY ELSE WANTS TO HEAR THAT STUFF!\" Ace covers his mouth with his hand and barely stops himself from shooting off an angry retort to his old landlady. He rolls his eyes instead and calls back obediently, \"YES, MA'AM! I WOULDN'T WANT TO INTERRUPT YOUR NAP!\" The old woman is always sleeping if she's not making his or another tenant's life Hell. \"SEE THAT YOU DON'T!\" Ace rolls his eyes again. \"Yes, Satan,\" he whispers, making Spike chatter louder. Ace covers the monkey's hand with his mouth. \"Sh,\" he says, looking around his apartment at the other animals who are all laughing more softly now. It's a bright, Saturday afternoon in the middle of Summer. Aguado was leaving for vacation to a tropical paradise. Almost everybody in Miami was headed to one beach or another, but instead of the beach, Ace has been here for hours in the heat as his air conditioner always manages to stay broken surrounded by animals that everybody else would say smell. He sniffs the air as he considers this fact, but his friends and animals brothers and sisters smell just fine to him. \"Let them keep their beaches,\" Ace murmurs, petting Spike and scratching Hairy again. \"They can't be half as fun as being here with you guys. And you are going to fit in just fine,\" he continues, looking up at Hairy and remembering his uncertainty hours before about sneaking an alpaca pass his landlady. Hairy had had nowhere else to go, though, after he'd saved him from that miserable children's \"zoo\". He'll catch up with his new alligator friends later, but no one was going to make a sweater out of Hairy, who moved far slower than the gators, or boots out of Rip and Tide, for that matter. Ace had doubled back just long enough to make certain the gators had escaped to the sewer before continuing home with Hairy. \"One day we'll have it, boy,\" he says, getting to his feet and holding Hairy's long face in his gentle hands. \"One day we'll own this whole building and have air conditioning twenty four seven.\" He watches the sweat pooling in Hairy's wool. \"But for now,\" he says, giving a little whistle and holding his hand up, \"I think it's time we give you a hair cut.\" A blue jay swoops down, delivering scissors to Ace's outstretched fingers. \"Thanks, Leo,\" he says and pauses before starting to cut to look around at his animal friends once again. Hairy catches his eye with a sparkle in his own eyes and nods his head toward Ace's window. Ventura laughs again, bringing soft laughter from all the animals once more. \"We'll do some more soon,\" he promises, \"but first let's make your load a little lighter.\" Oh, yeah, he thinks as he starts to cut and knows the alpaca already trusts him entirely from how still and calm he stands, the humans can keep the beach and their human parties. There's no place he'd rather be than right here with his animal friends and family, sharing happily in the never ending party that is their life together. He chuckles again. \"And damn, you have good aim, boy!\" Hairy laughs, agreeing with him. Then he reaches over and runs his tongue all the way from Ace's thin chest up through his spiked, brown hair, thanking him once again for saving him and sharing his happy life with him. They may not have much even together, but they have each other, and all the other animals in Ace's apartment, and their lives and hearts are full of the treasures they do have. The End ","Summary":" As their target looks up, Ace quickly darts back around the edge of his window. He pushes his back "},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Ace Ventura On The Case","Author":"OceanFreak819","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5122147","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ace Ventura On The Case If there is any ***s, that just means that it's a replacement of letters in a bad word. Lots of people in the movie talk bad. I don't own anything here. Just Cedric, the other dude that fell, the 3rd guy that fell, and the doctor. Would Somebody Move The Fat Guy? AVPOV Something happened to the friggin' dolphin, Snowball at the Miami Dolphin's stadium. The bad thing is-it's almost Superbowl time. crap. But if anyone can help, it's me- Ace Ventura: Pet Detective. There was a little dog that was lost from this hot babe in the apartment next to me. I was a mailman too, so I went to this guy's door to give him the magazines he ordered. I wonder if he's married, because there was a Victoria's Secret catalog along with a Justice (store) clothing magazine. \"Excuse me, sir. Is this your wife's and daughter's magazine?\" I asked. \"H**L NO!\" He bellowed. \"Then...then who's is it?\" Creepy. \"It's mine.\" He mumbled. \"I'm sorry, fatty say what?\" \"WHAT DID YOU CALL ME YOU B***H?!\" After that, I took the puppy at the door and ran. Hehe. The lady who lost the dog was so happy! It crawled on top of her back, and she cuddled it for what seemed like forever. \"Thank you so much, Ace. Would you like to go out sometime?\" She asked. \"_______________________\" is what I said. Nothing. But I should have said, \"Oh, sure. That's be nice.\" She glared at me and said, \"Well?\" I ran. That's the story about how I got to save a cute little puppy, with beady eyes, and a furry tail. Wait- do you give a d**n? It's off topic, but true. Okay, here's what happened at the friggin' dolphin's tank: \"Uh, excuse me sir. What's going on?\" I tried to ask politely. \"You talkin' to me?\" The man said. \"Yes, ma'am. I mean sir. I mean poo-bah!\" Here comes a punch. \"What'd you call me?\" I gulped. \"MOVE!\" \"Move?\" \"Yeah, b***h! What happened to the dolphin, fatty?!\" \"Fatty? Nobody calls Cedric fatty.\" \"Why are you talking in 3rd person?\" I crossed my eyes and ticked him off. \"I'm Cedric. Gotta problem?\" \"Not really, fat a**.\" \"That's it!\" He yelped. He punched me in the nose, and before I knew it, I was on the ground. \"Would somebody MOVE THE FATTY?! He's in the way!\" That person fell with a thud. \"Excuse me. What happened to the dolphin? And your face?\" The other dude asked me. \"I was in line to see what happened, but I don't know. And, I called Cedric over there fatty.\" \"Woah. Same with me.\" \"Would somebody please move the fatty?\" The 3rd guy was on the ground. An ambulance was nearby. Cedric went to court, and I got crutches. \"Now then, doctor. Do you know what happened to Snowball?\" \"Snowball has been stolen. They need a detective to help.\" I sprung up from the bandages. \"Leave it to me.\" \"Crap. OW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\" Do you think that was funny? I don't know. But, it's my second Fanfiction story, and the first chapter to this. Please R&R;! ","Summary":" Ace Ventura On The Case If there is any ***s, that just means that it's a replacement of letters in"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Ace Ventura's Nosey Neighbour","Author":"Handsome Mr Darcy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11847235","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters. Please read and review. Ace Ventura was digging his way to Australia. Unfortunately for him he was being watched. The nosey neighbour was quietly recording everything that Ace was doing. Silly really as it was in the dead of night. SUDDENLY , a loud bang perforated the silence of the night, bringing Ace to an abrupt halt before he skittered sideways and disappeared inside. The neighbour ran for his life and was never seen again. Happily for Ace he got his garden back. (Footnote: the nosey neighbour was Inspector Gadget! As to the origins of the loud bang we shall never know.) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters. Please read and review. Ace Ventura was digging h"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Kiss of Fire","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12472615","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She blazes through the waiting room in a flash of black so swiftly that he almost misses her. It's only the sound of the door opening, a sound for which he's been waiting and fretting over coming for over an hour, that makes him look up when he does. \"HEY,\" he calls, \"YOU CAN'T GO BACK THERE!\" And then he does a double take. She's the same woman from before, the same woman who he expects has some radically cool power over fire, the same woman who's cussed him out and threatened him, the same woman who took on the enormous Troll last Saint Patrick's Day and won, and the same one who left him the best grass he ever had in that catnip cigar in the parking lot that day. He hasn't seen her in months, and yet now here she is, a cat perched on each shoulder, and as fast and rude as ever. He hears her snap back some curse in a foreign language. The thin, tabby cat on her right shoulder shakes his head in a silent warning at him, but Ace won't be deterred. \"I SAID YOU CAN'T GO BACK THERE!\" His mouth drops open when he notices the cat on her left shoulder just before the door shuts behind them. \"HEY, IS THAT A MOUSE ON THAT CAT'S HEAD?!\" He mutters to himself, shaking his head. That woman gets crazier every time he sees her! But he can't let her get away with it this time. He can't let her have her run on this place, not when the doctor's elbow deep in a very tricky surgery, not when his newest baby is at stake! He knows he's probably going to get burned - hasn't that English-talking cat already warned him of that very thing many times before? -, but he's got no choice. He can't let his little buddy's chances of survival be decreased because of a stubborn, Irish woman who's always in too much of a rush to see the green around her. \"HEY!\" Ace yells again, jumping to his sore feet. He runs after her, throwing the door open so fast that he almost hits one of the vet's helpers. \"She's ready to see you now, Detective Ventura,\" the girl tells him, but Ace barely hears her as he runs down the tiny corridor. He comes to a screeching halt and almost collides with the back of the woman. He blinks as he finds himself near to eye level with the tiny, grey mouse, who is indeed sitting on the head of an orange tom. The red-headed woman herself stands stock still in the doorway of the operating room where he left his friend in the best medical hands he knows. Her emerald green eyes are wide and moistening as she gazes at the animal on the sleek, cold operating table. The small, black ram wags his stub of a tail at her and bleats loudly. Her fingers curl, wanting to stroke his head, but she won't go closer to him - not yet, not only the veterinarian says it's okay. She stares at his cut face, his matted fur, and worse of all, his horns. One of his four horns has been completely broken off, and another is jagged. When she speaks, her demand is cold, level, and seems to hold Death itself in its verbal grip. \"Who did this?\" The vet shakes her head. \"We don't know yet,\" Doctor Tregarde sincerely tells one of her oldest friends. \"We need tae find oot. Immediately. So I can burn th' fuckin' bastard tae a crisp.\" The brunette studies her calmly. These are not new threats to her; she's heard them all before, every time Kat's encountered a new patient of hers in dire need of their help. But there's more to this little sheep's story than the other woman's ready to believe, she knows. \"We actually have another detective on the case right now.\" \"An'ther . . . Din't tell me it's tha' same cúl tóna ye've been tryin' tae set me up wit'?!\" Tregarde laughs, a gentle, musical sound that makes the ram wag his tail again. \"He's standing right behind you.\" \"I'll give 'im - \" Ace prepares to duck. \"He saved his life, you know, snuck into the circus and got him out of there all by himself.\" \"Really?\" Kat breathes uncertainly. The elder cat's tail gently taps her right shoulder. \"Yes. He's quite a brave man, actually.\" Slowly, Kat turns around in the doorway of her friend's operating room, and for the first time, she really looks at the scrawny man behind her. He's as thin as a toothpick, and his wildly colored clothes are torn into shreds. He may have snuck into the circus, but he didn't get out of there without a fight. Another part of her mind is already calculating that if the ram was hurt in the circus, then all the circus performers are guilty of abusing him and probably other animals, too. Of course, she already knows that circuses are places of death and torment. She's been planning to visit the new one in town for a couple of nights, but other cases have kept her away. No longer. She's going tonight. But right now, she's looking into the wide, wild eyes of a terrified and beaten man. She's looking into the pale, hungry face of a man who's ready to shy away from her, as he should be. But he's also the very same man who clearly risked life and limb to save the poor animal bleating on the table behind her. Passion flares inside Kat O'Hara, as hot as it's ever been, and almost before she realizes what she's doing, she's reaching out to a scared animal who's a member of the very same species as herself. Ace was ready to duck, but he didn't make it in time. Now her arms are wrapping tightly around him. Her hands are hot, but flames aren't burning his flesh - at least not yet. He trembles uncertainly in her arms as she yanks him closer. The cats are grinning at him. Even the mouse seems to be smiling. Then her lips are on his, her tongue's thrusting into hot and wild into his mouth, and he's a goner. He melts in her fiery embrace, moaning against the passionate onslaught of her mouth. Her tongue dives deep into his mouth, thrusting against his. He feels every inch of his heat, but then, just as suddenly as the passionate attack began, it's over. She literally drops him in the doorway. \"Good job,\" she mutters, smiling as she hears the sheep bleating behind her. A fire dances in her emerald eyes in the same, happy, excited pattern of the sheep's wagging tail. Then she steps smoothly over Ace's crumpled form and walks away, leaving him gasping and aching for breath, his mind whirling with the surprise she's given him. She can hear Tregarde laughing behind her. She's the only woman who'll ever get away with laughing around her, but Kat knows her old friend, who was her grandfather's friend before her, means her no ill, and she helps the defenseless animals of the world as best she can. Her gift is healing while Kat's is destruction, but still, she uses it for the right good. And so, too, apparently does the man she's left in the floor. She's not sure what his capabilities are, but he's clearly more than she's ever thought him before. That ram is alive because of him, and soon, more animals will be, too. She's got a car full of animals waiting for their shots, but she'll bring them back another day. Right now, she's got a different, more urgent mission. Ace watches her go, still gasping for air. Finally, he manages to find his tongue again. It's feeling more alive than ever before as he calls after the darkly clad woman's retreating form, \"CAN I AT LEAST GET YOUR NUMBER NOW?!\" But the only answer he gets is the slamming of doors. She's gone again. He's not surprised, but he is surprised at how she ravished his mouth. He's never been kissed like that before! He's still thinking about the passion she flooded into him the next morning when he reads the headlines of a circus being burned to the ground with the circus folk trapped inside but all their animals mysteriously - and, he knows, safely - vanishing. Ace smiles around his morning doughnut and wonders when he'll meet his feisty redhead again. And she is his, he vows, even if she doesn't know it yet. The animals are their destinies, and they have made them each other's destiny, as well. He smiles and begins to chatter a new song as he schemes of how he'll prove it to her and how, one of these days soon (he hopes), he's going to kiss a true pyrokinetic. The End ","Summary":" She blazes through the waiting room in a flash of black so swiftly that he almost misses her. It's "},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"The Kibble Song","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5701029","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"The Kibble Song\" Author: Pirate Turner Rating: G Summary: Ace makes up a song while he gets ready to go out. Spoilers: None Warnings: None Word Count (excluding heading): 1,086 Feedback: Yes, please! Archive: WWOMB, -- Anybody else, ask, and I'll probably grant permission. Disclaimer: Ace Ventura, Spike, and Marmaduke are & TM their respective owners, not the author, and are used without permission. No one can own the Source of All Evil, but this particular representation of him is & TM his respective owners, also not the author, and is used without permission. Everything else is & TM the author. The author makes absolutely no profit off of this work of fan fiction, and no copyright infringement is intended. Hot water poured down on Ace Ventura's body as he sang, belting out the words to a song he was making up at the top of his lungs. He was preparing for a party he really didn't want to go to but had to attend. His top suspect for the case he was currently working would be there, bringing who knew what for his dish, and Ace hoped he would let slip something that might lead him to the whereabouts of his ex-boyfriend's albino tiger. \"Make sure you bring plenty of kibble because you know it'll be far better than anything they have to offer!\" he sang and then picked the chorus back up as he rinsed. \"Oh the power of kibble! The might of kibble! Oh, how we love our kibble!\" He turned the water off, but it continued to drip slowly. He knew he should probably fix the broken faucet, but his animal friends loved licking the dripping water so much that he simply didn't have the heart to take it away from them. \"Oh, the might of kibble!\" he sang again, drawing the last word out a full minute as he tossed the shower curtain to the side. His best friend, Spike, tossed him a dry towel, and Ace caught it deftly. He grinned down at the animals who were standing on their hind legs with their front paws resting on the tub. Each wore a very attentive face, and he continued his song as he stepped carefully out amongst their clustering numbers. \"Oh, no, don't forget the kibble! You must remember the kibble for it's your one chance of maybe -- just maybe, possibly -- getting satiated!\" He glanced at the dog who was digging in the trashcan. \"Whatever they bring isn't even enough to make the dog wag his tail . . . \" The long-haired, spotted dog looked up at him with a grin that clearly said he didn't know what was happening but was glad to hear his species' name. He wagged his tail as Ace turned his gaze to the young, white cat who wound in and out of his wet legs. \" . . . let alone make the cat meow! Oh, don't forget the kibble! Don't forget the kibble or you'll starve!\" The sound of scampering feet made Ace look up just in time to see one of his penguin buddies waddling his way. He ducked to the side as the flightless bird jumped into the air, dove at the shower curtain, and then slid happily against the sleek wetness to the bottom of the tub. \"Humans don't know how to eat! They think that just because they've had it their whole lives, it's good, but we know better! Our taste buds are far superior! Give us the kibble! Give us the kibble! Give us the kibble!\" He was now almost fully dry. He gave his brown hair another patting down, then slung what few water droplets remained in his bangs out around the bathroom. Some animals skittered out of the way; others tried their best to catch the drops in their furry paws. Ace stepped out of the way again as a raccoon, cat, and another penguin headed for the tub. Spike's chittering sent a few of the animals to working. Ace took his shirt from Spike and pulled it on followed by his striped pants that a goat wore over his horns. A second raccoon tossed him a sock. He slipped it on, then looked around for the other one only to find a garden snake slowly pushing it to him. As he had taken each of his articles from one of his friends, Ace had paused to pet them as thanks. He stroked the snake, telling him, \"Thanks, buddy,\" then retrieved his other sock. Ace padded to the sink and brushed his teeth, his toothpaste and brush being handed to him from the tails of opossums, while he waited for the delivery of his shoes. He hummed the chorus of his song again as he brushed and had no sooner finished gargling than two of his canine friends arrived in the doorway of the small bathroom. Ace handed his toothbrush and paste back to the opossums, who put them up, then turned to meet the dogs. One dog was gigantic, the size of Marmaduke from the comics Ace always enjoyed reading with his morning kibble. The other was no bigger than a small chihuahua, was some sort of odd mix that Ace had yet to be able to deduce, and stood between his enormous bud's front paws. Ace took his shoes from their mouths and then yodeled out the last words of his song. \"Never forget the mighty, mighty kibble!\" Animals ran to him from all over the house except for those in the bathroom. They scampered out as the others came to the door, each holding a handful of dry kibble pieces up to their human savior. Ace petted every head in turn and took only some of the offered kibble from each little paw, slipping it into his pockets. The animals who had shared the bathroom with him while he was getting ready to go out returned. Each one who had paws held a paw full of kibble, and Ace treated them the same as he had the others. Then came the goat, the snakes, and a few others who had no paws. Some one -- Ace was sure it had to be Spike -- had hooked a small bag of kibble loosely around one of the goat's horns. The snake held three pieces of kibble on his tiny head. Each of the pawless animals had found a way to bring Ace some kibble, even if it was but only one piece. Ace thanked them all profusely, petting each in turn, until the line finally dissipated. Spike came last, swinging on the door. His face fell when he saw that every pocket Ace had was stuffed to overflowing. Ace grinned at his friend and held his mouth open. Spike screeched his joy as he put his kibble in Ace's mouth. Ace rubbed his head against the monkey's and stroked his back. \"Thank you,\" he said through the kibble. \"Keep everybody safe.\" He left smiling and was humming The Kibble Song again before he got into his car. He didn't know what the night would bring, but there was one thing Ace was certain of. There was no way he was going to starve tonight! The End ","Summary":" Title: \"The Kibble Song\" Author: Pirate Turner Rating: G Summary: Ace makes up a song while he ge"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Escape","Author":"GurlInYourNightmares","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8102448","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As Ace ran from the tribes he had just brought together, arms flailing about and legs running as fast as humanly possible through the thick jungle, all he could do was think \"What in Satan's name possessed me to cause all this!\" He looked back and saw that the natives were catching up quickly, and looked angrier than before (if that was even possible...). Just as a spear was being thrown in his direction, two hands, smaller than his own, clasped with his flailing wrists and, shakily yet quickly, pulled him up onto a sturdy branch almost hidden in the thick-leaved tree. Ace looked down and saw the tribes running by, unaware of his escape. Then, he looked over to his saviour, a familiar young man with beach-blonde hair in a small braided ponytail, spiked cuffs on his wrists, wearing an open black short-sleeved shirt with matching shorts, and a white(ish) tank-top underneath. The boy had a smirk plastered on this face. \"Hey Ace, I guess your 15 minutes of fame are up, huh?\" The boy snickered, plucking a banana from the tree. \"Oh haha, very funny Spike.\" Ace retorted sarcastically, crossing his arms and leaning back against the tree trunk. Spike, Ace's apprentice, just shrugged and took a bite of the fruit after he'd peeled it, the smirk replaced by a toothy-grin. ","Summary":" As Ace ran from the tribes he had just brought together, arms flailing about and legs running as fa"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Third Time's A Charm","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4758479","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"Third Time's A Charm\" Author: PiratenTurner Rating: PG for language Summary: Will the third timenbe the charm for Ace and Kat? Warnings: Het, OriginalnCharacters Disclaimer: Ace Ventura and Spike are © & TM theirnrespective owners, not the author, and are used without permission.nDetective Kathleen \"Kat\" O'Hara, Captain, Jacob, DoctornCatalina Tregarde, and all other characters mentioned within are © &nTM Pirate Turner and may not be used without permission. The authornmakes absolutely no monetary profit off of this work of fan fiction,nand no copyright infringement is intended. She sat in the corner of thenhospital's waiting room, surrounded by loving family, as she cradledna hefty baby in her arms. She shifted his weight slightly andnreadjusted the bottle. He grasped it eagerly with clumsy hands andndrank thirstily. She smiled at the satisfied grunts that came fromndeep within his throat but then frowned as another of her childrenncoughed and the daughter perched on top of her head sneezed. A momentnlater, a small, weak voice called, \"Polly wanna tissue?\" As a raccoon scrambled up the woman'snbody to give the sick parrot a Kleenex and help her clean up, Katnturned her gaze to the receptionist. She paid the other two-leggersnin the room scantly enough attention to send a silent snarl ofnwarning in their direction. They were clustered on the other side ofnthe room, their beady eyes glaring holes into the small group of hernfamily, and though she would have loved to burn the human lot on thenspot, she focused instead, out of respect both for the animalsnattached to their so-called masters and for the establishment itself,non the curly mophead of the blonde at the desk. \"What's takin'nso long?\" she growled the question on all their minds. The blonde paused in chewing her gumnto roll her eyes and state in a snobbish voice, \"I've alreadyntold you, Ms. O'Hara, the doctor is busy with an emergency patient.\" Kat turned worried eyes to the wickernbasket on the floor beside her. Her emerald eyes met the big,nchocolate eyes of the yellow Lab who kept watch over the basket'sninhabitants. The dog whined softly, her tail tucked between her legs,nand Captain meowed quietly into his best friend's ear. \"Thenbandage is nae goin' tae hold much longer.\" Kat closed her eyes briefly. She hadnalready known that the blood of her latest rescue would soon startnpouring again; he had only confirmed her suspicions. Her green eyesnpopped back open with renewed determination. The bear cub cried andnwaved his furry paws in his attempts to hold on to her and the bottlenas Kat placed him in the arms of the racoon and beaver who sat besidenher. She gave the bottle to an orange cat, who immediately began tonfeed the cub again, and stood with only the slightest fluttering ofnthe parrot's wings to warn of her change. Kat spoke to the tiger sprawlednbetween the basket and the other chair; the volume of her whisper didnnothing to hide the danger of her words to him. \"Let nae onencome near 'em, Jacob.\" The tiger answered her in a deepnrumble, his head resting on his massive paws as his eyes turned tongleam at the humans whose fear wafted to him in a disgusting aroma.n\"{{{I shall guard them with my life, Mom.}}}\" \"I knae.\" She swept a handnquickly over his furry head in a reminder of her infinite trust innand love for him. Trusting Jacob to protect the rest of their family,nKat lifted the basket and turned to the door that led back to thenoperating area. She strode toward it with fire dancing in her emeraldneyes. \"Ma'am, ma'am, you can't go backnthere!\" The receptionist hurried to try to block her, but thenredhead's next words stopped the blonde cold in her tracks andnstunned her so that her gum burst over her face. \"Gi tae Hell, bitch. I gi where Inwant tae. Try to stop me, an' ye'll end up in an early grave. Did naenCat warn ye nae to piss me off?\" \"Who . . . are . . . you?\"nthe dumb-founded blonde asked from around her spattered wad of gum. Kat rolled her eyes at the temp'snignorance. \"Detective Kat Tregarde.\" She heard the girl'snsharp intake of breath as she kicked her way through the closed door.n\"Next time read the damn sign in sheet, idiot.\" Shendismissed the blonde's startled, weak reply of \"Yes, ma'am,\"nas she continued on in her search for the doctor. When she found her, Cat was covered innblood up to her elbows as she fought to stop the massive bleeding ofna bull elephant who'd recently had a tusk removed. Kat nearly droppednthe basket in her surprise, and then her mouth fell open as shencaught a clear shot of the scrawny man who was helping her. He wasncovered in even more blood than the doc, his Hawaiian shirt andnstriped pants stained a deep, dark crimson. He caught a glance at hernat the same time. \"What th' Hell is he doin' 'ere?\" Katndemanded as he simultaneously asked the same question about her. Catalina Tregarde looked to thenstartled pair with slyness tingeing her blue eyes. \"Same as you,nKat: saving an animal. He was a bit late with this beg fellow here,nbut we'll get him through, especially now that you're here to help.\" \"She's going to help?\" thenman questioned even as Kat set the basket down and hurried forward. \"Yes, Ventura, if you want him tonlive.\" Ace hushed but watched the strange yetnbeautiful woman the entire time they worked vigilantly to save thenelephant's life. He was amazed by the way even her tabby cat did hisnbest to help. By the time they had stopped the bleeding, all fournwere soaked with blood but none let it bother them or even slow themnin the least. When at last the elephant sleptnsoundly, Ace stuck his blood-covered hand out to the gorgeousnredhead. \"Ace Ventura, Pet Detective.\" Kat stared long and hard at the mannwho seemed to have electricity coursing through his veins, judgingnfrom the bolts that had shot through her the few times he had brushednagainst her. She then turned her back to him, leaving him with hisnhand still extended, and refocused her attention on Tregarde. \"I'vengot an injured wolf an' a parrot wit' a cold. Samson's neeedin' hisncheckup, an' Jacob needs his annual eye exam. Where ye want us?\" Cat stifled a sigh as she reached outnand gently touched Ace's hand as it curled defensively into a fist.nShe knew it would do no good to try to convince Kat of Ace's goodnessnand many other fine attributes, even though the doctor knew the twonwere made for each other and had been looking forward to theirnmeeting for a long time now. \"Let him rest for now, Ace. I'll benback shortly.\" She walked away, wishing that Kat would ask atnleast half the questions about Ace that she knew he would about her.nShe could see his new love clearly in his eyes, but she knew, to Kat,nhe was just another human who she would never be convinced laid hisnlife on the line for animals, out of love for them with no thought tonmoney, just as much as she did. Ace lingered behind in the hugenoperating room, feeling awfully small, his eyes still glued to thenspot where he had last seen the magnificent Irish beauty called Katnlong after she had vanished from his sight. Spike finally came out ofnhiding and clambered up his shoulder. Ace raised a hand to his littlenfriend as he asked dreamily, \"Did you see her?\" The monkey chattered back at him. \"I know you're right. She isndangerous,\" he lamented. \"But wow, what a woman!\" The End ","Summary":" Title: \"Third Time's A Charm\" Author: PiratenTurner Rating: PG for language Summary: Will the thi"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Reunited?","Author":"jimcarreyluvr","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5138091","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He was waiting as patiently as he could… Which wasn't much. He was pacing so much his friends Emilio and Woodstock were worried he'd either pass out from exhaustion or create a rut. \"Ace, she'll get here when she gets here. The plane can't go any faster.\" Emilio said. \"I know, I know, it's just, it's been three months and Sarah might have changed… something.\" Ace said. \"Changed, something? Ace Ventura you are the weirdest man I have ever met.\" Woodstock said. \"We all know you're not worried about if Sarah changed, you're worried that she brought someone with her.\" Emilio said. \"Am not! Three months in Japan can change someone.\" \"Mmm-hmm.\" \"And what if she brings some guy with her that's actually some kind of fugitive? All of my worries are valid! Right spike?\" Ace asked his pet and sidekick, Spike. Who look at him skeptically, if that was even possible for a monkey. \"Traitor.\" He said, then continued pacing. \"Uh… Ace?\" Woodstock said. He didn't reply. \"Ace?\" Emilio tried. \"What the heck!? Why'd it get dark in here?\" Ace exclaimed. \"My hands are over your face you dunce!\" A female's voice said. \"Sarah?\" \"Duh!\" \"Welcome back Sarah.\" Woodstock said. \"Awh! Thanks! What are those behind your back Emilio?\" She asked peeking behind him. \"White roses! Awesome. Now, where's the Ace of spades?\" \"I'm right here but I don't have any cards.\" He said. \"Shut up and give me a hug you big dummy.\" Who totally saw that coming? ;P ","Summary":" He was waiting as patiently as he could… Which wasn't much. He was pacing so much his friends Emili"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Full Moon Rising","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5333562","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"Full Moon Rising\" Author: Pirate Turner Rating: PG Summary: Ace gets a surprise when he slides into a convenience store with a full moon rising. Warnings: Het Disclaimer: Ace Ventura and Spike are & TM their respective owners, not the author, and are used without permission. Detective Kathleen \"Kat\" O'Hara, Captain, Doctor Catalina Tregarde, and all other characters mentioned within are & TM Pirate Turner and may not be used without permission. The author makes absolutely no monetary profit off of this work of fan fiction, and no copyright infringement is intended. Ace's head was hanging out the window when he pulled into the lane turning into the little gas station. He was about to turn in when the vehicles in the lot suddenly started flying out. \"Damn humans,\" Ace muttered underneath his breath. \"Never watch where they're going. Good way to kill somebody.\" He sat still in the turning lane as vehicle after vehicle sped by. Some of the drivers blew their horns and others shouted words that he could not make out for the pounding headache makers they called music. Finally, in exasperation, Ace gave Spike the wheel and hefted himself up into the driver's seat. Turning his back to the window, he dropped his striped pants and let them all know exactly what he thought of them. When at long last the lot was empty save two stationary cars, Ace pulled his pants up, zipped, refastened his belt, and sat back down. His hands grasped the wheel, but Spike chattered at him. The monkey told him, in no uncertain terms, that Ace had had his fun and it was his turn. Let him spook whatever human idiots remained in the lot. Besides, Ace had been driving for hours. When was he going to give him a turn? With a shrug, Ace laid back in the seat and only worked the pedals as Spike drove their battered car into the parking lot. Ace waited a few moments, but no pointing, screaming, or hollering humans appeared. When Spike spoke up in disappointment, he lovingly ruffled the fur on top of his head and told him, \"That's all right, boy. You'll get 'em next time.\" As he straightened up and his head became level with the open windows once more, a scent caught his nose. He sniffed and then sniffed some more. His mouth watered. His hands itched for play. \"Somebody's playing,\" he declared in his trademark slow, dramatic, and mischievous way, \"with catnip!\" His eyes bugged as he popped the door open, slipped to the edge of the car, and stood up, still sniffing the air frantically. Who would be playing with catnip here? Was there a cat somewhere who needed help? But they couldn't possibly need too much help if they had catnip. Surely this wasn't one of those rare locations where catnip grew wild? A sudden bark caused Ace to stick his head back into the car. \"Yes?\" he asked, looking at the Great Dane in his backseat. \"What is it?\" They exchanged a few barks, and Ace looked to the car parked in the next parking space. \"My, oh, my, it is!\" he exclaimed, a dangerous light coming on in his brown eyes. \"It is a tiger!\" Who would have a tiger here? he wondered as he jumped out of his car, leaving the door hanging wide open. Had the innocent animal been trapped overseas and brought here to be the pet of some rich snob to make them look cool, or were they indentured to another, far worse kind of slavery? But as Ace drew nearer to the tiger, he realized two things. One, the big cat was smiling and, though his eyes were partially glazed, he either was not in any danger or did not recognize the present danger. Two, the delightfully intoxicating scent of catnip was coming from the sleek, black machine the tiger rode in, a vehicle, Ace was quickly realizing as he examined it more closely, the likes of which he'd never seen before. He could see other animals in the car now, as well. A parakeet and parrot were dancing in the rear view window, fluffing out their feathers and showing off their best maneuvers. A raccoon had draped his tail through one of the hand holds and was swinging from his tail, his velvet, black paws reaching through the air for nothing in particular. Something green with a shell swam in a bucket of water behind the passenger seat; Ace hoped it was only a turtle. A couple of squirrels and a chipmunk were busy digging into an ashtray container, pulling out nuts, and stuffing their little mouths full. A golden Labrador lay curled in the back seat, appearing to somehow sleep through the raucous all the other animals were making. Ace had almost reached the tiger when a gnashing mouth of sharp, glistening teeth flew at him. He jumped back, more out of surprise than fear. He heard a voice calm the dog, who he could see was a poodle as he settled down, and his eyebrows shot up. He smiled. Of course, only one other besides himself would have such a menagerie! \"Hi there, friend,\" he greeted the tiger, choosing to ignore the car's driver for the moment. He let the great cat sniff his hand before stroking his head. The tiger bumped his head against Ace's hand, immediately seeking more of his gentle touch. \"What di ye want, Ventura?\" Ace looked up and into the emerald eyes reflected in the side mirror. They seemed to glow with a fury that he met with a huge grin. \"Ah, Kat! Beautiful, wicked Kat!\" \"I'm nae giin' tae ask ye again, Ventura. Tell me quick 'fore'n I lose me patience.\" {Patience? What patience?} Ace thought, but he bravely met the surly tone with his most charming smile. \"Is this a private party or can any one join?\" \"Who said it 'twas a party?\" she growled, and he knew immediately he'd chosen the wrong line. A puff of smoke exhaled from the car, and Ace felt a stab of disappointment. \"You smoke?\" \"Ye t'ink I need tae ask yer permission, boyo?\" Ace grimaced. He was coming close to working up the wrong kind of fire out of the beautiful redhead. \"No, I . . . \" He inched closer to the tiger, knowing she'd never throw fire at him if he was close to an animal. \"I . . . hum . . . \" \"Spit it out,\" she hissed, her eyes flashing. \"I just didn't think you'd do anything that's bad for the Environment, that's all.\" She smirked around the cigar he could now see in her mouth. \"'Tis isn't.\" She paused a brief moment before adding, \"Nae that I need tae explain meself tae ye.\" So why was she? she wondered. Why didn't she just pull out of here with such speed that he was sent sprawling back on his rear end? She might crunch his feet underneath her tires. The thought should have brought a grin; it didn't. \"How can it not be bad for you -- \" he coughed quickly, knowing that was the wrong direction to take \" -- for the animals? Second hand smoke kills.\" Kat drilled her fingernails against the car door, and Ace gulped as he looked down and saw tiny sparks coming off of them. Quickly, he tried to change the subject. \"I smell catnip.\" \"'Course ye di,\" she growled from around the cigar. Ace peered into the front seat in search of the nip. Several felines were rolling the dark substance in the passenger seat. Even her Captain, who he knew was the head of her animals just as Spike was his own leader, seemed rather lightheaded as he swayed back and forth on top of the seat. Kat reached up and pulled him down into her lap with gentle hands. \"Easy, laddie,\" she spoke, and Ace couldn't help noticing the difference in her tone. When she spoke to him, she always sounded angry, fierce, ready and beyond willing to smite the world, but now, as she spoke to Captain, her voice was low, soft, and remarkably close to a purr. Her words shot straight to him, and Ace wished she'd speak to him like that just once as warmth filled his loins. She was a beautiful woman, strong, smart, and obviously so loving, so why couldn't she share just a bit of that love with him? Why did she have to look at him like she did every other human . . . and hate him just as viciously? Smoke exited the car again, and Ace leaned in to give it a testing sniff. \"You're smoking catnip!\" he exclaimed, and an abrupt bark of laughter greeted his ears. He smiled down at her from where he now stood just slightly behind her window, his hands still stroking the tiger as her own did the tabby tomcat in her lap. \"I have tae give it tae ye, Ventura,\" she remarked, her tone finally losing some of her anger. \"Ye're smarter'n ye look.\" \"Thank you, ma'am,\" he said with a flourishing bow. With one arm still tucked underneath his bowed body, Ace looked hopefully up. \"Can I have one?\" Questions flew through his mind, as he found they often did when he was confronted with this remarkable woman, but he dared not speak any of them for he knew she'd never give up her secrets. \"Why should I waste a cigar on ye?\" Kat asked, her lips twisting into a sarcastic smile around her blunt. \"Because I rescue animals too.\" It was the first thing he could think of and the only thing, he knew, that stood any chance of making her like him even just a tiny bit. \"So ye say,\" she retorted, clearly unimpressed. \"And so does Doctor Tregarde,\" he reminded her. \"Aye, or at least, ye have 'er fooled.\" \"She rescues too. I know you know that,\" he asked, \"so why can't you believe that there's another person out here fighting to save them?\" Kat finally turned to look up with a quirked brow. Ace gulped and prayed she wouldn't fireball him. \"Ye've got th' wrong thing swingin' between yer legs tae . . . \" \"You've never known a good man?\" She paused, mouth still open to condemn him. \"You've never known of another man who loves animals, who would sacrifice his life to save them?\" His fingers curled around the top of her car door, and for a moment, Kat's eyes seemed distant, as though she were a million miles away from the one spot they currently shared. He reached inside the car. \"You've never known of a man who could . . . \" Her hands trembled as she suddenly cranked the car. Her eyes were hard again when she looked up, but something seemed to lurk just behind them. Ace fervently wished he could somehow learn what that something was even as she snapped, \"We've got tae gi.\" His hand was still on her door as she started to pull out. Believing she'd not hesitate in running over his feet, Ace reluctantly pulled back and watched her exit. She paused once she was out of the parking space and looked back at him. Her eyes still did not seem as hard or as fierce as they normally did, and Ace wished she'd let him in. He could prove to her that a man could be good. He could show her that a man could love not only animals but her, as well, and spend every waking moment of his life striving to protect them all. He could love her. He knew he could. \"Ventura?\" His head snapped up at the sound of his name. \"Yes?\" he asked, the word a mere breath, and he kicked himself mentally for showing any sign of the emotions that were rolling within him, any sign of anything she'd take to be a weakness. She threw something at him. He caught it nimbly but did not look at it. He couldn't seem to be able to pull his eyes away from her emerald orbs, but then she turned away from him, as he reminded himself she probably always would, and peeled out. He watched her go, feeling utterly helpless, a feeling he hated more than anything else. Gradually, Spike's chattering called to him, and Ace looked down to see what he held. He grinned at the sight of the blunt and twirled it triumphantly around in his fingers. Maybe she did like him a little bit, after all! He gave his victory cry as he returned to his car but then quickly remembered he had no lighter and, with a sigh, trudged on into the convenience store. The End ","Summary":" Title: \"Full Moon Rising\" Author: Pirate Turner Rating: PG Summary: Ace gets a surprise when he s"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Battle of the Queens","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6016975","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"Battle of the Queens\" Author: Pirate Turner Rating: PG for language and some nudity Summary: Ace comes home to a disturbing scene and must quickly set matters right. Spoilers: None Warnings: None Word Count (excluding heading): 1,741 Disclaimer: Ace Ventura: Pet Detective and Spike are & TM their respective owners, not the author, and are used without permission. Everything else is & TM the author. The author makes absolutely no profit off of this work of fan fiction, and no copyright infringement is intended. The solitary man dressed in a Bahamas shirt and striped pants grinned to himself as he unlocked his door. His arms were loaded full of groceries, and somehow he'd even been lucky enough to avoid the attention of his landlord as he snuck back into his apartment. Ace opened his door, walked into his home, shut and locked it quickly lest the old Devil was planning a sneak attack and that was why he had not seen him, put his groceries down, and dropped to his knees. His mouth opened as he cried, \"Come to me, my animal friends!\", but unlike most days, his mouth remained hanging open after his cry. He stared in shock at the confrontation taking place in front of him even as animals began to fly, run, walk, crawl, and slither to him from every other spot in his apartment. Birds sat on Ace's wavy hairdo and pecked the dandruff from his brown hair. Puppies whined and licked the outstretched fingers of his left hand. A snake twined around his sneakered foot. A rabbit hopped into his lap. A raccoon rubbed his furry, masked face against Ace's right hand. One tomcat butted his leg while another stood up on his hind paws, gently braced his front paws upon Ace's chest, leaned forward, and rubbed his face against his. A frog jumped onto the Pet Detective's knee. All around him, Ace's animal friends gathered, each and every one begging, in their own unique ways, for attention. All, that was, except for the ones who Ace still could not tear his large, brown eyes away from as they continued to battle each other barely five feet in front of him. \"{THAT'S ENOUGH FIGHTING!}\" Ace finally yowled. \"{STOP FIGHTING IMMEDIATELY!}\" A primate jumped onto his thin shoulder and clung to him. Ace didn't need to turn his head and look to know that it was his most loyal friend of all time, his right hand monkey, Spike. \"{What's the meaning of all this?}\" he chattered demandingly. He felt, rather than saw, Spike shrug his tiny, hairy shoulders. \"Don't give me that!\" Ace protested, finally looking at him. Spike grinned innocently. \"Quit that,\" Ace demanded. The monkey's smile fell. \"You're supposed to keep watch over our family when I'm not here and make sure nothing like this happens!\" Spike gave him a defeated, downcast expression, but before Ace could continue, he caught movement out of the corner of his eye. Ace's head swung back around just in time for him to see a tabby paw slap a furry, orange face. \"{HEY!}\" he yowled. \"{I SAID CUT THAT OUT!}\" If the cats heard him, for the first time in Ace's entire life, they paid him no attention. The orange cat hit the tabby who reared up on her hind haunches and hit both the orange and calico cats next to her. They, in turn, slapped the tabby again and also struck the two felines next to them. Those two hit four more, and so it continued until all the female cats were slapping each other again despite Ace's angry yowls that they stop their misbehavior immediately. He ran at them, and they stopped for a split moment before, as one, all the female cats in the room hit each other. Ace gave an indecipherable yell of frustration and threw his hands up in defeat. \"WHAT ON EARTH IS WRONG WITH THEM?\" he demanded of Spike who grinned and chittered in amusement at a joke Ace was not yet privy to. \"STOP LAUGHING,\" the Pet Detective thundered, \"AND TELL ME WHY THEY'VE GONE EVEN NUTTIER THAN USUAL!\" \"{They're fighting,}\" Spike finally chattered an explanation, \"{over who's Queen.}\" When Ace glowered at him and the sound of the female cats slapping each other echoed again through the apartment, the monkey continued, \"{You called two of them queens last night, remember?}\" Ace slowly and dumbfoundedly nodded. \"And this morning they wanted to know why Si and Am are queens, and I explained that all female cats are queens.\" Spike bobbed his little head up and down. \"{Yup.}\" Ace could barely think for the sounds of slapping paws, growls, and yowls. Though they'd shockingly failed to behave as he had instructed them to do, the female cats were getting steadily worse the longer he kept from scolding them. \"{STOP IT!}\" he cried in exasperation. To his horror, they just hit each other even harder! One tabby cat with white paws fell down on her side, but before Ace could move to her, she was back up and hitting every one in sight! Ace felt like crying but turned his attention on Spike instead. \"Tell me,\" he demanded through gritted teeth, \" now what the Hell their problem is!\" \"{They're fighting over who's Queen!}\" \"They're all queens!\" Ace exclaimed, once more throwing his hands up in disgust and defeat. Some days it just didn't pay to come home! Why couldn't he have had a case that would have kept him working all night long and even to the wee hours of the morn? He had no time for the woman that that particular turn of phrase brought to his mind. Of course, he reckoned in his next thought as wads of fur of all colors began to fly around his tiny apartment, if he had been gone all night, he probably wouldn't have had an apartment to come home to left! \"STOP IT!\" he cried. \"SPIKE, WRAP IT UP! TELL ME WHAT THE BLAZES THEIR PROBLEM IS!\" \"{They're fighting,}\" Spike said again, \"{over who the Queen is. The Queen of them all,}\" he hurried to explain as a trickle of blood appeared on the face of the solidly brown cat. \"{The Queen of all of us, of everything here!}\" The truth of the matter finally dawned upon Ace. \"The Queen of their domain,\" he spoke slowly. \"The Queen of our domain!\" \"{The toms are queens!}\" he called out the first thing he thought might work. \"{And you're toms if you're female! They changed their minds today and renamed your genders!}\" Furry mouths dropped open in shock, and green and blue eyes alike bulged. A bird whistled, warning Ace he was about to get it. Spike and several of the other non-feline animals shook their heads. The true toms yowled in fear, and all of them ran behind their adopted \"father\". Then, as one and with all their tails raised like stiff banners and their fur completely fluffed out, the queens of the house began to descend upon Ace. Quickly Ace sprang to his feet, jumped around, dropped his pants, grabbed firm holds onto both of his bared butt cheeks, and began to move them. The queens stopped in shock as their rescuer's butt yowled at them. They stared through wide, bulging eyes as Ace spoke to them in their own language through his butt. \"{You should be ashamed of yourselves!}\" his butt heatedly meowed. \"{None of you deserve to wear the crown of the Queen! A true Queen doesn't just care about herself and her own wants and needs! A true Queen cares about her people and sometimes even puts their needs first! You're all beautiful, but it takes much more than beauty to be a real Queen! It takes honor, intelligence, and compassion, and all of you have shown yourselves lacking in those characteristics by this ridiculous show of femininity!}\" \"{Femininity?}\" a chimpanzee asked. \"{I think he means masculinity,}\" a bulldog barked, his little stub of a tail wagging uncertainly as his drooling tongue panted nervously. He'd never seen Ace so mad at any animal before! \"No,\" Ace said firmly. \"I mean femininity! No one puts on a show of ego better than bitches!\" He heard a chorus of sad, little meows from behind him and quickly twisted around so that he was looking over his thin shoulder at the misbehaving queens. They were all pouting now and feigning innocence. A calico bathed herself while an orange queen leaned over and licked the furry heads of a tabby kitten and a white cat. Several of the queens started to purr. All gazed at Ace with big, watery eyes, and instantly his heart melted all over again. Ace sighed as he stood up, pulled his pants up, and refastened and zipped them. He turned around and looked, with a sigh, at the female cats. Then, holding his arms open wide and dropping to both knees, he asked, \"Who's Poppa's good girls?\" All the females in the apartment rushed to him as fast as they could, but none reached his open, waiting arms faster than the very queens who had just been acting so mean. Ace's hands swept over them all, petting every head and stroking every furry, feathery, and scaly body, as he crooned to each animal in their own language. Heads butted him. Tails entwined his legs, feet, knees, and other body parts. Little paws kneaded his striped trousers and Hawaiian shirt while animals of every sort rubbed their bodies up against the remarkable human man who was hero, best friend, brother, and father to them all. An especially frisky tabby queen butted her head persistently against Ace's handsome face several times. He butted her in return and kissed the tip of her nose. \"{You're all beautiful,}\" he meowed to the female cats, \"{and wonderful in your own special ways, but to be a real Queen, you have to act the part too. No more fighting amongst yourselves, okay?}\" The queens mewed their agreement, and Ace continued, \"{Love each other. Protect one another. Never forget that we are all family. Always cherish, respect, and love each other above all else no matter what.}\" When Ace had his little, feline girls' agreements, he spread his arms even wider. \"Where's my good boys?\" he called to the males who had all began to pout for want of the attention the females were receiving, and the rest of his animal family ran, flew, galloped, and slithered into his arms. Grinning from ear to ear, Ace announced eagerly, \"There's plenty of Ace Ventura, Pet Detective, to go around!\" His hands and head were busy stroking every furry, feathery, scaly, hairy, and even slimy body in his home for the next many hours, and when Ace fell asleep early the next morning, he was still there, laying upon his floor, covered in his brothers and sisters, and doing the one thing he liked to do more than anything else in the whole, wide world - loving his family! The End Author's Note: If you enjoyed this story, or any of my other writings, I hope you'll consider joining my friends and I at a brand new fan fic/art site called Ficcers Unite. At Ficcers Unite, we welcome all fandoms, pairings (slash and het), and even no pairings at all; hope to begin a Marvel/Disney RPG soon; and plan on issuing challenges every day of the week! We currently only have one day when a new challenge is not posted and hope to fill that position soon. Challenges include Disney, Marvey comics, Charmed, Torchwood, Dr. Who, X-Files, Law & Order, Magnificent Seven, and British TV. Come on over and check us out at today! ","Summary":" Title: \"Battle of the Queens\" Author: Pirate Turner Rating: PG for language and some nudity Summa"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Close Encounters","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4154497","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"Close Encounters\" Author: PiratenTurner Rating: PG Summary: The second time she saw him, shenwas shocked. Disclaimer: Ace Ventura and Spike are © & TMntheir respective owners, not the author, and are used withoutnpermission. Kathleen \"Kat\" O'Hara and Captain are © &nTM Pirate Turner and may not be used without permission. The authornmakes absolutely no monetary profit off of this work of fan fiction,nand no copyright infringement is intended. She was standing on a sidewalk at anbusy intersection waiting for the traffic to be stopped when itnhappened. A car sped by, a window rolled down, and two dark handsnthrew a defenseless kitten out into the rush hour traffic. Shenscreamed in a string of Irish curses and began to run straight to thenkitten, ignoring the honking cars, slamming vehicles, cursingndrivers, the claws kneading briskly in her shoulder, and the voice ofnthe one she held dearest in the world warning her that it wouldn't donany good to get herself killed in an attempt to rescue only onenanimal when she could save so many more if she lived. She was halfnway through the busy highway when a transfer truck barreled just innfront of her. She screamed again in frustration,nIrish curse words spilling from her unpainted lips at least a dozennwords a second, as the imagined sight of the tiny, gray fuzzball of ankitten being flattened and crushed to death raced through hernpanicking mind. As the flaps of the transfer truck slapped againstnthe tires as it at last moved out of her way, she started forwardnagain only to stop and stand still in shock. A man dressed in anfloral shirt and striped pants was holding the kitten close to hisnchest while his head snapped this way and that in search of the bestnway out of the predicament he'd found himself in. A monkey clung tonthe man's head for dear life, screeching at the top of his lungs. Thenwind snapped at the man's hair and snatched the words out of hisnmouth so that she had no hope of hearing what he was saying, but itnwas his eyes that caught her attention and held her riveted. Panicnfilled his eyes, but she also saw therein a desperation andndetermination to save that one, wee kitten that she never would haventhought to see in another living human being's eyes. His eyes suddenly met hers, and thentwo stood still with frantic animals' panicked cries filling theirnears and the varied voices of the cursing multitude of angry driversnswirling around them. \"WATCH OUT!\" the cat on her shoulderncried, and the redheaded woman leaped out of the way just in time tonavoid the car that had been barreling down on her. She turned to looknat it, recognized it as the same car that had dropped the poor kittennout of it, and smiled when it suddenly caught a flame. A scream caught her ears, and thenIrish woman whirled around to see the kitten's rescuer about to benrun over by a truck. She smiled when the truck, too, caught flame andnskidded out into oncoming traffic and he was able to hurry on to thensafety of the sidewalk. Ace Ventura was panting hard when henfinally reached the sidewalk. He kept the kitten pressed closenagainst his thin chest as he turned to look back into the traffic.nThe kitten's heart was hammering like crazy against his fingers, andnhe could hear Spike's heart hammering just as swiftly against hisnhead. Ace stroked the kitten and murmured reassuring words that nonone would ever hurt her again though those words were drowned out bynSpike's furry body wrapped around his mouth. As he tried to reassurenhis animal friends, Ace turned his gaze out to the burning vehiclesnand the steadily increasing pile-up of a wreck, but the mysteriousnIrish beauty who he had now seen for a second time was nowhere to benseen. The End ","Summary":" Title: \"Close Encounters\" Author: PiratenTurner Rating: PG Summary: The second time she saw him, "},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Protective Love","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4142110","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"Protective Love\" Author: PiratenTurner Dedicated To: To all those wonderful animals whonkillers have murdered, To all those marvelous animals still alive innthe world today, and To all those who have ever stood up to a hunternor rescued an animal, but most especially to Pirate Sparrow, whosenstory of the day he stopped by the roadside to protect an innocentnmother deer and her baby from a heartless murderer in much the samenway as this story depicts (only with a gun, of course, not with thisnheroine's weapon) is not only forever burned in my memory in hisnhonor but is also the inspiration and basis for this story. Rating:nPG-13 Summary: Pet Detective Kat O'Hara could never stand by andnwatch an innocent animal be murdered. Disclaimer: Fire Journeys isn© & TM its respective owner and is used without permission.nKathleen \"Kat\" O'Hara is © & TM Pirate Turner and maynnot be used without permission. The events of this story are basednloosely on a real story but this version of the story is © & TMnPirate Turner. The author makes absolutely no profit whatsoever offnof this story. Fire Journeys played softly over thenradio, the cassette's musical rhythm drifting out of the sleek, blackncar's windows. Gentle breezes swept into the car, running unseennfingers through the long, fiery red hair of the driver. Intentnemerald eyes remained fixed on the approaching surroundings, scanningneach inch of the highway ahead as well as the ditches that lined eachnside for any sign of the carcasses of the poor animals that had beennhit during the previous night so that she might stop and give themnproper burial and honor. Without taking her eyes from theirnduty, her hands guided her car around the curve in the road. It wasnas the path straightened out again that she saw him. Her eyesnflashed, and her jaw set. Fury burned in her heart as a soft growlnescaped her unpainted lips before she could stop it. He stood on thenside of the road, his gun pointed at something just coming out of thenforest. Even as she slid her car to an abruptnstop on the side of the road, her eyes followed the direction hisnshotgun was pointed at. She had fully expected and braced herself tonfind a proud buck standing there, but what she found instead not onlynenraged her heart and soul even more but also chilled her bones. Anmother doe stood at the edge of the forest, her brown eyes staring innfearful expectation at the human male dressed in camouflage. A fawn,nwho could not have been walking all that long, attempted to hide asnit pressed itself tightly into its mother's side. As the driver's door was slung open,nthe hunter did not even bother to glance up from his prey. \"Putnthat gun down now,\" an Irish brogue commanded. Although thenvoice was low, it reached his ears perfectly well. Without even considering obeying theninstruction, the hunter glanced up. He was surprised at the woman hisneyes were met with but was careful to keep his gun trained on thendoe. The tall, slender figure was wrapped in total black clothingnwith only her hair, face, and hands bare. Her long, fiery red hairnhung straight behind her back, reaching to her waist. There was not ansingle trace of makeup on her face. Her emerald eyes burned with anfury greater than any he had ever before witnessed, and her handsnwere balled into tight fists by her side. She began to walk steadilyntoward him without moving her eyes from him; she moved with sleekngrace but also confident swiftness. \"What're ya gonna do,ntreehugger?\" he demanded from her. \"Pull that trigger,\" shenwarned, her voice edged with deadly anger, \"an' ye'll find oot,nbut it'll be the last thing ye e'er di.\" His dark eyes swiftly examined hernbody. \"I don't see any gun.\" \"An' ye won't. I din't need angun.\" The hunter's shoulders lifted in anslight, careless shrug. Positive that the woman could not back up hernthreat, he turned back only to find the doe still standing there, toonafraid to move. \"Touch me or come any closer,\" he warnednthe woman, \"an' I'll have the law screamin' down on ya fasternthan ya can blink.\" It was then that he pulled the trigger. She did not speak a single word morenas, with one quick flick of the fingers of her right hand, firensuddenly enveloped the bullet in mid-air. It melted instantly, andnits ashes were still falling to the ground when the shocked, and nownpale, hunter finally managed to yell, \"WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU,nBITCH!\" He stumbled backwards toward his pickup truck as hentried in vain to look at both the woman and the small fireball thatnstill hovered in the air. In answer, the fiery redhead moved thenfirst two fingers of her right hand, and the fireball slammed intonthe man's mouth, thus abruptly silencing his scream of terror. Hernright hand opened, and the fire grew immediately to engulf thenhunter's entire body. She watched in silence as the fire devoured thenhunter, the reflection of its flame almost appearing to lick hernemerald irises. Her eyes did not move as clothes melted away firstnand then skin melted away to melt bone. It was only when the ashesnthat had once been a living human body sprinkled to the ground, thatnher hand passed through the air, causing the fire to vanish. Finally, she looked around, hernemerald eyes scanning every inch of everything that she could seenonly to find no sign that any one or thing had witnessed what hadnjust transpired outside of herself and the deer. She then turned tonlook back at where the mother deer and her baby had been standing.nThey had stepped a few feet out of the forest now. Emerald eyes metnsoft, brown eyes as the mother offered her silent but eternalngratitude to her and her baby's savior. The redhead nodded in understanding.n\"It's safe fer now, wee ones. Gi ahead an' I'll keep a look outnfer ye 'til ye're in the forest again.\" The deer's ears prickednand moved slightly as they listened to the soft Irish brogue. Thenwoman turned slowly as she watched the two make their way across thenhighway to the other side of the road. When the deer reached the entrance tonthe forest on the other side of the road, the mother deer againnlooked back to the woman. Their eyes once more met, and the humannagain nodded in silent understanding. Finally, she spoke softly, hernwords barely a whisper though the animal's ears easily caught them.n\"Blessed Be.\" The mother deer turned back around to facenthe forest. The redhead watched as the doe gently ushered her babyninto the forest and out of sight. Her heart swelling with endlessngratitude that the Gods had brought her to that spot in time to saventhose two innocent animals, the Irish woman's emerald green eyesnlifted to the blue sky far above the trees. Her lips parted tonwhisper softly, \"Thank ye,\" and then she started back tonher car. In only a couple of minutes, Pet Detective Kat O'Hara pullednaway from the curb and continued along her journey. The End ","Summary":" Title: \"Protective Love\" Author: PiratenTurner Dedicated To: To all those wonderful animals whonk"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Four Fallen","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4977327","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"Four Fallen\" Author: PiratenTurner Rating: PG-13 Summary: Four fall with Ace and Kat'snfourth encounter. Warnings: Het, Death Disclaimer: Ace Venturanand Spike are © & TM their respective owners, not the author,nand are used without permission. Detective Kathleen \"Kat\"nO'Hara, Captain, Jacob, Doctor Catalina Tregarde, and all otherncharacters mentioned within are © & TM Pirate Turner and may notnbe used without permission. The author makes absolutely no monetarynprofit off of this work of fan fiction, and no copyright infringementnis intended. He had searched for her throughout thencity, kept his eyes peeled through every mission and every trip,nsearched every face in every shop and apartment building, but yet thenplace he found her at long last was the last place he would havennever thought to look. She was kneeling on the side of the road, hernblack car parked several yards behind her with its lights still on.nHis first thought, as he slammed on his brakes, was that she had beennhurt, but then, even as he all but snatched his car to the side ofnthe road, he reminded himself how ridiculous a notion that was. Ifnshe was what he suspected, very little could harm her, if anything.nShe was a most formidable woman; formidable, strong, dangerous, andnbreath-takingly beautiful, he thought the last as he noticed how thengolden rays of the early morning sun shone upon her fiery red hairnuntil it almost seemed to spin into a glorious life of its own. His eyes strayed from her hair to thenthree small fires that burned just in front of her. His foreheadncreased, he wondered if her anger could have at last cost her andnhoped it had not. He flung open his door and barely glanced forntraffic before walking swiftly toward her. She was chanting softly inna foreign language he did not recognize but silenced as soon as henbegan to approach her. She raised her head, and he was shocked to seentears shimmering in her emerald eyes as she looked him. \"I didnnae kill 'em.\" \"I didn't say you did,\" hencountered, his pace slowing as he eyed her warily. He wondered, fornthe first time, if she might be telepathic. \"They were . . . here on thenpathway this mornin'.\" She shouldn't have broken down like this,nshe reprimanded herself angrily, not out in the open where any one ornanything could see her weakness. Nae, she corrected herself, showingnpassion, even with tears, for animals was never a weakness; that wasnone of the most important lessons her beloved grandfather had taughtnher. Still, for this ignorant, little cábúnach to have caught herncrying . . . \"The pathway?\" Acenquestioned, breaking into her thoughts with one raised eyebrow. She nodded as a part of her wonderednwhy she was even bothering to talk to this human. She had no need tonexplain herself to any one now that the only humans she'd ever carednfor were dead. \"I drive th' roads e'ery morn'. This family was .n. . They became . . . \" It shouldn't be this hard to talk, tonconcentrate pass the thought of a family of three being slaughtered,nyet her eyes kept drifting back to their makeshift funeral pyres andnher mind continued to run in circles. She snarled suddenly, hernemerald eyes flashing, and he gulped nervously as he saw flamesndancing therein. \"I should've been here. I should've killed th'nbloody . . . \" She stopped suddenly, and her fiercengaze rose to him. Ace felt as though, with but a gaze, shensimultaneously stripped him and burned straight through his skin. Henpaled, gulped again, and tried to speak, but no words would come tonhis frightened tongue. \"Why th' Hell am I talkin' taenye? I din't owe ye or any one any explanation.\" Her fire burnednwithin her eyes. \"I . . . hum . . . I . . . Instopped to . . . to . . . \" \"Tae what?\" she countered.n\"Tae help? Th' day I need a human's help,\" she snarled, hernupper lip curling in emotions that he could not determine whethernthey were stronger in anger or disgust, \"is th' day I send menown self tae the grave. Get outta here 'fore'n I light up yer life.\" \"You already did that,\" henblustered. Her eyes flashed, and a chill racednthrough him. \"I have nae yet, but I could very easily.\" Anfireball formed in the palm of her hand, and she tossed it up andndown. \"Din't push yer luck, Ventura. Jest because ye have somenanimals an' Tregarde fooled din't mean ye've got me fooled. Ye'renjust another damn human, an' I haven't fired yer ass yet fer theirnhonor, but ye keep pushin' yer luck, ye'll end up nothin' but soot.\" Ace felt his heart dropping pass hisnshoes. He wanted to argue with her, but his eyes were glued to hernfireball. She was exactly the fiery bitch he had expected, and thenthought of what she could do to him scared him more than anythingnelse he'd ever faced before. \"O-o-o-o-o-o-o-okaaaaaay,\" henground out slowly. He backed up then, never taking his eyes from her,nand returned to his car, but before he could shut his door, hisntongue got the better of him. \"Remind me not to screw with crazynbitches before they've had their morning coffee, Spike.\" Kat raised her fireball, but Captain'snfrantic mew as he raced from the open car window to her side and thensight of the monkey chattering madly on the back of Ace's seat causednher to vanish the fireball. She sighed and kicked herself as she letnhim speed away. She'd have to kill him now that she'd slipped up andntold him her secret, but she couldn't do it as long as it risked thenlife of even one animal. \"Bloody bastard,\" she hissed. Ace's mind whirled fearfully at first,nbut though his brain soon calmed, his heart continued to pound withinnhis thin chest. Four had fallen, he reflected sadly. Three had beennkilled on the blood-thirsty highway by careless, heartless humans,nbut one had fallen victim to something that might well prove to beneven more dangerous. That one was him. \"You've gotta stay away from her,nVentura,\" he told himself sternly, but even as Spike, hisnconstant companion, chattered his firm agreement, he thought with anmixture of dread and excitement, that that probably wasn't going tonbe possible. After all, the world might be big, but it wasn't bignenough for two Pet Detectives to keep from bumping into each other. He could only hope he'd continue tonsurvive their encounters, but as he drove away, he couldn't helpnleaving a tiny piece of his heart with the redheaded lass who wasnanything but a damsel in distress. The vision of her emerald greenneyes clouded with tears haunted him, and his fingers curled tightlynaround his steering wheel as he longed to be able to wipe those tearsnaway. He sighed deeply with regret, knowing that the proud, brave,nand beautiful woman would probably never let him but aching tonnonetheless. The End ","Summary":" Title: \"Four Fallen\" Author: PiratenTurner Rating: PG-13 Summary: Four fall with Ace and Kat'snfo"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Flame On, Jerk Off","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4142116","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"Flame On, Jerk Off\" Author: PiratenTurner Rating: PG-13 Summary: Pet Detective Kat O'Harandeals with another heartless being. Disclaimer: Kathleen \"Kat\"nO'Hara is © & TM Pirate Turner and may not be used withoutnpermission. Everything else is © & TM Pirate Turner. The authornmakes absolutely no profit whatsoever off of this story. She drove slowly along the road, hernemerald eyes alert for any sign of trouble, most especially thenhunters that tended to roam these streets. Her eyes snapped to thentruck in front of her as it swerved back and forth ahead of her. Nonsooner had her eyes lifted to the battered pickup truck than shennoticed a dark shape dashing along the edge of the road. Her eyesnswiftly moved to it, and fear caught at her heart as she watched thendog heading toward the street. Her hand hit her horn, and its blaringnsound caused the dog to turn around and head back in the directionnthat it had come from. However, no sooner had the dog startednto run off than the truck swerved again. The woman's eyes flew widenin terror and horror caught her brave heart in its icy grasp as thentruck moved off of the road . . . and slammed into the innocent dog.nThe Irish woman's blood boiled with fury even as the driver's and hisnpassengers' laughter drifted back to her through the vehicles' opennwindows. Even as the truck returned to the road, she pulled her carnover to the side with a screeching halt. Killing the engine, shenwhipped off her seatbelt, threw the door open, and raced for the dog,nher heart pounding in her ears for fear for the poor animal. Reaching the dog, her heart ached fornthe small innocent as she watched it struggling to rise though thenfur on one of its hind legs was already matted with blood. With thengentle hands of a mother, Kat O'Hara reached out to the dog andnstroked its trembling body. \"Easy, laddie,\" she spokensoftly and reassuringly to him, careful not to let her rage slip intonher tone or expressions. \"Din't try tae rise. It might end upnhurtin' ye even more.\" The dog's wide, dark eyes met hers innunderstanding, but he whimpered softly. She was quick to reassurenhim. \"'Tis giin' tae be fine, lad. Jest let me help ye.\"nTearing off a large section of her black shirt and reaching for ansturdy stick that, by some small blessing, happened to be layingnnearby, Kat wrapped the dog's bleeding leg in a makeshift but securencast. Then gently and carefully gathering him into her arms, Katnturned and raced back to her car. After settling the dog into hernbackseat, the Pet Detective slipped in behind the wheel. Withinnheartbeats, they were off again, and she zipped down the road as fastnas she dared to go with her injured passenger. They soon came uponnthe same truck that had hit the dog, and Kat passed them flying. Oncenpulling in front of them, however, she slowed again. The driver shooknhis fist at her, but the motion went unnoticed even as the PetnDetective's emerald eyes lifted to her rearview mirror. Her eyesnnarrowed, and the entire truck burst into sudden flames. Others may have taken some form ofnsatisfaction or relief from hearing the would-be killer's dyingnscream, but no smile touched Kat's lips. She was glad he was dead andnthankful to the Gods once more for her power and to have been in thenright place at the wrong time for when such a defenseless, innocentncreature such as the whimpering dog lying, and still trembling, innher backseat needed her, but she knew that the dog was just one savednlife out of millions who desperately needed rescuing . . . Gods onlynknew how many of which she could manage to find a way to help whilenshe had no choice but to fail so many of the others. The dog was lucky to only have a fewnbroken bones that healed within a couple of months and to then benplaced with a good home that Kat found for him. Pet DetectivenKathleen \"Kat\" O'Hara continued her good work for theninnocent animals of the world from then on . . . just as she willnuntil the day she dies. The End ","Summary":" Title: \"Flame On, Jerk Off\" Author: PiratenTurner Rating: PG-13 Summary: Pet Detective Kat O'Hara"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"The First Time He Met His Demon Woman","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4154494","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"The First Time He Met His 'Demon Woman'\" Author:nPiratenTurner Rating: PG Summary: The first time he met her, henwas shocked. Disclaimer: Ace Ventura is © & TM his respectivenowners, not the author, and are used without permission. Kathleenn\"Kat\" O'Hara and Captain are © & TM Pirate Turner andnmay not be used without permission. The author makes absolutely nonmonetary profit off of this work of fan fiction, and no copyrightninfringement is intended. The first time he saw her, he wasnkicking an already crumpled package in his usual routine on the waynto a new target when he spotted her up ahead. She was long and tallnand dressed in a black trench coat that swirled around her legs. Hernflame red hair hung behind her trench, and the late winter windnwhipped it this way and that as she walked. He forgot, for a moment,nwhat he was supposed to be doing as he watched her for her walknreminded him oddly of a cat stalking its prey. What Ace found mostnintriguing by far, however, was the scraggly tabby cat perched on topnof her shoulder. His human looked to be on a mission, and the catnseemed to be sitting at full alert like a Captain at the helm of hisnship. He shook himself as she started tonturn a corner and quickly resumed kicking the package. He continuednhis game, providing both the roles of the players and the narrator asnhe headed quickly after the redheaded woman. He continued until henwas just behind her, then whirled with the package held high andnbegan looking wildly around. \"Uh-oh, he's getting cornered now!\"nhe exclaimed for the narrator as he went through the motions ofntrying to dodge other players. \"He's not getting out of thisnone, but oh, he makes a wild pass and . . . \" The woman never looked up as he threwnthe package at her, but her fist shot out sideways and right into thenbox whose contents were already well smashed. The box slapped Acenback into the face. He caught it, held it to him, and just stared atnthe woman for a moment. She still made no further sign of recognitionntowards him or the box as she continued on along her business. He shook his head as he gave himself anmental pep talk and then went after her again. This time, he fellninto a brisk pace beside her. He grinned from ear to ear as he begannhis sales pitch. \"Congratulations, ma'am! You are the 100thnperson to walk by this store without going in, and you've won thenprize.\" He held out the box to her with a huge, silly grin. She knocked the box out of her waynagain and still did not bother to look at him. Her voice did finallyngrace his ears, however. \"Whate'er disease ye have, I din't benwantin' it so get the Hell away from me.\" \"It's not a disease,\" hencountered with what he hoped was a smooth grin. \"It's a zest fornlife, a love for the world around us . . . \" \"Good fer ye,\" she remarkednirritably, \"but I'm tellin' ye gi back tae whate'ernflea-infested hole ye came out o' 'fore'n I send ye straight taenHell.\" He paused for a moment and blinkednbefore looking at her in complete surprise. \"How did you know mynapartments got fleas? You know, I'm thinking of making a circus withnthem . . . I love animals, just like the cat on your shoulder there!nHe's a handsome boy, aren't you?\" The cat's head swiveled so that he wasnlooking at Ace over his shoulder. His green eyes glared fiercely atnthe Pet Detective. \"Get lost, idiot,\" he snapped, his tailnstriking the air with the same irritability that his owner hadndisplayed, \"before she does send you to Hell.\" Ace was so shocked that he stoodnstaring at the couple with his mouth hanging open until they werenwell out of sight. The End ","Summary":" Title: \"The First Time He Met His 'Demon Woman'\" Author:nPiratenTurner Rating: PG Summary: The fi"},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"Yet Another Stargate Parody","Author":"Chris7221","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4443423","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Yet Another Stargate Parody Occurs: Either 1994 or 1997 (pre-season 1) Spoilers: Stargate (movie) Description: Meet Colonel Jack O'Neill, Colonel Jack O'Neil, Daniel Jackson, Samantha Carter (!) and a bunch of random soldiers as they go to Abydos. Archeology and discovery included, as well as fight scenes, excessive shooting, and considerable laughs. Author's Notes: This is my first parody of Stargate! I haven't actually seen Stargate in years so I'm working off Wikipedia mostly. The humour is in some ways similar to my Redwall parody Fight For Freedom. There will be huge spoilers for the movie and probably other parts of the series as well. Don't say I didn't warn you! 1928, Egypt In the middle of the desert people were pulling up a big ring thing. Later it would be called a Stargate, but for now it's a ring thing. Then one Egyptian guy got a sliver in his hand. He screamed and dropped to the sand in pain. The ring thing fell over and crushed what would later be called a DHD. This affects continuity though, or it will. Oh well. We couldn't have known without a time machine. Present Day (either 1994 or 1997) Daniel Jackson was the dumbest, most worthless archaeologist/Egyptologist in the world. His life was a complete failure. Well, according to everyone listening to his lecture, anyway. \"Look, I'm telling you, aliens built the pyramids! Don't walk out on me, I'm not crazy!\" Then an old lady came up to him. She looked both ways, then asked \"Do you want a job?\" \"How much does it pay? What is it?\" Daniel asked. \"It pays considerably less than minimum wage and it's tedious work decoding hieroglyphics for the Air Force.\" she replied. \"I'll take it. Even though I will regret it.\" Colonel O'Neil (missing one l, the funny l of course) was about to shoot himself. However he missed and shot and killed his son, who is Tyler in the movie but Charlie in the TV show. His son, Tyler in the movie and Charlie in the TV show, took the bullet through the leg. He wouldn't have died if he didn't fall on the bucket of boiling oil in the corner of the room. Colonel O'Neil was going to kill himself because his son died of course, but it was a case of chicken or the egg because he only attempted it because his son died because he attempted it because- you get the picture. Suddenly four air force guys (girls?) burst through the door. \"What the hell, you could've just knocked!\" yelled O'Neill. \"That isn't Sam coming for you to cheat on me is it?\" asked his wife Sara(h) from the kitchen. \"No, she's not even in this movie. I don't think so anyway.\" he yelled back. \"Hello, I'm Captain Samantha Carter. We need you back, sir.\" \"Crap.\" \"I'm gonna divorce you! First you kill our son and now you're dating Sam? I'll be gone tomorrow.\" \"Double crap.\" \"Wow these translations are something else, in a bad way, a very bad way. You see they probably relied on the work of... you aren't listening are you.\" The guard near the door seemed to stare right through Daniel. He was wearing an SGC patch on one arm. The first line's translation read: Several million years (into the) sky Ra takes (can't read, either aim or some alien drug) Daniel translated it to: This goes (to) Abydos (for) sure, (and) probably other (places) too The second line read: Coffin Awww I don't feel so good, I think I'm going to... nevermind I did Daniel's translation was: Sealed (and) buried (because) we can't build (an) iris The final line had the translation: Star Trek Daniel scowled, crossed it out and chalked down Stargate Command. Then he decided he didn't like it, so he crossed out Command and replaced it with SG-1 . He looked at it for a few moments, then shortened it to Stargate . \"I've got it! I figured out what to call the movie!\" Sometime during the translation Carter had popped in. He he he... popped is such a funny word. Yes I know she's not supposed to be in the... oh nevermind. Everyone loves Sam so she's in. \"That's nice, but you were supposed figure out what to call the ring.\" \"How about Stargate?\" \"Normally I don't like naming the thing the plot revolves around after the name of the movie, but I don't have any other ideas.\" She turned to the guard. \"Do you?\" \"No ma'am.\" \"Then it's settled. We'll call it the stargate!\" said Daniel. \"Now I have to deal with these glyphs.\" The translation of the address symbols read: Ego operor non reputo is est a verus lingua is planto haud voluntas procul totus \"Wait a minute... he didn't even translate it!\" Daniel translated it nearly instantly to: 'A' missing a line, Crater, Virgo, Bootes, Centaurus, Libra, Serpens Caput, Norma, Scorpius, Scutum, Sagittarius, Aquila, Microscopium, Capricornus, Pisces Austrinus, Equulius, Aquarius, Pegasus, Sculptor, Pisces, Andromeda, Triangulum, Aries, Perseus, Cetus, Taurus, Auriga, Eridanus, Orion, Canis Minor, Monoceros, Gemini, Hydra, Lynx, Cancer, Sextans, Leo Minor, Leo \"Hmmmm, this makes no sense! Wait, there's something familiar about this.\" Daniel puzzled for three hours before having a eureka moment and running through the halls screaming \"I've got it!\" He dashed into the briefing room where General West, General Hammond, and Colonel O'Neil were having a meeting. \"I've got it, they're constellations!\" \"Yeah, that's nice, but how does that help us?\" asked Colonel O'Neill, who was also in the room. \"Hey, you're me, except with a smaller chin, and funny!\" retorted Colonel O'Neil. \"Yeah, don't forget the extra 'l'. You know, the funny one.\" \"Oh, so I'm not funny! What about this: Give my regards to King Tut, asshole!\" \"That's the lamest one-liner I've ever heard!\" \"COLONEL!\" Everyone, including Daniel, turned to look at Major Carter in the doorway. Yes, she got promoted. No, I don't know why. Ask General Hammond. \"What?\" asked both O'Neil and O'Neill. \"You're not supposed to be here, Colonel, and neither am I. C'mon, let's go to the movie theater. They're showing Continuum.\" O'Neil began to step towards Carter but was stopped by O'Neill's nasty look. That and the fact that O'Neill was carrying a loaded gun. \"Gentlemen, please take your seats again. We have a mission to plan.\" He paused for a very long time. \"Our objective is in Fallujah, Iraq...\" Author's Notes: Don't worry! Both Sam and Jack will be back! Oh yeah- whoever figures out what the original address glyph translation is gets a virtual cookie. Here's a hint in question form: Who built Atlantis?[Chapter 2] This chapter is kind of short, but I needed to get this part over with so I could move onto Abydos. I don't know why but I just can't write parodies like I used to be able to. Maybe I'm trying to get too canon or in-character. Just compare Fight For Freedom (Redwall) with either this or Fight For Freedom Ep1. Neither are as funny as FFF. I'm going to take a closer look at it and see what I can learn. But on with the story. Suddenly O'Neill woke up. He was in his quarters. \"Wow, that was a bad dream.\" he thought out loud. He showered, got dressed, and went to the briefing room. \"Gentlemen, it's time for the mission to Abydos. Don't ask me how I know that name. This was going to be a one-way trip, but Daniel thinks he can re-align the gate on the other side. \"You're probably all going to die, so we're going to fill you with antidepressants. That way at least you'll die happy!\" \"Who is this guy?\" Carter whispered to O'Neill. \"Give him a break. He's new,\" he whispered back. \"Your objective is to neutralize the threat. I don't know what it is, or even if there is one. We leave at 1200 hours. Dismissed!\" \"That was the worst briefing I've ever heard,\" Carter said to O'Neill. \"I've heard worse,\" he replied. He headed towards the mess as Carter turned into the control room. General West was in the control room. \"What happened to General Hammond?\" asked Carter, eying him suspiciously. \"Oh don't worry, he'll be in the next one,\" said West. \"We're about to send the probe, by the way.\" He turned to Walter. \"Dial the gate.\" Walter tapped his keyboard and the gate began to turn. The inner ring rotated to the first symbol. The topmost chevron slid down and back up as the first chevron lit up. \"Chevron one encoded!\" The ring turned again, to the second chevron, which locked itself into place. \"Chevron two encoded.\" I could go on all day doing this, but instead I'll skip to the seventh chevron. It clicked into place. \"Chevron seven locked! Oh by the way I hate this job so I quit.\" Carter shrugged and took over his station, \"Sending the MALP, I mean FRED. I've never heard of a MALP before. MALP en route. Tracking ... arrived. Receiving telemetry.\" The screen showed a Stargate that was somewhat different. It had a bunch of symbols that were dots and lines and everything was lit up blue. Oh yes and there was no DHD. \"Daniel is gonna be so pissed.\" \"WHAT? THIS IS IMPOSSIBLE! IT BREAKS EVERY RULE OF STARGATE CONTINUITY EVER ESTABLISHED! WHAT THE HELL?! HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO DIAL THE DAMN THING?\" After a short pause he said, \"Don't worry I'll figure it out.\" The team was getting assembled. Everything was ready. Operation Abydonian Freedom would be a success. Or so they thought anyway. The team consisted of: Colonel Jack O'Neil Colonel Jack O'Neill Major Samantha Carter Dr. Daniel Jackson Random Soldiers 11, 15, 22, 23, 45, 46, 47, and 52 \"Chevron seven locked!\" yelled Walter, who rejoined because he couldn't find any other job which was compatible with his skill set. The team headed off through the gate with the FRLP in tow. Anyone who identifies what I based the Abydos gate on gets a virtual cookie. DISCLAIMER: No actual virtual cookies will be given out to anyone. Please review, it'll make my stories better. Next chapter will be both longer and funnier. Next Chapter: To Abydos We Go... Oh Wait We're Already Here[Chapter 3] Sorry it's been so long, I've been busy. Well not really, I just forgot about this story. I'm going to be alternating updates between this and 200:Missing Scenes. I haven't seen the Stargate movie in ages, mostly I've been guessing at the plot and using the very-summarized Wikipedia entry. \"I can't do it!\" \"Oh that's just great. Now we're stuck on some craphole alien rock with no civilization within a thousand miles,\" replied O'Neill. \"I'm going to go set up a nuke- I mean use the washroom,\" said O'Neil, leaving. \"Have fun. And try not to get lost.\" In fact, O'Neil did just that. He spent half an hour looking for a washroom, found one, then realized he had to find the nuke and spent another half an hour finding it. \"So, you carried all of that... stuff here on your backs?\" O'neill asked, looking at the huge concrete bunker the team had erected. \"I mean, it's really nice, but...\" O'Neil and O'Neill walked into the nice air-conditioned lobby of the bunker as O'Neil started to think of some watered-down semblance of an O'Neill joke. \"It's too big,\" replied O'Neil, startling everyone, \"It's just a big target.\" \"You know, there's a reason all the fans like me better!\" retorted O'Neill. O'Neil went into fetal position and cried. \"snif snif, it's true, the fans hate me because I'm an uptight asshole with no sense of humour, that's the real reason I wanted to kill myself\" \"Now now, you're not that bad, it's just that your character sucked, because the original people who made the movie are idiots. So is the author of this, by the way, because I wanted to jump right into the SG1 parody.\" said O'Neill rather bluntly. \"You know, I really don't see how the author is going to get to that. Between the 200: Missing Scenes story, and the complete rewrite of seasons 7-10 and Atlantis, he's not going to have time. Plus there's that AU that's rumoured to be in the works.\" said Daniel, appearing out of nowhere for effect, as opposed to just being there the whole time. He wasn't, trust me. He popped out of nowhere. He definitely did not use the door. \"Oh yeah, that one where I get to be a CIA analyst in a space version of the Cold War. Fun stuff.\" interjectificated Sam, you guessed it- appearing out of nowhere! O'Neil, who was now no longer in fetal position and had stopped crying, forcefully ordered them to move out. \"Welcome to Abydos. You must be travellers from a great distance. Come inside, I will give you food.\" O'Neill smacked Daniel with some random object. \"Would you stop saying random things in gibberish, it's really annoying.\" \"It's not gibberish, it's a traditional Arabic travellers greeting.\" \"It's all Greek to me!\" said O'Neill, throwing his arms up. \"Actually, no, Greek is considerably different, though there are some similarities, Greak is something else entirely.\" O'Neil inturrupted them both. \"Hey look a town. Looks Egyptian.\" \"Finally! I've been walking around in a desert for hours now! Why couldn't they give us a Humvee, it would have fit through the gate. Oh man I can feel the plot building already!\" said O'Neill in giddy excitement. \"One of these days we should all go on a reality show. That would be great. And maybe,\" said Sam in a romantic tone, \"we could finally get it on. Away from that bitch wife of yours.\" \"HEY! Sara(h) is not a bitch, just a really generic wife that appears in one episode and doesn't do anything, has largely been forgotten by season 3, and serves to do nothing but prevent out romantic relationship from going forward. What a bitch!\" retorted O'Neill. \"Hello travellers. I am Skaara, mysterious Egyptian person which somehow got on this planet and somehow speaks English.\" \"Oh hi. I'm Jack O'Neill, USAF Colonel who for no reason likes you a lot.\" \"Guys, there is a perfectly logical explanation. Skaara's ancestors were brought by Ra, a fake god, and you like him because he reminds you of Charler, um I mean Tylie.\" stated O'Neil. \"And he speaks English... how?\" asked O'Neill. Then Skaara inturrupted, \"Welcome to Abydos, nearest planet to Earth with stargate, or furthest if you read the measurements backwards. Come into our villiage.\" \"So that's why they thought this planet was in another galaxy.\" said O'Neill. \"It is! At least according to MY continuity!\" retorted O'Neil, who was suddenly angry. \"Then why didn't we need a ZPM?\" re-retorted O'Neill. \"Because they don't exist yet!\" re-re-retorted O'Neil. While everyone else was partying with the locals, Daniel decided to explore for no real reason. Because he is curious to the point of stupidity, he decided to check out some unstable underground catacombs first. On the way he bumped into Sha're, who would later become a big romantic relationship. But right now she just smiled and for no real reason Jackson decided he liked her. But he had pointless digging to do. Inside the catacombs he found a big wall with a mural and a bunch of hieroglyphs. He translated one line to: OMGWTFBBQ Ra is not a god he just stol humuns frm erth end tok them heere aftr thy baried teh gate. And that's one more chapter! Lots more references, and random humour. Maybe I've got my parody mojo back. ","Summary":" Title: Yet Another Stargate Parody Occurs: Either 1994 or 1997 (pre-season 1) Spoilers: Stargate (m"},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"The Eyes are the Windows to the Soul","Author":"153alira","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7775373","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Stargate or anything related to Stargate franchise. Note: This is based of the first movie, I haven't seen much of the tv show. This is a continuation of my one-shot 'Why so special?' and this is a short introduction chapter to my character Tara. Please review, that will be awesome thanks. 11:00 am. ' Time to clock out' It was mid February and the tiny heater in the corner of Alex's Diner was working over time, as was the poor waitress who was pulling all night shifts and working extra hours. \"Kate, I'm going home now. Could you watch the floor till Steph gets here?\" Tara asked the other waitress working while pulling the hood of her over sized jumper over her head. \"So you're finally going home girl?\" A hefty older woman walked out from the kitchen and lent refilled the coffee pots. \"Good. Get some sleep before fall over and hurt yourself.\" Tara shook her head. \"I can't just yet. I have to pick up Daniel after his presentation.\" \"You mean that crazy cousin of yours?\" Kate asked as she walked back into kitchen. Tara sighed and grabbed her bag, \"He is not crazy, he's just ... well.\" She struggled to describe her cousin. \"Reads too many comic books huh?\" \"More like he's obsessed with his work.\" \"Runs in the family I see,\" Kate sighed, \"Girl, all you do is look after your cousin, and work your tiny ass off. You need to care of yourself for once in your life. I swear since you stopped going to collage you've been ...\" \"Yeah I get Kate.\" Tara groaned. She had heard this speech over and over again, it was worse than having a mother. \"You know what you need Tara? A good m...\" \"Do not say that I need some guy to come sweep me off my feet and solve all of my problems. I've been told the same thing way too many times.\" \"Oh come on baby, you deserve your own Prince Charming.\" Kate said, coming round the counter to give her a side hug. But Tara just scoffed, \"Do I look like a princess?\" She asked, pointing to herself, specifically her eyes Tara was born with a rare and unusual trait. One of her eyes was a light grey and the other was a deep orchid. This was a major turn off as it looked like she had a dead eye, and made her a popular target for bullies when she was a kid. One-Eyed Terror Tara stuck with her for a long time, even into her high school years. \"Princesses come in all shapes and sizes.\" Kate said, dramatically gesturing to herself. \"I think I'll stick to being a normal peasant thanks.\" Tara pried the woman's arm off her just as a customer came in and ordered a large burger, giving her the chance to escape. \"I'll see you tonight.\" She sang as she walked out into the freezing cold street. Dark clouds were rolling in fast over the city. There was a storm coming. Tara swore and began to speed walk down the main street, all the while shoving her earnings into her backpack. On the way to the train station she bought a coffee and small bun to sustain herself from a stand outside the large shopping that sat above the subway. The cheap hot liquid burnt her tongue and she lost all sense of taste, but she sipped it quietly as the train rattled along in the dark tunnels. Yes she lived a normal life, no devastating secrets, no worthwhile stories, nothing. As much as Tara enjoyed this simple life she was living, she did feel at times bored with it. She would remember going to Harvard and loving every minute of it, and not just when she would surpass even the teachers. She still caught up with her classmates but only on a rare occasion, so really the only time she had contact with people was at the diner and when Daniel was in town. As the train came to a stop and people departed or scrambled to get on, Tara saw a punk with bright blue hair spiked up high pass by her window. She then caught her own reflection and stared at herself. ' Maybe I could dye my hair too ,' She mused, ' Or at least cut it. Better yet a nose ring would be cool. ' But she gave up the thought just as quickly as she had conjured it. After all there was not point changing what she looked, she was fine as she was now, and as for her eyes, well her idol David Bowie had different coloured eyes and he was awesome. She finally arrived at her station and squeezed her way to the door. She apologized and excused herself, but no one really noticed or cared. After all, she wasn't anything special.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I don't own Stargate. I promise the writing will get better in later chapters. Reviews and critisim are welcome. The rain began to poor heavy drops of water onto the city, forcing everyone to duck for cover. The meeting had just finishing in the Grand Lux Hotel and forty professors and doctors were greeted by this turn of events. Those determined to brave the foul weather held up their umbrellas firmly. Unfortunately for Daniel and Tara, neither of had one. \"So, how did it go?\" Tara asked, tugging her hood further over her head. \"Please Tara, not now.\" Daniel struggled to pull his hood on as he carried two bags out of the building. Tara just nodded and guessed that he had just flunk another presentation of his theory on the origins of the Ancient Egyptian culture, hence loosing another chance to earn another grant for his work. \"Danny, you need to make your approach to your theories a little less conspiracy like. No one like it when people start preaching 'the aliens built the pyramids' story.\" Tara said, finally taking one of the bags from him. \"You've seen the photos of Khufu. The writing is all wrong.\" \"Yes I know, I have actually been to the pyramids, but that doesn't necessary scream 'alien work' to me.\" Daniel looked despondent. \"Look Danny, I'm trying to be a good family member, but you are making this three times as hard for both of us. Now that you're staying with me things are always going to be tight.\" \"I'll figure something out.\" Daniel said shoving his suitcase under his jacket. \"Last time you said that you got kicked out of your apartment.\" Both of them failed to notice a black limo parked right in front of them, and a man walking towards them. \"Dr Jackson.\" The man dressed as a valet and held an umbrella over their heads. \"What? Yes?\" Daniel clumsily responded. \"Someone wants to speak with you.\" Tara looked at Daniel, who looked at the man oddly, then to her, then back at the man. \"Who ... who wants to talk to me?\" \"United Sates Air force sir.\" \"The Air force? What's this?\" Another man came out of the car, Tara felt a little concerned now. Soon Daniel was ushered into the limo while Tara was left standing in the rain with two strangers holding umbrellas over her head and their bags. \"You two mind filling me in on what's going on?\" She said, her face now plastered with her hair. \"I'm afraid this only concerns Dr Jackson.\" One of them said casually. \"I am his cousin.\" Tara said. Both of them looked surprised. This was nothing new to her. Though they were family, they looked nothing alike. Five minutes later, Daniel emerged from the limo holding an envelope and had a slightly bewildered look on his face. The two men closed their umbrellas and left the two of the standing there while they drove off. Daniel looked into the envelope and at the limo driving away. \"What was all that about?\" Tara asked, picking up the bags. When he didn't respond, she waved a hand in front of his face. Still no response, so she smacked him on the back of his head. \"Ow, what?\" \"Let's go home, before this weather gets any worse.\" She said and tossed one of his bags at him. Being a klutz, he dropped it onto them wet pavement. About half an hour later via the train, they had arrived at the huge apartment building on the south side of the city, on the border of the main road and the ghetto. It was all Tara could afford, but it was a pleasant enough building. It had its share of bad apples but she was smart and steered clear of trouble. Her apartments itself was small, just a one bedroom type with the kitchen and living room/Daniel new bedroom joined together. \"Make yourself at home, I'll make tea.\" She said tossing her bag onto the counter. Daniel awkwardly shuffled over to the couch and sat himself down, removing his soaked duffle coat. As Tara waited for the pot to boil, she glanced from picture to picture on the kitchen wall, each one of her and Daniel growing up. Some were of their parents and friends, one of their grandfather before he died. Looking at them now, it was like chalk and cheese when comparing the two of them. Daniel had soft natural blonde hair that sat straight and blue eyes hidden behind his glasses, a classic Norwegian look, while Tara had messy curls of dark brown, almost black hair that was layer unevenly and stuck out in different direction. She also had creamy coffee skin, since she was Egyptian in her mother's side. Their story was fairly complicated. Daniel's parents died when he was a baby and Tara's mother left her with her terminally ill father when she was five. Their grandfather arranged for the same foster parents that took in Daniel to also adopt her, hence making them foster siblings as well as cousins. The pot whistled loudly and Tara poured the hot water into the cups and soon the foster siblings were curled up on the couch talking about the day's events. \"So who was it you were talking to?\" \"The Air force, namely a Ms Langford, wants me to translate some Ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs.\" Tara scoffed, \"Why would the Air force need translations? I pretty sure that's not part of their job description.\" \"That's what I'd like to know.\" Daniel had that look in his eye. The look he could whenever faced with a puzzle. \"How can you be sure this isn't a hoax?\" Tara asked, leaning her arm on the large pillow beside her. \"Well, she knew an awful lot about us.\" Tara rolled her eyes. \"She knew about my ... problems and our current living arrangements.\" He nodded to the tiny room to reaffirm his words, \"And also about you dropping out of Harvard.\" \"Hey, I did that so you could afford the stuff you needed for your research.\" Tara didn't like to bring up the fact of her missing the chance to be a professor, even if she did it for Daniel. He pulled the cup up close to his lips and took a tentative sip.\"But she said I could prove my theories by translating these hieroglyphs.\" That caught Tara's attention. She took a deep breath and though carefully about it. \"Are you sure about this?\" Daniel shrugged. \"I don't know. But there is only one way to find out.\" He looked at the envelope again and Tara knew he had already decided. \"Fine. Do what you feel is best. But don't think for a second that you'll be leaving me out of this.\" She unfurled herself and placed her empty cup onto the tiny coffee table. \"I .. uh .. what do you ...?\" Daniel stuttered. \"You heard me. You taught me everything I know and I bested half the professors at Harvard. Just consider me a consultant or something.\" Daniel frowned and scratched his over grown fringe. \"Well ... I guess it wouldn't hurt.\" He gave up resisting and shrugged. Tara grinned and glance over her shoulder. \"The phone is by the fridge.\" Daniel got up to call Ms Langford and Tara went to work setting up his bed, as the couch was a pull out. As she straightened out the sheet, she kept catching snippets of Daniel's conversation, but only a word or two. Maybe this was the excitement she needed to help her bland lifestyle, or at least settle her growing discomfort so as she could get on with life. Kate would be happy for her. At the thought of Kate, Tara glanced at her watch. It was 6:37 already. \"Shit!\" She dropped the pillow she was moving and ran to change her cloths as fast as she could, \"Danny, I have to go to work now!\" She called from her room, struggling with the buttons. Once decent she grabbed her bag and coat, pulling 20 dollars of her wages out and giving it to him. \"Spare key is in the top draw, there's a blanket in the cupboard and do not get any pizza from Fabio's down the road.\" She instructed and left the poor befuddle man alone, still talking on the phone.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I don't own Stargate. I promise the writing will get better in later chapters. Reviews and critisim are welcome. \"Achoo!\" \"Bless you.\" Tara reeled back from her cousin's sneeze and pulled out a handkerchief for him. They were currently in an elevator of a military compound they had been escorted to with one of a lieutenant named Kawalsky \"Cold?\" The lieutenant asked. \"Allergies.\" Daniel took the handkerchief graciously and sneezed into it, \"It always happens when I travel.\" He smiled awkwardly and stuffed the hanky into his pocket. \"You should really get some drugs for that.\" Tara patted his back. The doors of the elevator opened at level 28 and the cousins walked into a large corridor lined with pipes. Kawalsky led Daniel and Tara down the corridor where a man in a really ugly jumper met them. \"Dr Jackson? Dr Gary Meyers, how are you?\" The man said. \"Hi.\" Daniel nodded. Meyers looked at Tara and gave her a polite nod. \"I'm sorry, I didn't get your ..?\" \"Oh, Tara.\" She held out her hand but withdrew it when she noticed both his hands were full. \"What is this place?\" Daniel asked. \"Nuclear Missile Sylem.\" A woman with a black jacket and thick glasses joined them. \"What?\" Tara exclaimed. \"Don't worry it's been completely converted. Barbara Shore.\" She said in one breath. They all entered a room marked 'Research Laboratory. Authorized Personal Only' and Tara could not believe what she saw. It was a massive stone tablet covered in Egyptian hieroglyphs. It was broken into several pieces and in the centre piece a cartouche unlike anything Tara had ever seen. She looked to her right and almost laughed at Daniel's expression, it was like a child in a lolly shop. \"Wow.\" Was Tara's only reaction. An elderly woman walked out from a small cubicle that resembled an office and shook hands with Daniel. She turned her focus onto Tara and gave her a warm smile. \"And you must be Daniel's young cousin Tara.\" They shook hands gently. \"Um, yeah.\" \"I'm Catherine Langford.\" ' So this is the lady huh .' Tara thought to herself. \"This is ... well ... uh ... where'd you find this?\" Daniel managed to spit out, his eyes still glued to the tablet. Catherine chuckled, \"Giza Plato, 1928.\" \"I've never seen anything like it.\" Daniel walked up to it and traced his hand along the stone. \"Of course you haven't. No one has.\" She explained. Tara squinted to try and read the hieroglyphs, \"1928 huh? How come this was never reported?\" She muttered to herself. A black board caught her attention while Dr. Meyers started explaining things. \"Now there's two lines of hieroglyphs. The inner track has the classic figures, but the outer track is like the cartouche in the centre. It's got writing unlike anything we've ever found before.\" While Daniel inspected the tablet, Tara looked at the translation on the black board and knew it was inaccurate. \"Daniel?\" She called him over and he too saw the error. \"The translation of the inner track is wrong.\" \"Must have used Budge. I don't know why they keep reprinting his books.\" Daniel grabbed an eraser and began fixing the errors. \"Budge is good for beginners.\" Tara shrugged and worked on the second line. \"Excuse me? What are you doing? We've used every single known technique.\" Meyers interjected, but neither listened, too engrossed in the translation. \"This is 'sealed and ... buried' here.\" Tara pointed at the second line. \"And that's not coffin ... 'For all time'. Who the hell translated this?\" Daniel asked. \"Well ... I ... I did.\" Meyers admitted. Tara sighed and mentally forgave him. Daniel stood back and inspected their work, \"Well, this should read 'A million years into the sky is Ra Sun God. Sealed and buried for all time ...' and ...\" Tara grabbed the spare chalk and scribbled in something. \"It's not ... a door to heaven so to speak, it's ... ' His Stargate.'\" \"Very good Tara.\" Daniel patted her back. \"I learned from the best.\" She answered smugly. Both Jacksons turned and looked at all the smiling and surprised faces. \"So, why is the military so interested in 5,000 year old Egyptian tablets?\" Daniel finally asked, something Tara was itching to know. \"My report says 10,000.\" Everyone looked at the man who spoke. He was tall military man and looked somewhat important. \"Afternoon Colonel.\" Kawalsky greeted the man who nodded in return and passed his report off to Kawalsky, but Catherine seemed non-plussed. \"Um, do I know you?\" She asked the man. \"I'm Colonel Jack O'Neil from General West's office. I'll be taking over from now on.\" All the scientists looked at each other confused, this seemed totally out of nowhere for them. Tara wasn't too worried about who was in charge, only about the number this colonel had mentioned. \"Well, Colonel O'Neil, I'm sorry but your report is wrong. There is no way that this is 10,000 years old.\" She gestured to the tablet, \"Egyptian culture didn't even exist then.\" The colonel gave her a disapproving look, \"Miss you're not even authorized to be here.\" \"A... well ... she's ... she's my consultant.\" Daniel piped in, and O'Neil went on ignoring them. \"Danny, I'm right ...\" \"Yes the figures ludicrous.\" He nodded \"We know, but the sonic and radio carbon tests are conclusive.\" Barbra cut in. \"Well, these are cover stones. Was there a tomb underneath?\" Daniel asked. \"Oh no. But we found something, a lot more interesting.\" \"Really?\" Tara leaned in to hear what. \"Excuse me. This information has become classified.\" O'Neil chipped in before Barbra could say anymore. He looked at Tara and Daniel in particular before saying to Kawalsky, \"From now on no information is to be passed on to no-military personal without my expressed permission,\" and walked out. \"Catherine what's going on here?\" Meyers asked. \"I don't know.\" She followed O'Neil while the rest of the team and Tara and Daniel were left standing there. xxxxxxxx Two weeks later, Daniel was still no closer to solving the cartouche. He and Tara had gone through almost every know book on hieratic symbols written and thought off every possible meaning behind the strange symbols. What really rattled Tara's mind was the writing in the inner track. 'A million years into the sky is Ra Sun God. Sealed and buried for all time, his Stargate.' What the hell was a Stargate? Was it some sort of artifact or treasure owned by the pharaohs? But the coverstones dates back before the known Ancient Egyptian civilization had been established, yet the hieroglyphs clearly stated 'Ra' the Sun god. Maybe this was an earlier culture that also worshiped Ra. 'A million years into the sky.' Wouldn't it make sense to write 'into the Heavens,' or is it referring to the actual sun? But an early civilisation wouldn't know that the sun was millions of light years away from the earth. While Tara scribbled these notes down, Daniel was listening to a recording of himself, again. \"As much as I love the sound of your voice Danny,\" Tara yawned, \"I'm sure you can just write your notes down.\" \"I think better when I hear things, rather than write.\" Daniel stared up at the coverstones, I steaming cup of coffee in his hand. Tara looked at her watched. It read 2:47 am. She had to hand it to Daniel, he was persistent. He was actually the one who inspired her to become a linguist and study history. Lack of sleep finally caught with Tara and she felt her eyes close and her pencil fall out of her grasp. There was one thing Tara was sure of, and that was that she didn't dream. On the rare occasion when she did, it would always be cryptic, and mysterious. She dreamt that she was walking though a desert, the sun had not come up yet so it was cold, the wind blowing the sand against her legs and bare forearms. Daniel, O'Neil and Kawalsky walked in front of her, guns in hand. A lone falcon swooped down out of nowhere and clipped the back of Kawalsky's head, causing him to shoot wildly at the bird. Several more appeared and started attacking them, clawing and nipping at their heads until they bled. O'Neil yelled at them to run but they were cut off by a snarling jackal, growling and forcing them back. O'Neil and Daniel kicked sand at its face, but it still advanced on them. Tara turned to run back the way they came, but in the distance she saw a great pyramid, the light of the rising sun shining out from behind it. As the sun rose higher and higher, Tara felt warmth creeping back into her blood and her fear being washed away. Finally, the sun's rays shone over the peak of the pyramid and caused the falcons and jackal crumpled into dust. The sunlight beckoned Tara to come forward, to be fully embraced in its warmth. A terrible scream from behind made her turn. Daniel's skin turned red and boils formed all over. He scratched at his skin, making the pain worse and worse until his flesh caught fire. The same happened to O'Neil and Kawalsky, yet Tara remained unharmed by the light. In fact she relished it, let it consume her whole body. She felt complete, yet somehow empty. Bang, clash. Tara jolted awake to the sound of Daniel half tripping up the metal ladder next to the tablet. He was holding a piece of newspaper up and comparing it to the symbols of the cartouche. She checked her watch again. 3:18 am. \"Orion.\" She heard Daniel mutter. \"Mmmm... what? Daniel it's ...\" \"I've figure it out.\" He cried, climbing down the ladder and placing the article in the table in front of Tara. \"Look. What do you see?\" He pointed at the paper. Tara rubbed her eyes and picked up the article, which showed a picture of the constellation Orion that had been drawn on. \"You played 'Connect the Dots' with the stars?\" \"Yes, in a way,\" he said laughing awkwardly, \"But what does it look like?\" Tara focused on the symbol closely and started to make the connection. It looked just like one of the symbols on the tablet. \"Constellations?\" She looked at him in disbelief. \"You mean these symbols are actually constellations that were discovered almost 7,000 years after this thing was created?\" \"Yes. It's not a language, they're coordinates.\" He sounded excited and started to rummage around looking for something. \"And all we have to do now is match the symbols in the cartouche with the corresponding stars and we have our translation.\" \"Wait what, coordinates? What are you on about?\" He found what he was looking for in a cabinet and placed it on the table. It was a large map of the stars. \"You mean now?\" Tara groaned. \"I'm on a roll Tara. The soon this is done, the sooner we get paid.\" \"Dude, you've had too much coffee.\" ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Stargate or anything related to Stargate franchise. Note: This is based of"},{"Movie":"Ace Ventura","Title":"Keeping Safe","Author":"KatLeePT","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7325434","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"Keeping Safe\" Author: Pirate Turner Dedicated To: Our beloved babies, both those whom we have lost and those we still have. We are forever regretful that we could not save those we lost and shall forever protect those whom we still have, no matter what must be done to protect them! We love you all, our darlings! Rating: G Summary: Ace grieves the loss of an innocent. Warnings: Death, Drabble Word Count: 100 Date Written: 5 July, 2011 Challenge: For the 100wordstories LJ comm's bi-weekly challenge for \"dystopia\" Disclaimer: Ace Ventura, Pet Detective is & TM his respective owners, none of which are the author. Everything else is & TM the author. The author makes absolutely no profit off of this work of fan fiction, and no copyright infringement is intended. Author's Note: This is the first version of this drabble; I ended up rewriting it to make it clearer for a reviewer who had never heard of Ace and mistakenly thought his animals were stuffed animals. He sat down in the middle of his floor, gathered his animal friends to him, bent his head, and cried. The world was a savage place, and he'd lost another soul today. Only here, behind his door, did he feel any safety; only here was there love. Outside, there was terror, Hell, and heartache. There was . . . He'd heard the word once before. There was dystopia, but the world would never hurt his kids again. Ace held his animals as he wept over the ones he'd lost. He'd keep them safe forever right here in his own personal version of Heaven. The End[Chapter 2] Title: \"Keeping Safe\" Author: Pirate Turner Dedicated To: Our beloved babies, both those whom we have lost and those we still have. We are forever regretful that we could not save those we lost and shall forever protect those whom we still have, no matter what must be done to protect them! We love you all, our darlings! Rating: G Summary: Ace grieves the loss of an innocent. Warnings: Death, Drabble Word Count: 100 Date Written: 5 July, 2011 Challenge: For the 100wordstories LJ comm's bi-weekly challenge for \"dystopia\" Disclaimer: Ace Ventura, Pet Detective is & TM his respective owners, none of which are the author. Everything else is & TM the author. The author makes absolutely no profit off of this work of fan fiction, and no copyright infringement is intended. Author's Note: This is the second version of this drabble; I ended up rewriting it to make it clearer for a reviewer who had never heard of Ace and mistakenly thought his animals were stuffed animals. Ace bowed his head and cried as his animal friends gathered around him. He had lost an innocent today, held her to his heart as she breathed her last due to the cruelty, torture, and Hell of the world's heartless humans. Purrs, coos, and other soft sounds surrounded him. Cold and warm bodies alike pressed closed to Ace. As he held his family tight, Ace swore again never to let the outsiders and their dystopia hurt them again. They were safe together. He'd keep them all safe, alive, well, and happy forever. He'd protect his family to his last breath. The End ","Summary":" Title: \"Keeping Safe\" Author: Pirate Turner Dedicated To: Our beloved babies, both those whom we "},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"Data heist symptoms","Author":"AshtonCat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11752917","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I just didn't like Carlyle's ending, so I wrote this. Why not share it with other people who felt like crying after seeing him die? ;) enjoy, peeps! She had no idea if it had been their intention to kill him. But from what she could see during the attack, they didn't try very hard to keep him alive. It took long, very long, before everyone was gone and she could finally run over to see if he was still breathing. John Carlyle, CEO of Armadyne, was fading rapidly. Once his wounds were treated by a befriended doctor, who promised to keep the CEO's presence on earth confidential, he was given a place to rest at her home. All she could do now.. was wait. There was a soothing voice speaking to him through the pain and his struggle to breathe. He did not recognize the voice though, and that frightened him. He must have whimpered, cause the soothing words turned even softer. \"It's okay, it's okay\" It certainly wasn't okay in his mind right now. His head pounded painfully from the data heist, and his memories of the event resembled soup more than clear lines. He inhaled sharply when he felt a sting in his arm. Were they still not done with him? He struggled to break free from the pain, but he was held firmly into place. \"Keep him still\" \"Calm down, John. It's just a painkiller\" Warmth flooded through him as he felt the intravenous liquid numb his aching body and he slightly relaxed. Without the pain he could focus on other things, like getting his head cleared out and figuring out where he was. He couldn't be on Elysium, for they didn't do intravenous treatments there. He would have been laying in one of the medical beds. \"drink this\" Before he could protest, he felt a glass against his lips and he had no other choice but to gulp down whatever they offered him. It was only tea and he sighed in relief. \"Don't be scared. I'm not going to hurt you\" The voice said and he was about to relax and rest a little when he heard the clattering of surgical instruments. He panicked and started struggling again. The hot air that hit his bare skin smelled thickly of blood and sweat. Were they going to operate on him?! What did they expect to find inside his body?! He knew earth citizens had wild stories going around about what was inside an Elysium citizen. \"I'm going to have to sedate him if he keeps thrashing around like this. He's amazingly strong for someone in his condition. Damn mutants..\" \"Lay still, John! I'm trying to help you!\" \"But y..you are hurting me!\" His raspy voice had made an impression, because the hands stopped touching him and for a moment all he could hear was his heavy laboured breathing. \"And you said you wouldn't\" he continued, feeling exhausted from the loss of blood. To his surprise, he felt a hand smooth the hair back that was plastered against his forehead. All done with a gentleness he wasn't at all familiar with, but it certainly couldn't come from the people that had stolen his brain data. \"Some of it will hurt, I admit. But you need help, John. You're not out of the woods yet. I cannot help you when you're so nervous, so forgive me for this\" the voice spoke and he felt another sting in his arm. Immediately his brain started to shut down and his eyelids started feeling as heavy as bricks. He felt himself slip away into darkness. \"you're too good for the world, Mira. Now what are you going to do with him? You think he'll be thankful or something? Give us tickets up there?\" \"he might not even live. He lost so much blood. And look at his brain activity, if he doesn't calm down he won't survive for sure\" Voices, the same two, hurting his sensitive head. He had welcomed the silence and wished it would have stayed with him a little longer. But he was waking up and he knew it. Breathing was a little easier, and the wound was numbed into oblivion. He felt warm and sleepy, like he just spend an hour soaking in a hot bath. He shifted and tried to change his position, but he agitated his wound and moaned in pain. The hand that had soothed him earlier came back to his hair and he calmed, intrigued and curious. He knew that hand wouldn't hurt him by now, it only played with his hair, whatever for he didn't know. And it belonged to someone with a very gentle voice that had spoken to him earlier before he fell asleep. \"How are you feeling, John?\" The voice asked. \"sleepy..\" Silence \"Head hurts..\" The hand was moved away for a moment and he wondered if the owner thought his head was hurting because of it. But it soon returned with something blissfully cool against his forehead. \"the pain won't be permanent, but it'll stay for a while longer. Your brain got a little fried\" the voice laughed a little. Was it funny? Apparently so, people from Earth always seemed to have a strange sense of humor. \"will you stay with me? If I fall asleep again?\" he asked, not wanting to be alone. He was scared. His attackers might come back if they found out he was still alive. He didn't know if it had been their intention to kill him. From what he remembered, they had seemed rather panicked at the sight of his wound. Fingers curled around his hand and gave him a small squeeze. \"I'll be here\" With that promise, he allowed himself to lose consciousness once more. Something clattered to the floor and made the most loud shattering ruckus he had ever experienced in his life. He shot into an upright position and immediately regretted it as gravity pushed down on his broken ribs and the pain returned full force. He yelped and clutched at his bandaged torso. A cat sprinted out of the room, she had pushed some pans off a cupboard. Looking down he saw the white linen wrappings turn dark red. \"Oh no.. help! Please.. someone!\" There was someone at his side within a second and through his panic he could finally see the owner of the voice and the hand that had steadily brought him back to the world of the living. She was young and dressed in a simply shirt and a pair of dirty, ripped jeans. Usually, he wasn't very fond of people from Earth. They seemed vile and unusually aggressive. This woman hadn't displayed any aggression yet though. With skilled hands she started unwrapping the stained linen and pressed a rolled up ball of cotton against the bleeding wound. It had been stitched, but he had agitated it with his abrupt movements. He couldn't keep his steel blue eyes off her face, so intrigued to find out what his caretaker from Earth looked like. She noticed his curious gaze and smiled at him while wrapping his wound in clean linen. \"well good afternoon to you too. I'm glad to see you finally up\" she said. \"who are you?\" he asked and flinched when she pulled the linen a little tighter around his chest. \"I'm sorry. My name is Mira. I know who you are, John Carlyle\" He didn't know if that was a good thing or not. Most Earth citizens didn't particularly like him since he could be a ruthless boss in their eyes. He didn't have droids for protection for nothing. \"what are you going to do with me, Mira?\" His cold, blue eyes stared into her brown ones. She could see he was scared, even though he tried to look as impassive as possible. It was no surprise to her, he had been full of fear every time he had been awake. \"Don't worry. I'll find a way to contact Elysium and you'll be on your way home in no time. Right now though, you're not fit for travel and I can't leave you alone for too long\" she said. At that news he slowly lay back down, feeling suddenly exhausted and dizzy. He stared up at the fan hanging from the ceiling, blowing welcome cool air his way. Earth was a truly disgusting place, but right now he would sell his company to keep this bed. He noticed Mira staring at him with sympathy but didn't touch him anymore. She had done so before, so what happened? \"My head hurts\" he spoke quietly, closing his eyes against the stinging pain. \"why does it hurt so much? What did they do? It shouldn't hurt like this\" he sounded almost angry. He had heard about brain data heists before. They weren't supposed to be excruciatingly painful, just a little uncomfortable. Unless they were performed in a clumsy matter, which probably had been the case in his situation. \"You want something for the pain? I could inject what the doctor prescribed\" she offered, but he shook his head lightly. \"can you do.. what you did before? with your hand? It helped\" he sounded absolutely miserable and almost on the verge of tears. He just wanted the pain to go. They had done a terrible job. He was afraid to find out what damage they had caused inside his head. He felt her fingers run through his hair instantly and he calmed down. It felt so wonderful to be tenderly touched after the rough treatment he had received. He wasn't a man who got touched very often. He wasn't married and didn't hold any relationships that involved touching. Not because he wanted it to be like this, but he simply had no time to fool with it. She watched as his chest started rising in a more slow, even tempo and smiled in sympathy. A touch seemed to give him a sense of safety, strangely enough. \"Thank you. That really does help\" he said weakly, his eyes closed and an expression of relief on his pale face. She brought the covers up to his chin when he started to shiver and continued her gentle ministrations until he had fallen asleep. There were no thunderstorms in Elysium. But the ones on Earth could be frightening, especially in areas with a particularly dry and hot climate. When the high clouds of drought collided with the lower atmosphere from cooler areas, thunder could be seen down on the planet. It had always been a fascinating sight for any Elysium citizen. But to suddenly hear a clap of thunder in the middle of the night was a completely new experience and he wasn't sure he liked it. His eyes shot open at the first sound rolling through the sky. It was dark around him, the darkness of night. The girl Mira was gone and he was all alone. The cat that had been the cause of the ruckus earlier that day lay on the foot end of the bed, curled up in fluffy ball. Deciding he was thirsty and needed to use the bathroom, he slowly started moving out of bed. He shivered when his bare feet touched the cold floor, he hadn't even realized he didn't have his pants on anymore. All that was left of his clothing were his shorts. He wrapped his arms around himself in an attempt to keep warm and very slowly made his way out of the small bedroom. Which, he later realized, was in fact a storage room. The pounding in his head seemed to get worse when he was standing upright. But eventually he found the kitchen and was able to drink a glass of water. And another one. He was parched. Now all he needed to do was find the bathroom and then he could go back to his bed. He had started to shiver violently from cold as he moved through the house, supporting himself on the walls and pieces of furniture. He found the bathroom and after using it, took a look at himself in the cracked mirror above the sink. He looked like he had been dragged out of his early grave. His normally so neat hair was a mess and his face looked grey with dark circles around his eyes. The pounding in his head was getting worse and he knew he had to lie down again. He got out of the bathroom and bumped into something soft. \"Oh! John! You scared me.. what are you doing out of bed?\" the girl asked and looked up at him with a kind smile. \"I had to.. \" he stopped, embarrassed. He leaned against the doorpost for support, but it wouldn't hold him up for very long anymore. He could feel his knees beginning to protest. Before he realized it, she had her arms wrapped around his waist, careful as to not touch his wound. \"Let's get you back into bed\" \"I was thirsty\" he explained as they began their walk back to his bed. \"I'm sorry, I should have left a glass of water on your nightstand. I thought you'd sleep right through the night\" \"Mira?\" \"yes, John?\" \"I think there's something very wrong inside my head\" She gently lowered him down to sit on the side of his bed and wrapped one of the blankets around his trembling shoulders. She turned on the lamp on his nightstand and looked at her frightened charge, who seemed ready to get a panic attack. She took his face in her hands and looked at him. \"Scans were done on your brains. No permanent damage was detected. But it was done in a very clumsy and cruel way, the doctor wasn't surprised to find some temporary damage. But it'll heal with time, I promise you\" she told him. He seemed unconvinced but more than willing to lean into her touch, his eyes closed. \"I need to go to Elysium. They could fix it in a heartbeat. Please, just let me go\" he begged. She felt horrible and sat down next to him on the bed. \"I'm not restraining you. But not everyone is like me out here. I don't want too many people knowing about your vulnerable position. You're exhausted, John. Come and lay down\" Slowly, he did as he was told, feeling more than happy to lay down again. She tucked him in and placed another quilt over his legs. \"I'm trying to keep you safe\" she whispered. He didn't understand this woman's motives at all. At great lengths and risk she tried to protect him even though they didn't know each other. She seemed to know him, so maybe they had met in the past. And as usual, he hadn't cared to remember her name or face. \"why?\" he asked wearily. \"Because I witnessed everything they did and I couldn't bear watching it without doing anything. If I had left you there, you would have died and your body would have been discovered. Lord knows what they would have done to you\" she explained, but he shook his head. \"That makes..no sense at all\" he mumbled, getting agitated. \"I don't enjoy cruelty. My brother works for your company and according to him you're a cold arrogant asshole with hardly any human feelings. He thinks Elysium citizens are more like aliens from old movies than citizens of the future\" He stared at her with an empty expression. He was no alien. A cold arrogant asshole, maybe, but no alien. And what of it? Playing nice didn't do anyone much good in the business world he came from. \"No human feelings, hm?\" he mumbled and looked away from her. Sweat was trickling down his face from exhaustion and stress. He didn't exactly enjoy being called a heartless bastard. \"But I know he's wrong. Cause I've seen another side of you\" she said and they locked eyes again. She reached out and smoothed his hair back, carefully running her fingers through his soft brown strands. He instantly relaxed and closed his piercing blue eyes, as in surrender. \"You might miss this when you're healed and back home. Maybe you'll even try to be nice to someone every once in a while, in the hope that she might do it for you too\" she whispered softly. \"I will miss it\" he admitted. He usually wasn't one to allow others to touch him, especially not in such an intimate way. But her touch felt almost like healing. His head stopped hurting and his fear left his body whenever she ran her fingers through his hair. He would miss it for sure. He wasn't a stranger to nasty headaches. There was medication enough on Elysium, and they worked fine. But he rather saw it disappear through her method. \"Maybe I'll ask you to do it again in the future. Would you accept?\" he asked, half asleep. \"Of course, John. Get some sleep now, alright?\" \"Stay in this disgusting place just to have you play with my hair. What a foolish plan. Yes I'll sleep, I'll sleep\" His body went limp and his breathing evened out, but she only left his side when she felt herself grow weary and her fingers started cramping up. It would be a good few hours till the sun would come up.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 When he woke up again he was happy to find her at his bedside doing exactly what he wanted her to do. Rub his head to keep the pain away. She wasn't paying attention to him and didn't notice he was awake. Instead, she was typing away with one hand on the oldest laptop he had ever seen in his entire life. She pressed enter and he felt a sting in the back of his head. He flinched and that caught her attention. \"Lay still now. It's almost over\" she spoke. He was confused. What was she doing to him? when his vision cleared up he could see a black cable connecting the laptop to the chip in his head. \"what are you doing to me?\" he asked weakly, dreading the answer. She looked up at him and smiled softly. That kind smile she had given him before. The smile that had made him feel safe and secure. \"trying to get rid of the brain spaghetti. It's a mess in there. Do you feel any difference?\" she asked. \"No! get it out of me.. get it out..\" he started struggling and tugging on the cable, but she grabbed his hand. \"John, John! Don't do that.. you'll hurt yourself. Let me disconnect you properly… here\" she typed a few things down and the cable disconnected itself and fell beside him on the pillow. He relaxed and stared at her with an offended expression, feeling almost as violated as before. He reached up to feel the chip in his head and found the wound left from the heist. Right behind his ear, a deep cut. His hand was moved away and something wet and cool was being held against the place of the chip. He looked up to meet her eyes. \"I'm sorry, john\" she said. \"I just thought I might be able to help you\" \"I'm..jumpy\" he mumbled apologetically. \"With good reason\" \"No.. I've always been like that. It's.. it's not your fault. I just don't want anymore.. cables inside my brain\" Her hand found its way to his hair again and he sighed when the feeling of relaxation washed over him. He was definitely going to miss this treatment. \"Alright, John. I understand and I'm sorry. It's alright now\" He wondered if Delacourt had any idea of his whereabouts, and if she would even try to find him. The damn woman had never been very amiable, and he always looked at their annual meetings as a dreaded obligation. Her hand was pulled back from his head when a knock came to the front door. \"That would be my brother.\" Mira said and got up from the side of the bed. \"I'll apologize in advance of what he's going to say to you. I called him a few hours ago when you were sleeping. I thought he might be able to help.\" Fantastic, more fans. Just what he needed. An audience with another satisfied employee. Now his brain felt somewhat cleared up, he remembered the face of the young man that stole his brain data. Along with some of his friends, no doubt, all of them unknown to him. But the young man's name.. was Max. He had had an accident at the factory the other day. Lost in his thoughts, he hadn't realized the looming figure standing at the footend of his bed. A tattooed dangerous looking young man, his arms crossed over his chest. Unmistakably wearing the Armadyne work overall. \"We missed you at work today.. boss.\" He said, the last word spat out mockingly. \"seems like you got yourself busted up huh?\" Giving Mira an uncertain quick look, John cleared his throat and tried to sit up a little, an attempt to look atleast a little dignified in the presence of one of his workers. \"Yes. I want you to do something for me. If it wouldn't be too much trouble.\" He said, but the young man just laughed and peered at his sister. \"Can you believe this? That fucknut doesn't even bother to ask me my name. See? I told you he was like that. Feels too good for anything.. \" John felt himself roll his eyes, a gesture that wasn't met with much kindness either as the young man bared his teeth for a moment and walked up to his bedside. \"Listen here, you rich son of a bitch. I'm not planning on doing anything for your sorry ass until you tell me that I can pack my bags and leave for Elysium with my sister. Alright?\" The CEO stared at the young man in utter disbelief. \"I.. I can't promise that!\" He never stuttered, but these terms sounded so ridiculous, it just took the words right out of his mouth. \"That isn't up to me. I don't run Homeland Security.\" \"Ohh, you hear that, Mira? He doesn't run Homeland Security. You dragged the wrong Elysium bitch into the house. Well then you're useless to me.. John fucking Carlyle. And I've got nothing more to say to you.\" The young man spat and turned to leave. The disappointed look John received from Mira rendered him even more unable to keep up his stoic role. \"No, wait! Please. What is your name?\" He could have sworn he saw Mira hint the smallest of smiles at that point, and that pleased him more than he would ever admit. But the tactic seemed to work and the young gangster turned to face him once again. \"Dean. Dean Sullivan.\" He said. The CEO extended his hand and after a moment of hesitation, Dean accepted. \"Nice to meet you, Mr. Sullivan. I'm John Carlyle. I think.. if you help me. I can put in a good word for you with our Defence Secretary, would that be enough? Once again, I cannot make any promises. \" Dean nodded, a little unsure of what was happening. \"Yea man, you tell that bitch I helped you. Now what do you want?\" A little kindness went along way, John thought amused. Something that must have rubbed off from Mira's kind treatment of him. There was no reason to be rude to her brother after all she had done for him anyway. He could already imagine Delacourt's shocked expression at hearing his explanation of what had happened and exactly what kind of earth citizen he was recommending to her. But all that were problems to be dealt with later. \"I need you to contact Elysium for me. I'm bedridden unfortunately, but it is vital that I return as soon as possible. I wasn't attacked for no reason. I cannot explain to you why as that information I classified. There is a computer in the foreman's office on the main floor that holds a way to communicate directly with Elysium. All you need to do is explain the situation to your foreman and he'll show you how to use the program.\" Dean stared at him, wide eyed. And then started laughing nervously. \"I don't know, man. That foreman is an asshole. I don't think he would believe me. Besides don't you have this freaky medical implant you can use?\" John didn't know the foreman personally. He only vaguely remembered the man on the day Max had his accident. Explaining to him what had happened. He had ordered the foreman to fire Max and get him out of his factory. He shot an uncertain look at a curious and innocent looking Mira. She didn't know half of how much of a heartless bastard she saved. He reached up feel the medical implant. It was unresponsive to his thoughts, touch and probably calls from Elysium. \"I fear the heist damaged it somehow. If it was still working, they would have located me already and I wouldn't be here anymore. I would be grateful if you'd help me, Mr. Sullivan.\" John said. \"Yea well don't go throwing around the gratitude thing too much. You're going to pay me for doing that, rich boy!\" Dean threatened, pointing a tattooed finger at the wounded CEO. \"Fine..\" The Elysium citizen snapped back, getting tired of this little gangster with the brain capacity of a squirrel. \"How much?\" Dean laughed and shook his head, giving his silent sister a quick look. \"Is he fucking kidding me, Mira? It doesn't matter what I ask. He's so stinking rich. This man.. This very man! Bought the planet. He basically fucking bought the fucking planet. That shitty fucked up blue ball that fucks up your view from the window everytime you take a shit. Isn't that right, Carlyle?\" Getting used to his vile language and aggressive attitude, John sighed impatiently. \"How much?\" Dean sniffed, shifted his weight and looked around as if he was embarrassed for what he was about to ask. \"I want a million dollars in cash. In a little fucking leather suitcase with my name on it.\" He said. A million dollars, really? The urge to tell the young man that if a million dollars would fall out of John's pockets, he wouldn't care to turn around and pick it back up. It was nothing, and it proved yet again that Mira inherited all the brain cells in the family, leaving Dean with none to work with. \"Fine.\" John shrugged and flinched when he hurt his chest. \"I expect you can have this done by tomorrow? I take it you're coming back from your shift?\" \"I'm back on tonight. I work night shifts in your 24/7 factory as well as day shifts. Because the pay is so fucking bad I can't get my kids through fucking school if I wouldn't work my ass off like that. Your paycheques suck, Carlyle. But we have a deal. One Million. And the suitcase?\" Dean said. This time Mira interfered. She had seen quite enough. Her brother needed to state his opinion, and he had every right to do so. She knew all about the conditions he had to work in and the young children he had to provide for. But leather suitcases didn't make any difference in that situation. \"Dean, stop being childish. Why would it matter in what container the money was brought to you? Be glad you're going to get it. I think it's time for you to go, he needs rest.\" She said. The CEO was grateful for her help and tried to thank her with a reassuring smile, indicating that he felt alright. The gesture was interpreted the wrong way by her brother who narrowed his eyes at the wounded man. \"Are you getting fucking sweet on my sister now? Is that what's going on here?\" Dean said and took a step in his direction. \"I don't care where you come from, or how rich you are or whoever the fuck your friends in high places are.. this is my little fucking sister.. and if you touch her.. I'm going to make sure I get the right boys to handle you. And I'll sell your ass to whoever's willing to pay the jackpot. Am I clear, Carlyle?\" \"Charming.\" John sneered arrogantly. \"I can assure you, Mr. Sullivan. I didn't volunteer to be here. I don't enjoy it any more than you do. No matter the company.\" Dean huffed and turned to his mildly alarmed looking sister. \"Keep an eye on this fucknut. I'll be back tomorrow afternoon.\" With no other words of goodbye, the young man left. The CEO leaned back into his pillows, feeling exhausted from the ordeal. Because of his exceptionally high immune system, he was a fast healer, but he still needed rest. Mira sat down on the side of his bed and gave him a small smile. \"You alright?\" she asked. He nodded slowly and closed his eyes with a deep sigh. \"I'm very tired. I'd like to rest now.\" Perhaps his answer had sounded a little too cross, for she didn't respond. She tucked him in wordlessly and left him to rest. He didn't have much time to regret his tone before he fell asleep. He dreamed about the faces of his attackers. His memory of the whole event returning to him in their full extent now his brain was healing. He also dreamed about his last talk with Delacourt. She had confided in him about her secret ambitions and even bribed him into helping her execute them. He couldn't care less about who was president of the thing he build himself, all he wanted was to secure the future of his company. When he woke up again, it was dark and the faint noises of a television erupted from the livingroom. Feeling rested and the need to apologize for his earlier tone, he decided to get out of his bed, wrap one of the blankets around himself and face his young savior. Who hadn't failed to bestow her kindness on him once. She sat huddled in a quilt with a bowl of popcorn in front of the glowing screen and looked up in mild surprise when he appeared in the doorway. \"Everything okay?\" she asked, her mouth full of the buttery snack. \"No.. I mean yes.. I.. May I sit down?\" He said, pointing at the seat next to her. She nodded vigorously and removed the bowl, creating room for him. For a while, they simply sat there, side by side, both wrapped in their individual quilts. He looked around the small livingroom. He hadn't been able to before in his state of delirium, and eventhough it was dark, he could make out the colourful wallpaper, a different one on each wall. Mismatching furniture and almost ancient kitchen appliances. His attention was drawn to the television for a brief moment. She had been watching the news. Forest fires. What else was new? \"Are you feeling a bit better?\" He looked up when he heard her question. Her eyes showing nothing but kindness and now also worry. He nodded to reassure her. \"The talk I had with your brother simply wore me out. I just needed to rest.\" He explained. She nodded in understanding and smiled. \"You'll be sleeping in your own bed soon, don't worry. This must look like an absolute dump to you, doesn't it?\" she chuckled, but it was without joy. He opened his mouth to say something, but decided against it. He didn't want her to think he was ungrateful, much less unkind or impolite about her living facilities. \"Well..\" He started carefully, letting his cold eyes roam the room once more. She made an unamused face at his antics and huffed in annoyance. \"I don't need your judgement, Mister Carlyle.\" She shot at him. \"I was going to say I find your home very welcoming. But that is more credited to its owner than the way it looks, I think.\" She blinked at him for a moment, surprised at his words no doubt. \"Thank you. What does your home look like?\" she asked. He shifted a little, making himself more comfortable and leaned his head back. He closed his eyes, feeling safe enough to do so, and contemplated his answer for a moment. \"Very white and spacious. I don't spend much time there. I spend more time on earth than I do at home. Maybe that is not a very desirable trait to entertain, but my work simply won't allow me much time away from my office.\" She reached out to gently comb his hair back and he couldn't resist a small sigh of pleasure. No Med bed in the world could give him the feeling she gave him when she touched him like this. He had hoped she wouldn't cease her ministrations once he would start showing signs of recovery and get more talkative. It didn't seem to alter her ways at all. He was about to doze off once more, when he voice called him back from his almost slumber. \"Are you hungry? I could order a pizza or something.\" He couldn't help but chuckle at her suggestion of cuisine. He wasn't very hungry, and he didn't think pizza would be a very wise choice to eat right now. Much less a nutritious choice. But he didn't want to be rude to her. After all, she had saved his life when no one else cared if he lived or not. \"Pizza sounds great.\" She smiled at his answer and jumped up from the couch. \"Good! Let me get my phone.\" She skipped out of the livingroom, like they had both just decided to adopt a puppy together. He closed his eyes again to get a few more minutes of repose, but she returned just as quickly and happily. \"what kind would you like?\" she asked, handing him a fold out of a grungy looking take out restaurant. Oh boy, one without food poisoning would be great, he mused silently. He looked at the pictures of the various types of pizza's. When did pizza with meatballs make its entry into this foul world anyway? It probably tasted as bad as it looked, if not worse. \"You pick one..\" He said, handing back the fold out. \"Something light would be fine. I can't say I have a lot of experience with pizza. Atleast not in the last 20 years.\" \"Really?\" she giggled. \"My god, what have you been living on up there? I couldn't live without pizza. If they don't have pizza on Elysium, I chose earth.\" She smirked at him proudly and pulled her cellphone out of her pocket. \"Pizza Margarita for John Carlyle coming up then!\" she walked away, leaving him behind with an amused expression on his still pale face. He listened to her ordering the meal in the adjoining room and wondered if he was expected to set anything up for their little dinner party. The coffee table looked good enough. Unless she wanted to eat at the dinner table, which was clobbered with boxes and stacks of laundry. Not wanting to be useless while she was arranging dinner, he reached out to replace a stack of fold outs from several stores and companies laying on the coffee table in an attempt to create room for the pizza boxes. A medical fold out fell to the carpeted floor and he reached down to pick it up. Living with lung cancer and what to expect. He blinked at the sheet of paper. Two happily smiling elderly people on the front cover. As if the disease only claimed those who had had their whole life behind them. He looked up when he caught her gazing at him in the doorway, an unreadable expression on her face. \"Are you ill?\" He inquired softly, holding up the fold out. She grabbed it from him roughly and shoved it into the drawer of a messy looking desk, slamming it shut. \"It's none of your business.\" She said. \"Pizza will be here soon.\" \"I can help you.\" He offered stoically, but she shook her head quickly. \"I don't want your help. I'm fine. It's stage one. I'm on Miporol.. I'll be fine. Nobody knows yet.. Not even my brother. \" she gazed at his collected expression, almost void of any emotion. \"I have a 65% chance of survival. That's pretty damn good.\" She continued, folding her arms across her chest. He looked away from her defiant stare and sighed. He wouldn't force her, nor was he someone to beg. If she didn't want his help, then fine. So be it. \"The offer stands anyway.\" He stated matter of factly. After a moment of silence she slowly sat back down next to him on the couch, gazing at the glowing screen of her old television. A game show was on, one that nobody ever watches, yet survived for years. She rubbed her arms as if she suddenly felt cold and swallowed thickly. \"The day before I found you, I was diagnosed. I haven't quite gotten used to the idea yet. I'm sorry.. It's a lot to take.\" She spoke softly. \"I thought I just had a chest cold that didn't stop bothering me.\" He was silent. He could have talked about the invention of the Med Pods, but he knew she knew about their existence. He had offered to help her, but he had spoken impulsively, something he hardly ever did. Cause how to get her to Elysium without getting berated by Homeland Security he didn't know. He even took Delacourt able enough to send that vile agent after his shuttle should he try to take Mira home with him. Then again, he build the whole thing, he could do whatever he wanted with it. He ran that show, no matter what the government told itself. Lost in his thoughts, he hadn't noticed she had scooted closer to him and was leaning against his arm. He looked down at her tearstained face, almost buried into the blanket he had wrapped around himself. Very gingerly, he moved his arm away and she sat up quickly, muttering her apologies. \"It's alright. You may lean against me if it offers you comfort.\" He spoke stiffly, not at all used to these sort of situations. But she had offered him comfort when he needed it, and so he would return the favour. He moved his arm around her as she leaned against his side, mindful of his wound. Together they watched the widely despised game show, the volume on a near mute. Two wounded strangers that had found solace in eachother's company, awaiting a meal that cost more lives per year than cancer.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 He had listened to the sirens outside long after the young woman's breathing had evened out, indicating she had fallen asleep. His gaze was still fixed on the glowing tv screen, going from game shows back to the news, until a sharp knock on the front door startled the both of them. \"Pizza..\" Mira mumbled, untangling herself from the warm spot against his wounded side. He watched her stumble to the hallway, cursing to herself while trying to straighten her dark hair. The interaction with the delivery man was brief and soon she returned with two steaming boxes. The scent of freshly made pizza filling the dimly lit room. She placed the boxes on the coffee table. \"You want a beer?\" she offered, rubbing the sleep from her glassy, tired looking eyes. \"Or is alcohol a no go area on Elysium?\" \"Quite the contrary.\" He replied, causing her to chuckle as she walked to her kitchen. He squinted at the bright light of the opened fridge and was momentarily blinded when she closed its door again. She handed him the cold, wet bottle and clanked her own against it. \"To dying before our time, John.\" She spoke, and took a deep swig. He waited a few seconds, not sure he wanted to make such a toast with the person that had saved his life. But the prospect of having some alcohol into his nerve wrecked system was too tempting, and he took his own big gulp of the ice cold beverage. He felt it sink down mercilessly into his empty stomach. A few days ago, he wouldn't have believed the person telling him he'd be eating pizza in his underwear on a pre-Elysium looking sofa, in a house that had seen some shit. His shorts had probably costed more than her rent. But the whole situation had something painfully human about it, reminding him all the more they were not so different. All that stood between the two of them, was a few billion dollars. Alright, a lot of billion dollars.. And bless his soul, the pizza was pre-cut. So there was service on Earth after all. She giggled watching him struggle with the first slice, dropping most of the toppings on the floor. He usually snapped at people laughing at him, if they ever found a reason to. But her laugh was contagious and made him chuckle at his own clumsiness. He knew he was a sight to see. And she hadn't even seen him at his best. He wondered if he should tell her about all the times he dropped his coffee on his lap, his desk or worse.. his keyboard. Wonderful starts to a busy day at work. Even more so for his secretary, who'd be send to Elysium to get him a clean suit. \"I'm not used to eating with my hands..\" He apologized. \"I can see that.\" She chuckled, showing no mercy. She had switched channels to something of a movie he didn't recognize. Not that he watched many movies. From what he could see it was a lot of car chases and explosions. She had thankfully chosen not to turn on the volume. To his own surprise, he wolfed down the pizza as if he hadn't had a meal in weeks, and only finished it when there were six empty bottles of beer standing on the coffee table. He was convinced she was trying to drink him under the table. It all looked like a perfect student housing community to him. Reminding him much of his days as a Stanford college student. Feeling satisfied from the rich meal, and relaxed from the amount of alcohol, he leaned back into the cushions, paying only half attention to the dumb movie. It seemed once again the humans were victorious over some sort of alien invasion. There was a comfortable silence between the two of them, as if they were old friends, having known eachother for years. From the corner of his eyes he watched her take one of the Miporal pills, flushing it down with the last swig from a nearly empty bottle of beer. You really weren't supposed to drink alcohol with those. But come to think of it, he had probably done the same in her situation. Feeling his stare, she looked up at him impassively. \"what?\" she asked. \"Nothing..\" He answered. \"I'm just trying to decipher your motives for not accepting my help. We can fix this in three minutes. No one has to know about it. Why won't you accept?\" She swallowed thickly, shaking her head defiantly. \"And live the rest of my life among people who did not have that option? I can't do that, John. The guilt would kill me. And no Med Bay could fix that.\" He had nothing to say to that. He was long passed the feelings of guilt, if he ever had any. The world was a very unfair place. There was nothing he could do about that. And even if there was, he didn't think he'd be willing to do it. If that meant he wasn't a good person, then so be it. He stared at the television screen, the hero of the story holding the woman he saved from the clutches of the alien creatures. Such heroes didn't exist in this world. Nothing was as simple as pure good or pure evil. There was no black and white. Only grey. \"You're welcome to come to my funeral.\" She chuckled, but stopped when she caught him rolling his eyes in irritation. Death wasn't funny. Death was an ugly phenomenon he spend years of doing research on trying to beat it. And he had succeeded in that for a very big part. \"Do you know how old I am?\" He asked, not taking his eyes off the television. A new movie had started. Good Lord, were there actually people watching this night after night? Movie after movie? \"Too old for me..\" she said and watched in amusement as he laughed dryly. He looked a lot less stern and cold when he was smiling. His eyes would get something very endearing and almost kind. \"I was born in 2010..\" he said, looking at her with a smug smile. \"Now I might not look as young as you do, but I have to say.. I look alright for 145 years old.\" She was silent, gazing at him in almost disbelief. It was something she found hard to understand. But the world had changed a lot in a very short time. She remembered her grandmother's stories about a world long lost. Time stood still in the poor neighbourhood she grew up in, and the technological improvement always seemed something so far away, too far for her to grasp or understand. And she had long given up trying to catch up with it. The world was getting more divided each day, and people like her just had to accept they were at the bottom of the food chain. \"So your parents..?\" she inquired softly. \"Sadly deceased. Out of pure stubbornness much like your own. They were people of religion, you see. Accusing me of playing God. They refused my help.. just like you.\" He replied dryly, seemingly undisturbed. It was, after all, a long time ago. \"I don't think humans were meant to live so long. Are our brains even capable of coping with that?\" she asked. \"Some are, some aren't. But our mental capacity can be modified.\" She leaned back against the headrest of the sofa, gazing at him while he rested with his eyes closed. She knew he was tired, yet he was willing to answer every question she had. But the more she asked, the less she knew it seemed. Somehow, she felt privileged to have the designer behind Elysium sitting next to her on her old, dusty couch. No matter how much of an asshole he was. \"You know why else I'd never go to Elysium?\" She said. \"Why?\" \"I'm scared of heights.\" He smiled, amused at her little confession. \"That could be a problem, yes.\" He chuckled. For the second time he felt her scoot closer to him and lean against his side. And again, he wrapped his arm around her. No words were needed. She found comfort in the sound of his steady heartbeat, and the warmth that radiated from his body. No matter what the outcome would be of this situation, and it was likely they'd never meet again, it would leave an impression on the both of them. Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee He awoke in the early hours of the morning, curled up on the couch on his side, the blanket still wrapped around himself. But Mira was no longer beside him. He heard the shower run in the bathroom and slowly moved into a sitting position. The throbbing in his head was significantly less than the previous days, but now heavy with the long forgotten sensation of a hangover. He rubbed his eyes and attempted to smooth back his unruly hair, maybe a shower was a good idea for him as well. If he would return home today, he rather not arrive looking like he spend a week sleeping under a bridge. Hopefully Mira's brother would be successful in his attempt to contact Elysium today. A little unsteady, he got to his feet, causing his stomach to turn in uneasiness. He searched the house for the remains of his clothes, but they were nowhere to be found. He had been in his underwear for days, there was no use getting embarrassed about it now anyway. He collected the empty bottles of beer and put them on the kitchen counter. She appeared from the bathroom still drying her hair, and smiled when she saw he was awake. \"Good morning. How are you feeling today?\" she asked kindly. \"I'm fine. I was wondering.. if I could take a shower. I'll pay for whatever water I use, that won't be a problem..\" He said, and blinked in confusion when she laughed. \"Don't be silly, John. You don't have to pay me. A shower is a great idea.. you can't return to Elysium smelling like a stray cat.\" She joked. \"I'll get you a towel.\" He watched her walk away. Did he really smell that bad?.. Atleast she had voiced her optimism about the chances of him going home today. The bathroom had seen better times, the old tiles a faded blue. The scent of her shampoo lingered in the steam filled shower cabin. She returned and handed him a worn towel, beckoning him to come closer. \"Let's see what your wound looks like. It might be better not to make it wet.\" She said, unwrapping his bandages. Finally able to see the damage they caused to his body, he flinched at the angry looking stitched up wound. But she seemed pleased with the way it looked as she gently palpated around it. The wound was sensitive, but clearly on the mend. Her touch didn't hurt him as much as he had anticipated. \"It's healing very well. I don't think a bit of water will damage it. Just be careful with the soap, it might sting.\" She told him with a warm smile, handing him a faded looking pair of sweatpants and a grey shirt. \"These are my brother's. I think they'll fit you. I guess it has its advantages after all that he still brings over his laundry every week..\" she chuckled. Her kindness still silenced him. And as he watched her leave, he mentally kicked himself. \"Thank you.\" He spoke politely when she was about to close the bathroom door. \"You just saved me the embarrassment of walking over my own front lawn in my underwear. My neighbours would finally have something to talk about during their dreary Sunday barbeques.\" She chuckled. \"They will talk about that pair of sweatpants instead..\" she said and closed the door. Oh, they will. He thought to his bitter amusement. Knowing his neighbours as well as he did, which was thankfully not very well. But not by their lack of trying. He had never been more grateful for a shower in his entire life. The warm water on his aching body almost felt like laying in a Med Bay, relaxing his muscles with its harmless radiation. He was happy to finally smell like something else than blood and sweat, even if it was some cheap flowery stuff Elysians didn't even use to wash their dogs with. That fact seemed a little ridiculous now. The world really was going to shit if dog shampoo determined if you were a worthy enough person or not. Feeling refreshed after the shower, he looked for a comb to straighten his hair, finding her hairbrush instead. It did the job fine. He gazed at himself in the cracked mirror. He looked worlds better than the last time he took a look at himself, yet still pale and tired, it would have to do for now. Who was he trying to impress anyway? By now, word of his unknown whereabouts had probably reached his neighbours as well. They probably didn't expect him to return looking as sharp and impeccable as before he got his chest blown allover the place. It had been decades since the last time he wore sweatpants.. But again, it would have to do for now. He had to admit, they were rather comfortable. Amused, he noticed the faded Armadyne logo on the back of the grey shirt. He didn't even know his company sold shirts. Why didn't he have one? He would ask his secretary about it the next time he'd see her. He wondered if that poor girl was very distraught about the whole situation. What was her name again? Her last name was Varela. Miss Varela.. he gave up. He couldn't remember her first name. He didn't even know if she was from Earth or Elysium. He'd make sure to spend a little more time getting to know the people that worked close to him from now on. They were people like Mira after all. And Miss Varela did everything he asked her. She'd bark like a dog if he'd tell her to. Modestly satisfied with how he looked, he left the bathroom and found Mira in the kitchen making coffee. \"I had no idea my company made shirts..\" He spoke to her back. She turned to face him with an amused smile. \"It does. I have one too. They're pretty good quality. My brother's just looks like shit cause he wears it while fixing up his car.\" She said. He chuckled at that and thanked her when she handed him a cup of fresh coffee. Atleast he doesn't use it to polish his car, he thought. Clean the windshields with the Armadyne logo, why don't you, little gangster. \"You look a lot better now. More like yourself.\" She remarked. \"You smell more like yourself too, I'm sure. Eventhough I have no idea what you usually smell like.\" He decided right there not to mention how much his cologne cost. \"What happened to my clothes? I looked for them, but I couldn't find them.\" He asked. She took a sip of her coffee and shook her head lightly. \"I threw them out. Everything was covered in blood, even your socks. The doctor cut through your shirt but even if he hadn't.. there was a gaping hole in it. I saved your shoes though. They're under your bed.\" She explained. \"They probably cost more than my car.\" She added bitterly. \"I was attended to by a doctor? I don't remember that at all. Does he require payment for his services?\" He asked, the shoes completely forgotten. She nodded with a small uncertain small. \"Doctor Campos, yes. He's a good friend of my father. If you really want to know if he wants you to pay him I could give you his phone number. But I don't think he'd be after money. He's a true humanitarian. He'd tend to the Devil himself. No fan of yours, or Elysium for sure. But he didn't hesitate for one second when I told him you were dying in front of my eyes.\" \"I want his contact information, yes. I'd like to speak to him myself when I find the time.\" He decided, nodding in approval of his own words. He took a sip of his coffee watching her smile while writing down the doctor's phone number. He might not be able to impress his neighbours right now, but to impress Mira with his eagerness to show gratitude meant more to him anyway. She handed him the folded piece of paper, her eyes kind when she looked at him. \"He'll be surprised if you call him, I can give you that.\" She said, rummaging through a cupboard \"You want breakfast?\" she held up a frying pan. He blinked, staring at the cooking device. \"I.. never have breakfast. Only on Sundays.. when I happen to wake up hungry.\" He explained. \"That's the most important meal of the day you're skipping, not good for a man of your age.\" She teased softly, looking over her shoulder at him with a wicked smile. He chuckled at her playful antics, a welcome diversion in his ever serious life. \"I shouldn't have told you about that. I will never hear the end of it, will I?\" He said. She laughed and shook her head. Hell no he was ever going to hear the end of that. Then again, she wasn't sure she would ever see him again once he left to go back home. Up so high where he belonged. Figuring it would be the last meal they'd spend together, he agreed to have breakfast with her. It would take a while before he had figured out why the thought of never seeing her again made him feel sad. \"You never told me what you do in life.. \" He said, watching her finish the last few pieces of egg and toast on her plate. She waited with answering him until she had swallowed down her food. \"I'm a teacher. \" she replied with a small smile. \"You're lucky you crashed in front of my house during spring break.\" He returned her smile. \"High school?\" he asked. She shook her head. \"Elementary.. \" \"Ah, no specifications. Just a little bit of everything\" he concluded. \"It suits you. I don't remember much of my time at elementary school. I know it was in New York, cause we lived there. I would be surprised if that school still exists today.\" \"You have children, John?\" she asked. He shook his head. \"I do not, no. I'm not married.. this ring..\" he fumbled with the golden ring around his finger. \"It was my great grandfather's signet ring. I don't know why I wear it. Sentimental reasons, I suppose. My father made me promise to never take it off.\" She gazed at it curiously. \"I seriously thought that ring could do something.. Call the president of China or.. transform into a life boat.. anything.\" He chuckled. \"No.. I'm afraid it is just what it looks like.\" They both looked up when a knock came to the door. He watched her walk off to open the door for an exhausted and panting Dean, followed by four droids that looked much like Carlyle's former bodyguards. Mira didn't seem happy with the armed parole officers in her house and kept her distance, her arms folded across her chest as she followed the robots into the kitchen where they surrounded the CEO protectively. \" Mister Carlyle, your shuttle will arrive in 10 minutes. Are you in need of immediate medical attention?\" asked one of the droids with its mechanic, emotionless voice. \"He's fine!\" Mira protested, not keen on being ignored. One of the droids turned to her. \" stop talking, citizen. It is unauthorized to address a parole officer with that tone.\" She was silent, but her expression spoke volumes and John decided he had seen enough. He got up from his chair slowly. \"Droids, lower your weapons. I'm not in immediate danger.\" He ordered. The robots did as they were told. Dean walked up to Mira and placed an uncertain hand on her arm. \"You alright, sis?\" he asked. She shrugged him off, angry with the situation. \"I'm sorry they're here.\" Dean apologized. \"The moment I had contacted these Elysian people everything went so fucking fast. These fucking droids appeared out of nowhere and demanded I'd bring them to him.\" He looked at the CEO angrily, as if it was all his fault. \" scanning for injuries\" One of the droids started. A faint blue light came out of its eyepieces and scanned over Armadyne's CEO. \"Cardiothoracic trauma detected. You are in need of urgent medical attention. Would you like a pill?\" \"No..\" John said, gazing at the furious young woman. He was sorry to see her so upset with the droids inside her home. They had no right to come bursting in like this. That was something in their program that needed to be changed. He wondered if they did this all the time. They probably did. They could be unnecessarily violent from time to time It was only a few moments later when a shuttle arrived right in front of the house. Its sheer force blowing through the opened windows, causing the stack of fold outs on the coffee table to scatter everywhere. Dean cursed loudly. But John could not take his eyes off the woman that had saved his life. Her dark hair blowing around her face, almost covering it completely. Ignoring the cryptic communications between the droids and the shuttle outside, John walked up to her and extended his hand. \"Thank you, miss Sullivan. For all you've done for me.\" He said, trying to make himself hearable over the sound of the shuttle's engines. She stared at his hand for a moment before slowly accepting it. Nodding at his words of gratitude. \"Take care, John.\" He wasn't mister Carlyle to her. He never would be. She flat out refused to belong in the category of people that placed him on a pedestal. White colored droids joined the others, they came running, red crosses on their chest pieces. They took the CEO with them while the white shuttle's engine was still running. She stood by the window with her brother right behind her, watching the medical shuttle take off into space.[Chapter 4] Thanks for all the favs and reviews! Chapter 4 It had been weeks since John had left her home, and the memories of the events started to become part of her mind like they had only ever existed in her imagination. Doctor Campos had briefly called her the day after Carlyle left to inform her the CEO had contacted him to express his gratitude. It had been a strange day for the doctor. Dean had received his money after his shift the following day. He had been called into a little back office where Carlyle's secretary had handed him a leather suitcase containing a million dollars cash. The CEO had obviously felt too good to hand over the money himself. And it had probably a lot to do with the treatment Dean had given his employer when the latter was in a vulnerable position. It was Carlyle's way of saying that the only reason Dean wasn't fired yet and actually got his stupid money, was because Mira was his sister. But the little gangster shouldn't make the mistake of addressing him in such a way ever again. She slowly began to realize there would be no further word coming from John Carlyle. She and him, although so closely connected during his stay at her home, were from different worlds that were obviously harder to combine than they both had anticipated. Once school had started again, she decided to tell her young students about her little adventure with the Elysian businessman. It had raised a lot of questions from her young pupils. There were obviously a lot of wild stories going around about what people from Elysium looked like. It was no surprise to her. These children had never been up close to an Elysian citizen. Their imagination had run wild because of the lack of answers. How tall was he? Did he speak a different language? Did he sleep? Did he use the bathroom? Questions like that made her wonder if Elysians were aware of it that the children of earth basically doubted if they were human beings at all. And being the teacher she was, she was glad she could provide the answers these children so desperately needed. John Carlyle was very human indeed. He liked pizza like everyone else and could sleep like a hibernating bear. The children had laughed at her stories. Sometimes she wondered what would happen should she invite him to her school. Let him explain how often he went to the bathroom. He would probably ignore her request. Once the stories had reached the children's parents, more concerned topics reached the surface. Most of them concerning the exact reasons of Carlyle's data heist. Rumors went around that a new president of Elyisum had been assigned, but as usual, the Torus didn't care about informing Earth of its silent revolution. It didn't matter much to Mira, she had bigger fish to fry. Her illness was eating at her body at a steady pace. The Miporol could make her feel like nothing was going on, but she was losing weight rapidly, up to a point that the school's principal ordered her to inform the parents of the children in her class. It had been the hardest ten minutes in front of a chalk board she had ever endured. The faces of the parents, sitting in their own children's school benches, gazing at her in pure shock and disbelief. She wouldn't be there for the next semester if the illness continued to develop this fast. Then the get well cards arrived. And the flowers on her desk in her classroom, along with a dry note from the principal. The worst were the crying children she had to comfort once the news reached the youngsters she had tried to protect. But things were about to get even worse. The eight year old Trevor, a student from her group, had been diagnosed with the very same thing that was eating her. His mother came to inform her about it after his second week of absence. It felt like her world was falling apart when the desperate mother had sunk to her knees in tears. The doctors had given him up, like they had given her up a few weeks back. At night, she gazed up at the wheel rotating in the sky, and wondered if the high and mighty John Carlyle was aware of the drama taking place on the planet he despised so much. She had put John's blood stained shoes in an old box and had shoved it into a far corner of her closet. Like a grotesque souvenir to be rediscovered when they were stripping down her house after her death. Her brother had bought her a new car with his million. Likely because she turned down the offer of a better house in a better part of the city. It didn't matter anymore. She wouldn't be in this world for long anyway. \"Why don't you go and see that son of a bitch and let him repay you. You saved his life.. he will save yours too. He told you he would, I know he did.\" Dean urged her one evening, as they sat on her old rickety couch, side by side. His arm around her trembling shoulders as she cried big tears of despair. They weren't even for herself. They were for little Trevor. The boy that refused to show up in anything else but his Spiderman costume the first two months of the year. Ever since she had told Dean about her illness, he had brought up Carlyle's promise almost every day. Up to the point of begging her on his knees to let the Elysian businessman take her to his Med Bay. \"I don't want to. I rather die than get healed and watch Trevor die instead.\" She said in a shaky voice. \"That's all I wish.. that boy.. \" In all of his tough exterior, he was her older brother, and he held her close to his tattooed chest as she cried. And he would honor her last wish, if she wanted it to be like this, he would make sure it happened. Even if he had to hold Carlyle's face in a toilet bowl to get it done. So he nodded, feeling tears well up in his own eyes as well. \"Then you and Trevor go with me to the factory tomorrow, and we'll demand the kid gets healed.\" He spoke with determination. She clung on to him for dear life, burying her face in his shirt. She was scared, scared to find out what was beyond the dark curtain of death. She loved her life. Loved her job. Loved her brother, most of all. Trevor's mother was a whole new challenge. Like any parent, she didn't think much of the idea of sending her child up to Elysium on his own. But Mira knew John would never take her with him too. He owed her, but he would do it on his terms nonetheless. She knew him a little by now. And by the way he had treated her brother and the money he had promised him, she knew she was right about this. Mira would give Trevor what Carlyle had promised for her.. life. With that thought, the mother handed over her child. So the next day, on her old bicycle, with Trevor behind her, she managed her way across the dirt roads that led to the glooming factory walls. She would meet Dean at the gates of the Armadyne factory, he would explain the situation to the foreman and had him grand them access. Trevor's mother had given the boy his Spiderman backpack containing his lunch, like he was going on a field trip. A nervous Dean ushered them through the factory hall, aware of the stares of the other workers. What they did was illegal. They had no formal appointment with the CEO, and their presence was unauthorized. If any droids picked up their signal, they would be thrown out with brutal force. It was the last thing she wanted to see happen to Trevor. The little boy skipped happily along with her. Like her, he was on Miporol, and the effects of his disease wouldn't manifest themselves yet. Dean knew exactly where he had to go, and rounded a corner to open a small door that lead to the staircase. Leaving the work floor behind, they climbed the staircase to get to the CEO's front office. A foreman came up to meet them, looking quite offended by their trespassing. \"You have an appointment?\" He asked. Dean grabbed him by the collar of his shirt and shoved him harshly into a wall. Mira had no idea how he had sneaked it through the detection booths, but her brother reached into his coat pocket to take out a gun, pressing the end of its barrel against the foreman's head. \"You're going to open that fucking door or I'm gonna blow your brains out.\" He hissed. The man whimpered in fear. \"That's enough..\" A female voice said. Carlyle's secretary had arrived, clutching her notebook against her chest as she calmly walked up to them. \"Let him go or I will call for security. State your business here.\" She said. If she was shocked to see an armed man, she didn't show it. The skin modified flowers on the side of her head revealed she was an Elysian. Her cool demeanour changed only when Dean pointed the gun at her. \"Tell that rich son of a bitch to get his ass over here..It's pay day.\" He threatened. Miss Varela swallowed nervously. \"He's in a conference call\" she argued calmly. Mira had to admit, this woman was bravery incarnate. To say her employer was busy into the barrel of a loaded gun showed some guts. \"But.. Once he's done..I'm sure he has a few minutes to spare for you..\" she continued, looking at Mira meaningfully. So they waited. Awkwardly sitting on a modern looking grey sofa in Varela's office while she typed away on her computer. Shooting wary glances at Dean every so often. Security droids were only one button away now, and Mira's brother had put away his gun. Trevor was free to roam around the office, so they both watched in amusement as he attempted to communicate with the tropical fish in the big aquarium. He was unaware of the seriousness of the situation, and only looked forward to meeting someone they had talked about at school. The subject of Trevor's homework came out of his office half an hour later and stopped in his tracks when he saw Mira. \"What is the meaning of this?\" He asked coolly, giving Varela an agitated look. The secretary obviously didn't know what to say. Caught off guard she started tripping over her words. \"Is..isn't this miss Mira Sullivan, sir?\" she asked. But Carlyle didn't answer, he had noticed the child rolling around on the contemporary black and white carpet and was temporarily distracted. \"John..\" He averted his eyes from the child upon hearing her voice and gazed at her impassively. His eyes missed the warmth she had seen before. They were devoid of emotion and made her wonder if he even remembered the offer he made her. There wasn't much time for them to hold a staring contest however, for Trevor had noticed the CEO's presence and came over excitingly. \"I had my show and tell about you!\" The child said proudly. The businessman just stared at him like he had never seen a little boy before. Confused at the man's silence, Trevor looked over his shoulder at his teacher for help. Mira had hoped the CEO wouldn't be the social disaster he could be at this very moment, or could atleast part from his cool demeanour for a moment to accommodate a young child. She placed her hands on Trevor's small shoulders and leaned in close to his ear. \"I think mister Carlyle wants to know your name first..\" she told him softly and encouragingly, keeping her eyes on the cold businessman, almost begging him to cooperate. Trevor, already over the first disappointment, held out his hand. \"I'm Trevor!\" For a moment it didn't seem the CEO was going to respond to this either, but when her eyes starting shooting daggers at him, he accepted Trevor's handshake and nodded stiffly at the little boy like he was greeting one of his stockholders. \"Pleasure..\" he mumbled dryly, causing the boy to beam with pride at the, in his eyes, successful introduction. But the businessman had played Mira's game long enough and regarded her coldly, like she had just done him the greatest wrong of all times. \"My office.. now\" He said and turned on his heels. Handing a rather confused Trevor over to her brother, who immediately started trying to distract the boy by explaining what each of his tattoos stood for, she followed the CEO into his office. He shut the door behind her with a loud clap, causing her to flinch at the sound, and folded his arms across his chest, looking very unamused. \"I can explain this..\" she started, holding up her hands in an attempt to calm him down. \"I'm sure you have your story at the ready, miss Sullivan. And before you start off on a rant I really have no time for, I wish to say something too. This is the last time you're going to pull a trick on me like that. You have..no idea.. who you're talking to. Do you?\" He said. Offended, she huffed. \"Well, look at you, mister high and mighty. I think I'm talking to the man who begged me to not leave him alone while he was trying to sleep. I'm talking to a man dropping pizza toppings on his underwear on my couch.. I'm talking to a man, a human man, I slept on a sofa with! Do you wish for me to continue.. mister John Carlyle?!\" It seemed to work, cause he backed off and sat down in his office chair. He rubbed his eyes tiredly and let out a deep sigh. \"What is it that you want?\" he asked. \"I'm here to accept your offer.\" She said dryly. He looked up at her, leaning his chin on the back of his hands. \"You care to remind me what I offered? I've been very busy.\" She sighed in annoyance, he didn't give a rats ass about her or anyone but himself. \"You offered to heal me. Do you even remember I'm sick?\" He gazed her calmly, looking up and down, as if he expected to find visible traces of what was trying to eat her away. \"I know you're sick. I also know you didn't want to use a Med Bay because you felt like you couldn't live with the guilt. That has changed, I take it?\" He asked. \"It has not. I'm here to request healing for someone else. The little boy you just met..\" she started. \"No..\" His answer, devoid of any feeling whatsoever, felt like a slap to her face. She couldn't believe this man was able to just sign a little child's death sentence with one word. For a moment, she was rendered speechless, just staring at him in utter disbelief. \"You promised..\" she argued softly. \"I offered it to you. That offer cannot be used for any other means. My answer is no. But for you, the offer still stands.\" Exasperated, she wrapped her arms around herself as if she suddenly felt cold. She didn't want to be defeated so easily, but the illness was draining her strength. She wasn't the lively woman she had been only months earlier. Without waiting for his permission, she sat down in one of the chairs in front of his desk. The cold black leather cracked under her light weight, it suited his personality quite well. Feeling tears well up, she looked down at her dirtied hands, covered in dust, like everyone else's. \"All I want is that Trevor will live. That is my wish. If you care about repaying me for saving your life, you honor that wish..\" she spoke softly, calculating every word. Once she looked up at him again, he met her stare defiantly. How many people had sat in this very same chair and had braved themselves through his Siberian attitude, she didn't know. \"It's my Med Bay..\" He started. \"And it's my life!\" She interrupted him angrily, slamming her hand down on the transparent desk. \"Are you even above honouring a death wish? Is that it?!\" \"Raising your voice at me won't get you want you want, miss Sullivan!\" He roared. An uncomfortable silence followed. He didn't like to be reminded she was in fact a dying human being, the young woman that had saved his life. And he couldn't help her, unless she agreed to come with him. Just like his parents, he had to watch her go. \"I.. fixed this disease.. decades ago..\" He started with a shaky voice as he leaned over his desk. \"And I cannot stand the idea you refuse to use it.. I cannot stand it, Mira. But if I have to make peace with the fact you wish to die.. I rather not see you ever again.\" His words sank in only slowly, and he had already called for his secretary to come in when she snapped herself out of her trance. Miss Varela walked in quietly, seemingly on her tiptoes as if she was afraid to disturb a tender moment or something. Carlyle had gotten up from his desk and handed the Elysian woman a set of keys. \"Amelia, I want you to take that child up to my house, have him use the Med Bay and return at once. Get someone in here with a DNA tag..\" He mumbled. Mira couldn't help but smile softly to herself, even though the tears were still dripping down her face. She didn't dare to look up at him, afraid he might change his mind. \"Yes, sir\" Miss Varela replied, her eyes focused on the young woman in the big leather chair. \"And miss Sullivan, sir?\" Carlyle followed his secretary's worried gaze. He had hurt Mira with his words, he knew he did. But there was no helping it. If she didn't want the privilege to use his Med Bay and get rid of her illness, there was little else he could offer her. \"She can wait here for the boy along with her brother. Let someone bring over some tea and coffee.. I'll move my work to the foreman's office for now.\" With that, and no other goodbye, the CEO left his office. Passing the child and his employee without saying a word. If all Elysians were supposed to be stone cold people, then Miss Varela was the exception to the rule. She kneeled down next to Mira's chair to place a comforting hand on her knee, not even minding the dirt stains on her cheap pair of jeans. \"If they handed out awards for biggest jerk in the world, miss Sullivan..\" she started, causing the teacher to laugh through her tears and wipe her eyes with her shirt sleeve. \"He'd win first price..\" Mira continued. Miss Varela just smiled. \"Maybe second. He cares about you a lot. I.. I think he doesn't like feeling like he can't do anything about it. He's a man that needs answers. And if the answers aren't given to him, he will turn the world upside down to find them. That is how he build the Med Bay in the first place.\" There were so many people who knew him better than Mira did, and she was well aware of it. Even his secretary seemed to know more about him. \"It doesn't matter anymore..\" Mira said, still sniffing. \"I'm just happy you're going to take Trevor up there. He'll love to hear he's going to fly in a shuttle..\" she chuckled. The secretary squeezed her shoulder comfortingly before getting up from the grey, tiled floor. \"A brandnew shuttle too..\" She said with a wink, knowing the little boy was going to be overjoyed. \"I'll take good care of him, I promise. I'll go get my things.\" Mira nodded and smiled when she saw Trevor walk into the office, looking around in awe. He pressed his nose against the glass window that looked out over the factory hall, and waved at the workers. Some waved back in slight confusion, probably wondering if it was Carlyle's son they were waving at. Thank God the soulless bastard didn't put any children on this earth. \"Trevor..\" Mira called for his attention. The young boy came up to her immediately. She took his hands in hers and smiled at him, hoping silently he wouldn't notice her tearstained face. \"You're going with Miss Varela to Elysium.\" She told him. The boy stared back at her and blinked. \"Right now?\" His teacher nodded in confirmation. \"Right now.\" \"In a shuttle?\" The boy asked, his little round face beaming with anticipation. But then his expression suddenly changed, like only a child's could do. \"What about you?\" He asked. Mira bit her lip to hold back the tears that were threatening to make her own despair visible. \"I can't go with you. I'll be here waiting for you when you come back.\" \"But you're sick too!\" Trevor called out. The unfairness of the situation making no sense to his innocent brain. His teacher could only gaze at him calmly, as if made numb by the whole ordeal. \"You behave yourself, Trevor\" Mira said, forcing herself to smile at the young boy. \"But what about you?\" he asked again. Miss Varela had collected her purse and coat and came up to the teacher and her pupil. It was time to go. The child's question remained unanswered as Miss Varela extended her hand toward him with a kind smile. A little unsure, the boy accepted. \"I'll be right here.\" Mira said. It seemed the be enough for Trevor, cause he followed Miss Varela out of the office without any further trouble. He waved briefly at Dean, still sitting on the couch in the front office. The tough man responded with a military salute and a wink. Now alone in Carlyle's sterile office, Mira Buried her face in her hands, finally allowing the tears to fall freely.[Chapter 5] Thanks for the support during my long absence on this story. Enjoy the new chapter. More to follow soon. Chapter 5. It was about two hours later when Dean woke up on the couch in Varela's office. The factory had turned completely quiet, the work floor a dark pit with only the emergency exit lights to guide your way. The workers had gone home. Rubbing his eyes tiredly, he looked at his watch. 05:30, no wonder the place was deserted. A typical worker's day ended around 05:00. The night shift started around 08:00. He sat up slowly, looking around. The door to the CEO's office was open, and the sound of someone working at a computer reached his ears. But the bright TL pipes on the ceiling had been turned off, the only light came from the computer screen. Dean pulled himself up from the couch with a grunt and poured himself a cup of coffee from the tray that had been put in Varela's office. Taking a careful sip, for the beverage was still hot, he peered around the doorway of Carlyle's office. The Elysian businessman sat behind his desk, working on Lord knows what in a completely dark office. He didn't notice Dean right away, and the latter had time to scan the place for his younger sister. He found her laying on the couch, vast asleep under the CEO's expensive coat. Amused, Dean took another sip from his coffee and cleared his throat to make his presence known. John looked up. \"Come in..\" He mumbled and resumed his work. Rolling his eyes, for he wasn't asking for permission, Dean stepped into the office. He sighed, gazing at his sleeping sister. She must have been exhausted to fall asleep like that, but she looked calm and most of all comfortable. \"Your secretary is taking her sweet ass time, isn't she?\" Dean said, keeping his voice low to avoid waking Mira up. \"I have no idea what she's doing..\" Carlyle confirmed, never ceasing his typing. \"But she should be back soon.\" Dean nodded as he looked around the office like he was in a museum. \"You got kids, Carlyle?\" He asked, taking another sip from his coffee. The CEO pursed his lips in slight agitation, and stopped his work for a moment. \"I do not see why I should be sharing personal details about my life with you..\" He argued. Dean chuckled at the businessman's defensive reply. \"Relax, man. I meant nothing by it. Just trying to make conversation here..\" He laughed. \"I do not wish to have a conversation with you. About anything for that matter.\" \"Fair enough..\" Dean said. \"I got kids. Got two girls at home.\" The Elysian just let out a deep annoyed sigh, never taking his eyes off the glowing screen. \"The oldest is called Shelley, she's 14 now. Will be 15 soon. She looks so much like her mom, it's ridiculous.\" Dean continued happily. It was obvious nothing would make this man stop talking, so John did his best to just ignore his stupid babbling and tried to finish his work. He felt himself count to ten to calm himself and not press the security button to have a droid remove Mira's annoying brother from his view. \"The youngest is Kim. Turning 10 this month!\" Dean said proudly. \"I'd love to have a son.\" Then what are you doing in my office? Go home and make some more children, why don't you. Like this damn planet isn't overcrowded enough as it is. Carlyle mused softly. It was on the tip of his tongue, but he wouldn't risk Mira's wrath should she hear about what he said to her brother. \"And then my wife, you see. Now that is one fine woman. You should see her. Man. She's got these long dark curls that drive you nuts. I'm telling you, I've been married to her for 10 years but fuck me.. whenever she wears those skin tight jeans she's got..\" Feeling a headache come up, John rubbed his temples. \"I'd do anything for that woman..\" Dean said, gazing at Carlyle with his arms folded across his tattooed chest. \"You know why?\" \"Enlighten me\" The CEO said, completely uninterested, trying to focus his attention on what was happening on the computer screen. \"Cause she's too good for me. But she choose me anyway. That's love, Carlyle. Two imperfect people refusing to give up on eachother.\" Dean waited a moment before continuing. \"Like my little sister here refused to say anything bad behind your back. Even if you were a complete dickhead for not picking up that phone and call her to ask how she's doing.\" \"I know how she's doing.\" Carlyle replied dryly, moving his eyes up to meet Dean's momentarily before looking back at his screen. \"And to my knowledge I did everything I could to persuade her to change her current situation. But it seems your sister entertains a penchant for dying instead. Perhaps you should seek out some mental assistance for her, instead of bothering me with your petty attempts at guild tripping.\" For a moment, all Dean could was gaze at the Elysian businessman in sadness and defeat. The weight of his sister's nearing death gnawing at him like a rat in his inside pocket. \"You didn't try shit, man.\" The tattooed man whispered in desperation. \"That girl cares about your sorry ass. That is precious, man. You're treating it like you got a mansion full of chicks up there.\" \"Well that is hardly the case.\" Carlyle mumbled bitterly, deleting an email he had been writing cause he hadn't been able to concentrate on it properly due to Dean's presence, and his formulation left nothing to the imagination that he had a gangster in his office while writing to the ambassador of Europe. Several grammar mistakes and a few swear words decorated his unfortunate email. \"I do not have a limitless amount of time on my hand to bother myself with such insignificant frivolities, mister Sullivan.\" \"You call my sister an insignificant frivolity I'm gonna beat yo ass so bad no med bay can fix your face.\" Dean warned. \"Or your ass..\" Having had quite enough, Carlyle shoved his expensive chair back sharply. \"If you're in my office to make threats, mister Sullivan, may I remind you I can very well make threats too. And I can assure you, I will gladly turn my threats into deeds, should you have the audacity to come and threaten me in my office again!\" It was at that moment Dean decided to turn his threats into deeds as well, and before the Elysian realized, he had grabbed the businessman by the front of his shirt, pulling him close to his tattooed face, ready to beat the arrogant man into a coma. \"Man, you are two seconds away from having your front teeth slammed into that fancy desk of yours.\" Dean hissed. Carlyle struggled against his grip, but couldn't pull loose. \"Unhand me!\" He ordered. \"Let go of me! Have you lost your mind?!\" \"Shut your mouth, or I'll rebuild it!\" Dean warned, slamming the CEO of Armadyne's back into the grey wall of his office, keeping him there, pinned against the concrete. \"She should have let you die. It's what you deserve anyway!\" Right then, Mira intervened, having woken up because of the ruckus around her, she pushed herself between the two men, gently urging her brother away from her former patient. \"Dean, no! Have you gone crazy!\" she said. \"Let him be.\" As Dean let go, allowing his tired sister using the little strength she had left to push him away, he fired a few deadly glances at the shocked Elysian businessman, still pressed against the wall. \"You promised.\" She pleaded to her brother. \"Dean, you promised. No violence.\" Looking at his sister, the gangster's expression softened. \"Hell, I wasn't gonna break his pretty peeled face, man.\" He shrugged. \"Just wanted him to know who's top dog. He knows now, don't you, Johnny?\" The CEO said nothing, and stared at the young man with a steely glare while readjusting his tie. Mira sighed tiredly, much like she would do when two of her young students refused to stop bickering about a disappeared crayon. \"Enough.\" She chided softly. \"Both of you.\" She then handed the CEO his jacket back, the one he had placed over her after she had fallen asleep. \"Thank you.\" She mumbled, as he took it from her. He searched for her eyes, but she refused to look at him. \"I might have wrinkled it a bit.\" She apologized, rubbing her arms against the cold air in the office. The heaters had been shut down when the factory work floor closed. \"Why don't you keep it?\" Carlyle suggested dryly. \"You're still cold.\" He tried to hand it back, but she turned away from him, shaking her head. \"I cannot afford to be in your debt, mister Carlyle.\" She shot over her shoulder, accepting her brother's leather jacket instead. So he had been reduced to mister Carlyle then, the Elysian mused sadly. The young man wore nothing but a faded tank top underneath, but he didn't seem to be bothered by the chill that hung in the air. Offended, Carlyle tossed his expensive coat on his desk. \"Do not treat me like I care more about my attire than your wellbeing, Mira.\" He said, his voice shaky with emotion. \"That is not the case, and you know it.\" She didn't answer, and didn't look at him either, she simply leaned against her brother's broad chest, fighting back her tears. \"Man, shut the fuck up.\" Dean spat at him, his arms around his shivering sister protectively. \"How long is this supposed to take? Why don't you go call that piece of arm candy of yours, and tell her to get her ass back here. The kid's parents are waiting.\" Carlyle huffed. \"You should have thought about that before deciding to force me to send a child up there. I don't know why it's taking this long. Anything could have happened.\" He said, sitting back down at his desk. \"Homeland Security might have intervened. They can pick up anything that breaches Elysium's atmosphere than doesn't belong there. You might have caused that child more harm than good by doing this.\" Now hardened, he didn't cease his horror scenarios when Mira gave him a terrified look. \"He could be in a holding cell right now, for all we know. Being questioned. And I suppose I'll have some explaining to do as well once I get home. Since it was my own shuttle that carried that child.\" Unfolding herself from her brother's arms, Mira approached the desk slowly. \"They won't hurt him, will they?\" The CEO shot her a cold glare. \"You know just as well as anyone droids aren't known for their gentle approach.\" He explained harshly. \"They were programmed to deal with illegal immigrants quickly and efficiently, and they're allowed to use violence if they must.\" He was causing the young woman in front of him great distress, he knew he did. Her lip trembled in shock. \"Violence?\" she whispered. \"Against a child?\" \"An illegal child.\" Carlyle corrected her dryly. \"The droids used by Homeland Security aren't programmed to know the difference between a minor and an adult.\" Slowly, her horrified expression turned into anger. \"But you made them.\" She nearly choked on her words. \"Why would you make them like that? What purpose does it serve that they use violence against little children? As young as infants they go up there!\" \"I make what is requested.\" Carlyle replied simply. \"The request didn't include a difference in behaviour when dealing with under aged targets. Why would I make something more complicated, when I don't even get paid for it? Besides, if the parents didn't want their children to be exposed to the danger of facing droids, they should have decided against sending them up there in the first place. It's breaking the law. No matter how you look at it.\" she looked ready to throw his computer screen through a window, yet he didn't stop. \"Breaking the law has its consequences. Perhaps that is something you should teach your students, miss Sullivan. Before preaching about paradise.\" She shook her head slowly, not believing, refusing to believe what she was hearing. But her eyes now showed pity, disappointment, and most of all regret. \"Listen to yourself..\" she whispered. \"What made you detest people so much? Perhaps it would have been better if we had never met. I do not wish you death, John.. but I do wish it wouldn't have been me.\" The Elysian said nothing in return, and dropped his gaze to his keyboard. He could no longer meet the eyes of the dying young woman that had saved his life, and had treated his rattled self with much kindness and compassion. But he didn't have to. At that moment, the light patter of a young boy's sprint echoed through the sterile hall that lead to the CEO's office. Trevor came bursting into the room, his hair soaking wet, and the biggest smile on his face. Being a child, he hadn't picked up on the nervous mood that hung in the air, and he jumped into his teacher's awaiting arms in an unbridled act of happiness. \"Miss Sullivan!\" He started excitingly. \"We went.. in the shuttle.. and we went up, and it took like a very long time to get there.. and..\" The boy, completely out of breath from running the entire way from the launch bay to the office, to tell about his adventure, was hardly able to get out of his words. Mira chuckled softly, kneeling in front of him in an attempt to calm him enough to do his story. \"Easy, Trevor.. Take your time.\" She told him gently. He nodded vigorously, still smiling, and tried to mimic her breathing as she attempted to show him how to inhale and exhale calmly. \"And then we went.. to a house.. to his house.\" Trevor pointed at the silent businessman, a quiet observer to the small scene unfolding in his usually so quiet and organized office. \"And I had to lay in this thing.. this really big thing.. and then I felt loads better.. and I was hungry, so Amelia took me to her house, which was much prettier, and much better, cause there was a dog, and I got to play with him in the yard, and then I had lunch. Pancakes. which was great!\" Mira stopped him for a moment, still trying to calm him. \"Trevor.. breathe.\" She instructed kindly. He nodded again, this time rushing his respiration exercises to continue his story. \"And then I got to swim in the pool! And there was ice cream, and robots, and the dog! And then he jumped in the pool, and all the robots went nuts!\" The boy continued, the adrenaline coursing through his body. But the traces of his illness were gone, and he looked completely healthy, like any other boy his age. There was a healthy red blush on his young cheeks, and he had gained the necessary body fat to boast his immune system. \"I forgot the dog's name..\" He suddenly said, slowly regaining his breath, a deep worried frown on his face. Mira laughed. \"That's alright. I'm sure he'll forgive you.\" She hugged the boy again, letting out a deep sigh in relief at his safe return. \"I'm so glad to see you, Trevor.\" Miss Varela had arrived at the office as well. Unlike Trevor, she hadn't decided to run through the hall on her heels. She stood in the doorway, looking quite guilty, and almost afraid to show herself to her employer, who was now rubbing his temples, feeling a headache come up. Mira bit her lip seeing the difficult situation Carlyle had been put in, and turned to her young pupil again. \"I think we owe someone a thank you, don't you?\" she asked the boy, who seemed to think about her question for a moment, before nodding. She let him go, wanting him to do the thanking by himself. As always, she remained the teacher, and she was one of those that let the children try by themselves at first, and offer assistance only when necessary. Getting around the big, glass desk, Trevor halted next to the CEO's chair. \"Thank you, mister Carlyle.\" He spoke politely, with slightly more apprehension than before, the child had obviously learned its lesson in dealing with the stoic man. Still holding his head in his hands, Carlyle slowly straightened, and looked down at the small child impassively. For a moment Mira feared the businessman would not be persuaded a second time to address a child from Earth, but she was pleasantly surprised when Carlyle gave a quick nod in acknowledgement. To Trevor, besides from acceptance, it was also permission to run off and thank the person who, in his naïve eyes, really made the whole trip possible. Which was miss Varela. The young boy wrapped his arms around her in a much more affectionate show of gratitude. \"Thank you, Amelia! I had a great time! But I forgot the name of your dog!\" He said, looking up at her with an apologizing smile. \"Chio.\" Miss Varela chuckled awkwardly, feeling her employer stare at her intently. She was in trouble, and she knew it. \"We had a good time, didn't we, Trevor?\" she decided on saying. The child nodded vigorously, and turned to his teacher, in the hope she would approve of his thank you's. But Mira's eyes were on the tired and defeated looking Carlyle, rubbing the bridge of his nose in an attempt to soothe his still building migraine. It had been a long day. For every soul present in his office right now. \"John..\" she urged gently, not wanting to end this day with him refusing to look at her. \"You saved his life.\" She continued. There was no reaction, and she didn't think she expected one. \"I'm proud of you.\" Her voice just above a whisper. He removed his hand from his face, and looked up at her coldly. \"Oh that is a real comfort.\" He sneered. \"Good.\" She spoke back bravely, not intimidated by his sarcasm. \"Then I suppose I should go.\" He nodded in agreement, his expression still hard and unforgiving. \"Yes, I suppose you should.\" As Mira turned toward her brother, ready to go, the young man shook his head at the moping businessman in disapproval, but the Elysian ignored his almost pleading stare. There was nothing left to say, and right now, watching Mira get out of his office, and take all these people with her, was all he wanted, and he wasn't going to do be refused what he wanted this time. So Dean picked up the child, and wrapped his other tattooed arm around his sister's narrow shoulders protectively. She thanked miss Varela on her way out, giving her a kind hand, and a few words of sincere gratitude. The secretary didn't quite know how to respond, the situation ending in sadness as she had predicted. The child said his goodbyes to the kind Elysian woman, and waved, in all innocence, at the brooding form of Armadyne's CEO, who obviously, never waved back. No droids bothered them on their way out of the factory. They had been called, and were situated all across the empty production floor, but none of the heavily armed robots seemed to have received any orders to obstruct their path. They were free to leave. They took Dean's car, with her bicycle attached to the top, and returned the boy to his overjoyed and worried parents. The reunion heart breaking, as the parents could hardly believe their young son was out of danger. He was healed, and he was fine. A little riled up from his experiences, which had been a lot for a small child to take in, but nothing he wouldn't be able to get on top of in time. Brother and sister were invited in for dinner, but they kindly declined. Mira had to go home and lie down. Unlike Trevor, she was doing worse, and the weight of her sickness grew heavier each day. But her wish had been granted, and for that she was grateful, and as happy as she could be despite the current situation. For now she hoped, she never had to face John Carlyle again. R&R;[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 The hot, noisy, and overcrowded hospital wasn't exactly what she had pictured as the ideal place to change worlds when the moment would come. But the simple fact was, she couldn't stay at her home, all by herself, for days on end anymore. Her brother and his kind wife both worked full days, their children tended to by an elderly couple that lived next-door. There was no place for Mira to stay and be tended to, other than the godforsaken medical facility that was their hospital. It was never quiet, not even at night, the lights in the hallways were always on, and brightly so. Sleep didn't come easy, and when it did, it was a light slumber, and it never lingered for long. Her brother had threatened and bluffed until they agreed to give her a separate room, and she was very grateful to have it. Most people in her condition, shared their rooms with atleast four others. She didn't even think her room was an actual hospital room. She had a slight idea it was also used as a storage room for brooms, cleaning appliances, bandages and such of the sort. But it was her own. And there was a door she could close whenever she wanted to shut out the rest of the world. At night, she lay gazing at the spinning wheel in the sky. But unlike before, she no longer wondered if she ever crossed John Carlyle's brilliant mind. She knew she didn't. And if she did, it was in the form of him being relieved to be rid of her. Like he wanted to be rid of anything concerning this poor little planet. Her brother had told her Carlyle acted like nothing ever happened. Every day, he arrived at his factory, sat in his office behind bulletproof glass, and worked, and called, and gazed down at his rat poor workers with the very same contempt written allover his face like he always had. By the end of the day shift, he left, moved through the production floor of his factory, followed by his droids, to the launch bay, and was carried back to Elysium in his very own shuttle. She regretted knowing he had a different side to him, one he didn't dare to visit again. He committed himself to his business, and worked as hard as anyone, perhaps even harder. Nothing was too much for him. The rest was silence. The rest was secret. With Mira as his best kept secret yet. She spend her days in the hospital reading stories to the children of the ward down the hall. Some of them she knew, they had attended the same school she had taught at, before her health forced her to resign. They sat on her bed, sometimes four, other times just two, and listened to her intently as she read from every book the children's ward possessed. And every evening, when dinner was served, her brother came for a visit. Straight from his work, he came to her, still wearing his Armadyne outfit. Sometimes, he brought the children with him, the two growing girls he worked so hard for. Other days, his wife accompanied him, bringing Mira dinner, treats and magazines from home. They stayed until visiting hours ended. It was here that she was to wait for her end. And although she didn't want to die, she was grateful for the fact she was surrounded by loved ones, and a medical team that cared about their patients in a way she knew a med bay could not. After all, machines didn't care, like Carlyle had told her before. Perhaps med bays took away pieces of your own humanity every time they cured you. She wondered if, after all the times John Carlyle had used it, he had become part of the machines as well. He could be just as robotic as the droids protecting him. She lay floating between tired consciousness and a medically induced slumber. There was no pain anymore. Her chest had felt like it was going to burst, and her brother had fought long and hard with the doctors to raise her Miporal prescription. Five pills instead of three per day. It was the maximum dosage they could give her. Any more could lead to cardiac arrest. Any more would kill her instantly. It was the end of her third week in the hospital. A long, dreary Friday. But Fridays meant a longer visit from her brother. He had requested if he could stop working during the weekends, so he could be with his dying sister in the hospital. The foreman didn't have high hopes this request would be granted. But it seemed the CEO of Armadyne still remembered Mira and her worried brother. His wish had been granted two days after it had been filed. Not even the toilet paper was refilled that quickly. It was getting dark outside. There were no windows in her little room, but she always noticed how people somehow calmed down a little when night was falling. And the hallway behind her door had different lighting during the evening hours. The hospital would start smelling like food around dinner time, and children were being brought in to visit their sick parents, and keep them company while they spooned down the cheap meals the hospital provided. Her appetite had been gone for days, and the doctors blamed the high amounts of Miporal for it. She was stirred from her restless half slumber when unusual noises erupted from the hallway. She had made most sounds her own by now, and she wasn't surprised or awakened by yelling, fighting and desperate pleading anymore. But this was the sound of droids marching down the hallway, and her brother being very angry about something. Barely conscious, she blinked slowly and gazed at the door half expecting to be somehow arrested for God knows what. Perhaps Carlyle had changed his mind, and had decided to show her just how ruthless he could be. It didn't matter anymore. If he wanted his droids to push her around, she would let them. There wasn't much about her that wasn't damaged yet anyhow. Seconds later, her brother, completely out of breath, burst into her room and shut the door behind him quickly. He leaned his back against the door and stared at his sister wide eyed in panic. \"Hey Dean.\" She mumbled, not able to stifle a chuckle at the state he was in. \"What did you do?\" it wasn't unusual for her brother to get himself into trouble and have droids follow him around allover the place to beat him into submission. Something that only paid off for the duration of his bruises to heal. \"You aint gonna believe this.\" Dean said, shaking his head. \"Your boyfriend is having the whole hallway cleared out by his fucking droids so he can come in and pay you a visit.\" She blinked at him for a while, feeling a headache come up. \"I don't want to see him.\" she spoke softly, unable to raise her voice. \"Tell him to leave.\" \"Yea, you go tell him yourself.\" Dean huffed. \"I don't think he's taking no for an answer today, sis. He got six droids with him, and they mean business. They are shoving beds out of the hallway, cramping them all into little rooms, they even locked one of the doctors in his office. It's crazy.\" She said nothing, and closed her eyes tiredly, letting out a deep sigh. \"He aint gonna listen to me.\" Dean continued. \"And he made sure to look like it too.\" At that moment, the door was pushed open, and Dean jumped away from it to avoid being knocked off his feet. Two black and gold coloured droids entered, securing the perimeter for their master. \" stand down, citizen\" one of the droids told Dean as he was grabbed into a disarming hold, his arms behind his back. The other droid quickly fished for Dean's gun hidden between his belt and trousers. He was forced on his knees after that. \"Don't move\" the droid told him. Shooting comforting glances at his sister, Dean underwent the treatment with more compliance than ever before. When Carlyle stepped into the bedroom, holding a handkerchief to his nose, he signalled to the droids to let the young man go. \"Let him.. go.. I'm sure he understands we form no threat to his sister.\" He spoke stoically. \"Keep the gun.\" He told the droid who had disarmed Dean. Mira's brother was pulled to his feet, and he shook off the droid's metal grip mumbling his protests. Carlyle focused his attention back to the girl he came for, and gazed at her from the doorway with an empty expression. She could do nothing but stare back at him, doing her best to look furious at the way her brother had been treated. \"Mira..\" the businessman said quietly, almost painfully. She looked away, indicating she didn't want anything to do with him anymore. \"I sure do hope you fervently believe this suffering of yours will somehow benefit humanity. Because I cannot see the good in it.\" She looked at him angrily, tears rolling down her cheeks, but she refused to say something. \"Anyway, I'm here to talk to you. Even if you don't wish to talk to me.\" He continued, and approached the bed. One of the droids quickly picked up on his master's intentions and shoved a chair to Mira's bedside, in which the CEO sat down, careful not to touch anything. \"Mister Sullivan, could you leave us for a moment?\" he asked without looking over his shoulder at her brother. \"Like hell I will.\" Dean huffed. \"You're going to have to drag me out of here.\" Now the Elysian businessman looked over his shoulder. \"That can be arranged.\" He warned, and meant it. One of the droids walked up to Dean, ready for permission to throw the young man out of the room with brutal force. But it wasn't needed. One pleading look from his sister told Dean it had no use to resist, and he complied, not wanting to cause an uproar in front of his ailing sister. He left while one droid followed him out, leaving Carlyle alone with the young woman, and the other droid. \"Please tell me they won't hurt him.\" Mira pleaded softly. \"Of course not.\" Carlyle replied. \"Not unless I tell them to. All I want is a talk with you in private.\" She looked at the other droid guarding the closed door, his machine gun pressed against his metal chest. \"Isn't he supposed to leave too?\" Carlyle followed her gaze. \"I know how much you dislike them.\" He told her gently. \"But I assure you. You could jump upon his back and he wouldn't hurt you.\" \"What if I jump upon your back?\" she shot back at him. He gave her an amused smile, even though she wasn't trying to be funny. \"You haven't lost your sense of humour yet, I see.\" He chuckled softly. \"Let's not try that out. I don't want all six of them to shoot into a frenzy about you trying to piggyback ride their employer.\" She still didn't see the hilarity of the subject, but she decided to drop it and let the man do his story so he could leave. \"What do you want, John?\" she asked him tiredly, shaking her head in disbelief at his presence. \"What do you want from me?\" \"How's the child?\" Carlyle asked, not yet ready to come to the point of his visit. \"Were his parents pleased with the result?\" She stared at him blankly. \"You mean Trevor? He's.. fine. I think. I haven't seen him in quite a while actually. His parents were very grateful.\" He nodded, although she could see it didn't interest him very much. \"Why? Did he leave muddy footprints on your Persian carpets?\" He pursed his lips at the insult. \"I do not own any Persian carpets, Mira.\" He told her sternly. \"If you must know he broke an art piece worth over ten million dollars, but I never complained about that, did I?\" \"Who spends ten million dollars on a piece of art, I ask?\" she shot back. \"It was a gift.\" He shrugged. \"I didn't have any attachment to it. I was just curious at how he managed to knock that heavy thing off its socket.\" He let out an almost nervous chuckle. \"This is why Varela hardly dared to look at me when she returned the child. She was there when it happened and decided to just not tell me.\" \"Sweep it under the rug and forget about it.\" Mira said, feeling tired. \"That's what you do when you got kids.\" \"I'll keep that in mind if I ever do decide to have children. I'll purchase a rug just for that occasion.\" He tried to make her smile, like he had done before, and it worked, slowly but steadily. \"Please don't be angry with me no more, Mira. I do not wish our last moments to be in contempt of one another. I saved the boy you wanted me to save, what else would you have me do? Save the whole world?\" \"It's a start.\" She told him, her voice barely above a whisper. He gave her a defeated look. \"You can promise me to be good to my brother after I'm gone. I'm afraid you will fire him the moment I die.\" He shook his head fervently. \"No, no. I will not dismiss your brother. I've already been very tolerant with him. He stole equipment a week ago, and I decided to just let it go. He blew up one of the machines, filling the entire factory floor with smoke, and I decided to let it go. And he tosses things at my window, sometimes hitting it, and I decided.. to let that go too.\" He explained, and watched in confusion as she burst out in chuckles. \"What's so funny?\" \"He never mentioned any of that to me.\" She laughed. \"What.. what does he throw at your window?\" \"Various things.\" He said, still figuring out why she considered this to be absolutely hilarious. It always gave him quite the scare when something suddenly clattered against the glass. \"It was a screwdriver a few days ago.\" Her laughing increased. \"Mira, I'll have you know that if he breaks that window he will pay for it himself.\" Still chuckling, she shook her head. \"And I'll have you know he has no means to pay for that. How much do you think he earns at your factory? Hardly enough to get his daughters through college.\" Her laughing had died down, and she gazed at him in exhaustion. \"You could do that for me. Help him provide for his family. They deserve it, they're good people, no matter what you think of them.\" \"I think nothing of them.\" He answered dryly. \"If you're requesting a pay raise for your brother, I can tell you I will accept under one condition.\" She frowned. \"And that condition is?\" He swallowed thickly and shifted in the hard chair, quite different from his comfortable desk chair at the factory. \"It's Friday. It's..\" He checked his golden watch. \"7:25 in the evening. I'll be going home for the weekend, and I'll be back Monday morning. Will you come with me?\" she stared at him like a deer in headlights. \"You can stay at my home for the duration of the weekend, and I will personally return you to this hospital Monday morning.\" \"Have you lost your mind?\" she asked. He sat up a little and cleared his throat. \"I do not think so. They tried their best, as you know, but I don't think it left any permanent damage. I'm quite serious, Mira. I won't force you to use a med bay if that's what you're worried about.\" She huffed. \"Then why would I go there in the first place? To sit under a palm tree and wonder what Heaven is like?\" He tilted his head at her comment. \"I like to consider Elysium to be more than just med bays. The air is clean. The facilities at my home are.. significantly better than they are in this hospital. You don't have to cure yourself if you don't want to, but right now all you're doing is aiding your illness. Is that what you want?\" she said nothing, and looked away from him. \"Mira, you opened your home for me when I was injured. I want to return the favour. Are you going to deny me that?\" she slowly turned her head to gaze at him. \"How bad can it possibly be to spend a weekend on Elysium? You don't even have to interact with me if you so wish. I'll be in my office, and I won't get in your way.\" \"That's not it at all.\" She shook her head. \"Why wouldn't I want to interact with you? I just wish you would offer this to someone more deserving, and more in need of it.\" \"Well I'm not going to invite your brother's wife and daughters if that's what you're thinking about.\" He chuckled. \"I can already see that house just slowly burning to the ground. Everybody in a panic. I'll be somewhere inside it, tied to a chair with duct tape, burning alive.\" She frowned at the scary scenario he painted. \"I'm offering it to you because you saved my life. And because I care about you, more than you realize.\" She blinked at his small confession, her expression softening. \"John.. what makes you so sure I can survive that trip up there? I've never been in a shuttle before. Won't that just worsen my condition?\" \"I called doctor Campos yesterday to ask him that very question.\" Carlyle replied. \"Aside from calling me everything I don't wish to be called, he also told me that he thinks you would survive the trip and.. he thought it was a good idea too.\" She shouldn't have given him that number, she mused. \"I also brought something with me to make you feel better.\" He continued, reaching into his inside pocket to pull out a small metal box. He opened it to reveal a syringe filled with a light blue substance. \"This is a very concentrated and intravenous form of Miporal. Quite costly, which is why hospitals don't use it.\" She gazed at it in silence. \"How much did that cost you?\" \"Well, nothing. I own the factory that distributes it.\" He said sheepishly. \"I also ran the medical research team that created it. So it's mine, and I give it to whoever I want.\" He got up from his chair, prepared the syringe with surprisingly skilled hands, and slowly injected it into the IV bag steadily pumping fluids into her system. She watched him do it, not really knowing how to respond. When he was done, he put the empty syringe back into its metal container and stuffed it back into his coat pocket. \"You will feel better in a little bit.\" He told her, sitting back down. \"I will have to discuss this with my brother.\" She decided on saying. \"He needs to know where I am. Or he will get worried.\" \"Yes, of course.\" Carlyle agreed, and turned toward the droid by the door. \"Bring mister Sullivan to me.\" The droid left immediately to fetch Mira's brother and drag him away from whatever he was doing. Now completely alone, Mira felt like she had to say something. \"So I'll be sleeping on your couch then?\" she tried to smile at him, despite him being the man that he was. If she was going to spend the weekend with him, she might as well try to make conversation. \"I have ten bedrooms.\" He remarked impassively. \"You can try those out before deciding the couch is the best place to be for you.\" Ten bedrooms. The thought alone made her dizzy. \"What would you need ten bedrooms for?\" she asked. \"Oh, crazy sleepover parties like we're about to have of course.\" His dry humour paid off and she burst out in nervous chuckles. \"The ones that involve pizza and beer and lazing around in your underwear.\" Her laughing increased, getting him the result he wanted to achieve. He smiled at the girl cracking up in her gloomy hospital room. \"I thought there was no pizza on Elysium.\" She giggled. \"Ah, well. I did my research.\" For the second time, he reached inside his coat and pulled out a fancy looking fold out of a pizza restaurant she never heard of. \"Turns out there is, in fact, pizza on Elysium.\" He continued, handing her the piece of paper. Still chuckling, she opened it to read the menu. \"They deliver too. I'd like to see which neighbourhood brat got lucky with that job. I hope it's that teenager next door. The one that insists on calling me mister C, and never takes off his shades.\" He said. \"sixty dollars for a pizza?\" she asked, raising an eyebrow at Armadyne's CEO. \"That's a little steep, isn't it?\" \"It's on me.\" Carlyle answered. \"Don't you worry about anything anymore for now. I owe you this.\" At that moment, Dean opened the door and entered, followed closely by three droids. Catching up on the heavy mood in the small room, his gaze went from Carlyle to his sister. \"What's up?\" He asked. \"You guys made amends or what?\" Ignoring the young man's very presence, Carlyle never ceased gazing at the young woman that saved his life. \"I will increase his pay by 50%.\" He explained to her, and got up from his chair. \"I'll leave the details of that arrangement up to you.\" Finally, he turned to her brother, facing him almost triumphantly. \"You have ten minutes.\" He said coldly, and passed him by without another word. Dean frowned in confusion. \"ten minutes to beat yo ass, yea.\" He called after the Elysian, but the man didn't listen. \"Yo, ten minutes for what, man?!\" When no one offered any explanation, he turned to his sister. \"The fuck is he talking about?\" Feeling nervous about breaking the news to her protective brother, she reached out for him to take her hand in his own. \"Come here, Dean. Let me tell you something.\" He stepped up to the bed and took her hand. \"I'm going away for the weekend.\" She started. \"John offered to come and stay with him for a few days, you know, clean air is good for my lungs and all. And I said yes.\" Dean's facial expression was hard to decipher, and she knew the bomb was yet to explode. \"I will be back Monday morning.\" she continued. \"Dean…?\" \"But what about..?\" he started, looking at all the medical equipment she was hooked on. \"All this shit? You can't go without it, can you?\" she followed his gaze toward her heart monitor and her IV. The bag was almost empty, meaning the intravenous Miporal was almost entirely inside her bloodstream, and she was slowly feeling its working conduct taking effect. \"Maybe not here.\" She told him gently. \"But up there it's a different environment. And he's got access to better and stronger medication.\" Her tough brother seemed on the verge of tears, not at all about to hand out his little sister to his ruthless employer, who never showed any interest in any living being beside himself. \"If I let you go up there with that sack of shit.\" He hissed through his tears. \"You better come back fucking rid of this disease. You better spend a whole day in that fucking med bay of his, you hear me?\" She frowned at his stern words. \"You know that's not what I want.\" \"To hell with what you want!\" He spat. His hurt and despair speaking for him. \"What about what I want?! The people around you, that love you?! You can't save everybody, Mira. But right now.. you can save yourself and I want you to do that.\" He roughly wiped away his tears with the back of his bare arm, wearing nothing but a tank top in this hot hellhole of a hospital. \"I want you to use that bitch while he's still thinkin' he can waltz right in here and claim my sister!.\" She said nothing. \"You got the power to make a better man out of him. But you can't do that when you're dead.\" He continued more calmly. \"You think about that when you're up there facing that med bay and not using it. You think about all the people risking their lives to go there for that very same purpose. All the kids. All the parents that don't want their kids to be left behind. Think about that.\" He nodded to himself, and then leaned in to give her a quick kiss on her forehead, still sniffling. The ten minutes were passed, and the droids and their employer returned to the room. Dean had said everything he wished to say anyway, and turned to Carlyle giving him the most dangerous looking glare the Elysian had ever seen. \"You hurt her..\" He started, holding up his tattooed finger. \"You let anything happen to her, anything at all, and I will hunt you down to the ends of the earth to get you.\" \"She's going to Elysium. Legally. On my invitation.\" Carlyle remarked dryly. \"What could possibly happen to her?\" \"You just remember what I said.\" Dean said again. He peered over his shoulder to look at his tired sister one last time, before leaving. \"Mister Sullivan.\" Carlyle called after him, taking off his golden watch and tossing it at the young man, who caught the expensive thing mid-air. \"You can contact her, at any time, with that.\" Dean didn't say anything, he played with it in his hands for a while, and looked as if he was about to smash it against the wall, but then stuffed it deep inside the pockets of his sweatpants before turning around and continue his way out. \"How are you feeling?\" Carlyle's question only slowly reached her while she followed her brother's path down the narrow hallway until she could no longer see him, then she forced herself back to what she was about to do and looked up at him. \"Ehm.. Tired, actually. Very tired.\" \"Good.\" He answered, suddenly seeming a bit nervous. \"I added a small sedative to calm you down during the trip. It's 20 minutes' worth of suffering in that cramped thing Bugatti dares to ask 23 million for.\" He complained haughtily. \"You what?\" she huffed, feeling dizzy and disorientated. \"You drugged me?\" \"You said you're afraid of heights.\" Carlyle remarked calmly. \"I don't want the journey to stress you out too much. Once you wake up, you'll be in Elysium.\" \" Mister Carlyle, your shuttle is ready for departure.\" She could barely make out the droid's mechanical voice as her eyes suddenly felt heavy. The sounds and smells of the hospital died down, and she felt herself float toward the lamp above her bed. She barely felt herself being picked up by either Carlyle himself or one of his droids before everything went black. R&R; ","Summary":" I just didn't like Carlyle's ending, so I wrote this. Why not share it with other people who felt l"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"What is the meaning of family","Author":"Ilovescar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12963147","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Simba was on top of pride rock and he was waiting for his mate nala who was having simba's second cub a son named Kion and nala came out of the main den with Kion in her mouth and simba smiled at her and his son and Kion had his father's red man turf and a red tail turf and Kion 's older sister played with Kion and little did Kion know that he would be leader of the lion guard because he is the second born of simba and nala ","Summary":" Simba was on top of pride rock and he was waiting for his mate nala who was having simba's second c"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Coco's Great Adventure","Author":"Collared Creature","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13169086","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi! I'm Coco. I'm a young male pup born in the City Pack. We're a peaceful Pack whose goals are to find food and avoid humans. Even though we're peaceful and rarely get in fights amongst ourselves or others Packs, I can tell things are a little tense between Uncle Shadow and Riley. \"Riley, as of today I resign as your Second-In-Command of the City Pack.\" \"What!\" The brown mutt exclaimed, immediately sitting up from his lounged position on the torn faded, light blue couch he'd dubbed his 'throne'. He looked down at his loyal older brother with a mixture of disbelief, hurt and betrayal in his brown eyes. \"I'm old,\" The greying Golden Retriever stated, \"my body is no longer capable of meeting the demands of Pack life. With your permission, I'd like to leave and start life as…\" \"Don't say it.\" Riley warned, snarling in distain. \"A House Pet.\" Shadow finished, enjoying Riley's discomfort. The respected leader sighed, seeing truth to Shadow's words. \"Ok, but on one condition,\" He agreed, \"You must prove to me humans are good and kind.\" It appeared it physically pained the distrusting leader to even think a kind word toward humans. \"Will do.\" Shadow agreed, amusement in his brown eyes, confident his could meet his brother's challenge. \"Can I go with you, Uncle Shadow?\" The dark brown, light brown and white pup asked excitedly, white paws dancing excitedly at the prospect of an adventure with his Uncle Shadow. \"Sure.\" The pup yelped cheerfully, scampering beside the aging Retriever as the two set off in search of a home. Coco felt a weight lift off his shoulders as they exited the grimy, garbage-filled alley. His parents had died when he was very young and since then, Shadow'd taken Coco in, unfortunately, the pup felt he never really belonged. The two journeyed by day, resting at night. Prey was limited in the city. It wasn't until they began to smell crisp, clean air (as well as other dogs) and see tall, snow-capped mountains that things changed. \"Wow.\" Coco exclaimed in delight, eyes wide and bright as he gazed in wonder at the clean, bright mountain town. Both dogs' nails ' cilck-clang' ed upon the cobblestone streets. \"Can we stay here, Uncle Shadow?\" The pup asked, both his and Shadow bellies full and satisfied from hunting the abundance of prey in the open, seemingly endless, rich countryside. \"Sure. If we ca—\" The Retriever cut himself off as he smelled three dogs approaching them. \"Hello!\" A black and white Malamute approached them, a female Golden Retriever at his side, obviously carrying a litter, walking tall and proud, green eyes sparkling. \"Hello.\" Shadow replied, he and the Malamute bumping noses in greeting, \"Are you the Head Dog here?\" \"Yes, I am!\" The Malamute stated proudly, although not haughtily, \"I'm McKinley, this my mate Aspen,\" He announced, lovingly licking the beautiful green-eyed Retriever's jaw. \"And this is—.\" McKinley was cut off as a curly-furred, small, golden pup darted from beside Aspen's hind leg. The adults chuckled at the adorable display as Coco was bowled over and promptly licked. \"Hi!\" The pup exclaimed loudly in unbridled excitement, \"I'm Jack!\" \"I'm Coco.\" Coco said as two untangled themselves, getting up. \"Do you live here?\" Jack asked. \"Not yet, Uncle Shadow and I are hoping to though.\" Coco went to stand beside the wise Retriever. After their meeting, Shadow and Coco were given a tour and met some other dogs. McKinley first introduced them to Dodger, a street-smart, clever, smooth-talking male with a reputation for never being able to turn down a bet or dare and was quite popular with the ladies. Shadow and Coco also met Lady, a refined, pampered Cocker Spaniel and her mate Tramp, a proud and content mutt, who used to be a stray until he fell in love. The two were adopted by a couple a few months later, although stray dogs were well fed and it wasn't uncommon to see house pets roaming freely with well-cared for strays in the quiet, beautiful mountain town. Coco gained a playmate in McKinley and Aspen's son Jack, a welcome relief as they'd become parents to four sweet, adorable girls. Also joining Jack and Coco's playdate were Lady and Tramp's daughters Annette, Collette, and Danielle, their mischievous son Scamp, and their newest addition Angel. Watching the pups playing fondly, Shadow howled loudly, knowing Riley would hear and telling him he and Coco were ok and that they'd found a good home. Note : Only Coco belongs to me. Others characters appearing are from: Homeward Bound, Homeward Bound II: Lost in San Francisco: Riley & Shadow Oliver & Company: Dodger Lady and the Tramp & Lady and the Tramp II: Lady , Tramp , Annette , Collette , Danielle , Scamp & Angel And a book called: The Good Dog: McKinley , Jack & Aspen ","Summary":" Hi! I'm Coco. I'm a young male pup born in the City Pack. We're a peaceful Pack whose goals are to "},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"About the Page","Author":"susanlwade1962","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11666824","Passage":"[Chapter 1] behind for a moment, ending his narration by saying he had a family and for the first time in his life, he was really home and then happily runs into the house. Don Ameche as the voice of Shadow Michael J. Fox as the voice of Chance Sally Field as the voice of Sassy Robert Hays as Bob Seaver Kim Greist as Laura Burnford-Seaver Benj Thall as Peter Burnford Veronica Lauren as Hope Burnford Kevin Chevalia as Jamie Seaver Wanda Skyes as Voice of Pilot Carla Gugino as Delilah Gromit and his new friend Pilot, a female Border collie compete againest the Tweedy's Dobermans in the town dog show,chance where did he go shadow and Delilah go? chance knows what he's training for dog show. \"Hey my name is chance\" said chance \"well thanks so are we so the incredible journey through the mountains,then lost in San Fransisco with Delilah What is This and Now Here's is a Dog Dayz,Well So Life Like Sassy Sitting on my Chair\" \"what sassy\" said chance \"well bye chance\" said sassy \"see you later\" ","Summary":" behind for a moment, ending his narration by saying he had a family and for the first time in his l"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Delilah's Choice","Author":"Brockster550","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12802578","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: This fanfic is all I own. The rights to Homeward Bound belongs to their respective owners. No copyright intended! A one-shot of what my belief on what happened before Delilah left Riley's gang to look for Chance and be with him. This is my first-ever true one-shot. Delilah's Choice It's been a day since Shadow, Chance and Sassy made it back home. Delilah was outside, laying by the edge of the dock, staring into the water. She wasn't quite happy that Chance wasn't there anymore. Riley walked outside to where Delilah was, with a concerned look. \"Delilah, what's wrong?\" he asked. \"Oh,\" Delilah started explaining. \"I'm just sad that Chance left. We had a great time together.\" \"What about you and Bando,\" asked Riley. \"Did you and him get into a fight?\" \"No, we didn't,\" said Delilah. \"Being with him just didn't seem to be all that it was cracked up to be!\" \"I understand,\" said Riley. \"Are you saying you want to be with Chance?\" \"Yeah,\" said Delilah. \"My heart is telling me he is who I ought to be with!\" \"If that's what your heart desires,\" said Riley. \"Then, go and find Chance. He is probably thinking the same thing. He probably wants to be with you, too!\" \"Are you serious,\" asked Delilah. \"Can I really leave and find him?\" \"Of course,\" said Riley. \"What's in the heart is way more important!\" \"Thank you, Riley,\" said Delilah. \"I probably should say goodbye to everyone before I do leave!\" So Delilah went back inside the warehouse and said goodbye to the rest of the gang, then she walked up to Riley again. \"Well, goodbye Riley,\" said Delilah. \"I'll miss you and everyone else!\" \"We'll miss you, too, Delilah,\" said Riley with some sadness in his voice. \"Good luck finding Chance. And if you do find him, good luck to the two of you!\" \"Thank you, Riley,\" said Delilah. \"Hopefully someday, you might find a wonderful human family who will love you!\" \"Yeah, maybe I will,\" said Riley. \"I remember when Shadow rescued that boy from that fire, that helped me realize that there will be some humans who will want me!\" \"Yeah, there will be,\" said Delilah. \"Just don't give up! Take care, Riley!\" \"You, too, Delilah!\" said Riley. Then Delilah turned around and started running off. Riley was grinning, relieved that Delilah was finally following her heart's desire. Riley's spirits were high, with hope of one day, finding a human family who will show him love and affection. The End! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: This fanfic is all I own. The rights to Homeward Bound belongs to their respective owne"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Homeward Bound III:Paris Adventure","Author":"susanlwade1962","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11590471","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SORRY IM SO MUCH BETTER WITH OPENING I FOUND IN YOUTUBE RE DATE UP FOR SPECIAL EVENTS HE NARRATED BY CHANCE HOPEFUL ENJOY FOR YOURSELF JOBBERY PARIS ADVENTURE EVENT CHAPTERS AT ALL TAKE US THAN. Prologue: HELLO MY NAME IS CHANCE THE SINCE OF THE INCREDIBLE JOURNEY OVER THE MOUNTAINS AND LOST IN SAN FRANCISCO WITH DELILAH AND FUN MEETERS THAN PARIS ADVENTURES ARE HERE,BUT HES A DOG ANS SHES A CAT ME TOO YAH I CAN DRINK AT STORY. ","Summary":" SORRY IM SO MUCH BETTER WITH OPENING I FOUND IN YOUTUBE RE DATE UP FOR SPECIAL EVENTS HE NARRATED B"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"A Street Life: The City Limits","Author":"Elkpelt the Wolf-Chalk","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5881927","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Elkpelt: On a roleplay site, my friend and I decided to make a story on Fanfiction. Half the story belongs to me and the other half belongs to her. Please review. Chapter One: The Devil's Mutt Her paws gave sound as they splashed passed inside the tiny worlds of the muddy puddles that were scattered like many spots across the city's black, concrete streets that stretched as far as the naked eye could see. The bright yellow, white and red eyes of the motorized monsters awoke as the green light perched inside the dome of the street light as it signaled the cars to move or be stopped for many moments more. Fuel, the black-and-white Jack Russell pasted with mud, raced across the streets far from the forest. The stray had no where to go as she struggled to escape from a tall shadow running after her; both dog and human struggling to avoid the wild, metal creatures of the roads as they stampeded passed. The blood-red van with the silver words that wrote 'Pound' littered across the van's flank. The dogs within... cried. Fuel wouldn't be next. She suddenly was cornered at a wall, the human had a strange wooden device in his palms with a loop at the end. Many dogs called it 'the choker.' The loop was at her throat and pulled the struggling stray to the van with loud begging. \"No! Please! Have mercy Citywalker!\" She cried to the man who paid her no heed. The Jack Russell continued her pointless begging as she was dragged from the throat across the wet concrete, the tips of her black claws making a skid as they skipped across the hard floor as she tried to hold her ground but alas, too small and fragile to keep herself from capture. She felt as if she were suffocating; the device was crushing her windpipe and making breathing an task of agony as the tall human male hauled her to the blood-red van's back where, the giant jail-wall for the stray and lost canines appeared; their faces both cute and ugly pale and dark from despair as they cried and begged like the helpless Fuel. Fuel felt herself drop to her chin as the man kicked the door with an angry snarl at the desperate hounds within. \"Shad up!\" He snapped. A skinny whippet pup from within looked at Fuel as he cried. \"Fuel! They nearly suffocated us!\" Tears streamed down the puppy's blue eyes. Fuel was horrified. \"Get us out! Please!\" Begged the voice of an much older canine, a Dalmatian who was at least seven. With a swoop of the dog's massive paws, it flew, flew at the van, a snarl ripping through the beast. What was this Dane's name? Why, Tod, of course. He landed on the back of the van, growling loudly, clawing at the van's outer edged, which chipped paint off, yet didn't do anything else. \"Fuel!\" He snapped loudly, as if the name gave him extra strength. He was truly a huge dog, but not enough for the blood-red van. The usually so strong and head-tough female looked upwards in despair at the tall and tough-shouldered gray Great Dane as he perched like an majestic Hawk on the blood-red van's roof. The very car that put fear into the innocent hearts of the canines that prowled the city's alleys. The cries within the van increased at Tod's epic entrance as they heard the mighty bark of the great Tod. Fuel, brown eyes growing wet from the incoming tears of fear, howled out as the man glared up in anger, rage and surprise at Tod. The dog that was now standing on the van's top. The fatter man who drove the mortised monster yelled as he peeked out to watch his partner who was staring at Tod. \"Tod! They're trying to take me! Us! The pack!\" He snarled, eyes turning to the driver, rage flashing through them. He lunged, large fangs ready to kill. He landed, knocking the man out of the car, wrapping his mouth around the head, and pulling, ripping off the flesh from the face, and leaving him. He deserved it, right? Yeah, he did. Turning with rage to the fat man, he growled once more, head lowered in pure aggression. \"You wanna try me, tubby?\" He snapped, brows raised, teeth bared. The fat man was forced to release the black, covered wheel with a scream of pain as he was tackled by the great mass of gray fur that was the Dane. The male cried and struggled as the slobbering and deadly jowls lined with angry teeth grappled for his plump skull and chewed, the blood seeping passed the cracks of the injuries the fearsome Tod left behind in his pale skull. The skinny man outside the jailed-back that contained the unlucky dogs gave a scream of horror and released the captured Fuel who panted to catch her breath. The skinny man rushed to his partner's aid and struggled to grip the loose skin at the back of Tod's neck with desperate pulls; determined to save his fat friend. Fuel watched, looking at the captured strays from within who cheered as Tod tore the man apart. Feeling the thing grip his scruff, he chuckled, motionless, waiting for the man's reaction. This would be all to easy for the dog. For a long while, he was still. Unmoving. But, in a flash of grey, the male had ripped his scruff away, with a bit of fur, and had his fangs on the pole, and thrusting it at the man who was still holding, pinning him against the van, pole crushing so bad, that it was possible that it might puncture his abdomen. Now, having the man against the van, he barked through the pole: \"Come on, guys. Find a way out while I take care of him.\" The skinny man cried out as he was attacked; his clothed back meeting the deep red wall of the van he and his partner drove. The human cringed as his stomach bled; the deep injury kissing passed his brown shirt and glossing like lip-gloss in the low light as the red liquid of the body stained his clothes. The fat man lay out cold on the wet city floor with his head bleeding in large amounts. The skinny male of the two glared at Tod and muttered. \"The Devil's Mutt...\" Fuel listened to Tod as she shook the device off her skinny neck and pouncing up the steps of the blood-red van to try and unhook the door to free her comrades. They cheered with wagging tails and slobbery jowls. The black-and-white Jack Russell Terrier unhooked the door with a few bounces and a light white-haired forepaw; making the jailed-wall sweep open. The dogs leaped out with grace and excitement with cries of prays and happiness. The whippet puppy stopped mid-step and turned to Fuel as a nearby city light made his cobalt eyes glint. \"Thank you miss.\" The puppy was suddenly off again, a blur in the night as he scampered after the others. The male let go after wrenching it out, turning back. \"Lets go.\" He muttered, walking away casually from the two injured men, nudging Fuel's side softly. \"You alright, scrap?\" He asked, eyes shining with concern. Scarlet ribbons ran down his neck, from the nipping of the human's pole. The small Jack Russell Terrier looked up at the Great Dane Tod as he nudged her scrawny side, her brown eyes spotting the blood that dripped down the giant male's neck like the rain drops that were fluttering from the dark sky above; relieved to know it was the two men's blood and not her dear friend. The tiny dog gave a whimper as she looked at the blood-red van and then his silver-lined face. \"Shaken but not stirred Tod.\" She told her friend. The dog stared into the darkness, then the bloody mess Tod had left to save her and the other dogs. They owned the city streets; not those humans. ","Summary":" Elkpelt: On a roleplay site, my friend and I decided to make a story on Fanfiction. Half the story "},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Kibbles","Author":"susanlwade1962","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11505659","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chance:Kibble ","Summary":" Chance:Kibble"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Welcome Home","Author":"AndyHood","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11601562","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Animal Talk Regular Sassy didn't remember much of her Mother and littermates. She remembered a rumbling purr and the feel of many struggling bodies around her. But then one day that was all gone. One by one the warm bodies around her were taken away. Until it was only two of them left and she felt the comforting lick of her Mother's tongue and then the last squirming body was lifted from her side. Sassy immediately began to cry, calling for her Mother. But as the hours past, and she grew hungry. But the rumbling purr, and soft tongue never returned and the air grew colder. Sassy began to crawl around the box that she had been born in, until she was huddled in the corner. Her cries stopped as she fell into a fitful sleep. As the morning dawn arrived Sassy opened her eyes for the first time. The world was so bright; it hurt her eyes to look around. The world was very small, she could only see three other corners and high walls. Nothing else, no littermates no Mother. She weakly began to cry again, hoping that Mother would hear and come for her. For hours she called until she could barely move and her cries were even weak to her own ears. Shadow had awaked that morning feeling if something was calling to him. He had went to Peter multiple times thinking that the feeling would go away if he went to his boy. But the feeling persisted and Shadow decided that he would follow these instincts. His feet led him out of the yard and towards town. Shadow knew that he wasn't allowed to leave the yard but he couldn't help but feel that this was something he had to do. Shadow walked into the outskirts of town. He was about to walk past an alleyway when he heard it. A very weak meow coming from behind a dumpster, too weak. Shadow immediately entered the alley and investigated the noise. He found a box under the dumpster and in the corner of it a small white and brown kitten. Using a paw he pulled the box out from behind it. Shadow began to touch the small body with his nose, concerned over how cold the kitten felt. He gently began to like it lick it, smiling when the kitten immediately protested against the action. Something large and wet poked her, but Sassy was too tired to open her eyes to see what. A warm tongue, so much bigger than her Mother's began to lick her. She gave a weak cry against the rough treatment. Shadow gently maneuvered the kitten until it was safely in his mouth. He knew that Peter's mom would be able to help this kitten. He was certain of it. Sassy held still in the hold, her instinct screaming that she was in danger. Though she couldn't complain at the warmth that swept over her every few seconds. Peter was playing basketball in the yard when he saw his dog Shadow come trotting out of the woods. Peter had wondered where the dog had been, it wasn't like the golden retriever to wander away from home. \"Shadow, come here\" he called. Shadow slowly trotted towards his boy, and it was only when he got closer that Peter saw that the dog had something in its mouth. \"Whatcha got there boy?\" he asked as he knelt down so he was eye level with the dog. Shadow sat in front of Peter and nuzzled his boy's hand. Peter obedient held out his hand. Shadow with a lot of gentleness laid his find into his boys hands. Peter who had been expecting a bone was amazed to see a kitten laid in his hands. It was a tiny thing and it seemed to be dead. \"The poor thing\" whispered Peter stroking its back. Something strange ran down the length of her body and she cried for her Mother again to help her. Peter was amazed that after his hand finished the action, a weak meow was heard. \"Oh wow it's still alive!\" Peter said to Shadow. He quickly stood up and started to run to the house. \"Mom! Shadow brought home a kitten.\" \"Oh the poor thing,\" said Laura Burnford as soon as Peter placed the small kitten in her hands. This kitten was way too young to be away from its mother. Laura would be surprised if it even had its eyes open. \"Peter go warm up a cup of milk in the microwave and get an eye dropper.\" Sassy tried to sleep like she wanted to in the warm hold when something hard was pressed into her mouth and a strange tasting milk filled it. Sassy meowed in protest squirming away from the strange taste. \"Come on kitten, just drink a little\" begged Laura as the kitten turned away from the eye dropper. Shadow came up beside Laura and gently began to nuzzle at the kitten. \" Drink it little one\" came a kind voice and the same large wet thing pressed into her side. Sassy decided to trust the kind voice. She began to drink the strange tasting stuff that was shoved in her mouth. Warmth seeped into her stomach and Sassy finally found the strength to open her eyes. She was surprised not to see the sight that had greeted her the first time she had opened her eyes. Sassy couldn't comprehend what she was seeing. She didn't know that the thing was that was holding the milk was. But know she was used to the taste, the milk tasted good and she ate until she was full. She began to yawn, feeling full and satisfied as well as warm once again. \"There you go little on\" came the voice and a face came into view. It was large and brightly colored, it was like nothing she had ever seen. \"I'm Shadow\" Shadow. A name to her rescuer. His giant tongue once again washed over her head, \"Sleep little one.\" Laura smiled at the sight of Shadow washing the little kitten. Most dogs hated cats it would seem, but Shadow had no problem with this one. Laura managed to heave herself off the couch to grab a box to put the kitten in. Laura could only assumed that the momma cat had abandoned this kitten. Even though it was still quite young it was nothing but a fluff of fur and it looked Siamese. But Laura assumed it was a Himalayan, it was the only species that fit. Laura hoped that the poor thing that survived. She had barely gotten the kitten situated in the box when Hope came running it. \"Mommy, Peter said that Shadow brought home a kitten can I see her, oh please Mommy can I?\" Laura smiled, \"Yes you can but you have to be quiet and don't touch her. She's still quite young.\" Hope nodded quickly and followed her into the kitchen. Hope oohed and ahhed over the fluff of fur. \"Mommy can I keep her?\" she asked. Laura was hesitant she didn't know yet if the kitten would survive. But Hope looked so excited, something she hadn't seen since her husband passed. Out of habit Laura placed an arm over the bulge of her stomach, little Jamie was sleeping it would seem. When Jamie did decide to come out, Laura knew she wouldn't have enough time as she wished to spend with Peter and Hope. Peter had Shadow to keep him occupied. Maybe having a pet would be good for Hope during this time. Shadow already seemed to like the little kitten already so that wouldn't be a problem. \"Alright, but having a pet is a big responsibility when she's older she will be yours to take care of\" said Laura. Hope squealed and hugged her Mother, \"Thank-you, thank-you\" she cried. Shadow smiled a doggy smile and went back to the kitchen where the box with the kitten was. \" Welcome to the family little one\" he said gently licking her head. \"I'm going to call her Sassy\" came Hope's voice. \" Welcome home Sassy.\" Just something that popped into my head today, please review! ","Summary":" Animal Talk Regular Sassy didn't remember much of her Mother and littermates. She remembered a rumb"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Un réveillon mouvementé","Author":"Noxae","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6408071","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Che m'appelle Chanche. Mmh, pardon, j'étais en train de mâchouiller ma chaussure préférée (la baskette droite de Jamie, pour être précis). Laissez-moi réessayer. Je m'appelle Chance. Mais ça, vous le savez peut-être déjà. En revanche, ce que vous ne savez pas, c'est que je vais bientôt être papa. Et oui ! Delilah m'a annoncé la nouvelle alors que j'étais en train de creuser un trou dans le jardin conformément à mon plan de redécoration de la maison (tous les chiens savent de quoi je parle, vous autres humains avez de très mauvais goûts en matière d'esthétique, et c'est donc à nous qu'il incombe de rectifier le tir), et j'ai littéralement sauté de joie. Toute la famille partage mon bonheur, bien entendu, (sauf Sassy, mais les chats ne sont jamais contents, autrement ce ne seraient pas des chats), et Jamie a déjà choisi tous les noms des chiots (il faut qu'il y en ait au moins douze, sinon il sera atrocement déçu). Je me demande à qui ils ressembleront. Auront-ils la douce fourrure blanche de Delilah ? Hériteront-ils de mon courage légendaire ? Pourchasseront-ils Sassy dans toute la maison par eux-mêmes, ou bien faudra-t-il que je leur transmette ce savoir ? Je suis en train de me poser toutes ces questions, et bien d'autres encore, quand la boule de poil de la maison entre dans mon champ de vision. Elle a l'air de sortir d'une de ces siestes interminables dont les chats ont le secret, ce qui signifie qu'elle est légèrement de meilleur humeur que d'habitude. Elle me gratifie d'un regard félin (c'est à dire sournois). - Ah, miaule-t-elle, c'est donc là que se trouve la baskette de Jamie. Il la cherche depuis un quart d'heure. Je lève le nez de la délicieuse baskette en question, renifle élégamment, et répond : - Et qu'est-ce que tu comptes y faire ? Tu vas me dénoncer, peut-être ? - Loin de moi cette idée. Oh, tiens, regarde qui voilà... Jamie entre dans la pièce en trombe, et fait les gros yeux lorsqu'il comprend que j'ai kidnappé sa chaussure. - Chance ! gronde-t-il de la voix spéciale qu'il utilise quand il est en colère contre moi. C'est pas bien ! Méchant chien ! Je me recroqueville dans la posture qui signifie 'ne sois pas en colère après moi, gentil maître, c'est la chaussure qui a commencé, elle m'a fait de l'œil, je te le jure'. Malheureusement, comme la plupart des chiens peuvent en témoigner, cette posture a un taux de succès proche de 0 %. Pire encore, les humains ont souvent tendance à la confondre avec celle qui veut dire 'mouhaha, mon plan diabolique a réussi', bien qu'elles ne se ressemblent en rien. - Maman, regarde ce que Chance a fait de ma chaussure ! C'est la troisième du mois, on dirait qu'il le fait exprès. Oups. Il est temps d'entamer la procédure de diversion. Je bondis sur Sassy en grognant. Elle démarre en trombe avec un miaulement indigné, et bientôt je suis déjà loin de la scène du crime. Je n'ai pas pris la fuite, non, non. J'ai héroïquement protégé mon humain de la plus redoutable des allergies : l'allergie au poil de chat ! Redoutable, car tout le monde la possède sans le savoir, et certains humains se forcent tout de même à aimer les chats. Tel ne sera pas le sort de mon petit Jamie. Mission accomplie ! - Chance ? Ah, ça c'est la voix de ma Delilah. Elle est allongée au pied du (délicieux) canapé en cuir, dans le salon. Elle a l'air inquiète, ce qui a pour effet de m'inquiéter à mon tour. - Chance... Les humains, ils s'habillent pour sortir ? Je ne comprends pas... Où vont-ils ? - Oh, ça, je réponds. Ne t'en fais pas, ils font toujours ça à cette période de l'année, quand ce truc blanc tombe du ciel. Ils partent un soir, et reviennent le lendemain matin avec plein de succulents restes de repas qu'ils s'empressent de nous servir. Je n'ai jamais vraiment compris d'où ça sortait, mais je ne me plains pas. - Oui, mais... et si les petits naissaient ce soir ? J'ai un mauvais pressentiment, Chance. Je m'approche et lui lèche le museau. - Ne t'inquiète pas, tout va bien se passer. Je serai là, moi, et puis y aura Shadow, et même Sassy. Un comble que j'en arrive à citer un chat pour la rassurer. Curieusement, ça semble fonctionner. Il faut avouer que Delilah et Sassy s'entendent beaucoup mieux que ce à quoi je m'attendais. Sûrement un truc de filles. - Chance a raison, Delilah. Il n'y a rien d'alarmant. Nos humains seront de retour au matin. Ça, c'est Shadow. Ce bon vieux Shadow. J'ignore où j'en serais sans lui. Probablement pas aussi heureux, et sans doute pas aussi vivant. Il nous observe depuis le pas de la porte, surveillant du regard les allées et venues des humains. Chien de garde un jour, chien de garde toujours. Je le rejoins en trottinant. Dehors, les humains sont en train de monter dans la grosse machine qui fait un bruit du tonnerre (et qui court bien plus vite que moi). Je l'ai bien étudié, cette chose. J'en ai conclu qu'en échange de pouvoir avaler les humains, elle accepte de les conduire où ils veulent. Ensuite, et c'est là qu'entre en compte l'ingéniosité des humains, ils arrivent à la convaincre de les recracher. Cela ne cessera jamais de m'étonner. Quelques minutes plus tard, les humains sont partis. La maison est à moi ! Enfin, je veux dire, à nous. Je file à la cuisine pour vérifier s'ils n'ont pas laissé un gâteau traîner au bord de la table. Hé non, pas de chance. Cependant, je détecte un écho sur mon radar nasal. Une odeur de... croquettes pour chat ! Haha ! Grossière erreur, mes amis ! Où est la gamelle ? Où est la gamelle ? Je la localise enfin après avoir tourné en rond trois fois. Nooon ! Je m'effondre au sol en couinant. Elle est hors d'atteinte, placé en plein milieu de la table, et j'en suis réduit à lui faire les gros yeux dans l'espoir vain qu'elle descende d'elle-même et vienne honorer ma gueule de sa divine présence. - Hé bien, Chance ? On a faim, mon gros ? Sassy saute sur la table et se dirige vers la (ma) gamelle pleine de (délicieuses) croquettes. - Comment ça se fait qu'à toi ils te laissent à manger, et que nous, on a rien ? - Parce que je suis un chat, voyons. Et les chats... - ...font la loi, je sais. C'est alors qu'une idée de génie s'invite dans mon cerveau. Voyez-vous, il y a un espèce de truc en plastique qui pend de la table, de tout les côtés. La gamelle et le chat sont donc posés dessus, et si je tire de ce côté là... Je saisis le machin à pleine dents (aaargh, quel goût horrible), et donne des coups de tête tout en reculant, comme si j'étais en train d'essayer d'arracher un joujou des mains de Jamie. L'opération se solde par un succès partiel. Du bon côté : Sassy pousse un miaulement à fendre l'âme, manque de se rétamer au sol (bonus !), et j'entends distinctement la gamelle tomber par terre. Du mauvais côté : je ne peux plus rien voir, parce que le truc a atterri sur ma tête. Je l'attaque furieusement, mais il se défend plutôt pas mal, jusqu'à ce qu'enfin je réussisse à le faire glisser de ma tête et à l'immobiliser sous mes pattes. Victoire ! Comme il reste immobile, j'en conclus qu'il a compris la leçon et me précipite pour manger toutes les (délicieuses) croquettes qui sont désormais éparpillés ça et là dans toute la cuisine. Mmh, ch'est bon. Ch'en veux encore ! Encore ! Ha, bah y en a plus. Zut alors, moi qui voulait en garder une ou deux pour Delilah. Tant pis. Après ça, la soirée s'écoule lentement. J'apporte une chaussure toute neuve à Delilah, mais elle la mordille sans réel intérêt. Shadow s'est couché devant la porte d'entrée, attendant fidèlement le retour de Peter. Sassy est quelque part à l'étage, sans doute en train de roupiller. Roulé en boule sur le (délicieux) canapé, j'écoute la pluie tomber. C'est un vrai déluge. Je suis bien content de ne pas être dehors par ce temps de chat. Tout à coup, un flash lumineux d'une éblouissante intensité illumine le salon, suivi quelques instants plus tard d'un grondement terrifiant. Enfin, terrifiant. Si on s'appelle Sassy, peut-être. Moi, ça ne me faisait rien du tout. - Lorsque j'étais petite, ma mère disait que lorsque le ciel grondait, c'était notre ancêtre à nous tous qui grondait pour nous protéger des humains. Je tourne la tête vers Delilah. Je peux à peine la voir dans les ténèbres. - Drôle d'histoire. Ça n'explique pas l'eau qui tombe du ciel, je remarque. - Non. Je suppose que je pourrais toujours inventer ma propre version quand je transmettrai l'histoire à nos petits. Je descends du canapé pour aller me coller contre elle. Que voulez-vous ? Je suis un grand romantique. - On l'inventera ensemble. Soudain, Shadow se met à gronder. - Qu'est-ce qui se passe, le papy ? je lui lance. T'as peur du noir ? - Quelqu'un approche, répond-il, et ce ne sont pas nos humains. Je lève une oreille. Les deux, en fait. Des bribes de conversations me parviennent. - ...personne... on entre, on ressort... argent facile... Des ombres bougent devant la fenêtre. Mes poils se hérissent aussitôt. Je me mets à gronder bien plus fort que ce chien céleste dont parlait Delilah. Que personne ne s'approche ! - Y a un clébard... - T'inquiète, j'ai tout prévu... Les ombres s'éloignent, et il y a un bruit bizarre, comme si quelqu'un était en train de gratter à la porte. Dans l'entrée, Shadow se met à aboyer. - Chance, qu'est-ce qu'il se passe ? me demande Delilah. - Je te protégerai, quoi qu'il arrive. L'odeur de boulettes de viande parvient à mes narines. Tiens ? D'où elles sortent, celles-là ? - N'y touche pas, Chance, me conseille Shadow. C'est sûrement un piège. Un excellent piège. Elles ont vraiment l'air succulentes. Miam... Je me lèche les babines, tout en essayant de ne pas perdre de vue mon objectif. Protéger Delilah. Protéger Delilah. Protéger... La porte s'ouvre à la volée. Shadow se précipite en grognant sur le premier intrus. À en juger par leurs odeurs, ils sont au moins trois. Shadow se fait vieux ; il ne peut pas régler leur compte à trois humains à lui tout seul. J'hésite un instant. Je répugne à abandonner Delilah, même pour une minute ou deux. - Vas-y, Chance, m'encourage-t-elle. Tout ira bien. Elle est aussi brave que moi ! Peut-être même plus (oui, je sais, c'est difficile à imaginer, mais faites un effort). Aboyant à tout va, je m'élance dans la mêlée. Shadow a déjà refermé ses mâchoires sur le bras du plus grand des assaillants, et est en train de tirer dessus de toutes ses forces. Je saute sur une proie au hasard, le renverse à terre, et lui grogne dessus. - Dégage, minable, je lui aboie à la figure. Apparemment, il m'a compris, puisqu'il s'empresse de se dégager et de partir en courant. Je jette un coup d'œil aux alentours. Shadow en a également terminé avec sa proie, qui s'enfuit en hurlant, nous laissant un bout de son pantalon en souvenir. Un feulement de chat attire mon attention. Sassy est en train d'escalader le dos du troisième et dernier intrus. Ça alors. Mais il était à moi, celui-là ! Pour qui elle se prend, une chatte de garde ? Enfin, sa tactique s'avère efficace, et bientôt il ne reste plus que nous trois sur le porche. - Je vais finir par croire que vous attirez les ennuis, vous savez, nous reproche Sassy. - Et je vais finir par croire que tu aimes ça, je rétorque en m'ébrouant. Un nouveau flash de lumière salue mes paroles. Le chien céleste gronde. - Je vais rester ici pour monter la garde, déclare Shadow. - Si personne n'a besoin de moi, je vais retourner dormir dans mon petit panier douillet, décide Sassy. Bon, et moi, alors ? Ha, mais oui, suis-je bête. Delilah ! Elle n'a pas bougé d'un poil, mais je m'aperçois immédiatement que quelque chose cloche. Les yeux fermés, couché sur le côté, elle halète rapidement. Elle relève la tête en m'entendant arriver. - Chance... Les petits... c'est pour maintenant, ils arrivent. Je fais un bond en l'air d'au moins deux mètres. - Qu'est-ce que je fais ? Qu'est-cequejefais ? Kékejefais ? Je suis peut-être un tout petit peu nerveux. Ça la fait rire. - Calme-toi, Chance. Tout ira bien. - Mais oui, tout ira bien, renchérit Sassy qui semble surgir de nulle part (encore un truc de chat, ça). Pourquoi tu n'irais pas tenir compagnie à Shadow ? - Bah pourquoi ? je proteste. Je veux aider, moi. - En faisant quoi ? Tu as déjà mis bas, peut-être ? - Bah, euh... Toi non plus, d'abord ! Je suis fier de mon habileté verbale. - Chance, s'il te plaît... Bon, puisque Delilah me le demande... Je pars rejoindre Shadow, tout de même légèrement inquiet. La nuit s'écoule lentement. De temps à autre, j'entends des couinements en provenance du salon, et mon cœur fait des sauts périlleux dans ma poitrine. Shadow fait de son mieux pour me distraire, me racontant des anecdotes de sa jeunesse, et bien qu'elles soient plutôt amusantes (qui aurait cru qu'on pouvait faire ça avec un aspirateur ?), je n'ai pas vraiment la tête à ça. La pluie tombe sans relâche. Enfin, alors que le soleil se lève à l'horizon, j'entends Sassy qui m'appelle. Je me précipite dans le salon, dérapant au passage sur le tapis de l'entrée (tiens, les boulettes de viande sont toujours là). Au pied du canapé, Delilah est en train d'allaiter cinq, non, six, non, sept petits chiots. Je m'approche pour les renifler. - C'est normal qu'ils soient si petits ? je demande, intrigué. On dirait... des chatons. - Ne sois pas bête, Chance. Ils viennent de naître, c'est normal qu'ils aient cette taille, m'explique Delilah. Certes. Mais quand même, je m'attendais à ce qu'ils soient un peu plus gros. Je les examine plus en détail. Ils ont l'air si fragile. Ils n'ont aucune idée de l'acte héroïque que leur père vient d'accomplir. Ils ignorent également qu'ils sont nés le jour de la Grande Distribution de Nourriture, ce qui est de très bonne augure pour leur avenir. Quatre d'entre eux ont la même fourrure que Delilah, cet espèce de blanc duveteux auquel je voue un culte. Deux sont tout noirs, et le dernier me ressemble trait pour trait. Je lui donne une léchouille en guise de bienvenue. - Celui-la, c'est Chance Junior, m'informe Sassy. - Pfff. T'as pas beaucoup d'imagination, la minette. - En fait, intervient Delilah, c'est moi qui ait choisi son nom. - Oh. Mais c'est un très beau nom ! Un nom parfait, même ! - Hein-hein. - Mais c'est moi qui choisirait le nom du prochain. Comme je vous le disais, je m'appelle Chance. Et je suis le chien le plus heureux au monde. ","Summary":" Che m'appelle Chanche. Mmh, pardon, j'étais en train de mâchouiller ma chaussure préférée (la baske"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"The Death of Shadow","Author":"kyolover16","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8508460","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 A/N: This is my first attempt at a Homeward Bound Story. I don't own any of the characters; they belong to the Disney Company. Shadow walked slowly down the stairs and collapsed by his owner Peter, who was sitting on the couch. Peter looked down at Shadow and said. \"Are you ok, boy?\" Shadow lifted his head slowly and rubbed his nose on Peter's hand before putting his head back down. Peter jumped up from the couch and ran into the kitchen where he found his parents \"Mom, Dad, there's something wrong with Shadow!\" Bob stood up and walked over to his son and said. \"What exactly is he doing?\" Peter had tears starting to firm in his eyes as he said. \"He came over to me while I was sitting on the couch and when I asked him if he was ok all he did was lifted his head and rubbed his nose against my head and then he laid his head back down. The only time he does that is when I'm hurt or sick. I'm afraid he did that this time to say goodbye.\" Sassy and Chance heard this and they both went to where Shadow was laying and sat down by their friend. When Shadow saw that they were there he looked at them and said. \"I'm getting close to the end of my life.\" Right after he said that Peter and his Dad came in, picked up Shadow and carried him to the car and took him to the vet. Chance and Sassy looked at each other. Chance said. \"Do you think that Shadow is going to die soon?\" Sassy didn't say anything because she knew that Shadow was going to die soon. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 A/N: This is my first attempt at a Homeward Bound Story. I don't own any of the character"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"I Will Not say Goodbye","Author":"Sergeant Sargent II","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9168467","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AN: This story is down temporarily for editing. it will be returned soon. ignore the following. its there because i don't know if ffn will mess with empty chapters. OPORD Situation Area of Interest Area of Operations Terrain (OAKOC) (friendly and enemy effects) Weather (VW-CPT) (friendly and enemy effects) Enemy Forces Composition Disposition Strength Recent Activities Locations and Capabilities (known and suspected) Most Likely COA Most Dangerous COA Friendly forces Higher 2-Up Mission Intent Higher 1-Up Mission Intent Mission of Adjacent Units Location Task Purpose Influence on your patrol Attachments and Detachments (avoid repetition from Task Org.) Mission Who, What (task), Where, When, Why (purpose) Execution Commanders Intent Concept of the Operation Warfighting Functions (with purpose for each) Fire Support Movement and Maneuver Protection Mission Command Intelligence Sustainment Scheme of Movement and Maneuver Routes (all Primary and Alternate) (include Insertion and Extraction) Plan for crossing Known Danger Areas Plan for React to Contact Approved Targets CCP's AXP's/HLZ's Scheme of Fires PLOT-CR CASEVAC Plan by Phase CCP's AXP's/HLZ's Tasks to Subordinate Units Coordinating Instructions Time Schedule Commander's Critical Information Requirements Priority Intelligence Requirements Friendly Forces Intelligence Requirements Essential Elements of Friendly Information Risk Reduction Control Measures Rules of Engagement Environmental Considerations Force Protection Sustainment Logistics Sustainment Overlay Maintenance Transportation Supply (by class, with distribution methods) Field Services Personnel Services Support Army Health System Support Medical Mission Command Medical Treatment Medical Evacuation Preventive Medicine Command and Signal Command Location of PL Succession of Command Control Command Posts Reports Signal SOI Index Methods of Communication by Priority Pyrotechnics and Signals Code Words, OPSKEDS Challenge and Passwords Number Combinations Running Passwords Recognition Signals (near and far, day and night) Actions After OPORD Issue Annexes Highlight Next Hard Time Give Time Hack Ask for Questions ","Summary":" AN: This story is down temporarily for editing. it will be returned soon. ignore the following. its"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Respect Your Elders","Author":"xXxXBrokenxWingsXxXx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9307792","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Respect Your Elders A Homeward Bound One-Shot Too old. I remembered Shadow saying that once. At the time, Sassy and I thought he was never going to get out of the hole. But he surprised us. That old man was full of surprises. He surprised us again when we got lost in the city. Shadow pulled Sassy and me through that— he did. Shadow had always been there for us, especially me. So, naturally, I tried to return the favor the day I found him lazing about in front of the fireplace. \"Shadow, man, c'mon!\" I urged. He seemed to ignore me. \"Shadow, can't you hear me? It's a beautiful day! C'mon, let's hang out! We never hang out anymore!\" \"Chance,\" He sighed from his resting spot, \"I'm old. I want to rest. Let me rest.\" Nosing his neck, I persisted, \"Shadow, you aren't that old!\" Behind me, Delilah nudged me. \"Chance, maybe you should let him sleep.\" I looked at her. Delilah was never wrong. Well, mostly never wrong. I glanced back at Shadow; already he was asleep again, snoring softly. Reluctantly, I followed Delilah out for a game of Chase the Squirrel. We played for a long time, but I kept thinking about Shadow. What was old? Shadow always acted younger than he was, even when he tried to excuse himself due to his age. Why now? Why was the excuse back? - BREAK - The next morning I snatched a donut from the counter for me and Delilah to share. We sat down under the kitchen table to enjoy our breakfast just as Sassy walked in. Immediately, I detected her worry. After all, why else would she not chastise me for \"acting like a no-good puppy\"? \"What's up?\" I asked as she passed. Her cool gaze fell on the donut. \"Acting like a puppy again?\" I grunted, and Delilah softly laughed. \"Yeah, I am. So what!\" Her tail flicked with annoyance, and I watched her prance away. With another snort, I muttered, \"Guess I was wrong.\" \"About what, Chance?\" Delilah implored, licking her jaws of the donut glaze. \"I figured something was wrong, but Sassy acted like her usual, prissy cat-self after all,\" I answered, resting my head on my paws. \"So I guess I was wrong.\" Delilah nuzzled me. \"I doubt it. You have good instincts, Chance.\" I wagged my tail in amusement. \"That's because I have Shadow. He's taught me how to have good instincts.\" - BREAK - Later, when the snow began to fall and cold set in, Delilah and I went to rest by the fire. Shadow was there again, snoring and whimpering in his sleep. We stood, watching his twitching paws and ears. Delilah whispered, \"Maybe we should go somewhere else. Let him rest.\" I heard her, but my thoughts were elsewhere. There was something different about Shadow. Something... on his face. His fur around his nose and mouth was colored different. Instead of the sandy-gold color of the rest of his fur, that patch was gray. Almost white. \"Has his fur always been that way?\" I asked aloud. Confused, Delilah cocked her head. \"Huh?\" \"Around his mouth. His fur. It's... gray.\" Sassy's voice piped up, startling us as we caught sight of her on the mantel. \"He's getting old.\" Glaring, I growled at her, \"He's not old. And don't say things like that!\" Annoyance showed in her thrashing tail. \"Chance, I'm not saying it to be cruel; it's true. Shadow wasn't young when you got here. And now... He's old. He's fourteen-years-old. Almost fifteen. For his breed, that's pretty old.\" Contemplating her words, I studied Shadow. Other than the gray patch on his muzzle, he looked the same. He was still Shadow. \"Che,\" I muttered, \"he isn't old.\" Without saying bye to Sassy, I nudged Delilah out of the living room. - BREAK - Jamie came home from school the next day with a lot of excitement. He ruffled my ears and stroked Delilah's chin briefly before running to Peter's room, shouting for him. I watched him go and yawned before nuzzling into Delilah's neck. She licked my muzzle comfortingly and fell asleep again. I waited until her breathing was nice and heavy before sneaking off. As usual, or so it seemed nowadays, Shadow slept in front of the fire. Hope read in the recliner, glancing at me when I came in. She greeted me quietly, \"Hey, boy.\" Then, with a smile at Shadow, she went back to reading. I considered just watching Shadow sleep, but I really wanted to talk to him, so I crawled over and nudged his ear. He groaned in response, still sleeping. I tried again. Same response plus a twitch of his other ear. \"Psst,\" I hissed, \"Shadow! Wake up!\" Slowly, he opened his eyes halfway and peered at me. \"What do you want, Chance?\" His grumpy voice puzzled me, but I replied cheerily, \"Let's hang out! C'mon! Enough sleeping!\" My tail was wagging as I pushed his head in an attempt to urge him on his feet. What happened next shocked me and startled Hope. Shadow snarled at me. He lurched at my face, teeth bared. I whimpered and backed off. Hope quickly descended upon us, holding Shadow against her chest, whispering soothing words to him. He visibly relaxed, but his next words, harsh and cold, struck me hard: \"Leave me be, Chance. Have some respect for an old dog.\" - BREAK - I told Delilah of the occurrence. She sympathetically nuzzled me and invited me to play in the snow after our daily walk. For once, I could not become motivated to play. Declining her offer, I opted to sleep under Jamie's bed. Delilah frowned and pleaded with me to come out, but I stayed. When Jamie came to take us for our walk, I persisted in staying put. A few failed attempts to entice me out later, Jamie relented and took Delilah out alone. My next interruption came in the form of my pesky housemate Sassy. She reluctantly crept under the bed, making a remark about the lack of hygiene in Jamie's room. Perhaps she was expecting a response. When I gave her none, she sighed heavily. \"Chance, I heard about what happened.\" \"Why would he do that, Sass?\" I demanded, lifting my head slightly. \"What's the matter with him?\" She tilted her head and said, \"I told you before, didn't I? Shadow is old. He's tired, he aches from arthritis constantly, and he knows... his time is limited.\" My ears perked. \"'His time is limited'? What do you mean?\" Sassy shifted her paws uncomfortably. \"Do you remember the neighbor's dog, Chance?\" \"Old Man Bleu? Yeah, sorta,\" I murmured, quite vividly remembering the hobbling Heeler. \"Why?\" \"Do you remember when he... disappeared?\" I bobbed my head. \"Yeah. You and Shadow said he went on a trip or something.\" Hesitantly and with astounding gentleness, Sassy nudged my face in an awkward nuzzle. She whispered, \"Well, Chance, Shadow is going to be making that trip... A lot sooner than anyone would like.\" - BREAK - Two months later, Sassy's prediction came true. I went down to the living room, intent on at least getting in a conversation with Shadow. Maybe even one where he didn't try to bite my face off. He was there in his spot. Which it was. The rug in front of the hearth was his spot officially. No one argued that. Inhaling sharply, I walked over and leaned my head down. \"Shadow? Hey, Shadow, can we talk?\" Nothing. \"Please, Shadow? I really want to talk to you... I promise, I'll leave you alone right after.\" Silence. \"Shadow, pleeeease,\" I begged and pawed him gently in the shoulder. Still no response, not even a grunt. A bad feeling warped my gut, and I questioned louder, \"Shadow? Shadow, man, wake up.\" His stillness scared me. Panic arose in my throat in the form of a yelp, a noise I hadn't made since I got stuck by a porcupine. But I did. I yelped. And yelped. And howled. Footsteps, rapid and frantic, came down the stairs, yet I couldn't stop. I kept whining even as Delilah pushed me away to make room for Peter and the rest of the family. Sassy sat silently on the couch as Bob and Peter both tried to wake Shadow. To no avail. Peter was in tears. Jamie, Hope, Laura, and Bob were, too. Delilah looked away as Peter picked up Shadow and held up in a stiff embrace. I wished I could have looked away also, but my eyes were glued to Peter and Shadow. Time ticked by slowly. In a heartbroken whisper, I heard Peter sob, \"H-Happy fifteenth birthday... Shadow.\" A/N: I do not own Homeward Bound. I apologize if I made anyone sad. If it makes you feel better, I cried a little writing this. ","Summary":" Respect Your Elders A Homeward Bound One-Shot Too old. I remembered Shadow saying that once. At the"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Homeward Bound: Escape from the Pound","Author":"The Writer0214","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5587958","Passage":"[Chapter 1] HOMEWARD BOUND: ESCAPE FROM THE POUND (Welcome to Dog Hell) Disclaimer: I own nothing. Do not sue. Author's Notes: This is my own Homeward Bound. A family moves from their comfortable two-storey Queens, New York home back to Detroit, Michigan. The problem: the apartment the family is moving to has a no-dog rule. There is only room for a few pets. A rabbit, a cat, and four turtles. Rapunzel, Milo, and Sam are left at a friend's house. Wanting to be with their humans, they make their escape—first from the house, then from the pound. Italics are the pets' POV. My name is Milo. I'm a dying, old dog. Of course, my sense of smell is still keen, but everything else is starting to go. Sounds are muffled—unlike the old days when I was still young and strong. My eyesight is going. But I can still see my humans. Of course, there are only two of them left now. You see, humans are a strange pack. They stick together until their young reaches a certain age. Then they release them to be alone in the world. But they come back and visit from time to time. One of my humans, Sam, has already settled down with his mate. Both Rapunzel and Sammie (not my human, my mate) said that they caught the two in heat—on the floor of our old house back then. But I digress. They have very cute litter. I was blessed to see them before my sight began to fade. Although I'm almost blind and almost deaf—not to mention arthritic and dying—I still remember clearly. Everything. I remember how Sam, Rapunzel, Satine the cat and I travelled for miles just to be with our humans. We had to escape dog hell—a.k.a., the pound. Allow me to tell you my story—our story. Our story begins in the fall of 1996, Queens, New York… ","Summary":" HOMEWARD BOUND: ESCAPE FROM THE POUND (Welcome to Dog Hell) Disclaimer: I own nothing. Do not sue. "},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Homeward Bound: Sassy's Story","Author":"ebonytigger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10859813","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Have you ever wondered how I ended up living at the same house as two dogs? Pay attention because I'm about to tell you all my story. You know Chance's story - he was brought from the Bad Place. I think he should have been left there and Jamie should have got a cat like me. I vaguely remember being with my mum and littermates. I remember many people coming and looking at us. I was the second in the litter to leave, the first of my littermates got picked by a family with a screaming little human kitten. As a result I and most of the others chose to hide from it. Mum told us to never trust a family with a screaming human kitten. I remember seeing Hope and her parents coming into the house. They decided all of us kittens were cute and were looking at one of my other littermates. I decided that Hope was going to be MY human. \"Out of the way\" I told my littermate. \"That little girl is MY human\" I cuddled up to Hope and started purring. \"Oh she's so cute\" Hope squealed. \"Can I have this one Mum?\" \"We'll see\" the woman smiled. I watched them leaving the house. Other families came and played with my littermates over the next few days. It felt like forever before my new human's mum came back, saying to the human who I was with in the house \"I've come to collect the kitten I reserved. Hope's at school. She doesn't know I came here today to collect her new kitten. We want to name the new kitten Sassy.\" \"Nice name\" smiled the human who my mum owned. \"Come through, I'll get her in the carrier for you\" Next thing I knew I was picked up from my game of hunt my sibling and put in a box. I felt a lot of movement and because I didn't know where I was going, I had an accident in the carrier. The human let me out eventually and let me explore the house. I immediately found the bed of the little girl and curled up on the human bed to have a sleep. I dreamed of chasing the mice and birds outside, I dreamed of exploring huge fields and coming home with plenty of prey for my new humans, I dreamed of coming home and cuddling up with my new human. I heard a door slamming and quickly raised my head. I say my new human entering the room. \"Mum thank you so much I love my new kitten\" Hope called, before scooping me up in her arms. I flopped down in her arms and purred loudly, glad to have my own human. ","Summary":" Have you ever wondered how I ended up living at the same house as two dogs? Pay attention because I"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"An eventful Christmas Eve","Author":"Noxae","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7609800","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is a translation of one of my OS, originally in French. Don't hesitate to point out any mistake. My name if Fance. Uh, sorry, I was busy chewing my favorite shoe there - Jamie's right sneaker, to be precise. Let me try again. My name is Chance. But maybe you already knew that. However, what you don't know is that I'm going to be a dad soon. How about that? Delilah told me the news while I was digging a hole in the backyard as part of my plan to redesign the house - every dog knows what I'm talking about, you humans have terrible taste aesthetically speaking, and it falls to us to make adjustments -, and I literally jumped for joy. The whole family shares my happiness, of course - except for Sassy, but cats are never happy, otherwise they wouldn't be cats. Jamie has already picked names for all the puppies : there need to be at least twelve of them, or he will be horribly disappointed. I wonder what they will look like. Will they have the same soft white fur as Delilah? Will they inherit my legendary bravery? Will they chase Sassy all around the house by themselves, or will I need to teach them that skill? I'm wondering about all this, and much more, when the resident fur ball comes into view. She looks like she's just woken up from one of those incredibly long cat naps, which means she's in a slighty better mood than usual. She gives me a feline look - meaning devious. \"Ha,\" she mews,\"so that's where Jamie's sneaker is. He's been looking for it for fifteen minutes.\" I let go of the delicious shoe, sniff in a refined manner, and answer : \"And what are you going to do about it? Going to rat me out? I mean, cat me out?\" \"I wouldn't dream of it. Oh, look who's coming...\" Jamie storms into the room, and glares daggers at me when he understands that I've kidnapped his shoe. \"Chance!\" he says in that special tone of voice he uses when he's angry at me. \"You bad dog!\" I cower, taking a position that means \"please nice master, don't be angry at me, it's the shoe that started it all, it taunted me, I swear\". Unfortunately, as most dogs can attest, this position has a success rate of about 0%. Even worse, humans tend to mix it up with the one that means \"haha, my evil plan worked\", even though they look nothing alike. \"Mom, look what Chance did to my shoe! It's the third one this month, it's like he's doing it on purpose.\" Oops. Time for a diversion. I jump on Sassy, growling. She takes off in a hurry with a outraged mew, and soon I'm long gone from the crime scene. I didn't flee, no, not at all. I heroically protected my human from the most dreadful allergy there is : the allergy to cat hair! Dreadful, because everyone has it without knowing about it, and they force themselves to like cats nonetheless. Such won't be the fate of my little Jamie. Mission accomplished! \"Chance?\" That's the voice of my Delilah. She's lying at the feet of the (delicious) couch, in the living room. She looks worried, which in turn worries me. \"Chance... The humans, they're dressed as if they're going out. I don't understand... Where are they going? \"Oh, that,\" I answer. \"Don't worry, it always happens around this time of year, when that white stuff falls from the sky. They leave one evening, and come back in the morning with lots of delicious leftovers for us. I never really understood where it came from, but I'm not complaining.\" \"Yes, but... what if the pups were born tonight? I have a bad feeling about this, Chance.\" I come closer and lick her on the muzzle. \"Don't worry, everything will be all right. I will be there, and Shadow too, and even Sassy...\" I can hardly believe I'm naming a cat in order to put her mind at rest. Oddly enough it seems to work. I have to admit that Delilah and Sassy are getting along way better than what I expected. A girls' thing, no doubt. \"Chance is right, Delilah. There is nothing to be concerned about. Ours humans will be back by tomorrow morning.\" That's Shadow right there. Good old Shadow. I don't know where I'd be without him. Probably not as happy, and certainly not as alive. He's watching us from the doorstep, keeping a eye on the comings and goings of the humans. Once a guard dog, always a guard dog. I scurry along to join him. Outside, the humans are getting into the big machine that makes thunderous noises - and that runs way faster than me. I've studied it in detail, that thing, and I've come to the conclusion that in exchange for swallowing the humans, it consents to drive them wherever they want. But then, and that's where the genius of humans comes into play, they manage to convince the thing to spit them out, somehow. It will never cease to amaze me. A few minutes later, the humans are gone. The house is mine! I mean, ours. I rush into the kitchen to check if they haven't left some cake lying around somewhere. Alas, no such luck. But what's that ? I'm getting something on the old nose radar. It smells of... cat food! Haha! Big mistake, my dear friends! Where is it? Where is it? I finally find what I'm looking for after three full turns on myself. Noooo! I collapse on the floor, crying with despair. The food is out of reach, smack-dab on the middle of the table, and all that's left for me to do is glare at it in the foolish hope that it will jump down on its own and grace my mouth with its divine presence. \"Well, Chance? Getting hungry, are you?\" Sassy leaps onto the table and heads toward the (my) dish full of (delicious) cat food. \"How come they left you some food, while we didn't get anything?\" \"Because I'm a cat, of course. And cats...\" \"...rule, I know.\" That's when a genius idea occurs in my brain. See, there's a sort of plastic thing hanging from the table, on all sides. The dish of cat food and the cat are on it, and if I pull in this direction... I grab the plastif stuff with my teeth - argh, doesn't taste goot at all -, and move back, jerking my head left and right as if I was trying to snatch a toy from Jamie's hands. The operation ends up being partially successful. On the good side : Sassy lets out a heart-rending mew, almost but not quite takes a tumble (bonus!), and I can distinctly hear the dish clatter as it falls. On the bad side : I'm suddenly blind, because the thing landed on my head. I attack it vigorously and it defends itself quite well, until I finally manage to make it slide off of my head and trap it under my paws. Victory! It doesn't move anymore, so I decide it must have understood who's the boss, and I hurry to eat all the (delicious) cat food that is now scattered all over the kitchen floor. Mmh, sooo good. I want more! Mooore! Oh, no. It appears I've eaten it all. Damn. I really intented to save some for Delilah. Oh well. After that, the evening goes by slowly. I bring a brand new shoe to Delilah, but she chews on it only half-heartedly. Shadow is lying down in front of the door, faithfully waiting for Peter. Sassy is somewhere upstairs, probably napping. Huddled up on the (delicious) couch, I'm listening to the rain. It's pouring down. I'm happy not to be outside in such a cat weather. Suddenly a blinding flash of white lights up the room, followed only seconds later by a terrifying growl. Well, terrifying if your name is Sassy, perhaps. It didn't affect me at all. Nope. \"When I was a pup, my mother used to say that the growling in the sky was our ancestor protecting us from humans.\" I turn my head to look at Delilah. I can hardly see her in the darkness. \"Weird story. Doesn't explain the rain, though,\" I say. \"No. I guess I can always come up with my own take on the story when I'll tell it to our children.\" I get off the couch to go snuggle up against her. What can I say? I'm a big sweetheart. \"We'll do it together.\" All of a sudden, Shadow starts growling. \"What's wrong, pops?\" I say. \"Afraid of the dark?\" \"Someone is coming, and they're not our humans.\" I cock an ear. Both of them, in fact. I can hear snatches of a conversation : \"...nobody home... ...in and out... ...easy buck...\" There are shadows moving at the window. Immediately my hackles rise. I growl in warning, much stronger than that sky-dwelling dog Delilah was talking about. They better stay away! \"There's a dog...\" \"Don't worry, I got it covered.\" The shadows disappear, and there's an odd noise, as if someone was scratching at the door. In the hall, Shadow starts barking. \"Chance, what's happening?\" asks Delilah. \"I'll protect you, whatever happens.\" The smell of meatballs reaches my nose. Uh? Where are those coming from? \"Don't touch them, Chance,\" advises Shadow. \"It must be a trap.\" As traps go, that's a really good one. The meatballs look delicious... Yummy. I lick my chops, trying to keep my goal in mind. Protect Delilah. Protect Delilah. Pro... The door slams open. Shadow charges the first intruder, growling all the way. According to my sense of smell, there are at least three of them. Shadow's getting old; he can't possibly hold his own against three humans. I hesitate for a couple of seconds. I hate to have to leave Delilah alone, even if it's just for a minute or two. \"Go ahead, Chance,\" she tells me. \"I'll be all right.\" She's as brave as me ! Perhaps even more - yes, I know, it's hard to imagine, but make an effort. Barking like a mad dog, I throw myself into the fray. Shadow has already closed his jaws on the arm of the tallest of the assailants, and is pulling on it with all his might. I jump on a prey at random, knock him over, and growl in his face. \"Get lost, stupid,\" I bark at him. He obviously gets the message, because he gets back on his feet in a hurry and scampers off. I look around. Shadow is done with his prey too : the human runs away screaming, leaving behind a piece of his trousers as a souvenir. The screeching of an angry cat draws my attention. Sassy is busy climbing up the back of the last intruder. I can't believe it. This one was mine! What does she think she is, a guard cat? Still, her tactic turns out to be quite effective, and soon there's only the three of us standing on the porch. \"I'm going to end up thinking you two are magnets for trouble,\" Sassy says in a tone of reproach. \"And I'm going to end up thinking you like it,\" I reply while shaking myself. A new flash of light greets my words. The sky-dwelling dog growls. \"I'm going to stay here and keep watch,\" Shadow informs us. \"Seeing as I'm no longer needed, I'm going to go back to sleep in my cozy little bed,\" Sassy decides. Well, what do I do? Ah, but of course. How silly of me. Delilah! She hasn't moved an inch, but I sense something is wrong right away. Her eyes closed, she's lying on the side and breathing rapidly. She raises her head upon hearing me. \"Chance... The pups... They're coming.\" I jump at least a feet straight up into the air. \"What do I do? WhatdoIdo? Whaaat dooo I dooo?\" Okay, maybe I'm a tad nervous. It makes her laugh. \"Calm down, Chance. Everything will be all right.\" \"Yes, everything will be fine,\" Sassy adds, appearing seemingly out of nowhere - a cat thing, again.\"Why don't you go keep Shadow company?\" \"Why?\" I protest. \"I want to help, too.\" \"By doing what ? You've got experience in giving birth, maybe?\" \"Well... You don't either, so there.\" I'm so proud of my rhetoric skill. \"Chance, please...\" Ah, since it's Delilah who's asking... I go join Shadow, still a bit worried. The night passes slowly. From time to time I hear small whinings coming from the living room and my heart somersaults in my chest. Shadow does his best to keep my mind off what's going on back there, telling me stories about his youth, but even though they're quite funny - who would have thought you could do that with a vacuum-cleaner? -, I'm not really in the mood for them. Finally, as the sun rises over the horizon, I hear Sassy calling me. I rush into the living room, slipping on the carpet on the way - hey, the meatballs are still there. At the feet of the couch, Delilah is suckling five, no, six, no, seven little puppies. I come closer to sniff them. \"Are they supposed to be this tiny?\" I ask, puzzled. \"They look like... kittens.\" \"Don't be silly, Chance. They've just been born, it's normal for them to be this size\" Delilah explains. Right. But still, I was expecting them to be a little bigger. I take a closer look at them. They seem so fragile. They know nothing about the heroic act their father just carried out. They're also not aware that they were born the day of the Great Food Distribution, which bodes very well for their future. Four of them have the same fur as Delilah, that fluffy white hair which I worship. Two are completely black, and the last one looks just like me. I give him a lick as a welcome gesture. \"That one is Chance Junior,\" Sassy says. \"Pfff. You don't have much imagination, kitty.\" \"Actually, I chose the name,\" Delilah cut in. \"Oh. Well, it's a really good name! A perfect name, even!\" \"Riiight.\" \"But I'll choose the name of the next one.\" As I was saying, my name is Chance. And I'm the happiest dog in the world. It just occured to me, one whole *year* after writing this oneshot, that Chance is most likely neutered. This makes me sad. Should I label this AU ? xD ","Summary":" This is a translation of one of my OS, originally in French. Don't hesitate to point out any mistak"},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"Stargate: The Narration","Author":"thehistoryfreak13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10096248","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1928, Giza Plateau \"Papa will we get to see the great tombs and everything! Will we really!\" I squealed, gripping my Papa's white sleeve tightly. I couldn't contain my excitement at all, as I was practically jumping on the spot. Papa looked down at me smiling warmly while patting me on the head, his tanned dimples radiating in the sun's bright beams. \"I'm not sure darling, but I do promise an adventure, just don't get wandering around alright,\" he said bending down to my height, his ruffy mustache twerking in amusement. I giggled cheerfully pushing at Papa for him to get going. \"Well let's go then Papa no time to waste!\" I yelled, determined to see the wonders of Papa's excavation. Papa laughed complying with my sudden demands and made his way towards the sounds of digging and surprise. His hand reached out behind him to hold my hand, for which I complied, delighted in the aspect of spending the day with Papa. As we moved towards the sight, the excitement in the air heightened, all with the bustling of the workers roaming their fingers into the sand and the whistling of the wind, blowing a cool breeze into the area. \"Dr. Lanford sir please you must come see this I urge you,\" yelled a voice and a young English man approached Papa, reaching to shake his hand. Papa complied politely giving the young man his attention. My eyes wandered throughout the land searching for anything. In the corner there was a man searching through a box, which sparked my attention. Glancing at Papa to see if he would notice, I skipped towards the stand peering my eyes at a shining object in the worker's hands. He looked at me curiously, and I detected a look of familiarity as the worker glanced quickly t my Papa's direction then back at me. He smiled kindly handing me something big from the box. Curious I reached for it running my hands through it delicately. It was a golden pendant, with the recognizable picture of the eye of Ra. Oh I know this, I thought to myself excitedly. \"This is Ra, no?\" I whispered awed at the marvelous jewel that ran through my fingers. \"Yes my lady, how very clever you are, would you mind giving that to your father?\" I nodded not bothering to look up as I continued to look closer at the pendant. The familiar doodles of the Egyptians were engraved into it, giving it the marvelous look of the sun. \"Catherine, darling come here.\" I looked up sharply grasping the pendant tightly in my fingers as I ran towards Papa without a word. He gasped my hand again and started to follow the young man from before. As we walked around the mountain of soil, something stopped Papa in his tracks. Puzzled I looked up and gasped. A huge circular ring held by hundred of ropes stood tall and majestic in front of us all. The silver mane glistened in the sunlight, as is towered before us all. Papa's mouth dropped, his eyes widening in delight. \"So this was what the cover stone was covering? What in God's name is that?\" He asked, his voice high in wonder. \"I wish I knew sir,\" answered the boy.[Chapter 2] Dr. Daniel Jackson. The file was thick in papers, from photos to newspaper articles all detailing every segments of his life. I skimmed through his doctoral thesis carefully, looking to how this man was the one. Report on Dr. Daniel Jackson Born: July 8, 1965 Parents: Melborn and Claire Jackson (deceased) Both archeologists killed while excavating a tomb in southern Egypt. Taken into foster care as a young child. Foster parents Tom and Jane Sinclair, both deceased. Attended Brown University for undergraduate school with two degrees in Anthropology and History. Received his Doctorate in Egyptology and Linguistics and in well known in the archaeological community with his worked, based mainly in the Giza area. Jackson is a well-known linguist, known to speak 23 languages including English, Russian, German, Mandarin Chinese, Arabic, French, Greek, Persian, and mainly, Egyptian hieroglyphics. He is known for his expert understanding in Egyptian hieroglyphics and is a huge advocator of the theories of Giza's non-Egyptian origins. Jackson has lost his grants and been evicted from his apartments. His only living relatives, is well-known archaeologist Nick Ballard, his grandfather, with whom he has not been in contact with in nearly seven years. Ballard resides in a classified mental institution in California. Sighing heavily, I put the files away. Maybe he's the one who can figure it out. \"Ms. Lanford, we're here,\" called the driver. I walked out of the car, clutching my lucky pendant in a tight grasp. How many years had it been now? 70? How could we not discover the origins of the tablets until now? Can this Daniel Jackson help us? Sighing, I walked into the hotel glancing for the poster to show me the way to Dr. Jackson's seminar. Finding it I peered into the large room, seeing it packed. I looked to the front to see a tall, but seemingly unimpressive man standing there. He had long sandy blonde hair that nearly covered his eyes. His clothes looked worn, but professional, which accompanied his round glasses. \"Dr. Jackson how would you explain the tablet found in the 1950s with the writings of the Pharaoh Kahof, naming him the all mighty rule,\" yelled a voice in the back of the room. Dr. Jackson straightened turning to the board to write down some Hieroglyphs from memory. \"Those as proven before repeatedly were fraud that in fact heightens the fact that there are no writings of any kind around the pyramids whatsoever. Egyptian society was rich in its writings, telling every detail of the lives of the pharaohs and the people, thinking that the future would thrive in its country's past. But for such a large structure that was the symbol of the Egyptian empire, there are no writings at all. It's blank, like the Egyptians themselves didn't build them at all. It's only the ones in Giza specifically, because many of the other copycats have writing on them. It was the Egyptians themselves that built the pyramids, and the academic community needs to focus on that to better understand the Empire's origins.\" The crowd roared in outrage as many men and women rose from their seats shouting words of doubt and ridicule. \"So what do you think built the pyramids of Giza, Dr. Jackson?\" yelled a voiced with curiosity. The whole room went silent waiting for an answer. Dr. Jackson paused his eyes widening in panic and confusion. I stepped closer to see what his answer would be . He's clearly a mastermind in the translations as seen in the e crowd here , I thought to myself. As the silence continued, many people started to get up, knowing from the silence that he did not have an answer. Poor man, these people won't give him any chance. \"I have no idea who built the pyramids but-\" his continuing thought was interrupted by the loud sounds of people rising from their seats and leaving. Oh dear . Dr. Jackson continued to talk hurriedly, hoping for the people to come back. Soon the hall was completely empty and quiet. Making myself unseen, I peered over and saw Dr. Jackson sit down in exasperation. He took off his glasses and sighed loudly looking up at the ceiling, thinking. I'll wait for him outside , I thought, turning my heel to head back to the car.[Chapter 3] Soon as Daniel tried to explain and the hall had become quiet. The many rows of chairs stood still, mocking him, as Daniel felt, in his time of humiliation. Exhausted Daniel stepped down from the podium and setting himself down at one of the closer chairs. Daniel proceeded to remove his glasses, taking a handkerchief from his pocket to wipe them clean. So what now ? Sighing heavily Daniel looked up pondering on his options. He couldn't go back home now that the eviction notice was there. His grants were all used up so there was nothing there. Looking around again to see if anyone was left, a sagging ache of disappointment churned in Daniel's insides. Quickly he put his glasses back on, getting up to collect what little belongings he had. This didn't take long as all he had were a couple of clothes and books of translation and reference. A half and hour past and Daniel was bustling out of the hotel. The sky had turned an ash grey and rain was pouring heavily. Hoping to find a shelter to stay at for now, Daniel raised his hood and walked out of the hotel, feeling the pounds of the rain hit at him in alarming numbers. He turned to the right onto Harold Street. \"Dr. Jackson!\" Daniel turned at the sound of his name, to see a man in a navy blue uniform and hat ran up to him in great speed. Confused, Daniel smiled and approached the man as he came. \"Yes,\" he asked, bending as thee weight of his bags started to make his back ach. The man stood broadly and was at least six feet tall. Daniel couldn't make up his face, as it was clouded by the pouring rain. \"Sir please come with us there is someone who would like to speak to you please,\" the man asked politely motioning his head towards the car right in front of the hotel, while reaching to take his bags. Daniel hesitated wondering who would want to talk to him after the poor attention put on his seminar. \"Who?\" he asked looking down at the car's window. There was the form of a woman inside, but nothing Daniel could make out. \"Please sirs I'll look after these for you, please come inside.\" Daniel looked up, and hesitantly gave his bags over to the man. He went inside the car, taking off his hood as the door closed. \"Dr. Jackson, these are your parents are they not?\" Asked an old but vibrant voice. Surprised Daniel turned to see a familiar photo being passed in his direction. Mom. Dad. Confused Daniel glanced at the old woman, as she peered at him through his thick-rimmed glasses. A sudden wave of sadness came over as he thought about his foster parents; as they were the only ones he could ever remember having. Looking at the photo for another minute before handing it back, Daniel answered her in his curt voice. \"Foster parents,\" he corrected. She nodded taking the photo back and placing it into her folder that had his name on it. Daniel's expression remained suspicious, as the woman didn't say anything for a while. Daniel suddenly became annoyed, he didn't having this woman digging through his life and questioning him about it. \"What exactly is all this about?\" he asked in a curt but polite tone, motioning his hand at the man at the window. Without looking at him she answered. \"Job.\" Resisting the urge to snort in disbelief, Daniel stared at her waiting for her to explain in detail. She stared back not saying a word. Daniel's patience started to wear thin. \"What kind of job.\" \"Translation,\" she said pausing for a moment. She looked up smiling at him politely. \"Ancient Egyptian Hieroglyphs, interested?\" Daniel stared at her in disbelief, doubting her every word. Turning to leave he said, \"I'm going to go now.\" The woman scoffed taking off her glasses and looking at him straight in the eye. \"Go where? You've just been evicted from your apartment, all your grants have run out. Everything you own in in those two bags out there.\" She paused motioning her hand to the window. She took out an envelope, handing it to him. \"You want to know if your theories are right, this is your chance.\" Daniel stared. Everything she said, of course, was true no matter how much he wanted to deny it. Looking down he nodded his head. There isn't any harm in accepting this, I supposed. Daniel's eyes roamed over the envelope and he accepted it. \"What's his?\" He asked. The woman smiled. \"Travel plans.\"[Chapter 4] October 1994, Southern Virginia The day progressed as any other as the two officers drove up the small chipped driveway. The sky was an ash grey hinting the descent of yet another day. The autumn leaves shine a bright orange on the streets of the small suburban town. Each house looked well kept and clean, like any family home. All except for the house that they drove up to. The grass was uneven and long and Officer Blake could hardly find any sign of life. Weary at their task, the two officers walked down the driveway to the front door. The head officer pressed the bell twice for emphasis. The door opened and there stood an average height blond woman. Without a word she walked away from the door, hinting that they were allowed to enter. The two men entered glancing at each other, confused at the sudden acceptance into her home. \"Mrs. O'Reilly is your husband home,\" Officer Blake asked. She didn't answer at first. She walked towards the kitchen and lit a cigarette. She took her time, waiting until after she had exhaled her first drag to answer. \"Yep,\" she said in a quick and abrupt voice. She wasn't looking at either man, her eyes boring into the window that showed her a view of the entire street in its dead silence. \"Could we speak to him ma'am it's a matter of great importance.\" She sighed looking down, crushing the cigarette onto the ashtray with an aggravated smooch. Her brow furrowed as she just stood there in absolute silence. The men stood there staring at her and waiting for an answer. Officer Blake glanced at his supervisor, a look of worry swarming his expression. What was wrong with this woman? Officer Jefferson didn't look back at the officer; he merely waited a look of pity on his face. Mrs. O'Reilly sighed and stood up straight looking back at the two men. \"You can try, he's in the room across the hall I suspect, he hasn't been able to leave\" her voice broke. Mrs. O'Reilly looked down, her hand over her mouth, as if to hold back a cry of despair. Officer Blake reached towards her, but refrained from touching her. \"Ma'am is you alright?\" He asked hesitantly. Mrs. O'Reilly's head shot up quickly at his voice, as if she completely forgot that they were there at all. \"Just go across the hall, he's there and leave me be,\" Mrs. O'Rielly rasped sharply, turning quickly to go down the stairs and disappeared. The two men looked at each other with looks of worry and dread. This assignment was already becoming hard. They quickly followed Mrs. O'Reilly's directions and walked down the hall to the door there. Officer Jeffereson knocked, but no one answered. He knocked again and nothing. He grasped the handle to see the Colonel sitting there in silence, still as stone. \"Sir,\" uttered Officer Blake, \"we have come from the General's office.\" Colonel O'Reilly stiffened turning his head ever so slightly, indicating that they had his attention. \"You've been reassigned,\" he continued keeping his distance, as the silence was making him uneasy. Colonel O'Reilly scoffed shaking his head slowly before talking. \"Well gentlemen, tell me what he needs me for and leave, I will report to him tomorrow as needed.\" ... The two men quickly made their way out of the house not waiting for either Mr. or Mrs. O'Reilly's good-byes, if they had wanted to give any at all. \"He looks like a mess,\" commented Officer Blake, getting into the passenger seat of the car. \"What happened to him?\" Officer Blake sighed looking from behind as he was reversing the car out of the driveway. \"His kid died. Accidently shot himself with the Colonel's gun.\" Officer Blake stared at him in shock, his mouth wide open. \"My, god.\"[Chapter 5] The sound of a car door slamming awoke Daniel. Bolting up he felt his head make contact with the car's hood. \"Ow,\" he muttered sleepily. Rubbing the spot that ached, Daniel peered into the window. Greenery still covered the scenery unlike any he'd witnessed in a long time. Drowsy, Daniel pulled out his right arm to inspect his father's cracked watch. Half-past noon. So they were driving for about an hour. Again Daniel turned back towards the window, not sure what to expect. It had been two days since he had spoken with Catherine and accepted the position. Through the exhaustion, and lack of Caffeine Daniel tried to figure out, for about the hundredth time what exactly this job would entitle. Maybe from a certain University . . . No impossible. Shame filled within him at the thought of the last conference he had conducted. The crowd of professors and archeologists basically laughing in his face. Not even Charles, his close college friend, took his side. \"Daniel,\" Charles sighed, when Daniel asked why everyone left. \"I'm sorry but what did you expect to happen?\" Daniel remembered the annoyance building up in his body. Charles had that look that everyone had these days whenever he failed: pity. \"I expected to be heard out at least,\" he said laughing humorlessly. Though annoyed Daniel never liked to cause a spectacle. Even with his friends. \"Daniel you're one of the best translators I've ever come across. So why do you keep up with these stupid theories. I told you that no one is going to take what your saying seriously.\" \"It's not theories Charles,\" Daniel explained, gnawing at his father's chipped watch. This was a habit of his when about to go into a rant. Charles's eyes glanced down warily, but he said nothing. \"It's well supported research. Why can't you understand? Like I was saying, the pyramids are one of the only structures in ancient Egypt that have nearly no inscriptions in the inside—\" \"Yes, yes Daniel I know,\" Charles drawled impatiently. \"Daniel I know all this, but the evidence you have isn't enough. They're theories and just that.\" \"Well you're warranted your opinion Charles—\" \"Look Dan, I tried to help here,\" Charles interrupted sharply. Daniel shut up, surprised at the edge in Charles's voice. \"I can't help you anymore. You're on your own okay. I've tried my best, but you've left me no choice.\" With that he had turned his back on Daniel, scurrying out of the hotel without inquiring back. Insides aching, Daniel mourned the loss of his friend. He didn't really blame Charles for giving up on him. He had even expected it. Charles was proud and disliked it when people didn't care for themselves. Even so, Daniel still carried the hole like a dead weight. \"Sir, you'd best prepare yourself.\" Daniel's head snapped up suddenly confused at the interruption. The driver was peering at him at the mirror, disbelief since plain his eyes. \"What,\" Daniel muttered confused. Idiot we've arrived, he thought to himself shamefully. \"Oh really. Thank you, sorry,\" Daniel replied. The greenery around the car had evaporated and Daniel could now see the make out of some facility ahead. He lifted his body to get a better look. A large fence came into view as the car eased ahead. Soldiers in full uniform stood guard and Daniel's stomach turned over. What was the military doing here? At the car's approach, the fence automatically opened and they went in. Daniel saw that they were in a huge garage of some sorts. The driver parked in amongst an array of various cars of the same model. An officer called out his name, signaling Daniel to exit the car and retrieve his belongings. Daniel followed the man down the railings towards the elevators, trying very hard to keep up with his pace, while carrying his very heavy luggage. They entered the small, cramped elevator, making their way towards the basement. Why are we headed to the basement, he asked himself . His eyes went around aimlessly, desiring clues of any kind. Why are there so many soldiers here I thought this was a job of translation? Suddenly, Daniel was stricken with a fit of sneezes, making him drop his bags and quickly reach for his handkerchief. Ah, allergies, why does this have to happen now? \"Cold, \" asked the Officer, a shadow of a smile spreading across his features. Daniel knew he was amused. He always got that reaction from men of the sort. He saw it on all the people who spurned his lectures and theories; he could even remember his own grandfather giving him that look when he was told that Daniel was sticking to Linguistics and his focus. What use do you have for languages; you need to follow your parent's footsteps if you know what's good for you boy. Resisting the urge to frown at this, Daniel gave the officer his warmest smile. No need to let them know they bothered him. Daniel clutched the handkerchief to his nose before blowing through it hard. \"Allergies,\" he responded, sniffling a bit before the door opened. The officer indicated that he should follow. ","Summary":" 1928, Giza Plateau \"Papa will we get to see the great tombs and everything! Will we really!\" I sq"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"Facing the Music","Author":"Hawki","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9740102","Passage":"[Chapter 1] . Elysium: Facing the Music Chapter 1: Ostinato June 2, 2037 And while you'll find it tough up there, It's still tough below. Put your feet back on the ground, Find where some grass still grows. Amanda Sarabi wasn't entirely comfortable with the lyrics. True, everyone in the country and beyond was talking about ArmaDyne's space torus project, a little space habitat named Elysium that according to projections, wouldn't look little at all once it was completed. But that being said, there was no way the people building it would hear her. And if people were looking for grass as a relief from orbital space platform work, Kenya wasn't really the place to look. Or really any place in Africa right now. ' Cause we're all rooting for you, We look up to the skies. When the moon is high at night, And when the sun does rise. Sotaro began a guitar riff that would end with her performing the final lyrics, complimenting Kodwa and Bongani on the drums and keyboard respectively. To jazz with the beat, to move with the music, to do everything she could to keep her job as singer. One of the few jobs left in the world that was completely free of humanoids. So light a fire, come on down, Come, light up my life. Cause we're all down here waiting for, A bit of your delight. \"Delight\" was drawn out. \"Delight\" was what some of the bar's patrons expressed, slamming their bottles on the tables, catcalling, or even politely clapping in some places. But they were the minority, and most of them remained focussed on their grog. Or called out names at the bar's sole humanoid waiter, trying to confuse it. Or kept their eyes glued on the flatscreen as analysts debated which candidate would win the country's 2038 election. \"Thank you,\" Amanda cried out over the crowd. \"Thank you very much. Nawapenda wote.\" Some of the men whooped at that, but most remained quiet. She hung up her microphone and stepped off the stage. \"Hey girl, you call me!\" \"Pussy? I got pussy! Come here pussy!\" And it went on, though thankfully, only for about half a minute. It only took her that long for her to hang up her equipment, cross the pub's floor, and enter Barbata's office. \"I thought I told you to knock.\" Amanda sat down opposite his desk anyway. It was wooden, with one half of it covered in papers, the other in the remains of food, drink, and the dispensables that had been used to contain them. \"I heard you from here,\" Barbarta continued. \"Nice voice.\" \"I aim to please,\" Amanda murmured. \"But I'm not doing it for free.\" \"No,\" the man murmured. He opened one of the drawers of his desk and took out a wad of notes, all of them Kenyan shillings. \"Of course not.\" Amanda didn't regret that. Times were tough. In Kenya, in Africa, and in much of the world these days. Barbarta was one of those people who managed to not be affected by it, as evidenced by his bulk, that he'd managed to replace one of his waiters with a humanoid last week, and that he could afford performers in his bar. \"Barbarta's Bar\" as people called it, though its actual name was Michanganyiko ya Rose – \"the Liquid Rose.\" He was someone well known, she could tell. If the reason was one that authorities might raise an eyebrow at, she was determined to be in a position where she could plea ignorance. \"Here,\" he said, handing her the week's pay. \"Same time tomorrow night, eh?\" \"Ndiyo,\" Amanda said, taking the money. \"Bila shaka.\" She got up. Yes. Of course. She'd be here tomorrow night, she told herself. And the night after that. And as long as she could until ArmaDyne or some rival company produced humanoids that could sing. And look female. And do all the other things that humans could do to keep themselves afloat. People not like Barbarta who turned round in his seat, laid back in the chair, and looked up at the flatscreen mounted on his wall, looking at text scrawling along. Fighting continues in United Sudan…Israel-Palestine peace talks remain in limbo…Shanghai Scandal inquiry finds that- Amanda turned away and headed out. If she wanted the reaffirmation that life was crap, she could do it at home. Or do the same in the bar proper, even as the Boa Brothers' comedy act had just started and was sending ripples of laughter throughout the crowd. She watched as one of them got out what looked like a pizza, but then put it down, claiming the joke was too \"cheesy.\" \"Puns. Great,\" she murmured, even as the crowd roared with laughter. \"Inquiry – puns?\" \"What?\" Amanda glanced at the source of the inquiry, the humanoid looking up from the table it was polishing. \"Inquiry?\" it asked again. \"Puns?\" \"It's a pun. You know…a bad joke? A play on words?\" \"Clarify.\" Amanda sighed. \"Discontinue inquiry. Return to original directive.\" The humanoid stared at her, leaving Amanda to wonder exactly what it thought, or if it actually possessed bona fide thought at all. Proper AI had been developed a decade ago (not that she really understood what counted as \"proper\") in that time, humanoids had popped up everywhere. Militaries. Industries. And just a month ago, this establishment. Barbarta had put the robot to work and dismissed Carpisco the same day. Amanda had tried to keep in touch, and had succeeded for the first two weeks until her friend decided to jump off a bridge. \"Clarify,\" the humanoid repeated. \"Pun. Joke.\" \"Discontinue inquiry,\" Amanda said again, staring into its blank visor of its rectangular, blocky body. \"Return to original directive. Clean table.\" \"…complying.\" Amanda clenched her fists as the robot returned to its duties. A real waitress (or waiter) wouldn't need telling. A human being could be spoken to without resorting to such moronic language. A human being though, needed to be paid. Carpisco…Christ, why'd you do it? Even as the crowd roared in laughter at one of the Brothers' acts, Amanda kept staring. Part of her wanted to grab the automaton by the neck and shove its face in. The other, more rational part held her back – if an android didn't understand the most basic form of humour (or even fart jokes…she'd tried), then it wouldn't understand why she'd shoved its face in, and continue to ask why until the cows came home. Scowling, and still looking at the piece of junk, she kept walking to the exit. \"Um, excuse me but-\" \"What?!\" she yelled, turning to her side. There, she saw a young man. Younger than most of the men in the bar, and not much younger than herself. Brown eyes, short black hair, unlikely to be 21 years old. Maybe he was anticipating that the legal drinking age would be reset to 18 after the election. \"Um, I'm looking for the manager,\" he said. \"My name's Clarke,\" he said. \"I'm looking for the manager and-\" Amanda jabbed her thumb to the door that said \"staff only.\" \"Uh, thanks.\" Amanda took a few more steps to the door. Why the boy wanted to see Barbarta, she didn't know. And- \"Why you here?\" And she wanted to know. And despite a look of surprise, the kid answered. \"Waiter. I heard there was a waiter's job being advertised.\" Amanda stared at him. Then glanced at the android. Then back at Clarke. \"Is that right?\" he asked. \"Hell if I know,\" she murmured, realizing that maybe it wasn't so surprising after all. Carpisco was twenty-two. Obliged to get a full wage. This kid wasn't. Not for another three years at least. So she kept walking. Out of the bar. Into the street, and the humid night. She didn't look back. A/N Update (06/10/2013): Made corrections as per feedback.[Chapter 2] . Elysium: Facing the Music Chapter 2: Accelerando July 16, 2038 One year had passed since Clarke had shaken Barbarta's hand, saying that he wouldn't regret taking him on. In that year, a few things had changed – Chree Marapana had become prime minister. The bar had seen another humanoid added to its wait staff. United Sudan was becoming less united as the northern forces were pushed out of Juba, and the borders had been officially closed to climate refugees from Ethiopia, putting them in the same boat as anyone unfortunate enough to be living in Somalia. The world moved on, and Clarke got glimpses of it every time he glanced at the flat-screen. But after a year, one thing remained the same. Friday nights were hell. \"Hey kid, where's my beer?!\" \"Ni amri yangu tayari bado?\" \"Come on kid, the robots move faster than you!\" Clarke grit his teeth, putting one Tusker and glass on one table, and a plate of chapatti on another. The customers complained as much as his employer did, including the claim that the humanoids were more efficient. A claim that had no basis in reality he reflected, as he swept past Isaac to pick up some more plates from the kitchen counter, sidestepping past Karl to deliver the meal. That Barbarta had named the humanoids only made it worse for him. Names showed individuality. Individuality led to initiative. And too much initiative could see him lose his job. Provided Marapana didn't cost him it indirectly – Clarke liked the idea of raising the minimum wage as much as the next Kenyan, but not if he was put in a position where he had no job to benefit from it. Silently, served a group of customers their beverages and what passed for food. Simultaneously, applause rang out. Huh? And Clarke saw why, as Amanda and her band walked out onto the stage. Clarke picked up a group of empty glasses as the performers bowed and blew kisses to the appreciative crowd. \"Lucky bums,\" he murmured. \"Don't know how good they've got it…they're safe. They're artists . They-\" \"Well, everyone, we've got a special song for you tonight.\" \"Yeah, I bet you have,\" Clarke murmured, placing the glasses on the kitchen counter. He turned around, only to see Isaac looking at him. \"What's your problem?\" he asked. The humanoid kept staring. \"Go on, move it,\" he said. \"Affirmative.\" Clarke leant against a wall as Amanda prattled on. He didn't mind her performances, if only because people consumed less during them, and as such, it gave him a bit of a breather. \"And so, without further ado…\" And while still leaning against the wall, Clarke closed his eyes. For a few minutes, he could let the music wash over him. In the searing heat! In the chill of night! Hiding and fleeing, From the firefights! Clarke raised an eyebrow – this was heavier stuff than he was used to from her. In the raging heat, of the northern war, Where we don't know what we're fighting for, I've only got one single thing to say! Clarke leant forward. Stand back, we're breaking down the borders, Breaking down the borders' bars! But know this, don't us you diss, Cause we still bear our golden star! And he leant back. Star? Borders? The crowd was cheering as the band entered the chorus, but that wasn't necessarily because of the lyrics. Certainly the melody itself was enough to keep him interested, even as Isaac walked past him with some glasses. Maybe he had the right idea, he thought. On the other hand, no-one would be ordering as the song was played, so he kept listening. And staring. Looking at Amanda. It wasn't the first time, and she looked the same as she always had – brown skin, curly black hair not too dissimilar from his own, but with something different. Something…out of Africa, almost. Maybe it was the light, but- \"Hey kid, I don't pay you to lounge around.\" Shit! Clarke stood up straight, nearly knocking down Karl as he brought some dishes to the kitchen. A robot he couldn't care less about right now, as Barbarta stood in front of him. His fat more like muscle, and his eyes like a cheetah's. \"I'm sorry sir,\" Clarke said, staring around the bar, trying to find a plate or glass he could take to show he could do the job better than the humanoids. \"I…um…\" \"Ah relax kid,\" Barbarta exclaimed, slapping his employee on the shoulder. \"Music's playing, ya know? Gotta let it move ya.\" \"Um, sure.\" Clarke struggled to find the right words. Words that wouldn't touch on how humanoids didn't listen to music, and would keep working even as Amanda let more music 'flow.' So take a good hard look, when you make blood flow, Cause soon or late, you've got to go, We'll send you screaming back into the night! Amanda let out a scream herself, and the crowd cheered. Clarke glanced at Barbarta, a large grin on his face. \"Great girl, eh?\" he asked. \"Gotten much better over the last year.\" \"If you say so.\" \"Ah, where you been, Clarkie?\" the bar's owner asked. He let out a belch, his breath reeking of alcohol. \"She's gone political, ya know? Whole Sudan business?\" \"Sudan?\" \"Golden star? Firefights?\" Barbarta let out another belch. \"Didn't she ever tell you 'bout her background?\" \"No sir,\" Clarke said, desperately wishing the song would just end so he could get on with his job – a preferable alternative to spending more time with his boss. \"We haven't talked much.\" \"Golden star man, old South Sudan flag! Still used by the rebels last I heard!\" He let out another belch, grabbed a bottle from a tray carried by Isaac, and drowned the remnants of the grog. \"Poor girl. Came here back in thirty two.\" \"When Sudan was 'united,'\" Clarke murmured, casting his mind back six years, and trying to remember one of the few times he caught a glimpse of a TV back then. \"So to speak.\" \"Yeah. Lost her dad. Been working here since.\" \"And her mother?\" \"Never knew 'er,\" Barbarta said, scooping up a piece of chapatti. \"Some European whore who wanted her daughter to know 'er father before she left the country. Well, that worked well when the war flared up.\" Clarke turned away from his boss. It was bad enough that he was filling his face with someone else's food, but he didn't want to hear such language. He wanted to hear language of another kind. And see something different. Whoo! Only it was too late. Song was over. A song that Clarke realized must have been spurred by the violence to the north. If music was the language of the soul, Amanda had been pouring hers out over the last three minutes, and he hadn't even realized it. He- \"Well, come on kid,\" Barbarta said, slapping his shoulder again. \"Back to work.\" Clarke walked towards the stage as Amanda and her band stepped down. \"Amanda!\" She didn't seem to hear him, but he kept walking anyway. He knew the routine. She'd get her money and leave. And he wasn't going to leave until past midnight. \"Amanda!\" She heard him this time and to Clarke's gratitude, held in place as he reached her. \"That,\" he breathed, \"that was-\" \"Do I know you?\" she asked. \"Um…\" \"Oh that's right, Clarke. Only bona fide human waiter we still have.\" Clarke smiled. Not because of the comment itself, but because given the look on her face, Amanda seemed to have the same sentiments about humanoids that he did. \"Yeah, um…yeah,\" he said. \"I mean…just wanted to say, that was…your song…\" \"Come on kid, you've been here for a year, you must have heard other stuff,\" she said. \"Well, yeah, but-\" \"Look, I gotta go,\" she said. \"But hey, it's nice to talk.\" Clarke nodded and let her pass. It was nice to talk indeed. And listen. And watch. To face the music.[Chapter 3] . Elysium: Facing the Music Chapter 3: Cadence June 20, 2039 Amanda was singing, but Clarke wasn't facing her music. He wasn't even in the same room as her. He could hear the sounds, even some of the words, but most of it was muffled. And it was only as Barbarta opened the door to his office, the same office Clarke was sitting in, that he caught a glimpse of them; Times and tough, and times are hard, Deep down we know it's wrong. But let's all stand together now, Cause together, we are strong. And the door closed, drowning out Amanda's voice. Soon, the only sound in the room was Barbarta sitting down on his chair. A sound that Clarke noticed had gotten slightly louder in accordance with the man's increase in weight over the past year. \"So…am I here for a reason?\" the waiter asked. \"Or do you want to spare me from the music?\" Barbarta didn't answer. He instead took out a piece of paper and started writing on it. \"Um, just wondering,\" Clarke continued. \"I mean, music's on, but once it's off, well, you know…\" Barbarta kept writing. The sound of the pen managed to be even louder than Amanda's muffled lyrics. \"Hey! Mimi kuzungumza na wewe!\" \"Here,\" Barbarta said, turning the paper around to face Clarke. \"Sign here please.\" Clarke did so on instinct. It was only after his signature was there that he saw what lay above it. \"Termination?\" he whispered. He glanced up at Barbarta. \"You're-\" \"Terminating your employment, yes,\" the man said. He took the pen and put it in a jar filled with similar stationary. \"You'll get your final payment next week.\" He got up. Slowly, as he tried to move his bulk out of the chair. In contrast, Clarke shot up straight, slamming his hands against the table. \"You're firing me,\" he whispered. \"Two fucking years and you're firing me.\" \"With the minimum wage, I can't afford not to,\" his employer grunted, finally getting to his feet. \"Besides, the 'noids are doing just fine on their own.\" \"They're robots!\" \"Well then,\" Barbarta whispered. \"That's an advantage, ain't it? Robots don't talk back. Robots do what they're told. And robots know when to leave.\" Clarke just stood there, even as Barbarta shoved past him. He opened the door, the sound of applause drifting into his office. Clarke clenched his fists – it was as if every one of those clapping hands had grabbed his heart and was pulling on it. \"Damn it,\" he whispered. He glanced at the paper, as bereft of personality as Barbarta was of humanity. \"God fucking dammit.\" He stormed out. He didn't want to be here. Not without being paid at least. He wanted to head home, or at least to what amounted as a home in Kibera. To get back to his shack, see exactly how much money he'd accumulated over his two years of working here, and use it to get drunk. Or get a prostitute. Maybe both. \"Clarke?\" He kept walking. Shoving past Isaac. Knocking a glass out of Karl's hands and sneering as the humanoid was forced to pick it up. \"Clarke?\" And keep walking onwards as he decided not to kick the humanoid in its featureless face. Or \"noid,\" as Barbarta called it. \"Clarke!\" And turn around at the door that led out into Nairobi's streets. To see Amanda walking up to him. \"Where you off to?\" she asked. \"Your shift over or something?\" Clarke held up the termination notice. \"Oh.\" Amanda took it, glancing at the document before glancing up at him. \"I…I'm so sorry.\" \"Forget it. Ever since minimum wage was increased, it was only a matter of time\" Clarke took the document back. \"And Barbarta's an arsehole.\" \"Um…\" Amanda smiled. \"Okay. That's true. But I mean…well-\" \"Come on, I know the history of this joint. I know you've worked here long enough to see other people be replaced by the noids.\" \"Noids?\" \"Humanoids. Barbarta's pet name for Asimov's demonspawn.\" Amanda stared at him. \"Y'know, Isaac Asimov? Sci-fi guy? Laws of robotics?\" Amanda kept staring. \"Never mind. I don't expect many people to know it.\" \"No, I do know it,\" she said. \"I just didn't expect you to.\" \"And what's that supposed to mean?\" \"Well, given your background, I...\" She trailed off. \"Sorry, I didn't mean-\" \"No, I bet you didn't.\" Clarke slammed the doors open. He would have walked through them if Amanda didn't grab him by the wrist. \"Come on,\" she said. \"One for the road, eh?\" The next few seconds were a blur as Clarke was led to a table. He just sat there as the Baboon Brothers did their act – a comedy duo who satirized politics, the economy, life in general, and more politics. Clarke tuned them out in his mind – he wasn't in the mood for satire when life itself seemed to have set him up as the punchline. \"Here,\" Amanda said, putting a bottle of Uganda Waragi in front of him. \"Kunywa hadi.\" Clarke grabbed the bottle and started drinking. Matching his mood, the drink was bitter. \"Look, I know this sucks, alright?\" Amanda said. \"But if you-\" \"Don't, alright?\" Clarke asked, setting the bottle down on the table. \"Don't do the 'it could be worse' routine, or 'I know how this feels.'\" \"What makes you think I don't know?\" \"Well, I know you come from Sudan, and that you likely came here as a refugee, your mother's dead, and your father…\" He shrugged. \"Hell if I know.\" Laughter rippled through the crowd as one of the brothers imitated Marapana. It was laughter that Amanda didn't share. If anything, she seemed but a step away of using her own bottle as a weapon. \"How'd you know this?\" she whispered. \"I never told you.\" \"Barbarta. One year ago.\" Clarke took another swig of the gin. \"Blame him, not me.\" \"Blame? You think this is about blame?\" \"No, I think you're pissed like me, only for different reasons. I think that you sing about what's going on to the north, and how tough life is here, is that it's your own way of compensating.\" \"And you?\" she snapped. \"I suppose reading books makes you think you're more than a gutter rat from Kibera who's going to have to head back there.\" \"No, I think reading books is a good way for entertainment when I can't get my I-pad working.\" He shrugged. \"Hard to tell what's cheaper nowadays.\" The two sat on the table as more laughter rippled through the crowd. Clarke nursed his gin. Amanda had somehow finished her own before him and handed it over to Isaac. Or Karl. He was past caring at this point. \"My father crossed the border with me,\" Amanda said suddenly. \"Hm?\" \"The border was more fluid back then. Families got priority.\" She reached forward and grabbed Clarke's gin and drunk the rest herself. \"We lived in Bomet originally, before he came down with malaria.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Clarke murmured. \"Yeah, well, it happens. Planet's warming up, I suppose malaria's to be expected.\" She put the bottle to her lips again, only to put it down again after realizing that it was empty. \"So, anyway, found I could sing, formed a band, got a job here. And unless humanoids make better singers than us meatbags, guess I'm set.\" \"Yeah,\" Clarke sighed. \"Guess you are.\" The two sat there. In silence. Watching the act. Hearing the laughter. \"Look, I should go,\" Clarke said eventually. \"Huh?\" \"You'll perform again tomorrow. People will face your music. And me…\" He rubbed his eyes, feeling two years of late-night work catch up on him, \"I've got to face my own.\" He went to leave. Only Amanda grabbed his hand, keeping it on the table. He looked at her. She looked back. \"Just saying,\" she whispered, \"you don't have to face the music alone.\"[Chapter 4] . Elysium: Facing the Music Chapter 4: Duet December 26, 2040 \"And welcome back to Kenya Now, I'm your host, Frank Knight. With me now is ArmaDyne spokesperson Abraham Brooks, and analyst Jabala al-Hashemi, both of them here to discuss the approval to deploy peacekeeping humanoid units into United Sudan. A move that has stirred some controversy within the country and the African Union as a whole.\" Amanda grunted. Her pillow wasn't feeling talkative however, and kept silent. Unlike the TV that hung off her bedroom wall, as pundits proved that they had nothing better to do on Boxing Day. \"And remember,\" she heard Brooks say, \"the deployment of peacekeeping humanoids isn't without precedent. We all remember the Pyongyang Intervention.\" \"Yes, we do,\" Hashemi said. \"And what a fine mess that was.\" Amanda grunted again before swinging over across the bed. It felt bigger than she remembered. Then again, Clarke had been sleeping in it on and off the past year as he bounced from one job to the next, while she kept singing at Barbarta's. He must have headed out early, she reasoned. And forgotten to turn the TV off. \"Afghanistan, failed,\" she heard Hashemi say. \"Iraq, failed. Syria, failed. History has shown again and again that this kind of action is doomed to failure.\" \"But Pyongyang-\" \"Was free of such ethnic and religious tensions. If you want another example, just look at Palestine and Israel – nearly a century since the Palestine War, and still no two state solution.\" More arguments erupted throughout the newsroom. Amanda groaned and searched for the remote, a process not helped by her pounding head. She found Christmas cake, underwear and…something else. But not her target \"The point is though,\" she heard Brooks say, \"is that ArmaDyne is not a foreign power. ArmaDyne is a business.\" \"I feel so much better.\" \"You should, because a business needs people to work from, and can employ people locally. We're here at the African Union's request. We're setting up production at Kenya's request.\" \"So you're in the PMC business?\" \"We're in the process of bringing stability to the region and providing jobs as we do so.\" Come on, where's that remote?! \"But if I may say so,\" said Knight, butting in for a second, \"this is without precedent, if we may ignore Pyongyang for a second. Mercenaries and PMC's aren't new, but to set up an economic base due to conflict, and to provide the forces that some analysts are saying would prolong that conflict? Some might call that the institutionalization of war.\" \"Oh come on!\" More arguments erupted. Arguments that were cut off as Amanda finally found the remote and switched the screen off. Finally. And keeping up with her movement, she walked across the room, opening a screen door that led to her balcony. The crisp winter air flooded into the room, but she kept walking, leaning over the railing and beholding Nairobi. Out west was the Central Business District. To the east was Jomo Kenyatta International Airport, at which she could see a strato-carrier taking off as smaller planes headed in. She watched the light of the sun play off its wings, casting its light further into the city's spires. You're out there, are you then Clarke? No Happy Boxing Day? No, 'damn, you make good Christmas Cake?' No thank you for last night, you were amazing when you started to…ah, forget it. Biting her lip, Amanda headed back inside, picking up the remote and turning the TV back on. For a moment, the image displayed the pundits arguing before she changed the channel. News, ads, more ads, a Christmas special that showed an anthropomorphic snowman trying to get a moose and polar bear to back down, before all three of them fell down onto the ice… Silly gits. There's no ice left at the north pole anyway. Still, she kept watching, if only because the premise seemed more interesting than the material on the other channels. Though just as the snowman bent down to pick up his carrot nose, an image appeared in the bottom-right corner of the screen – Incoming Call . On instinct, Amanda accepted it. And on cue, the image of the snowman was replaced by one of Clarke. Quite a happy looking Clarke, she noticed. She could also see that he was out in the city somewhere, an image of what looked like a factory behind him, though the image from his mobile was a bit hazy. An ArmaWorks factory she noticed, judging by the A W image shining from the factory wall. \"Clarke?\" she asked. \"What you-\" \"Celebration time,\" he said. \"Little Christmas present.\" \"Christ…what? Christmas was yesterday, today's Boxing Day, and-\" \"Well, today warrants that,\" he said. \"Check this out.\" The image of Clarke disappeared, and was instead replaced by a wall of text. Data stored on his phone, she supposed. Quickly, she read it. And felt ill. Name: Clarke Kimathi Residence: Embaski, Embaski East, 77 Keru Avenue, Apartment 44A Date of Birth: March 7, 2028 Nationality: Kenyan Confirmation of employment at Industrial Area, South B, ArmaWorks. Role of factory worker. 6 day shift, to begin on January 7, 2041. Monday to Saturday, 8am to 5pm. Entitled to two weeks leave per year, plus public holidays. Signed, Antonio Karekezi 12/26/40 The image disappeared, and was replaced by Clarke's face again. Still beaming. Still happy. \"Well?\" he asked. \"What do you think?\" \"What do I think?\" Amanda whispered. \"What do I think ?!\" \"Um…\" \"Firstly, I think you should have asked me before using my address as your own. Just because I say you're welcome here doesn't mean you get the full run of the place.\" \"Come on, I could hardly list my old shack in-\" \"Secondly, I don't like you slipping off at God knows what hour to apply for another job! I know work's been hard since Barbarta fired you but come on Clarke, at least tell me these things!\" \"First come first serve, Amanda. I couldn't wait-\" \"And thirdly, I mean, come on! ArmaWorks?! Do you have any idea what they do?!\" \"Um, yeah?\" Clarke said. \"Build robots. And…repair robots…\" \"Heaven help me…Clarke, that's ArmaDyne's PMC branch! The one they set up here so they had a base of production to send peacekeepers into Sudan!\" Amanda felt a rush of ice down her spine, images of her childhood momentarily returning. Super-imposed with emotionless killing machines. \"How…\" she trailed off. \"How do you think that would make me feel?\" \"I don't know,\" he whispered. \"Maybe if you talked about it sometimes.\" \"Oh, like how you talked to me about this?!\" \"Amanda, please. It's just a job. I get how you feel about ArmaDyne right now-\" \"Do you?\" \"But we've all gotta eat. I know you've still got your job at Barbarta's, but not everyone is so lucky.\" \"Lucky, right. Another labour drone,\" she sneered at him. \"Happy rest of your life you patz.\" For a moment, something flickered in Clarke's eyes. For a moment, she thought he was going to smash his phone, or something similarly drastic. But as the screen disappeared and the words CONNECTION TERMINATEDappeared, she supposed he'd done the next best thing. Clarke… And thus returned the image of the snowman, moose, and polar bear. All hugging. The snowman saying that they all had to stick together. Ugh. Amanda lay down on the bed, closing her eyes as the credits rolled and some cheery voice informed her that Forsty Mosty's Christmas Connection would be on next. She denied herself the pleasure as she shut the TV off. Maybe the snowman's right. Maybe we do have to stick together… Still, she supposed, if that was the case, she felt like the moose. Proud, independent, but still facing a beast that could tear her throat out. Not that Clarke would ever intentionally hurt her she knew, they'd been in this…arrangement long enough for her to realize that. But bears could be careless. Bears could scratch. And reflecting on how Clarke had joined an industry that would do God-knew what once it started deploying military humanoids up north… She kept lying there, feeling the Christmas spirit slip ever further away. And, she reflected, perhaps Clarke as well.[Chapter 5] . Elysium: Facing the Music Chapter 5: Requiem November 4, 2041 All employees must have identification passes on them at all times. All employees must follow supervisors' instructions. All employees must report any suspicious activity. Right. Anything else? ArmaDyne. We're building a better world. And we're building it with you. Oh. Clarke could barely remember a time where the automated voice didn't warn the factory's employers about the possibility of insurgent attacks, as part of an effort to cripple ArmaWorks's PMC supply. Nor could he remember a time where he had an 8-5 shift rather than the current 8-6 one, as per the increased demand for ArmaWorks's humanoids. But as he looked at his watch, as he saw the minute hand reach the 5:30 mark, he sighed and returned to the task. The same task he'd carried out for the last nine months, and as far as he could tell, he'd carry out for the rest of his life. Gotta call Amanda soon. A task that also included coaching newbies. So he turned to such an individual, the man looking at the rack of humanoids before them, as if he'd never seen them before. Nitwit. \"This, ah, strange, oui?\" he asked \"Do tell,\" Clarke murmured. \"Ah…ah…\" \"Juste dire qu'il!\" Clarke didn't know how someone like Pierre could have got a job at ArmaWorks, since he spoke neither English nor Swahili fluently. Nor did he know how he'd managed to pick up enough French to communicate with the newbie either. But he did know that while his position hadn't formally changed since he'd begun work back in January, he had become an unofficial supervisor of sorts, the type of person who newbies were placed with. And over the last week, that person had been Pierre Rukundo, a twenty-something year old from Rwanda who'd managed to find work in Kenya. \"Come on then,\" Clarke said, screwing in another bolt in the humanoid he was working on. \"What's strange?\" \"Ah, this. We work on…appareil mécanique. They replace us later, oui? Pourquoi travailler?\" Clarke snorted. \"Y'think these guys are gonna take our jobs?\" \"It…possibilité.\" Clarke grunted, pressing a button below the rack that was displaying the humanoids. The one he'd been working on was taken away for painting, and another 'bot took its place. Taking a drill, he handed it to Pierre. The Rwandan might have a problem with the language, but in regards to imitation, Clarke hoped he'd picked up the basics. \"Kid, these are second generation battle-bots,\" he said, watching as Pierre drove in the screws on the humanoid's chest. \"Cheap cannon fodder to deploy in Sudan and whatever other war ArmaWorks gets a contract for. They're not here for labour.\" \"Ah, but they…il s'est rétabli, oui? Replace us?\" \"Yeah, well, maybe robots will take over the world someday and make us their pets or something,\" Clarke said. He took the drill from Pierre, pressed the button, and let another humanoid come towards them. \"But not today.\" He handed the drill back to his co-worker. He seemed to know what he was doing, Clarke thought, at least to the extent that he knew enough to be left alone for a few minutes. It gave him enough time to work over to a terminal, into which he slotted his phone-card. ArmaWorks was willing to give its employees communication rights provided that they pay for them and only use the terminals provided. And after choosing one of the few numbers he'd stored on the card, such a payment was made. \"Come on,\" he whispered. \"Come on…\" CONNECTION MADE Yes! The text was replaced by an image of Amanda's apartment. And of her. \"Clarke,\" she said, her voice stiff. \"Hey,\" he said awkwardly. \"How's things?\" \"Fine.\" \"Um…er…\" \"Clarke, things are fine. I'm fine. You're ruining that feeling of fineness by bothering me.\" Clarke sighed. \"Come on Amanda, I know you have to be at the bar soon. You could at least try talking to me. Especially since Barbarta's no longer running it.\" \"What's there to talk about? You do your job, I do mine, we pretend there's anything to actually talk about.\" \"Amanda-\" \"No Clarke,\" she snapped. \"I've had it. You want to work for ArmaWorks, fine. You want to build death machines, fine. But don't drag me into it.\" Clarke didn't get a chance to speak. Not before the image disappeared and was replaced by the words CONNECTION TERMINATED . Automatically, his phone-card popped out of the slot. For a moment, he stood there. A moment later, he pocketed the phone card. And not automatically, he sat down against the wall on which the terminal was mounted on, spinning the phone-card through his fingers. \"Laana!\" he exclaimed suddenly. \"Umwagaji damu kuzimu!\" \"Eh, pardon?\" Clarke looked up. Pierre was above him. \"Qu'est-ce que vous avez dit?\" Clarke glared at him as he put the phone-card back in his pocket. \"None of your business.\" Pierre fell silent, but the glare remained. What would the prat know, he wondered? What would Amanda know of doing a job because you had to, not because you wanted to? Why, he wondered, was he still calling her after nearly a year of working in a job she despised? \"Hey Pierre,\" Clarke murmured, \"you got a girlfriend?\" \"Pardon?\" \"Girlfriend. Ah…petite.\" He made motions around his chest. \"Bosoms, you know?\" \"Ah, no. Je voudrais que les gars, vous savez?\" Je voudrais…oh, Clarke thought. Right. Guys. It didn't bother him. And nosy questions and lack of experience aside, he supposed Pierre didn't bother him too much either. He did his job, he seemed to be getting better at it, and as the six o'clock alarm sounded, he could see that Pierre had finished the job, ensuring that they wouldn't need to stay overtime. \"Hey guys.\" And apparently, neither did Matobo. Matobo was a security guard. An individual who looked the part of being big and muscular, but never acted like one. Clarke liked him. Mostly. But if this was going to turn into some pep talk on everything from Earth to Elysium's construction, he wasn't interested. \"Look,\" Clarke said. \"I just want to finish this and get home, okay?\" \"Sure.\" Matabo held out a scanner. \"After your passes are scanned.\" \"Don't we do that after we sign out?\" Matobo snorted. \"This factory employs three-hundred workers Clarke. I'd rather get a head-start.\" \"Oh. Sawa basi.\" Pierre's card was handed in first. A second later, Clarke did the same. \"You sure this is okay?\" Clarke asked. \"I mean, won't we be logged out early or something?\" \"I wouldn't worry,\" the security guard answered, handing the factory worker his card back. \"Honestly, I think getting a head-start puts the bosses at ease.\" \"Why?\" \"Catches any insider unawares. Bit of a shakeup to routine.\" He shrugged. \"Hell if I know. And hell if I care.\" Clarke frowned – if Matabo was cutting corners, he didn't want to be cut in turn. But it was too late now, he supposed. He looked at Pierre as the security guard walked away. \"Finish up on these,\" he said, gesturing to the humanoids. \"I'm off.\" \"Pardon?\" \"You,\" he said, pointing at his co-worker, then at the robots. \"La fin, alright?\" \"Ah…oui.\" Clarke started walking. Matabo was being a dick, he reflected, and now he was too. Sooner or later, Pierre would know enough English or Swahili to be a dick as well. But that wasn't going to happen today. And of what was left of today, he didn't want to spend here. Right. And home's so much better. \"Hey Clarke, you leaving?\" Least Amanda isn't there to be a dick to you? \"Hey, Clarke!\" \"What?!\" He spun around, facing another worker. Mohr, if he remembered his name correctly. \"You leaving?\" the man asked again. \"Shift doesn't end for another half-hour.\" \"Eh, fuck the shift.\" Clarke raised a finger. \"Fuck 'em all, right?!\" \"Ah, yeah,\" he replied. \"Fuck 'em all!\" He raised both his fingers up to the manager's office that overlooked the factory floor, his co-workers sniggering. \"Kutomba 'em wote!\" Yeah, that'll work. Clarke kept walking. Why would anyone bother infiltrating this place, he wondered? There were too many arseholes to contend with. \"Fuck you!\" Case in point being Mohr. Or whatever his name was. \"Fuck!\" Okay, you can tone it down you moron, you're gonna get us- He heard Mohr shout. Then scream. He also heard the sound of gunfire. Shit! Clarke dived down behind a wall of humanoids. Shit shit shit! Everyone was shouting. Screaming. Their specific words drowned out by the sound of gunfire. Up at the roof, he could see men rappelling down through the windows, or even entering through holes in the room they'd made. Boom! Like the hole that had just been made in one of the factory walls. The one that more men were filling in through. Shit! Clarke ducked down behind one of the assembly lines, listening to the sounds of gunfire and screams. Sudanese insurgents, he reasoned, here to take out one of the hubs of production that was leading to the deaths of so many of their own. Clarke supposed he couldn't blame them…or at least he couldn't if they were only here to shut down production. He- Move! Keeping low, he started doing that as fast as he could. The exit was about fifty metres away. He- Matabo! Saw the man, gesturing to some workers to move. He saw him reach for his pistol. He saw him spasm as blood erupted from his chest. He saw him fall onto the factory floor, lying in a pool of blood. Oh my God… He saw soldiers approach the body. He saw how…normal, they looked. Normal clothes. Normal faces. Normal in every regard but for the guns they carried, and how one nudged Matabo with his boot before moving on. And he saw, much to his relief, that they hadn't glanced his way. Gotta move gotta move gotta move… But he didn't. He drew out his phone, hoping that the factory's jammer had been shut down. NO SERVICE PROVIDED IN THIS AREA. Shit! He pocketed the device. He drew his head up a bit, seeing more gunfire, and the humanoids being destroyed through remote detonations. If any of the workers were still alive, he couldn't see them. \"Hal tatakalm?!\" But spinning around, he could see a man standing over him, as he remained crouched down. With a shotgun. Pointed at him. \"Hal tatakalm?!\" \"I…I don't…\" \"Kalama!\" \"Please…\" Clarke begged, reflecting that the words could be Arabic, but if they were, he had no chance of communication. \"I…can't understand…Sielewi wewe.\" Clarke met the man's eyes. He saw nothing. No hatred, no pity, nothing . What he saw next was the man raise his shotgun. About to fire. \"Please, I don't want to-\" The gun fired. The soldier fell down also, a bullet in his skull. And Clarke screamed as shrapnel tore into his right leg. \"God!\" he screamed, falling down. \"Ah! Ahhh!\" He could hear more gunfire. A lot more gunfire. And sirens. All employees remain calm, droned the loudspeaker. Security forces have arrived to contain the situation. No not move until further notice. Clarke screamed. Don't move? I can't bloody move! Gah! He coughed. He cried. He glanced at his leg and screamed as he saw torn muscle and bone. As he saw blood pouring out of the wound. I…I can't… He threw up. \"Oh, God! Help! Help me!\" No-one came. The gunfire continued. The sirens wailed. Clutching the upper part of his leg with one hand, he reached for his phone for the other. Tears pouring down, his vision becoming blurry, he typed a number. Amanda's number. Oh God please work…please… CONNECTION MADE. Finally, the jammer had been deactivated. It- Can't…can't… \"Hello?\" Clarke dropped the phone. He lay down. His leg felt like it was on fire. His chest churned. His vision was almost gone. \"Clarke?\" she asked. \"God dammit is…is that gunfire ?!\" \"I'm sorry…\" he rasped. \"You were right…\" \"Clarke?\" she asked, her voice quivering. \"What's happening? Are you alright?\" \"So…sorry…right…\" \"Clarke!\" \"Right…sorry…\" \"Tell me!\" she sobbed. \"Clarke, what happened?\" \"I…you…\" He heard Amanda say something. He heard voices behind him. For a moment, he felt hands on his shoulders. After that, he felt nothing. A moment later, he saw nothing as well. A/N This was perhaps the most difficult chapter for me to write in the story. Partly because it was around this time that I did a rehash of the original plot, length, and characterization. Partly because it involved action, which has always been an Achilles heel for me. Still, managed to get through it.[Chapter 6] . Elysium: Facing the Music Chapter 6: Minuet June 2, 2042 \"This, ah, once called, Barbarta's Bar?\" \"Oui.\" \"And now?\" \"And now,\" Clarke said, picking up a Tuskers, \"I'm free to come in here and not resist the urge to punch the bastard in the face.\" Pierre laughed and Clarke grinned, even as his left hand shook in nervousness, while his right clamped around the bottle harder than was needed. After taking a swill of the liquor, he put it down and moved his hand to his right leg, rubbing its metal surface. \"It still hurt?\" Pierre asked. \"Sometimes,\" Clarke said, moving his hand to the boundary where the metal met flesh, massaging both sides. He glanced at one of the humanoids working in the bar, reminding him of the days of Isaac and Karl. He looked back at Pierre. \"But hey, I appreciate it. Pain reminds me I'm still human.\" Pierre chucked. \"Poor liar, mes amies.\" \"What are friends for?\" Clarke asked, taking another sip of his beverage. \"What's a few lies between us?\" Pierre shrugged. Clarke smiled for a moment, before returning his hand to his leg. Nerves, Clarke thought. In more ways than one. Silence descended between the two men, standing in contrast to the din that filled the bar. Up on the stage, the Baboon Brothers did their act, parodying Marapana's defeat to now Prime Minister Nakaru a few months back. Unlike Barbarta, who'd been found in a gutter with the condition of being dead last year, they were still in business. Like Amanda still, who'd delivered her latest performance and was with her band backstage. Taking another sip of the Tuskers, Clarke wondered if he could count himself as being in business as well. \"Is it strange?\" Pierre asked suddenly. Clarke turned away from the stage; \"what?\" \"Being back here. This…les institutions, oui?\" \"Not as strange as hearing you speak fluent English.\" \"And it not like you to avoid truth,\" Pierre said. He leaned over the table. \"Your life. Your leg. It hurt, more ways than one?\" \"Don't start Pierre,\" Clarke muttered. \"I'm here for a reason tonight. Just play along.\" \"Ah, oui. Of course, monsieur.\" Clarke sighed and closed his eyes, even as the bar's audience roared with laughter at the Brothers' jokes. He rubbed his leg again. Phantom pain, the ArmaDyne shrinks had called it. Something that his compensation package would cover, they said. Seven months on, and both the money and pain remained. \"Is it…good?\" Pierre asked. \"Living with Amanda again?\" \"Oui,\" Clarke answered, still keeping his eyes closed and wondering where Amanda actually was. \"She's…been good to me.\" \"Ah, ah. And-\" \"And the factory?\" Clarke interrupted. \"You instructing newbies?\" \"Ah, pardon?\" \"Instructing. Teaching. Education. You doing well?\" \"Ah, oui. Kagera, he may join me.\" Clarke nodded. Pierre's significant other was still in Ruwanda, still making his own ends meet. Out of Pierre's sight, but not out of mind. Like Amanda was right now, Clarke thought. Opening his eyes again, he looked back at the stage, the Brothers now doing their wrap-up. Christ, where is she? If she…if I screw up…oh, God, don't screw up… \"Hey Clarke.\" \"Gah!\" Clarke stood straight with a start, almost jumping out of his chair. To his silent gratitude, he didn't – partly because he risked losing his leg, partly because Amanda was standing there before him, alongside another man. \"Hey,\" he said, mainly to Amanda. \"Where you been?\" Shit, that was diplomatic. \"With me, finalizing last week's pay,\" the man said. \"Not that she needs it,\" he added, his tone low. \"Yeah, well…\" Clarke trailed off, giving Amanda's hand a squeeze with his own. \"She's still the bread winner.\" \"Hmm,\" the man said, unconvinced. He held out a hand. \"Kirika Kibaki. Miss Sarabi's boss.\" \"And owner, I take it,\" Clarke added. \"See you kept the name.\" \"The Liquid Rose? Yes, I kept the name.\" Kibaki's eyes narrowed. \"But thankfully the former owner's name is already being forgotten.\" Clarke met the man's gaze. He looked African, and with his slim build, the opposite of Barbarta physically at least. But he didn't sound African, or speak African, or did anything to change his impression that his acquisition of the bar came from wealth alone. Heck, he even wore a tie – something that Barbarta would never do, especially in the heat of summer. \"Nasty business, I heard,\" Kibaki continued. \"With what happened at the factory, and all that.\" \"Yeah, well…\" Clarke trailed off, glancing at Amanda, \"maybe I got what I had coming to me.\" \"Ended the war though, didn't it? Sudan's actually united again.\" He looked at Pierre. \"And keeping your friends at work?\" \"Oui, monsieur,\" Pierre murmured. \"Clarke took Amanda's hand again, intertwining his fingers with hers, trying to steady his nerves. \"It ain't over for me,\" he added. \"I'm using the money to take online courses. I'm thinking of working from home.\" \"In-\" \"In my apartment,\" Amanda said. She leant down and kissed Clarke on the forehead. \"Losing his leg…well, it gave our relationship a…kick.\" Pierre snorted. Kibaki smiled. Behind them, the crowd clapped as the Baboon Brothers filed off the stage. \"Well, I'll leave you to it then,\" Kibaki said. He patted Clarke on the shoulder. \"Habari ya jioni, Mister Kimathi.\" Clarke watched him go over to his office. The same office that Barbarta once had, he reflected. The one where, three years ago, he'd been terminated. Some things never change I guess, Clarke thought, rubbing his leg. \"So,\" Amanda asked both men. \"Drinks? Shots? What about you Pierre?\" The Rwandan shrugged. Amanda turned to face Clarke. He faced her in turn. Her face, he thought, still like it was when he saw it half a decade ago. A little older, her hair a little longer, her eyes a little wiser, but otherwise, the same face. The same person. \"Clarke?\" And that was why he stood up. That was why, smiling at her, he started hobbling over to the stage. \"Clarke?\" He grit his teeth as pain shot through his thigh. He remembered reading an article by a Doctor Wesley a few months back, that human limb regeneration technology could be achieved within the century. If that was going to be the case, Clarke thought, it was technology that couldn't come soon enough. Not like that bloody ringworld that was still being built, its construction moving about as fast as a tectonic plate. Breathing heavily, Clarke made it to the stage. Breathing heavily, he cast his gaze around the bar, most of its patrons minding their own business bar Amanda and Pierre. Steadying his breath, he tapped the microphone. \"Um, testing?\" he asked. \"Er, is this thing on?\" The crowd looked up. The humanoids continued about their business. Through the gloom, he could see Amanda mouth 'what are you doing?' What indeed? \"Um, yeah,\" he said. \"My name's Clarke, and, er, I used to work here. In the old days. In…\" He trailed off, seeing Kibaki walk out of his office. \"In days where things were different. When I had a boss who fired me on the spot. When I had a good leg. When I could hold more liquor.\" Soft laughter rippled throughout the crowd. Glancing at Kibaki, Clarke ascertained from his lack of movement that he was willing to give him the benefit of the doubt for the moment.. And Amanda…he smiled. She smiled. She seemed willing to give him that benefit as well. \"Y'know, it's funny actually,\" he said. \"Today's the second of June. And it was on this very date, back in thirty-seven, when I began work here. When I first met a certain lady who entertained you less than an hour ago.\" He cast out a hand towards Amanda. \"The lovely Amanda, here. And her band, of course.\" Clapping rippled throughout the audience. Amanda took an awkward bow. \"You know her from what she sings,\" Clarke continued. \"But I know her for what else she does. For who she is.\" The heads turned back. \"I know her as the person who comforted me when I was fired. I know her as the person who gave me a stable residence. I know her…\" Clarke paused for breath, \"I know her as the person who after I lost my leg, has helped me through everything the world could throw at me. At us. As the person who keeps singing, Keeps smiling. Keeps…well, everything.\" Someone whooped. Some people laughed. His left hand shaking, his right hand rubbing his leg, Clarke steadied his nerves long enough to put his right hand in place, and his left hand in his pocket. \"So, Amanda, I ask you this,\" he said. \"I…\" He fumbled in his pocket, trying to get the object out. \"I…\" Someone sniggered. A few others followed. \"I would like to ask…\" Fighting the pain in his leg, he managed to pull out the object. A small object. A round object. A ringed object. \"Will you marry me?\"[Chapter 7] . Elysium: Facing the Music Chapter 7: Chorus March 28, 2043 She's a rich girl, She don't try to hide it, Diamonds on the soles of her shoes. Amanda smiled as the band played. She smiled as Sotaro played the guitar. As Kodwa played the drums. As Bongani played the keyboard. As her pre-recorded voice came out from the speakers. He's a poor boy, Empty as a pocket, Empty as a pocket with nothing to lose. \"You sure these were the best lyrics?\" Clarke asked. \"You don't like them?\" \"Well, I'm not exactly a poor boy or whatnot.\" \"And why's that?\" Clarke kissed her. \"Because I've got you.\" Smiling even brighter, Amanda kissed him back. Not the easiest thing to do in the midst of a dance session, but somehow she managed. It had been a hectic nine months, she reflected, even as she and Clarke danced as best as his prosthetic leg would allow. She supposed the same could be said of any wedding that didn't involve a shotgun, alcohol, or some combination thereof. But…she closed her eyes, letting her ears do her seeing for her. There was no reason to suppose anything. Which, she admitted, might have been a supposition in itself. \"Ow!\" she exclaimed, feeling something land on her toes. \"Sorry,\" Clarke said. \"You know how it is.\" \"Well just watch yourself. Honestly, that foot of yours weighs a tonne.\" \"The leg, actually. Foot's only part of it.\" Still wincing, Amanda let the pain fade away. Clarke had gotten used to his leg more over the last nine months, enough to walk on it without pain flaring up. But that hadn't helped with his dancing ability, she realized. Out of the corner of her left eye, she could see Pierre with Kagera, his partner having finally migrated to Kenya. Out of the corner of her right, she could see Kibaki with one of the bridesmaids, clearly enjoying himself. Considering that he'd hosted the reception in the bar free of charge, she supposed she didn't begrudge him. And while you'll find it tough up there, It's still tough below. Put your feet back on the ground, Find where some grass still grows. Anymore than she could begrudge the use of her old track. If anything, she welcomed it. \"Remember this?\" she whispered, leaning into Clarke as they danced, her husband running his hand through her hair. \"Song I sang when you first showed up?\" \"Um…\" ' Cause we're all rooting for you, We look up to the skies. When the moon is high at night, And when the sun, does rise. Clarke smiled. \"Oh. Right. Little tribute to Elysium. Back when Barbarta was still around.\" Amanda closed her eyes, letting music and memory wash over her. So light a fire, come on down, Come, light up my life. Cause we're all down here waiting for, A bit of your delight. Delight, Amanda reflected, listening to the words and opening her eyes again. Six years. Six rough, on and off, hectic, frantic, rewardingyears. Still dancing slowly as per the song's tempo, she felt delight course through her, as per the song's words. Delight at what had been. Delight at was now. Delight at what the years would bring. As she worked here. As Clarke worked from home, providing admin support for Karakezi and the ArmaWorks branch. Delight at…at… \"You okay?\" Clarke asked. \"You seem nervous.\" Amanda laughed. \"I am nervous,\" she said, meeting her husband's eyes. \"I've just got married.\" \"Yeah, but the nervousness usually comes before that,\" Clarke said. \"Unless there's something else…\" We're all still here waiting for you, I'm singing, that's the truth. A tiny sample of your wonder, To be under my roof. \"There is something else,\" Amanda whispered. \"Something I only learnt a week ago. Something…well, it's a truth. Below our roof.\" \"You an oracle or something?\" Clarke asked, clearly listening to the lyrics. \"Cause if you are…\" \"No, I'm not an oracle But right now, I look set to be a future mother.\" Clarke stopped dancing. The music kept playing. Time seemed to slow. \"I'm pregnant, Clarke,\" Amanda said. \"I'm…well…I'm…\" Clarke kissed her. Deeply. Passionately. Lovingly. And Amanda knew who she was – Mrs Amanda Kimathi. Future mother. Husband of Clarke. And right now, and for the rest of her life, the luckiest woman alive. Soon, they sat down. Together. Facing the music.[Chapter 8] . Elysium: Facing the Music Chapter 8: Coda October 26, 2044 Oh kuja yu! Clarke knew that smell. It was the smell that prompted him to turn away from his laptop, currently displaying the black and white of the document he was working on. It was the smell that made his nose wrinkle up. It was the smell that guided him to Daniel's cot, and was the smell that was emanating from his son's diaper. Stay at home dads, Clarke thought, staring at the infant. The new wave of the 21 st century. Actually, it wasn't that new, Clarke reflected. And even if it was, it wasn't going to solve Daniel's toilet problem. Not that his son seemed to think he had a problem. He just lay back, staring up at his father in childish wonder, as only a child could. A nine month old child, in his case. \"Come on then,\" Clarke said. \"Diaper time.\" Daniel giggled. Clarke winced as he picked his son up, carrying him over to the nearby bench that separated the kitchen from the apartment's sitting area. Yet even if his son didn't see it, he smiled himself. And what his son also didn't see, as he laid him on the bench and started running water from the tap, was him turn the TV on. Because if this was a break from his paid work for work of another kind, he wanted to make the most of it. \"And welcome back to Kenya Now, I'm your host, Frank Knight. With me now is ArmaDyne spokesperson Abraham Brooks, here to discuss the latest humanoid news. For human ears of course.\" Clarke raised an eyebrow, feeling a sense of déjà vu. But he kept working anyway. Diaper off, toilet paper ready, the lot. \"ArmaDyne has always strove to take that next big leap in the scientific fields,\" he heard Brooks say. \"And at our offices in Los Angeles, one of those leaps has been taken.\" \"Ah, don't you worry Dave,\" Clarke said, holding his son still as he went through what Amanda called \"housework.\" \"You'll be taking leaps of your own someday.\" \"I'm here to tell you that finally, after nearly a century since its conception, and two decades of our own work, ArmaDyne has finally created a humanoid capable of passing the Turing test.\" Clarke raised an eyebrow – Turing test. The term sounded familiar. Maybe Karekezi had used it. But he kept working anyway. \"Wish I had a humanoid right now.\" Daniel looked up at him. \"You heard me.\" \"The Turing test,\" he heard Brooks explain as he fitted a new diaper onto his son, is a test of a machine's ability to exhibit intelligent behaviour equivalent to, or indistinguishable from, that of a human. And today, our humanoids have finally achieved that. Today, we can stand secure in the knowledge that machine has equalled Man. Not bloody likely. \"Isn't that a bit…extravagant?\" he heard Knight ask. \"I mean, we can always tell when a robot is a robot.\" \"Of course. But from now on, only by physical appearance. Humanoid police, humanoid attendants, humanoids…well, anything a human can do, a humanoid can now do as well. Better even.\" Clarke snorted. Daniel let out a burp. \"Get it out,\" Clarke said, picking his son up and taking him back to the cot. \"Get it all out.\" Daniel burped again. \"Yeah, that's the spirit.\" Clarke placed Daniel down in the cot. His ears remained active as Knight started taking calls, the first one asking the obvious question of what more advanced robots would mean for humans in terms of jobs, freedom, and even survival of the human race in the event of a robot apocalypse. Brooks, as he expected, deflected the question with his rhetoric. \"Dada?\" \"Yeah, that's me,\" Clarke smiled. \"Dada. Here while mama's gone.\" \"Dada?\" And the smile faded. Working from home, he got to see more of his son in a day than Amanda did in a week. Kibaki had her working the day now at one of his larger establishments, the type that had the numbers and clout to warrant singers during the day. It meant increased pay, but was hell on family interaction. \"And rest assured, ArmaDyne will continue to-\" Clarke shut the TV off. Something flickered in Daniel's eyes. His mother's eyes. \"Don't worry son,\" Clarke said. \"Nothing worth listening to.\" \"Nuh…nuh…\" \"Nuh-uh. That's right.\" Daniel burped again. Stretching for a moment, Clarke made his way back to his desk chair. He lay against it. Rubbing his leg, he detached his prosthetic, rubbing the old stump. The ghost pain was mostly gone, but itches still occurred. \"L…lag…\" \"Leg,\" Clarke said, pointing to the prosthetic on the floor, Daniel sitting up in his cot to stare at it. \"Dada's leg.\" \"D…d'leg.\" Sighing, Clarke closed his eyes and leant back in his chair. He remembered when he'd shown up at Barbarta's bar, how he'd seen humanoids then, and two years later, lost his job to those very robots. Perhaps two years from now he'd lose his job again. Perhaps even further into the future, his son would grow up in a world where only the best and brightest could find work, the rest replaced by metal drones which, Turing test be damned, were unhuman and always would be. \"Grow up fast kid,\" Clarke murmured, watching his son. \"Or…y'know what, don't. Let me enjoy it. And…enjoy it yourself.\" He rubbed his eyes. \"Do that for me, okay?\" Daniel didn't answer. Eight years, Clarke reflected. Eight years of this. Eight years ago, he couldn't imagine ever having a home like this, let alone working from it. Eight years ago, he couldn't have imagined meeting someone who would become his wife. Eight years ago, he couldn't have imagined losing his leg…yet gaining so much. \"Dada?\" \"Yeah, that's me,\" Clarke said. \"Dada. And mama…she'll be home soon.\" \"Mama!\" Clarke smiled. Eight years, he thought. Eight years ago, he couldn't have imagined any of this. And now, he couldn't imagine losing any of it. And as he re-attached his prosthetic, as he walked over to his son, as he decided the report could wait and a bit of playtime was in order, Clarke Kimathi promised himself, his son, and wife, that he never would lose it. That none of them would. That they would always be there to face the music of life. Together. Always. The End A/N Used to low review rates for multi-chaptered stories by now, so I won't beat around the bush. Anyway, thanks to those who reviewed. Anyway, don't have any other Elysium stories on my 'to write' list at this time of writing. Currently working on a StarCraft piece right now for what it's worth. ","Summary":" . Elysium: Facing the Music Chapter 1: Ostinato June 2, 2037 And while you'll find it tough up ther"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Riley's Gang","Author":"ebonytigger","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10862677","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The gang were all upset about Delilah choosing to leave the gang to follow Shadow, Chance and Sassie back home. All they knew was she hadn't returned and now they had other concerns because they knew someone had learned where they were. Someone had seen Sledge returning from trying to persuade Delilah to stay with the gang and not go running off after Chance. Riley suddenly heard voices outside the building he and the others lived in. He heard them approaching the building, talking about a report of dogs hanging around the building. Bando and Spike ran in together shouting \"Uh oh the humans are here, Riley hide!\" Both of them hid as best as they could in the room. Stokey was the only one who didn't make any effort to hide, he was too busy scratching himself. The humans used the metal pole to catch him, he didn't even struggle as it fastened round his neck and he was dragged out. The humans took him down to a van that was waiting outside. They kept coming back after each dog was dragged out until it was just Riley left. Riley thought they were going to leave him so he kept very quiet and still, knowing there was nothing he could do to save his friends. Just as they were on the point of leaving with Bando, they saw Riley hiding because Bando tried to tell him to run. They dragged Bando out, then returned and Riley felt the wire of the metal pole fastening round his neck. He resisted strongly and it took two humans to drag him out and load him into the van. \"Where are they taking us?\" Spike panicked in the van during the journey. The journey was over before any of the others had been able to calm Spike down and answer the question. Within ten minutes, the humans were dragging each of the dogs out and putting them in kennels.[Chapter 2] This story is on hold for the time being due to computer trouble. Sorry. ","Summary":" The gang were all upset about Delilah choosing to leave the gang to follow Shadow, Chance and Sassi"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Homeward Bound III: The Grand Adventure","Author":"Nightspeller","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10204495","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My name is Chance. But I'm pretty sure by now you get the routine. I introduce myself, I tell a short story of what happened before and then I tell a whole new story. But basically, its been some months since our last adventure, when we got lost in that big city with the golden bridge. Our family had one new addition, my mate... Delilah. It took her some time to get adjested to the life of being a pet, since she had been a stray for as long as she could remember. But she learned, especially when she had me as her teacher! ...Well, okay, my friends Shadow and Sassy helped out too, well, mostly Shadow, since Sassy is a cat after all. But regardless... I thought I had faced all that life could throw at me. But now... I'm gonna be experiencing something I never once thought I'd experience... Becoming a father. Yeah, me and Delilah, we're gonna have puppies. I admit it this time, I can't really lie, I'm really nervous. I mean, I never even knew my own parents. I was adopted once before at a younger age then abandoned, then gone to the Bad Place... Now I'm here with the perfect family. And I'm becoming a father. For a while, I was pretty worried about Delilah. She was more vulnerable than ever. She was carrying pups, no, not just any pups, my pups. So... Maybe I kinda became more protective than ever, until I realized nothing bad would happen. I wouldn't allow it, and I knew the rest of the family, even Sassy, as much as she refused to admit it, wouldn't let anything bad befall on my percious Delilah and our unborn pups. But still, one could never be too sure. I've began to take upon myself to really ensure nothing bad came anywhere near the house. Maybe I shouldn't of chased the mailman off before, but hey, I never trusted those guys. Just they look weird, okay? But I've began to tolerate the newer one. Only because it wasn't a mailman, it was a mailwoman. And what can I say? I couldn't do anything to a girl... Minus Sassy, she's a special acception. And time went by, Delilah's belly was getting more and more noticable bigger. She almost looked like she had swallowed a beachball, whole. Not that I'd say that to her, mind you. I have some manners, of course. Again, Sassy being the only acception. I mean come on, she totally asks for it! But I'm getting off track here. As Delilah's due time draws closer, I get more anxious. I want to see my puppies already, and that Delilah can stop being so moody most of the time. I know it isn't completely her fault, Sassy kind of explained that pregnancy can change a female's mood and for once, I didn't think she was lying 'cause trust me, Delilah's attitude did change a bit from the moment we learned she was excepting. And I never seen Bob's face turn so white before, it was like some of my fur, only more white! He must of really been excited when he learned Delilah and I would be having our own puppies. But what can I say? I can't wait for my pups to come. I... I still kind of doubt I can be the best father out there but I swear I'm gonna try my best. As long as I have my family backing me up, what could go wrong, right? Well, trust me, a lot DID go horribly wrong, as usual... Let's begin this story, shall we? Yeah, let's begin the story of a grand adventure that was bigger than anything we could ever except... Here's to trying out a new story~ Don't worry, my Harvest Moon one will be continued but for now, wanted to try doing a story on one of my all time favorite childhood movies. 3[Chapter 2] It was a bright, sunny day. The birds were chirping, butterflies fluttered. Yes, things were nice and calm within the Seaver's home. Yes, months had gone by since the events that ouccured in San Fracisco. But the family were also excepting new members of the family. Yes, Delilah was pregnant with hers and Chance's pups. It came to a shock to the family, especially Bob, but they soon grew excited at the thought of having puppies around. Chance had never felt this nervous in his whole life. He never expected to become a father, but... as time went by, he began to embrace the idea. He can teach his pups the finer things in life. Such as digging in the trash! That'd be a great family activity! Or learning to beg for food from the family. No one could resist puppies begging, right? The more he thought about the possible lessons and bonding, the more eager Chance became at becoming a father. That also caused him to become a bit impatient as well. He often checked up on Delilah, wanting to know when their pups would come. At times, Delilah tolerated Chance's behavior, but other times, her moody nature caused her to chase him away. But he knew she never meant it, Sassy had explained what being pregnant can do to females and from seeing how Delilah could act, he for once believed his feline friend and knew she wasn't lying. During the morning, Chance, as per usual since her pregency was discovered, went to check up on his mate. Delilah lay asleep in a wicker dog bed, with a comfortable bed material for her. It was no doubt the best dog bed the family owned, yet Chance nor Shadow complained, since they slept with their boys. As Chance neared her, Delilah shifted a bit but resumed her sleep. He looked at her swollen belly. How were the puppies doing, he wondered? He was some times allowed to put his nose against her belly and felt them moving. He was very tempted to do that now. Surely Delilah wouldn't mind, right? As his nose came inches from touching his mate's belly, a familiar voice was heard. \"Chance, don't you ever learn? She's going to smack you again.\" Chance knew it was his Himalayan cat companion, Sassy, without having to look. \"But Sassy, I just want to be sure the pups are okay.\" \"As much as your newfound maternal instincts are a big improvement, you know there's such a thing as being too maternal, ya know.\" The cat replied as she jumped onto a nearby table to get a better look at her canine friend. \"Besides, you've got to let Delilah have her space, you know how moody she's been since the whole pregency began.\" Chance sighed. \"Look Sassy, I can't help it. I've never believed I'd become a father, and yet... I am. I've never known my own parents so... I just want to be sure I'll be a good father.\" Sassy scoffed a little. \"Oh come on Chance, you wouldn't be the worse father in the world... Though I worry for the pup's influence.\" It was Chance's turn to scoff. \"I'd be a great influence on them Sassy! They're my pups after all!\" \"That's what worries me. As if we need anymore Chances walking around.\" The cat mumbled, shuddering at the thought of miniature Chances running all the place. One was bad enough. \"It'll be great! We can rip up cloths, dig in the trash, beg and everything!\" Chance said eagerly, not even awknowledging for once that Sassy had insulted him. He couldn't help but feel more excited at the thoughts. However, both pets turned as they heard a groan and Delilah was soon awaken, letting a soft yawn escape her maw. \"Well, good morning sleeping beauty.\" Sassy said, but didn't sound sarcastic for once. Even she knew not to mess with a pregnant female. \"Hello Sassy, Chance.\" Delilah nuzzled her mate, looking as if her moodiness wasn't around for now. Chance nuzzled her back gently. \"How are the pups doing, Delilah?\" \"Oh, being just as active as ever Chance. They're fiesty ones all right.\" Chance had to laugh at that a little. \"Its like they want to come out.\" \"In due time Chance, though I believe the time is getting closer.\" \"How can you tell?\" \"I... don't really know myself. I think its mainly my instincts, ya know? They let me know when it'll be time for the pups to be born. And I want you by my side when they're born.\" Chance nodded, licking his mate. \"I wouldn't miss it for the world.\" Sassy was silent the whole time, but even she had to admit this was touching. Ever since Delilah came to live with them, Chance was a bit more bearable. Though there were times she did miss the old Chance. But perhaps this was for the best, right? Well, she hadn't said anything, but she did also looked forward to the birth like everyone else. Even if it meant putting up with more dogs. But what could she do about it, really? \"Good morning everyone.\" A familiar older voice said and a Golden Retriever came over. Unlike Chance, he had been giving Delilah her much needed space and checked up on her only a few times every day. \"Good morning Shadow.\" The others said. \"How are things?\" Shadow asked as he focused his eyes on Delilah's belly. \"Just fine Shadow, being as active as ever.\" Delilah replied with a chuckle. \"I believe their due date is nearing.\" \"Is that so? Guess I'll have to get used to being called a Grandpa, huh?\" The old dog asked with a small chuckle. \"Probably more toward an Uncle but same difference I suppose.\" Delilah said with a smile. \"And don't forget Aunty Sassy!\" Chance said. \"Me, an aunt toward puppies? Now I've seen everythig.\" Sassy said, but it wasn't in her usual sarcastic tone. \"Looks like Sassy is excited too.\" Shadow commented. \"What? No! Just... someone has to make sure Mr. Father over there doesn't completely ruin them, ya know?\" Sassy said, trying not to show she was indeed eager for the pup's arrival. As the sun began to rise, the family began to awaken as well. Today was a Saturday so the kids wouldn't have to go to school. That meant the kids could hang around the house and pay attention to the pets. Chance especially was looking forward to playing with Jamie. He could use the execrise and give Deliah her space. \"Chance, let's go out and play Frisbee!\" Jaime called. That got Chance's attention. \"Oh boy! I love Frisbee!\" He gave Delilah a nuzzle before he ran off after his owner. \"That Chance... He never changes, does he?\" Delilah asked with a laugh. \"The day Chance changes is the day I admit dogs rule and cats drool.\" Sassy said in her usual sarcastic tone. Yeah, life couldn't be any better for these pets. They had everything they could possibly need and want. And with more on the way, the Seaver's were getting ready for the new additions. Although they had no idea how many would be born, they were getting ready for a decent litter either way. Aside from Jaime going off to play with Chance, the rest of the family had returned from the pet store, unloading several things for the future puppies. \"I wonder if any will look like Chance.\" Peter asked as he helped unload some doggie beds. \"Probably son. It depends.\" Bob held several doggie bowls. \"I just hope they don't torment my poor Sassy. Chance is bad enough.\" Hope said as she made a face. She was carrying some potty training sheets for the pups. \"No need to rush. Delilah still has a ways to go.\" Laura said as she locked up the car after getting some new dog toys. \"The vet said she still has a few more weeks to go.\" The family went inside the house to put the new things away, that way Chance wouldn't get to them. They had to be saved for the puppies, after all. \"Well, didn't they go overboard.\" Sassy said, watching the family. \"They just want to be sure they got enough for the pups, that's all.\" Delilah said. \"They'll be just fine.\" Shadow said. \"Nothing bad will happen.\" If only Shadow knew the future, he would of never uttered those four words. However, no one didn't know what would happen. Not yet, anyways. For now, all they believed was that they were going to have new additions to the family. And that, for once, nothing would go wrong. ","Summary":" My name is Chance. But I'm pretty sure by now you get the routine. I introduce myself, I tell a sho"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Homeward Bound: One Last Incredible Journey","Author":"Marie King","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7696627","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi my name is Chance but of course you probably already know that. I've been with my family now for ten years. My boy Jamie is in his last year of school. Sassy's human Hope married and moved out of state a year ago. Peter Shadow's best friend got married six years ago and left the state too. Ever since then Shadow has become depressed but I of course have been trying my hardest to keep his spirits up. Delilah and I are still together. We had four pups Daisy, Darla, Ralph, and Rance, they are all grown up now and have been adopted by some real good people here in the neighborhood. Laura, Bob ,Jamie Sassy, Shadow, Delilah and I are all set to go on vacation soon to Florida. Given our track record with vacations Shadow is on high alert, but why should he be worried? I mean I've raised four pups, and Delilah has gotten me pretty much mellowed out. He shouldn't be worried about me. If anything I'm worried about him.[Chapter 2] Sassy made her way from the kitchen to Hope's bedroom. Her tail bristled in sadness. I can't believe it's been a year oh Hope I miss you. She thought sadly. Sassy easily jumped from her sitting position on the hard wooden bedroom floor to the bed. She closed her eyes and quickly fell asleep. Within a hour Sassy heard the familiar sounds of her long time housemate Chance. His voice bellowed into the room even through Sassy had shut the door with her right back foot. \"Come on Jamie Boy come get me I'm not that old I know you can catch me!\" Sassy buried herself beneath the soft blankets of the bed trying in vain to block out the boisterous noise of Chance. Twenty minutes later she heard no more shouting or noise from Chance or anyone and soon was sleeping soundly again. However just as she was getting into a deep sleep she heard someone entering Hope's room. Sassy stirred her claws immediately out certain it was Chance and that he wanted to cause trouble. She slipped out form underneath the blankets and shouted annoyed \"Can't you let me get some beauty sleep for once, Chance!\" Sassy was surprised however when she saw not Chance but Shadow. He was laying down at the foot of the bed his head on his paws staring at her with an inquisitive glean in his eyes. Shadow brought his head up and replied politely \"Good afternoon, Sassy.\" Sassy retracted her claws and took a step back she was ashamed and embarrassed. She said mortified \"Shadow, I'm sorry I thought you were Chance, he was outside the door earlier and I thought you were him he usually comes into Hope's room to irritate me.\" Shadow scratched behind his right hear with his right back leg for a few seconds. He shook his head back and forth. Finally after a few moments he replied warmly \"Well you can relax like I said it's only me, how are you this fine afternoon?\" Sassy sat down on the pillow at the front of the bed curling her paws beneath her. She said softly \"Okay I guess I still miss Hope that's why I was in here I feel so much closer to her in here.\" Shadow replied agreeably \"I know how you feel, I go to Peter's old room on occasion I still miss him everyday, that's why I'm very excited for this trip, I can't wait to see him and Thomas.\" Thomas was Peter's four-year-old son. The family was going to go to Florida to meet up with Peter and Hope. It would be the first trip the four pets had since their San Francisco disaster nearly ten years earlier. Sassy started to lick her left paw she said happily \"I can't wait to see Hope!\" Shadow replied warily \"Sassy I have been having this strange funny feeling for a while now.\" Sassy stopped licking her paw. She looked at Shadow and asked concernedly \"What's wrong Shadow?\" Shadow stood up and stretched his body was not fat but extremely lean the years had treated him well. Sassy could see Shadow's age in him, his fur was all but gray it was a fading hue of gold. His eyesight wasn't the best either and sometimes he forgot things. Still he was a very wise and warm dog the same one he had been all years that she had known him. Shadow had finished stretching and replied worriedly \"I'm not sure yet Sassy it's probably nothing just a old dog's paranoia don't worry.\" Sassy quipped sarcastically \"Well whatever is going to go wrong I bet you anything Chance is going to cause it.\" Shadow said dismissively \"Oh Sassy please Chance has never caused any real problems.\" Sassy replied livid \"It was his fault we got lost last time, if we didn't follow him we wouldn't have gotten separated form Hope and Peter!\" Shadow said sagely \"Don't you remember that Chance also saved our lives, if he hadn't been trailing us as we were leaving the city Ashcan and his sidekick would of killed us.\" She replied quietly \"Yeah I know but he can still be dumb sometimes.\" Shadow said warmly \"True but he can but he has also proven to be a very loyal friend.\" Chance followed by Delilah entered the bedroom. He replied jovially \"Now did I hear my name being thrown around here?\" Sassy shook her head and replied annoyed \"Honestly Chance can't you knock, Shadow and I were having a discussion.\" Chance took Sassy's brush off in stride. He looked at Shadow and asked softly \"Hey Old Timer you all right?\" Shadow jumped off the foot of the bed he turned to Chance Sassy, and Delilah. He looked all of them in the eye. Shadow took a breath then replied comfortingly \"Everyone please I'm fine I just had that same feeling I got the first time Peter left, but really I'm all right now, I'm going out into the backyard and taking a nap.\" With that Shadow turned around and walked out the door. Delilah replied wistfully \"You're right Chance something's up, Shadow seems really distracted.\" Sassy's tail bristled again this time she was more annoyed than ever. She said agitated \"Honestly you two if Shadow says he's all right then I believe him you'll only upset him more if you read too much into what he says.\" Chance quipped jokingly \"Oh go get stuck in a tree!\" Sassy sighed and replied coolly \"At least I would be able to get down if I got stuck if you were stuck in a tree it would probably break!\" With that she gracefully vaulted off of the bed and left. When Sassy had left Chance turned to Delilah and asked worriedly \"Delilah, do you think I'm bad luck?\" Delilah licked Chance's face and replied softly \"Of course I don't sweetie, but I do think you are right about Shadow something is defiantly wrong.\" Chance licked Delilah's face and said warmly \"We need to keep a watch on the old boy just in case okay?\" Delilah nuzzled Chance's face. She then looked at him lovingly and nuzzled Chance's face once again. Delilah then said keenly \"Right, race you to the backyard!\" Chance said eagerly \"Oh you're on!\" As soon as he had finished speaking Delilah had dashed out of the room. She yelled tauntingly \"Come and get me slow poke!\" Chance chased after her and replied happily \"Oh you bet!\" What could Shadow's \"feeling\" mean for our favorite four pets? Will they get lost again? Should I continue? Please read review, and let me know! ","Summary":" Hi my name is Chance but of course you probably already know that. I've been with my family now for"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Tall Shadows","Author":"SakuraAngel3","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11041213","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tall Shadows Author's Note: This story is only my idea of what could happened between the scene in Homeward Bound where Shadow seemingly gives up and then reappears at the end to his master, Peter. I only own my original characters Gunner, Spear (the black wolf), Max, Fiona, and Grace. Italics are character thoughts. If you think Chance is a different breed such as a Pit Bull I checked the information on Wikipedia. Shadow sank into the muck that surrounded him. Rotten planks of wood had catapulted the elder Golden Retriever into a hole of thick, stinking mud. His golden coat had been dipped a murky brown and the ache in his leg screamed at him. Shadow stared up balefully at the determined young American Bulldog in front of him. Chance, the headstrong, naïve, but loyal white American Bulldog with black spots pleaded with the older dog. Ah, the foolish pup, Shadow though. It was the pup pushing him onward instead of vice versa. \"You're not giving up! You said it yourself, we have a duty to our humans,\" Chance huffed and growled. \"Shadow, Peter needs you. We need you.\" Sassy pleaded as she mewed into the hole and her fluffy tails swished back and forth in agitation. Shadow tiled his head and spoke slowly, \"No, Pup, you and Sassy have learned all I can give you. Peter…Peter deserves a whole dog and not the shell of an old broken one,\" Shadow groaned as the pain in his leg gnawed more deeply at him. \"NO! Peter needs you and we're going together!\" Chance stated and grabbed Shadow by his scruff and attempted to drag the old dog towards the embankment. The mellow, gentle Golden Retriever grew annoyed and for the first time in his life lunged and sank his teeth into Chance's shoulder. He didn't break the skin; the bite was only a warning for Chance to desist. Chance yelped and jumped back in surprise. Sassy hissed to demonstrate her disapproval. \"Why don't you two understand? I'm done. I'm too old. I can't.\" Shadow sniffed. Chance glanced at Sassy as if to ask what to do next. The usually sharp-witted cat was silent. For another hour Chance whined and Sassy mewled trying to cajole the Golden Retriever into resuming their journey. He steadfastly refused and closed his eyes falling into a doze. Chance glanced sadly at Sassy and by unspoken agreement decided to continue their journey without the wise old dog who'd initiated it. Silently, Chance climbed up the muddy slippery slope and reached Sassy whose eyes were downcast. Chance's ears were pinned back and his tail tucked firmly between his legs as he and Sassy padded away from their friend. Shadow's nose sank slowly into the thick mud as he began to dream.[Chapter 2] Shadow stood among the high cliffs where white, puffy clouds were strewn across the sky like fat marshmallows. Shadow was feeling joyous and leaped up playfully to nip at the unattainable clouds. Shadow's tail wagged and he wore a lolling dog smile. \"Loyalty,\" a gruff, stern voice called causing Shadow to start. Shadow whipped around and saw a tall Golden Retriever that was wheaten blonde with beautiful feathering that swayed lightly in the breeze. His coal black nose twitched and liquid brown eyes peered into Shadow's. Shadow cautiously moved towards the unknown dog and repeated, \"Loyalty?\" Shadow sniffed the air but couldn't scent anything dangerous. The other Golden Retriever lifted his head and one word struck Shadow to describe this dog: regal. The dog moved towards Shadow his body posture welcoming. \"Yes, loyalty it's one of our best traits. Loyalty and love which are attributes we should never relinquish. As you said yourself my dear Shadow it has been our job as dogs to be guardians.\" The other Golden Retriever stopped and licked Shadow's nose. \"How do you know my name?\" Shadow sniffed at the dog. The other dog tilted his head and smiled. \"I'm your father, son. My humans named me Gunner. You've given up, my son. I'm here to remind you why a dog can never give up.\" Gunner explained. \"My father?\" Shadow exclaimed in disbelief. \"Why are you here now? But I'm too old and so tired,\" Shadow began to explain. \"No excuses. Just walk beside me,\" Gunner instructed. Shadow submitted to the request and the scenery dissolved around them whirling into new colors, shapes, and scents. After a short time, Shadow was able to recognize a dense forest. He spied a human family sitting around a fire. A young child, a little girl, was chasing a dog or on second glance a wolf. The wolf had deep black fur and the fur of the wolf rippled and his green eyes danced. The wolf merrily chased the little girl who giggled and reached out her hands to catch the wolf. The wolf stopped and the little girl hugged the wolf around his neck burying her pink face into his fur. Shadow felt a stab of pain thinking of Peter and how he'd hugged him the exact same way. The mother of the little girl came out and scooped the child up and disappeared into a tent made of animal hides. The wolf trotted over to the man by the fire who was reclining against a tree stump. The wolf laid his head on the man's legs and the man smiled and gently stroked the wolf. The wolf gazed up at the man with eyes full of loyalty and love. The man gently messaged the wolf's head. Shadow closed his eyes and could feel Peter's gentle hands stroking his coat as they cuddled on the couch and then underneath a shady tree in the backyard on a hot day. \"I love you, Shadow,\" Peter whispered and kissed his dog's nose. Shadow opened his eyes and the forest dissolved but the black wolf stood in front of Shadow and spoke, \"Loyalty, Shadow. Have you forgotten our role and become selfish? You live because your boy does and his soul feeds off yours,\" the wolf's voice was deep but earthly and full of age without being old. Shadow started to speak but the wolf interrupted him, \"We do not make excuses for our devotion drives us on and heals us. Never forget that.\" The wolf howled and Shadow found himself letting out a howl in return. Suddenly, Shadow was back on the cliffs with Gunner who gazed proudly at his son. He licked Shadow's nose and whispered, \"Always remember.\"[Chapter 3] Shadow woke up still lying in the thick mud alone. The words of his ancestors rang in his ears and an image of Peter's devastated face when he realized his dog wasn't coming home flashed in his mind. Shadow stood up shakily feeling the weight of the mud clog his usually light fur. Shadow assessed the climb and became filled with new energy. He leaped up the slippery slope and his paws skidded under him as before. Shadow dug into mud and leaped towards the opening. Shadow felt his energy depleting but suddenly felt as if two muzzles pushed him from behind urging him on. Shadow would later say he heard a lonesome howl that made him climb through the mud and claw at the opening. Shadow dug his claws into the opening and shifted his body weight. He saw the pale moonlight highlighting the mud hole and he collapsed and panted from the exertion. A shooting star streaked across the sky and to Shadow's eyes it looked like a paw print. After a brief rest, Shadow continued limping to avoid putting weight on his injured leg. Shadow was still coated in dry mud and felt pain shooting through his body. Shadow decided to find a place to sleep for the night. He spotted a yard with lush green grass and a metal gate which served as another reminder of home. Shadow noticed the gate was ajar and entered the yard. He smelled the air and could smell the two dogs that lived there. One was a large male and the other a small female. Shadow chose a relatively unmarked spot and relieved himself. Shadow chose a grassy spot near the wall of the house and turned around several times before lying down. Shadow crossed his front paws and laid his muzzle down to sleep. Shadow wasn't sure how long he slumbered when he was woken up by a female human voice and two barking dogs. One bark was deeper and more booming, while the other bark was higher and came in short bursts. Shadow drowsily heard the human speak in a voice in a voice he knew people used with their dogs. The human opened the door and shut it quickly and then ran to shut the metal gate. Shadow heard the metallic clang echo in his ears. The human spoke again in the same singsong voice and opened the door as two dogs bolted out to use the bathroom. One was a male yellow Labrador Retriever called Max and the other a female black Scottish Terrier called Fiona. It was Max who smelled Shadow first and bounced over to him with his tail wagging. \"Hello, strange dog! Why are you here? Do you like to chase balls?\" Max quipped with boundless enthusiasm. Shadow was perplexed at first but answered, \"I'm Shadow and I'm trying to get home.\" Max looked perplexed but before he could answer Fiona bounced over barking territoraly as only a terrier can do. \"Intruder! Intruder! How dare you come to my house?\" Fiona bared her teeth and growled. Max seemed amused, \"Ah, lighten up on the old fellow, Fiona. He just looks tired.\" Fiona stared at her pack mate unconvinced. \"How do you know? You think everyone is a potential friend,\" she snored. Max just wagged his tail before the human came over and let out a gasp. She spoke in a soothing tones and Shadow could tell she was kind and meant to help him. He wagged his tail limply. The human bent down and Shadow recognized her scent as being from the dog hospital. The woman stroked Shadow's head and lifted his muzzle. She said, \"Good boy,\" and kept speaking in soft tones. Max and Fiona began to head into their home and Max called, \"Come inside. Our human is named Grace and she is a vet. She'll help you.\" Max disappeared inside the house with Fiona in hot persuit. Shadow was a bit unsure but his instincts urged him to trust Grace and the two dogs and he followed. Once inside, Shadow stopped at the door unsure of what to do or where to go. The woman called Grace returned from the kitchen with a treat sending Max and Fiona into an excited frenzy. Grace waved them away and wafted the treat in front of Shadow's nose. It did smell good; it smelled like bacon, in fact. Shadow realized he hadn't eaten in a while and his mouth watered. He reached out his tongue to try to swipe the treat but Grace held it aloft and Shadow followed her. Shadow was so focused on the treat he took a moment to realize where she'd led him. It wasn't until after she offered him the treat that Shadow realized the woman had led him into a bathroom. Every time Shadow had been in a bathroom it had been for a bath. Sure enough Grace began to run the water to adjust it to the right temperature. Shadow may be a water dog, but he tolerated baths rather than enjoyed them. There was something vastly different from a bath and running happily through the rain and splashing in a lake. Max wedged his yellow head through the door with a tennis ball lodged firmly in his mouth. \"Wnt tf paf?\" Max mumbled. Shadow pricked his ears. \"I'm sorry. I can't understand you with a ball in your mouth.\" Max dropped the slobbery ball and answered, \"You want to play? There's nothing like a good tennis ball!\" Shadow gave the ball an interested glance and said, \"I might take you up on that, Max.\" This sent the yellow Lab into a wagging bonanza as he picked his ball back up and pulled his head away from the door. Grace managed to coax Shadow into the tub and began to our shampoo and scrub at the mud and dust embedded in Shadow's coat. The crusted mud was stubborn and Grace spent over an hour getting the dirt out of the dog's fur. Shadow couldn't help but shake himself a couple times causing Grace to squeal in surprise and get nearly as wet as Shadow himself. The whole time Grace spoke soothingly to him and he understood a few phrases such as, \"Good boy.\" Shadow endured about twenty minutes of towel drying and a hair drying to fluff out his coat. Grace finally let Shadow out of the bathroom and Shadow felt tired and his leg still bothered him. Grace noticed this and examined his leg gently even when he yelped in protest. Grace frowned and Shadow could tell that she was worried about him. She gently stroked Shadow's head and Shadow spotted Max and Fiona in the living room. Max was lying down barking during his dreaming. Fiona was enthusiastically playing with a squeaky toy shaped like a rabbit even tossing it and chasing it. Shadow found a spot near the sofa and laid down feeling exhausted. Fiona looked up from her toy and addressed Shadow, \"What happened to you? Where are you from?\" Shadow raised his head and began to speak, \"Well, I belong to a boy named Peter. I could tell he was sad about leaving me behind. Our people left us somewhere strange and…\" Shadow was abruptly cut off by the sound of dog food hitting the bottom of bowls. Max sat up like a gunshot and raced towards the kitchen. Fiona was a little more tactful and said, \"Why don't you tell both of us your story after dinner?\" She then trotted to her own bowl. Instinct had Shadow follow even though he was unsure of his place. ","Summary":" Tall Shadows Author's Note: This story is only my idea of what could happened between the scene in "},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Homeward Bound III: Back to the Wilderness","Author":"OptimusPrime2017","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12642708","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Homeward Bound III: Back to the Wilderness Life could never be more perfect. Finally back home with Jamie, Shadow, Sassy, and Delilah. Two adventures-One over the mountains and the other in San Francisco-are enough for me. But, staying here at home gets real boring sometimes…well, I guess you could say a little more than sometimes. But at least I got Delilah. Just another day. A white American Bulldog with brown spots ran around dragging a big stick. That's me, Chance. I glanced around to see Delilah sitting over in the shade watching me closely. I felt the same happiness inside me I felt when \"Daddy\" (Jamie's dad said she could stay). I tossed the stick up into the air and watched it thud down. \"This is boring,\" I said for probably what was the tenth or maybe twentieth time now. I padded over to Delilah and lay down next to her. \"Yeah, but at least Jamie will be back soon,\" She replied with a chuckle. \"You did say that you wanted to play ball with him.\" \"And I still do!\" I barked playfully leaping to my feet. \"Hey Shadow!\" I called to the old Golden Retriever who sat in another spot of shade not far away. \"What, Chance?\" He asked, the usual edge of annoyance to his voice. \"Aren't you gonna go play ball or something with Peter?\" I questioned curiously. \"He seems to be busy.\" Shadow answered, the annoyed tone gone from his voice. \"Oh.\" I muttered. \"Hey, Chance!\" Came the familiar cheerful voice of Jamie. I pricked my ears and turned my head towards him as he ran into the yard, throwing his baseball glove to the ground. \"Finally,\" I barked. Of course Jamie and the other humans can't understand us, or Sassy, for some reason. I trotted over to him, my tail wagging with excitement. Jamie grabbed a Frisbee and tossed it. I raced after it, picking up speed as I went. Then I leaped and managed to catch it in midair. Suddenly, Jamie's dad, Bob Seaver, came out the back door. I had a feeling he didn't come just to watch. Uh oh, he thought, what'd I do this time? \"Hey, Jamie!\" He called. \"Come here for a minute.\" \"Okay,\" Jamie simply replied as he walked over, followed by me. I noticed Delilah and Shadow get up and glance curiously over our way. Then they ran over here too. \"This can't be good.\" Shadow muttered under his breath. \"I was thinking the same exact thing,\" Delilah piped up. \"Quiet, I wanna hear!\" I scolded. Bob ignored the barking dogs. \"We're going on a trip.\" He simply stated. \"Oh no. Where this time?\" Jamie retorted. \"We're going to South America!\" He cheered. \"But, they don't even speak English, Dad.\" Snapped Jamie. \"Some of them do. Besides, Laura and I know Spanish.\" He said, puzzled why Jamie didn't want to go. \"Oh. Uh, but, when are we going?\" Jamie seemed more curious now. \"Can we take Chance, Delilah, Shadow, and Sassy too?\" \"We're going tomorrow. Of course we can take them.\" Bob was turning back towards the house. \"Come on, we gotta go pack.\" \"Okay!\" Was all Jamie could think of to say. They walked inside, leaving the three dogs standing there…alone. \"What's going on? I thought we were gonna play?\" I said sadly. Later, when it was dark, Delilah and I went inside to our beds and Shadow went up to sleep with Peter. I heard Sassy meow something as she followed Hope to her room. \"Slow down!\" Sassy protested, knowing Hope didn't understand. I closed my eyes and let sleep overcome me. When I opened my eyes the next morning, I was surprised to see Bob carrying things out of the house with the help of the rest of the family. Wait, what's going on here? This isn't right. I thought to myself. \"Come on, Chance\" said Shadow when Peter urged him to follow. \"You too, Delilah.\" I sighed, but reluctantly followed them. We went out the front door and onto the driveway, where the car was waiting. It's engine was fired up and ready to go somewhere…but where? I exchanged glances with Delilah. Sassy was already in the car, waiting. \"Come on!\" Shadow barked louder, as he jumped into the open back of the car. Heaving a sigh, I leaped up after him, followed by Delilah again. \"Okay, okay.\" I muttered. The car closed in my face, making me jump backwards with a muffled yelp. I heard Delilah laugh. \"Not funny\". And away we drove. I opened my eyes…again. I must've fallen asleep from boredom. Not surprising really. I glanced out the back window. \"Whoa,\" I let the gasp escape my mouth. \"Where are we?\" \"Who knows,\" Said the typical meow of the cat. Sassy glared at him. \"Hey, what'd I do to you?\" I said, slightly playful. \"Oh, nothing.\" Sassy replied. \"Okay then.\" I muttered. \"Quit bickering!\" Shadow chided. \"Sorry.\" I growled. Then I whispered the next words to myself. \"Old timer\". After a few hours of driving, we finally stopped. We were at an airport. Oh no. I remembered what happened last time. As soon as we got out of the car we went in and got put in those \"kennels\". Then we were put on some kind of ride , which took us to the plane. A man loaded us into it, along with some other animals. Then, we took off. Into the sky. It felt sickening. I actually threw up in my kennel. This is gonna be a long ride. When we finally landed, we were unloaded, but by a different man. He didn't even speak English! He took us on another ride inside the building and let us out of the kennels. \"Finally!\" I barked. \"Wait a second, where are we anyway?\" \"You think I got a clue?\" Retorted Shadow. \"Of course not.\" I replied calmly. We walked out (with the family) and went to a borrowed car Bob was renting. Shadow, Delilah, and I hopped into the back while Sassy got to sit with Hope again. We drove up to a building called a hotel and went inside. After talking to a strange non-English lady, we went up into a room. It was nearly bedtime already, though. In a couple of hours, everyone, even me, were asleep. \"Wake up!\" Sassy shouted into his ear. I yelped and jumped back, my eyes wide open. \"Who said you were my alarm clock?\" I barked jokingly. I yawned and then stretched. \"Can I go out for a run yet?\" I muttered sarcastically. I sniffed the air. Kibble! I raced into the kitchen and started gobbling down the food, grateful it was there. I nearly choked on it a few times because of how fast I was eating. Once we were all done eating, it was back to the car. \"Ugh,\" I scowled. \"This'll be fun.\" I hopped in for the third time in two days. We took off. We were at our destination in, thankfully, less than an hour. It was a nice, green rainforest. A river ran through it. I kept hearing the word \"Amazon\" from them. Brazil?! Yep, we were in Brazil. I stared around in awe. \"Sweet!\" I cheered. I raced out through the trees followed by Delilah, Shadow, and Sassy. \"Woo hoo!\" I barked as loud as I possibly could. I forgot that we even had to go back. I forgot about the humans and the annoying car. I forgot where I was leading us. I got us lost, but none of us noticed it yet. When I decided to turn around, I couldn't remember where we came from. \"Uh guys, which way did we come from?\" \"Are we lost, again?!\" Sassy almost screamed it at him. \"Uh, maybe.\" I said, feeling the guilt heavily. \"Oh no.\" Delilah fought back panic. Shadow pawed the ground in obvious anger at me. \"Chance!\" \"W-We're lost!\" I yelped it as loud as I could, panicking.[Chapter 2] The unsuspecting Seavers didn't know the animals were missing. They didn't know they were lost. They didn't even know they ran off for a bit of fun. It would be a while before they noticed. \"Now what do we do?\" Snarled Sassy angrily. \"Don't look at me.\" Said Shadow, \"Chance got us into this mess.\" I lowered my head, guiltily. \"How about we go that way?\" I suggested, pointing behind me with my tail. \"What if we get more lost?\" Asked Delilah. \"We won't.\" I chuckled. \"There's no such thing as more lost.\" What if there is? What if I do get us more lost? Was all I could think. I shook the doubts away. \"What're ya'll waiting for? The sun to explode?\" I barked sarcastically. \"Come on!\" I turned in the direction I had pointed and trotted off. Footsteps told me the others were doing the same. We walked and walked…and walked besides the edge of the Amazon River. Still haven't found the family. Did they know that the pets were lost yet? Did they even care? The words seemed to float in the air, silently, but there. Suddenly there was a low, threatening growl. Not a dog or a cat's growl, but still an animal growl. \"Oh no.\" I muttered. \"Dog vs. big cat round two.\" Sure enough, the animal growling was a big, black cat. A panther. I shrank back a few inches. It advanced a few steps forward, still growling. \"Ruuuuun!\" I yelped, turning and racing off. \"Ugh.\" Shadow sighed as they ran. \"What's all this about round two?\" Asked Sassy. \"Uh, long story, Sassy.\" Shadow answered. \"Let's just get away from it!\" Delilah barked. \"Let's make it fall into the river!\" I called, remembering what Shadow and I did to that mountain lion. \"Then we can escape it.\" I was panting from the exhaustion of running already. On the bright side there were no leg cramps yet. Jinxed it… \"Oooh ow, front leg cramp!\" I exclaimed in pain. \"Keep running, Chance!\" Hollered Shadow. \"I am!\" I shouted back in protest. A pain split through my back leg. \"Back leg cramp!\" \"Hold on, Chance!\" Shouted Delilah. I braced myself. We were nearing the river. Sassy won't like this. Time to go swimming. I thought. I tensed my muscles. How am I supposed to jump with cramps?! \"We got to jump it or go in the river!\" I growled through pain. \"What?!\" Sassy objected. \"Would you rather get eaten?\" Shadow panted. \"No, but I don't feel like swimming either.\" \"Just do it!\" I shouted. When my paws reached the river bank, I didn't slow down, but sped up. I leaped long and hard. I was three quarters of the way over the river when I landed in it. It was surprisingly cold. I yelped in surprise. Shadow landed right behind me and Delilah right on the other side. Sassy, well, she jumped on top of Shadow's back! I laughed long and hard as Shadow let out a bark of shock. \"Perfect landing.\" Sassy praised herself. \"Thanks for being right here, Shadow.\" \"Yeah, no problem.\" Muttered the old golden retriever. We waded to the other side where Delilah waited patiently. Thankfully, the panther had turned back in defeat. It didn't feel like getting wet today, either. I heaved a sigh of relief. \"Phew.\" \"No kidding.\" Said Delilah. She must've been scared, but then weren't they all? Obviously. The thought was clear in my head. We decided to take a break and rest after all of that running. Sassy caught us some fish in the river, and, boy, was I thankful for it! We ate gratefully. At least we had followed the river. It saved our lives and gave us lunch. Yum! I yawned. I didn't feel like getting up and traveling anymore, but Shadow insisted that we did. I gave in, reluctantly. As soon as I was on my feet, I was full of energy again. I took a quick drink from the river before we started. By dark, we were all very tired. As soon as we found a place to spend the night, I collapsed, closing my eyes. It actually wasn't too hard to fall asleep. I was so tired, I just let sleep full me in. The next morning, I opened my eyes to see I was the only one awake. Wow. It's incredible. I got to my feet. After yawning and some stretching, I got a drink of water and thought about trying to fish, by myself. I remembered the lobster that found my lip last time, so I decided to wait until Sassy woke up. Or I woke her up. I was kind enough to wait, which didn't take long at all. In five minutes, all four of us were on our paws. Sassy caught more fish and we ate it. Then we were on the move. We walked so we didn't waste any energy. We zigzagged through trees and around rocks. We jumped ditches and dragged out feet on trails. It was exhausting! So much work just to find the Seavers…if ever. At noon we snacked on more fish and drank some more water. Then we traveled on and on. Never-ending journey. By the time it was dark we chose a nice spot under a few trees. My eyes were shut in a flash. The night seemed so short! As soon as I blinked my eyes open, I wanted to shut them again, but everyone else was up and ready. More fish and more traveling. What will today bring? After we ate, we continued the long journey. Not much talk went between us, but thoughts were a blur in my head. Does Jamie miss me? Will I ever see him again? Does Delilah miss them too? Do they miss Delilah? What about Shadow and Sassy? My head began to hurt with all of those questions flying about. I shook it to clear away some of the doubts I had. I had to focus in order to get home. \"Hey guys,\" I said, trying to start a conversation. \"How do you catch a squirrel? No answer \"By climbing up a tree and acting like a nut!\" I laughed. Delilah chuckled, but otherwise, there was no response. I sighed. Boring! Apparently no one felt like talking, because we were silent for a couple of hours until…we reached a cliff. I walked up to it and sniffed cautiously. \"What is it?\" Asked Delilah. \"Seems to be some sort of cliff.\" Shadow replied. \"Well, I don't want to be the one who falls off!\" Sassy exclaimed dramatically. She glanced over in my direction. \"Don't look at me. I'm not falling off.\" I barked. There was a cracking noise. The whole part we were on was splitting. \"This was a horrible idea!\" We raced off the splitting part, just in time too. As soon as we stepped off, it collapsed and fell down into the trees below. I heaved a sigh of relief. We were safe, but still lost. \"Now what?\" I heard the words burst out of my mouth. \"That didn't improve our chance of getting home.\" \"We keep going, isn't it obvious?\" Sassy meowed at him. \"Quit bickering, you two.\" Shadow growled. \"Let's go home!\"[Chapter 3] \"Let's just keep going.\" Delilah suggested. \"It's our only chance, Chance.\" \"Alright,\" I muttered. More traveling, more exhaustion, more…of everything. I slept badly that night. Waking up to the sounds of nature every few minutes. So, I just decided to keep watch. The next morning, we ate, drank, and began trekking onward. On and on and still…on. Hours later, a little past noon, we ate. We were nowhere near home, and we all knew it. I started to think we were going the wrong way, and maybe I was right. Instinct told me that I was right…we were going the wrong way. Uh oh… I tried to ignore the thought of it. We were going the right way. We are. By sun down, we weren't near the river, so I hunted with Shadow, leaving Delilah and Sassy to talk. \"See anything, Shadow?\" I asked. \"Shh. I see a rabbit. Quiet!\" He growled quietly, almost in a whisper. I only nodded. Suddenly, Shadow pounced at the rabbit, catching it by surprise. He grabbed it between his claws and killed it. \"Go take this to Sassy and Delilah.\" He ordered. \"Come back for two more loads.\" \"Alright.\" I replied, obediently. I picked it up and raced back to the others. \"Fresh rabbit.\" He called to them as he arrived. He dropped it at Delilah's paws. \"Thanks!\" She said cheerfully. \"No problem.\" \"Hey, don't I get some?\" Sassy piped up, anger in her voice, as usual. \"You're next.\" I answered, dashing off back towards Shadow. When I reached him, he had another rabbit waiting. I picked it up in my teeth and carried it over to Sassy. \"See? I got you something.\" \"I hoped you would.\" She responded. She started eating it. Delilah had already eaten one-third of hers. I raised my eyebrows, and hurried back to Shadow. The old dog stood there by two rabbits. I grabbed one in my jaws, the other in Shadow's. We trotted back to the cat and white dog. We ate, gracefully. Then as we settled down to sleep, we heard a low, hissing sound. Kind of like a cat, but it was different. I looked right into the eyes of a no-limbed slithery creature. \"What is it?\" I asked, not to curious to get close to it. I drew back a few paces. I could never forget about that stupid porcupine. \"I think…it's a snake.\" Shadow answered, thoughtfully. \"It might be poisonous.\" \"Well, let's get away from it!\" The sassy cat retorted. \"Anytime.\" Delilah yelped. The four pets backed away, cautiously eyeing the creature advancing towards them. Then, it lunged. It's fangs fit Shadow's shoulder. The older dog let out a pained yelp and staggered away. The pets raced off, Shadow limping. Once they were a good distance away, they stopped running and Shadow collapsed. \"Shadow!\" I shouted. \"Oh no.\" Sassy murmured. Delilah just gasped. They raced over to him, full of worry. They reached him. He was still alive, but barely. He looked at them, all of them. He sighed. There was nothing to say, they all knew what was happening. Shadow was dying. \"Don't die, Shadow.\" I cried. \"I don't have a choice, Chance.\" His pained whispered words filled the air. His eyes were full of sadness. \"Just…get home. Keep…Peter…happy.\" His last words faded into nothing as the old dog's eyes closed. He was gone. Shadow was dead. \"No…\" I croaked. He couldn't be gone. I needed him. Peter needed him. \"Shadow, wake up. Wake up! Wake up!\" I was practically screaming now. \"Don't die, Shadow! I need you!\" Tars rolled down my face. Sassy and Delilah were crying now too. \"Shadow!\" My screams continued for a while, until I cried myself to sleep. Shadow, the great golden retriever, was dead…[Chapter 4] Ruined…my life was ruined. We got lost. Shadow was dead. I opened my eyes the morning after the incident had taken place. I sighed, deeply. I got to my paws, pacing around. After what felt like half an hour, Sassy and Delilah woke up. We buried Shadow's body in a deep hole I dug. We worked together to cover in. I even carved the words Shadow, a great friend and leader into the dirt beside the grave. Sassy fished, we ate. Silent the whole time. Before we left, I went over to the grave and gave a silent prayer: Shadow, you were a great friend and leader. I loved you and miss you a heck lot more than you think. May you rest in peace, my favorite old-timer. \"Chance!\" Called Sassy. Heaving another sigh, I walked over to her and Delilah. \"You ready?\" The she-cat asked. \"Never.\" I responded sarcastically. \"Let's go.\" Delilah looked at him, concern in her eyes. \"If you say so.\" Sassy said. \" You're the alpha.\" She was obviously trying to cheer him up. \"Let's just go.\" I growled. \"We don't have time to chit-chat if we ever want to get home.\" \"You're sounding like…like him.\" There was sadness in her voice. \"Shadow's gone. We got to deal with it.\" I snapped, blinking back tears. \"I'll never be as great as he was. You know that, Sassy.\" She just nodded once. Delilah just silently stood there, saying nothing. She sighed. We began the day's journey through the jungle. Luckily, we didn't see any more snakes. I hunted for lunch. For dinner, we had fish. But, this night, I couldn't sleep. Too much had happened in the last week. Traveling to South America, getting lost, loosing Shadow to a stupid snake. I hoped it was all a dream, a horrible dream. Deep down, I knew it wasn't. This was real. After a long night, I heard Sassy and Delilah wake up. The sun was bright today, of course. I got up. I hunted for breakfast, taking Delilah with me to teach here. I caught two rabbits and she caught one. Not long after we ate, we heard the familiar sound of a plane. A rescue plane, perhaps? Apparently the pilot saw us because it landed not far away. To our surprise, the Seavers rushed out. They began hugging the three pets. But, Peter noticed it right away. That Shadow wasn't with us. I walked up to him, whimpering. I gave his hand a lick, to cheer him up. \"Shadow?\" Peter called. \"Shadow!\" \"Should we show them?\" Sassy asked me. \"Where we buried him?\" \"Yes.\" I answered. I barked at the humans, hoping they'd follow me. I turned and began racing off, back towards Shadow's grave. I looked back to see them following. The plane flew above us, staying in sight. After a few hours of running, we made it…to Shadow's resting place. Peter was devastated. Tears rolled down his face. No one said a word. Not even me. We unburied him. After arriving back home in America, we reburied Shadow, right in our backyard. Nothing was ever going to be the same again. Ever. Peter and I spent hours together by the grave. Peter crying most of the time. I didn't blame him. Mostly because I felt the same way. Delilah, Sassy and I saw him die. There was nothing we could've done to save the old-timer. A few days later, we received a box, on the front porch. There were holes in it as if something alive were in there. The label said: To Peter Peter opened it. It was a puppy! A golden retriever, just like Shadow was. It let out a squeaky bark. Peter picked it up. It began licking him, over and over. The boy was smiling, laughing even. I felt a small happiness inside myself as well. \"I'll call him Buddy.\" Peter stated. \"Hello!\" Said the Buddy's squeaky voice. \"Hi there.\" I replied. I get to teach this pup some stuff! \"Welcome to our home.\" ","Summary":" Homeward Bound III: Back to the Wilderness Life could never be more perfect. Finally back home with"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Homeward Bound 3: Legend of the Wolf","Author":"HushPuppe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8529922","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own Homeward Bound or any of its characters. I do own some characters I came up with for the story. Homeward Bound III: Legend of the Wolf Chapter Chase Cat \"Hi, my name is Chance. You might remember me from when I was lost in that large city in San Francisco. Ya know, the one over the bride? Or maybe you've heard of the adventure of the mountain? Anyway that is the past. And my future is looking fun. I'm pretty sure my family is going on a trip and I plan on going.\" \"But there is a part of me that doesn't want to go. My girl Delilah just had five adorable puppies. There are so cute! My favorite is the one I named Chance Jr. He looks just like me. I love Delilah and the puppies, but there's still that part of me that wants to go on an adventure.\" \"Chance can you please go narrate your life somewhere else,\" a Himalayan cat said from on the tan couch. The young American Bulldog turned to see his cat friend Sassy lying on the new couch. He walks closer and sticks his big bulldog face in front of her. \"Hey, why do you get to sleep on the new couch? Even Jamie doesn't let me on,\" Chance said as he drooled on the new couch. Sassy awoke from her nap to feel something wet. She stands onto her delicate paws and begins to groom herself. \"Honestly Chance you are such wolf,\" she said as she cleaned herself. \"Always dumb and dirty. Never useful.\" That did it. Chance barked at Sassy loudly and placed his white paws on the couch. He barked two more times. \"That's it. Time for a game of Dog Chase Cat!\" he barked. \"Oh my. Oh my,\" Sassy said and leaps off the couch. She quickly runs out of the parlor and up the blue carpet stairs. \"Help!\" she meowed. Chance wasted no time as he raced after the cat. He slipped in the hallway but managed to grabbed the steps. \"Get back here Sassy! We'll see who's dumb when I catch you!\" He followed her into a pink and purple bedroom. \"Here kitty, kitty. Come to doggie. You can't hide forever,\" Chance said in a quiet squeaky-like voice. Just then a high school junior walks into the room and see's Sassy under her pillow and Chance growling at her. \"Chance get out of my room! No dogs allowed! Out!\" she yelled. Chance whines and walks out of the room. \"Fine I'll go look for Jamie.\" Thanks for reading![Chapter 2] Homeward Bound III: Legend of the Wolf Chapter 2. Meet the Family \"Once again the most pampered cat is saved by her human. Sassy's human is called Hope. I think she's boring like Sassy.\" \"Chance did you steal my math book?\" eleven year old Jamie asked. He stood right outside his bedroom looking at his dog. \"Haven't I heard that line before?\" Chance asked himself smiling. He tilts his head and wags his tail. Usually this works whenever he's in trouble. All you have to do is act cute and your no long in trouble. Jamie sighed and smiled as his dog. \"I cannot stay angry at you can I Chance?\" he said and scratched the bulldog's head. \"This is my pal Jamie. He is my best buddy in the whole wide world. Who knows what would have happen if he didn't rescue me from the Bad Place. But I'd rather not talk about that.\" Chance narrates before Jamie returns to his room. Just then Chance turns around smelling something. \"What's that? Bagels. No. Beef Jerky. No. Fifteen Pound Turkey…..\" he said while using his most favorite sense. \"Turkey?!\" Like lighting he ran down the steps and slid into the kitchen. He crashed into a chair and plopped down under the table. \"Chance what were doing?\" asked the elderly Golden Retriever. He was sitting by the sink next to his human Peter, who is in collage. The American Bulldog shook his dizzy head. \"What? Did I miss something?\" he asked in a dizzy voice. He looked in the retriever's direction before dropping his head onto the hard floor. Shadow the Golden Retriever was keeping his eyes on the young dog. He knew Chance always found trouble. Although he tries he just can't keep the pup under control. He looked over at Peter as Laura Seaver walks over to him. He listened to mother and son talk. Chance climbed out from under the table smelling that turkey. He made sure no one was looking before sticking his head onto the table. \"Bingo.\" he said and looked left and right. \"I'm going in.\" He has just enough time to take a large mouthful of turkey. Laura's husband Bob Seaver pushes Chance off the table. The bulldog whines and takes one last bite. \"There goes dinner,\" he head Bob say. And just as he was about to take another bite Shadow barks loudly at him. \"Come on old man. I was only going to take one bite,\" Chance whined looking at the retriever. He yawns and lays down. Well, that's the second chapter. I hope you like it. Please review and stay turned for the next chapter.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I don't own anything but the plot and characters created for the story Homeward Bound III: Quest of the Wolf Chapter 3. Delilah and the Pups It's one hour after dinner. Chance walks into the parlor and see's Bob, Peter, and Jamie watching a football game. Of course right by the couch was good old Shadow. He yawns and heads back over to the kitchen. He looked to see Laura putting away dishes after Hope washed them. Sassy jumps onto the counter by the girls. She meowed and licked her fur clean. \"This is a usual Sunday night an the Seaver house. The boys watch a football game and the girls do the dishes. And Sassy supervises the girls. It can get pretty boring around here. Luckily I know someone who would be happy to see me.\" The bulldog walks to the laundry room and peaks his large head into the room. He see's a white Kuvasz laying inside a cardboard box. He knew what else was inside that box. Five adorable puppies. Chance pads over to the box and see's the Kuvasz, Delilah, open her eyes. He licks her head just as she yawns. \"Hi Chance,\" Delilah said and smiled. She has a great smile according to Chance and he never stopped believing that. Chance didn't even bother to say hi back. He was watching his son and daughters. Chance Jr. is his favorite of the litter. \"Aren't they just adorable? The white pup with the largest black spot is Trevor. He's the oldest. The next one with the few spots is Spotty. He's right next to Chance Jr. The pretty spotted girl is Rosia. And last but not least is the white girl Alla.\" Chance Jr. stretches out his paws and drops them onto Rosia. The smaller pup whines and pushes her brother away. The pups were only a few days old and still blind. Delilah nudges her puppies closer to her. She looks at Chance and gives them a lick. \"Thanks for visiting Chance,\" she said before closing her eyes to nap. Chance licks Delilah and the pups' head before leaving the room. He enjoyed seeing them, but he wanted someone to play with. \"Look what the garbage can rolled in,\" Sassy said from on top of the drier. She felt safe from her energetic friend from there. That did it. The American Bulldog looked at the Himalayan cat and gave a warning growl. \"Oh, my!\" Sassy said jumping onto the floor to run away. Chance was right behind her. \"Help!\" A/N: The chapters have been small as you probably noticed. The next one will be longer. Yes, the story is kind of boring but don't worry the action will begin soon. Please review![Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I do not own Homeward Bound or any of its characters. I do own some characters I came up with for the story. Homeward Bound III: Legend of the Wolf Chapter 4: Control Yourself The spell of stinky sneakers clogged up the bulldog's nose. He didn't mind though. He loved the smell of stinky sneakers. What he loved even more was chasing Sassy. A light piece of clothing fell onto Chance's face. \"Help! The Bad Place has come for me!\" barked Chance. He took off running out of Jamie's room. He ran through the hall, down the stairs, and into the door. \"Oh my the dumb wolf has returned,\" Sassy said. She sat gracefully on the armrest of the new couch. Chance stands onto his paws and shakes his head. He looks down to see what was covering his face. Sassy licks her dark brown paw and brushes it over her ears. \"Dear Chance did you think that shirt was a ghost?\" she asked with a smile. \"Your even dumber than I thought.\" Chance looks at Sassy and growls. \"Call me dumb one more time,\" he challenged the smaller animal. Before Chance got a chance to begin chasing Sassy, a golden dog approached them. White fur covered not just his muzzle but where more golden fur use to . It showed his age and wisdom. \"You two need to learn to get along,\" Shadow said and looked at Chance. \"As man's best friend you need to learn how to control yourself.\" \"Easy for you to say old man,\" Chance said still mad at Sassy. He snorts at her. \"I'm hungry for breakfast.\" \"How can you be hungry? You ate half of Jamie's one sneaker last night!\" Sassy exclaimed. Chance rolls his eyes. \"So? You ate an extra shrimp at dinner!\" \"Hope offered it to me. You were not offered the sneaker. You stole it even though Jamie told you not to touch it,\" the Himalayan cat said to the bulldog. Shadow heard Chance's growl getter louder and angrier. \"Chance control yourself,\" he said taking a step forward. \"If you need me I'll be in the kitchen eating breakfast,\" Chance barked before running to the kitchen. In the kitchen Bob, Peter, and Hope were already eating pancakes. Chance walks over to Bob and sits to his right. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Sassy enter the room. \"Watch the master,\" he told her. He places his front right paw onto Bob's lap and whines. Bob heard the American bulldog. He looks at Chance and pushes the paw off his lap. \"No Chance. Your breakfast is in your bowl.\" \"I already knew there's breakfast in my food bowl. It's of course dog food. I much rather have pancakes with butter and syrup. Last Sunday Laura made pancakes. Jamie gave me half of one and boy was it good!\" \"Jamie please come down for breakfast! We don't want to be late!\" Laura called to her youngest son. \"I knew it! I knew they were planning to go on a trip! Now to find out where. Convincing them to bring me along shouldn't be to hard. They should know I love trips. They're one big awesome game!\" Chance didn't move from his spot by Bob's chair. He waited. Where was the family going. He wanted to know and he was going to find out. Not even old, loyal Shadow could stop him. Jamie had finally entered the kitchen. He dropped his backpack and took a seat. \"So Mom what time are we leaving for the cruse?\" Thanks so much for reading! Special thanks to my three reviewers: JadedPhoenixBurning, Nicole, and 8. I'll write the next chapter if I get a fourth review.[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I don't own anything but the plot and characters created for the story Homeward Bound III: Legend of the Wolf Chapter 5: Going Along \"Chance what are you doing?\" asked Shadow. The old Golden Retriever stood behind the bulldog. He knew the young dog always found trouble. So he must be up to something. Chance was lying under the coffee table in the living room. He turns around to see Shadow watching him from behind. \"Um… I was…just…uh….\" he started to say. Shadow tilted his head not letting Chance fool him into leaving like nothing happen. Chance was always up to something. And that something was never good. \"Look I was just well,\" the bulldog said not sure if he wanted to tell Shadow everything. He sighed and dropped his head onto the brown carpet. \"Fine I was waiting for Bob and Laura to sit on the couch to watch their TV show. I wanted to find out when they were leaving for that cruise.\" \"Your not going along so don't even try to. We are going to Peter's apparent. His roommate is going to take care of us,\" Shadow told Chance. The bulldog's head shot up like a rocket. \"Ow!\" he barked after his head hit the table. He shook his head and looked at Shadow. \"No way! I'm not going! Remember last time we were sent somewhere? Our people left us at that farm! Sure it looked fun at first, but our humans abandoned us there! It was like the Bad Place with some fun!\" A cream and dark brown long haired cat entered the living room. She gracefully leaped onto the couch and took a seat next to a pillow. \"Who woke me up from my beauty sleep?\" Chance started to crawl out from under the table. Hopefully his feline companion wouldn't notice. Instead of a cat nose, he found a dog nose. It was Delilah. The white Kuvazs did not look happy. \"Chance, the pups and I are trying to sleep!\" she barked. Delilah waited for her mate to say something. He didn't. She didn't expect anything expect for the sad puppy face he was now giving her. How could she yell at a face like that? \"Please stop barking and get along with Sassy,\" she said giving his face a lick. Delilah backed away from the coffee table. She started to walk away but was stopped by Jamie. The young boy padded her head. She licked the boy's hand knowing he liked that. She enjoyed the boy petting her, but she really needed to get back to her puppies. \"Jamie! Come help bring the luggage outside!\" Laura called from outside. She sounded like she was already tired. And from the looks of the stairs they still had a lot of luggage to load into the vehicle. \"Where's Chance?\" Delilah asked after Jamie left to help his mother. The bulldog was no longer under the coffee table. Hope came into the room and scooped Sassy up into her arms. \"If I see him I'll tell you were he isn't,\" Delilah heard the cat say. Hope walked outside the house and headed straight to her mother. Sassy looks around the front yard. Nothing looked different. No sign of Chance. That was until she saw the white and brown bulldog leaping into the back of the SUV. \"Chance what are you doing?\" the Himalayan cat called. That pup never made any sense. No sense at all. \"I'm not being left behind,\" he told her and jumped behind a suitcase. \"And this time I found the perfect way to go along.\" As soon as Peter and Shadow exited the house carrying more suitcases, Sassy jumped down onto the ground. She ran over to the Golden Retriever. \"That stupid pup is trying to smuggle himself to go on the cruse with the family! Do something Shadow!\" Shadow sighs and pads over to the SUV. After three tries he manages to jump into the back off the van. Once inside he found Chance. Sassy stood at the retriever's side. \"This isn't a smart-\" Shadow never finished. That back of the van closed. Looks like Chance may get to go onto the cruse after all...or will he? Would it have been safer to say home? Well thanks for reading! Next chapter will be up soon! ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own Homeward Bound or any of its characters. I do own some characters I came u"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Seeking the Pets","Author":"OptimusPrime2017","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12965471","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Bando, hey, come on. Maybe she'll come back.\" Riley told the hound walking away from him. \"I don't think so, Riley. Delilah's gone.\" Bando disagreed. \"I'm going to go find her and bring her back.\" \"Look, there's a lot of bad things out there. You can't survive on your own.\" \"I won't be alone when I find Delilah. Goodbye, Riley.\" The other dog lowered his head in defeat. \"If you need any help, you're always welcome back with us, Bando. Good luck out there.\" The hound gave him a long, sorrowful look before bounding away. *X* \"Is he really gone, Riley?\" Young Spike asked as the gang's leader emerged to the top floor of the abandoned warehouse. \"I'm afraid so, Spike.\" Riley sighed. \"He's too stubborn. He won't survive more than two days out there alone.\" \"Why don't we go after him?\" Sledge asked. \"Can't risk all of us.\" He replied. \"There may be another red van again.\" \"What about just one o-o-or two of u-u-us?\" Stokey stammered out as he scratched. \"One maybe.\" Riley thought hard. \"Can't leave just two of us here.\" \"So, who's going to g-g-g-go?\" \"Can I go?\" Spike asked eagerly. \"No. I'll go. You two stay here until I get back.\" \"But, Riley-\" Sledge protested. \"No buts, Sledge.\" Riley got to his feet and walked over to the stairs. \"Stay here, okay? That's an order.\" \"What about Ashcan and P-Pete?\" Stokey pointed out. \"Pete can't fight and I know I can beat Trashcan .\" The darker dog responded easily. \"What if Pete does fight and they double team you?\" Spike asked. \"I can handle it. Just stay put.\" Riley began to go down the stairs. \"I'll be back as soon as I find Bando.\" Before the others could protest, Riley was bounding down the stairs. He had to find Bando, for the hound's own sake. Ashcan and Pete were still out there, unfriendly as ever. There could even be others that they don't know of hunting the poor dog down. His job was to protect the gang, and that was what he was going to do. He climbed down staircase after staircase until he reached the bottom floor. Then he walked over to the opening of the warehouse, looking out carefully. Suddenly, there was a leash around his neck. He let out a loud bark and growled, trying to pull free. \"Riley!\" Spike shouted down. He heard the noise of paws scrambling down the stairs as he tried to pull free from the human holding his leash. He twisted and caught the rope in his mouth, starting to bite through it. Something hit him on top of the head in an attempt to make him let go. He didn't, but instead kept fighting to get free. He started losing the battle as the human on the other side began dragging him outside of the building. He spotted a blood red van not far away and growled menacingly. It was useless trying to bite through the rope. He stopped trying and instead jumped on the man with the leash, who shouted in surprise. \"Dumb dog!\" Another voice came and he looked to see another human running at him with a metal stick of some sort. The man whacked Riley in the side with it and he yelped in surprise. He tried to jump on him, only to be pulled back by the rope on his neck. He let out a strangled sound as his paws slammed back to the ground. The metal stick was slammed into his side again with such force that he was sent to the ground. To Riley's luck, the gang ran out just then and surrounded the two humans, who backed up into each other. The leash was dropped and he scrambled away, trying to scratch it off of his neck. Then the other dogs attacked the humans, chasing them back to the van. They got in it and drove away. \"You okay, Riley?\" Spike asked as he and the other two bounded up to him. \"Yeah, I think so.\" Riley responded just as he pulled out of the loop of the leash. \"That's better.\" \"That's why you can't go alone, Riley.\" Sledge told him. \"They almost caught you before you even left!\" \"It'll be fine.\" He assured him. \"I'll be back as soon as I talk to Bando.\" \"Okay, R-R-Riley.\" Stokey stammered. \"G-g-good luck.\" \"See you guys soon.\" Riley told them, turning and bounding off, ignoring the few aches in his side from the metal pole. I'll find him.[Chapter 2] Riley strolled carefully through Bando's favorite areas of the city. The dog was nowhere to be found. The shadows were long in the afternoon sun as he finally decided to check the alleyways. Maybe the hound was keeping it safe. He searched the most common used ones, finding a few paw prints here and there. They didn't fit Bando's paw size though, so he kept going. The sky began to grow dark and the first few stars shown in the twilight. The lone dark furred dog found himself travelling the path to the golden bridge he'd taken Shadow and Sassy to. It had been two weekends since he'd left them. He wondered if they'd made it home and what had happened to their friend, Chance. He's the reason Delilah left after all. And she's the reason Bando left. The moon and stars were high above Riley's head when he reached the spot he'd left them at. He spotted some faint old prints of a dog's next to a pair of cats. The pets were long gone. Then something caught his eyes in the moonlight. He turned his head to see fresh tracks in the dirt. He walked over to them and looked closely. Bando. He'd been there. Maybe he was still nearby. \"Bando!\" He barked. There was no response and Riley knew that the hound had moved further down the path towards the bridge. He couldn't be too far ahead. Ducking his head, he began bounding after the paw prints, new determination dragging him along. He ducked through a hole in a fence at the construction sight, only to hear growling and barking not far ahead. His ears twitched and his head jerked up. \"Bando!\" Riley barked again, racing in the direction of the fighting. \"Riley!\" A strangled, pain filled yelp responded. \"Help me!\" \"I'm coming!\" He scrambled around the nearest corner just as the last whimper of pain was cut off. \"Bando? Bando!\" Riley let out a low growl as he bounded around the next corner, but froze at the sight. Ashcan and Pete stood over the bloody remains of Bando, who was as motionless as ever. \"Ah, look who we have here, Pete.\" Ashcan growled mockingly. \"Yeah, it's Riley.\" Pete snickered. \"What're you doing here?\" \"I was trying to find Bando before you just killed him.\" He snapped. \"You can't win this one. Your gang isn't around to help you.\" The boxer pointed out. \"It's just us and you.\" \"So be it then.\" Riley bared his teeth and snarled. He collided in midair with Ashcan and he slammed the other dog into the ground. He tried to bite the boxer's throat, only to be slapped away by a paw. Teeth dug into his shoulder and he yelped in surprise. He slashed a paw across the other dog's muzzle, hearing a whimper. \"Pete, help me out!\" The boxer complained from under the darker dog. Something slammed into Riley's side and he was on the ground, scrambling to get up. Before he could, both of the other dogs were on top of him, biting and clawing at him. He felt fur be ripped from his skin in several spots and blood soak it. He tried to snap his jaws shut on a paw, but another slashed across his muzzle, the claws digging into it. His head slammed into the ground and his vision swam. By the time the two allied dogs got off of him, Riley could barely move. He struggled into a sitting position only to be thrown back to the ground by Ashcan. The two dogs snickered and laughed to each other. \"We beat Riley?\" Pete bragged. \"Yes, we did.\" Ashcan responded triumphantly. \"Grab him and let's go.\" \"Go where?\" The idiotic dog asked. \"Just follow me.\" The boxer responded. \"Okay.\" Teeth dug into Riley's scruff and he felt himself being dragged across the sand and up wooden stairs. Then he felt himself lying on a metal, curved surface. He saw an identical roof above him. They stretched on for a few yards on either side of him. He knew where he was. He was in a metal tube. \"Goodbye, Riley.\" Ashcan boasted. \"Yeah, goodbye, Riley.\" Pete echoed through a snicker. Suddenly, he was rolling and he was being thrown around the tube. When it finally stopped, the dog couldn't even find the energy to lift his head. His eyes closed as he decided to rest up.[Chapter 3] When Riley awoke, it was not long after dawn. He heard pawsteps nearby mingled with voices. They were familiar, but he couldn't place them. All he could think of was if they were friendly or not. He didn't need any more attacks. He tried to get up, but slumped back down in pain. He let out a whimper. The pawsteps stop. \"Did you hear that?\" An older male asked. \"Hear what?\" A female asked. \"Sassy, there's another dog around here.\" The first animal replied. Sassy and Shadow? What were they doing here? \"Hang on, what's that?\" Delilah's voice came. \"A dead animal…I think.\" The cocky voice of Chance answered. The pets and Delilah were here! \"No...wait.\" Delilah sounded slightly puzzled. \"Is that...Bando?\" Riley tried to get up, his feet sliding out from under him. He collapsed, whimpering again. \"There's another dog around here.\" Shadow said thoughtfully. \"And it's still alive.\" \"Check the pipes.\" Sassy cut in. \"There's blood in this one.\" Delilah gasped as she looked into his pipe. She took a cautious step in before realizing that she'd stepped on a tail. \"Riley?\" He weakly lifted his head and looked at her. His voice was hoarse when he spoke. \"Hey, Delilah.\" \"Did you say Riley's in there?\" Chance asked curiously, poking his head over her shoulder. \"Okay, well, he is in here.\" \"Move, Chance.\" Delilah told him, leaning over and biting the injured dog's scruff. She dragged him out of the pipe and onto the softer sand. He tried to get up again, but he couldn't. He licked his blood stained lips and rested his head on the ground. He was ashamed of being seen this way; beat up and unable to move. \"What happened?\" Sassy asked, from where he perched on an old crate. \"Ashcan and Pete.\" Riley managed to say. \"Was looking for Bando and they found me.\" \"Didn't you bring the gang with you?\" Delilah asked. \"Couldn't risk us getting caught, so I made them stay.\" He responded. \"I only went looking for Bando because he went to find you.\" \"Is that him?\" Chance asked, looking at the bloody mass of fur, meat, and bones on the ground. Riley glanced in that direction and looked away before replying. \"Yeah...they killed him before I got here.\" \"Are you alright, Riley?\" Shadow finally asked. \"Hurts a lot.\" He admitted. \"If I can make it back to the gang, I'll be fine.\" \"You can't even get up, Riley.\" Delilah reminded him. \"You won't get close to making it back.\" \"You should come with us.\" Shadow added. \"To the humans?\" Riley asked. \"I don't know…\" Chance chipped in. \"Our humans aren't that bad. They won't hurt you.\" Even Delilah agreed. \"These humans aren't, Riley. Really.\" \"They'll take care of you.\" Sassy promised. \"Fine…\" He consented. \"But only because Delilah agrees.\" He tried getting up again without success. He let out a growl of frustration. \"This isn't going to work.\" \"We need another way…\" Shadow murmured thoughtfully. \"I have an idea! Chance, Delilah, go back and get one at least of them to come here.\" \"Okay.\" Chance agreed. \"Back across the bridge we go.\" \"Do you remember the way?\" Sassy asked. \"Of course I do!\" He exclaimed. Then he sobered up. \"No. I actually don't.\" \"I do.\" Delilah responded. \"Come on, Chance.\" \"See you, guys.\" The American Bulldog said in farewell. Then the two dogs were gone, heading back to where the humans were. Riley hoped he could trust these humans that the pets and Delilah were talking about. Right now, they were the only way of saving his life. His stomach rumbled. He hadn't eaten since before he left to track down Bando. Same for drinking. His mouth was dry. That wasn't contributing to help him at all. He shifted into a more comfortable position, wincing. \"So, did it go well after I left you?\" Riley asked. \"I see you've found Chance.\" \"Yes, it went fairly well.\" Shadow responded as he sat down. \"We ran into Ashcan and Pete, but Chance showed up just in time to help out. He lured them into a pipe and sent them rolling. Then he almost got hit by a truck. Our humans found us and took us home. Later, Delilah showed up and was allowed to stay.\" \"That's where they got that idea…\" He grumbled. \"Who got what idea?\" Sassy asked. \"Ashcan and Pete spun me in a pipe!\" He growled. \"Any idea where they are now?\" Shadow asked, glancing around warily. \"I don't know.\" Riley replied. \"Passed out right after they threw me in the pipe. I don't think they're anywhere nearby though.\" \"I hope they're not.\" Sassy shuddered. \"They could be anywhere, Sassy.\" Shadow told her. \"Keep a look out just in case.\" Riley got his front paws to hold him up, though they were very shaky and clearly not ready for walking. He tried to get his back paws under him, but they collapsed under his weight. So he just sat there, head lowered in shame. It wasn't like him to get beat up like that. It wasn't like him to hurt too much to walk. It wasn't like him to rely on pets, much less humans. The shadows were long when Chance and Delilah finally crashed into view from the bushes. Three humans came after them, one only a little boy. The other was a boy in his late teens and the third looked like their father. \"Oh my goodness…\" Bob Seaver murmured as he saw the dark brown dog barely sitting up next to Shadow. \"Did they attack him?\" Peter asked. \"I don't think so.\" He replied, shaking his head. \"They'd be hurt too. I think they just found him and decided to help.\" Young Jamie just threw his arms around Chance, who gave him a few licks before looking back to the dog on the ground. Delilah walked up to Riley, trying to help him up. His front legs buckled beneath him as soon as his back ones were underneath him. He growled in frustration. \"Should we help him?\" Jamie, who was now looking at Riley, asked. \"We should.\" Peter thought. \"If we don't, he'll die. Can we, Dad?\" \"I don't think we have much of a choice.\" Bob agreed. As they approached him, Riley looked up warily and forced a growl to cease in his throat. They were going to help him, not hurt him. He should know that by now. The youngest human put a hand on his head and stroked it, accidently touching a scratch. He ducked his head away, whimpering. \"Careful.\" Peter warned. \"He's hurt pretty badly.\" Bob concluded. \"We should hurry.\" \"Will he be okay?\" Jamie asked. \"Can we keep him?\" \"I don't know…\" His father replied. \"No, we can't keep him. You can name him though.\" \"I'm gonna call him Bruno 'cause he's brown.\" The boy decided. He turned to the dog and held out a hand. \"Not a bad name.\" Peter agreed. \"Well, let's grab Bruno and put him in the car.\" Bob reminded them. Riley saw the boy's hand, but didn't move towards it. Sure, he was in the humans' care now, but he still wanted to avoid as much contact as possible. He tried to get up once again, but all four legs refused to hold him up. He rested his head on the ground, exhausted from trying. Bruno? I prefer my current name, thanks! The adult human carefully lifted him off the ground and he tried not to flinch too much at all the pain that coursed through him. He tried to stifle a whimper, but he knew that the others heard it. He heard them following as the human carried him across the construction site and into the trees. They reached the side of the nearest road, where a car waited. He was put in the back with Shadow and Delilah. Chance was thrown up front and Sassy sat in the middle section. The car was started and began to move. \"It'll be alright, Riley.\" Delilah assured him. \"I hope you're right.\" He responded. \"This is going to be a long night.\"[Chapter 4] After awhile, the car finally pulled to a stop. The humans unloaded Delilah, Chance, and Sassy. The little boy got out as well. Then the two older humans got back in and began driving again. Riley was thankful for the company of Shadow. The older dog would comfort him if he needed it. The pain kept him from moving, so he just lay there, listening to the different sounds. \"How're you doing, Riley?\" Shadow asked after a few minutes. \"Same as before, Shadow.\" He responded. Then he sighed. \"The gang's probably looking for me. Haven't been back there in two days now. I just hope that they stay away from any threats.\" \"They will.\" The golden retriever assured him. Riley shifted so that his paws were tucked underneath him. He forced his front ones to move, stretching them up so he could sit. He glanced out the car window, seeing the city flash by alongside them. One of his legs gave out and he slipped, hitting the car floor once again. \"And I told them that Pete couldn't fight…\" He murmured, recalling the moment. \"Guess I was wrong about that. If it weren't for him, I could've stopped Ashcan.\" \"It's always the unexpected that catches us off guard.\" Shadow told him thoughtfully. \"I guess, yeah.\" Riley responded, getting comfortable. \"In the city, everything's hard to predict. That's why it's good to live in a group, like the gang. Who am I kidding...I should've let one of them come with me. It would've turned out better for me.\" The older dog didn't reply, but glanced at him from across the back of the car. He rested his chin on the floor, too tired and exhausted from the pain to hold it up any longer. He closed his eyes, trying to relax as the time passed by. When the car finally stopped, the moon was high in the night sky. Riley opened his eyes and lifted his head. Shadow was on his feet, looking out the back of the car. One of the humans opened it and the golden retriever jumped down to the ground. He didn't try to follow him, knowing it'd only result in more pain. The younger human picked him up and stepped back while the other closed the back of the car. Shadow walked beside them as they went up to the building. The door was opened and they went in. Other dogs barked at them from where they waited with their humans. Riley watched them curiously, wondering why they cared so much for their owners. Chances were that they'd get dumped on the streets one day. Just like he was when he was a pup. \"Hello, what can I do for you?\" The woman at the vet's desk asked. \"We found this dog at a construction site earlier today.\" Bob Seaver spoke up. \"He's in really bad condition and needs immediate care.\" \"Name?\" She asked. \"Bruno.\" The younger human responded, carefully shifting the dog in his arms. Riley winced slightly, glancing up at him. The teen was looking at him as well. The dog narrowed his eyes and kept the human's gaze for a moment longer before looking away. \"Bruno?\" The woman asked for confirmation. \"Yes.\" \"Alright. There should be someone coming up for him right now.\" She clicked a few times on her computer screen. \"Thank you.\" Peter said gratefully. \"You're welcome.\" They moved out of the way of the next people in line. Then a middle aged man came down a hall. \"Bruno?\" He called. \"That's us.\" Bob responded, walking towards him, followed by Peter and Shadow. They followed the man down the hall and into a room. The human teen put Riley down on the floor before he sat down on a chair next to his father. Shadow laid down out of the way, watching. The man closed the door and then walked over to a computer. \"How long have you had him in your possession?\" \"We just found him on the streets a few hours ago.\" Peter told him. \"Alright…\" The man mused. \"It looks like these are new wounds. He was in a dog fight, that's for sure. A very unfair one, by the looks of it.\" Riley rested his head on the ground, eyeing the humans carefully. \"Should we leave him overnight?\" Bob asked. \"Probably.\" The man agreed, nodding. \"I have your phone number in the computer, so I'll call you when he's ready to be picked up. Hopefully he'll be feeling better by then.\" \"Alright.\" Bob replied, standing up. \"Thank you.\" Peter stood up as well, motioning to Shadow. \"Come on, Shadow.\" \"I'll see you in the morning, Riley.\" The old dog told him as they exited the door. \"See ya, Shadow.\" Riley replied just before the man closed the door. Then the human picked him up, surprising him. The back door to the room was opened and he was carried back to another room. He was laid on his side under some kind of machine. The man pressed a button and the machine let out a beep and a flash of light. He looked up at a screen in the room, which now showed a dog skeleton. The human turned back to Riley and picked him up again. He was carried to a room full of kennels, where other dogs were. None of them were beat up like him. He was put in a kennel next to a gray Great Dane pup. He got comfortable, resting his head on the bottom of the cage. A bowl of water was put in beside a bowl of pet food. Riley lapped up some of the water, refusing to eat that kind of food. He glanced out through the bars of the cage and sighed as he got into a good position to rest. He spotted the pup looking at him. \"What do you want?\" He asked, unsure of how to react. \"What happened to you?\" The pup asked curiously, sniffing at him. \"You get in a fight with the neighbors' dog?\" \"I'm not a pet like you.\" Riley snapped. \"I got in a fight with another street dog.\" \"You're a street dog?\" The pup wagged his tail. \"That's so cool!\" \"Not really, but better than being a pet.\" He retorted. \"You look fine. Why're you here?\" \"I'm here 'cause I'm not growing as fast as my sis.\" He told him. \"I'm Buster. What's your name?\" Riley rested his head on his paws and closed his eyes. \"Riley, but the humans call me Bruno.\" \"Which one do I call you?\" \"Preferably the first one.\" \"Okay, Riley.\" Buster answered. \"How old are you?\" \"I don't keep track.\" He admitted, wishing the pup would leave him alone so he could sleep. \"Really?\" He asked, shocked. \"Every dog should know how old they are.\" The pup went on and on, asking him questions. Riley ignored him, focusing on trying to sleep. His stomach rumbled loudly and the pup laughed. Self consciously, he forced himself to eat enough of the pet food so that he wasn't hungry anymore. He relaxed again, closing his eyes. Sleep came to him.[Chapter 5] Riley woke up when he felt a human take him out of the cage and begin carrying him out of the room. He opened his eyes and blinked away sleep. He rested his head on the human's arm, looking around as he was carried into another room. It was similar to the room he'd been in with Shadow and the two humans the previous day. The man put him down on the floor and carefully began cleaning out his wounds with a wet towel. It stung a lot, but Riley did his best to ignore it. When the human finished, the dog laid his head down on the ground. He was picked up again and taken outside to a small pool of water. The human washed the dust and blood from his fur and dried him off. Then he was taken back to the room they'd left and he laid down. The human left for a little while before he returned. This time, Peter and Bob Seaver were with him as well as Shadow. \"Good morning, Riley.\" The golden retriever greeted. \"Morning, Shadow.\" He replied. \"You're looking much better.\" \"Yeah, well, I don't feel like it.\" The humans sat down, facing the other one. They began talking to each other. \"So, Bruno is injured pretty badly.\" The man began. \"The x-rays didn't reveal any broken bones, which is a good sign. I washed out his wounds this morning and some of them are pretty deep. The good thing is that none of them are infected.\" \"Is there any bad news?\" Peter asked. \"Well, he is a little dehydrated from spending quite some time without water. He drank the whole bowl we gave him right away. He also has a fever, which we think is from something he ate before you found him sometime- obvious food poisoning. His gums are pale, probably from shock. And as you know, he isn't that heavy. We did some research last night and discovered that he has heartworms.\" The man shook his head. \"He's in pretty bad shape, but if we work at it, I think we can get him back to full health.\" \"Okay.\" Bob said in a small voice, nodding. \"What do you think we should do with him?\" The man asked. \"Should we keep him here to treat him or do you want to take him.\" The two humans exchanged glances. \"Please?\" Peter pleaded. \"Alright. We'll take Bruno with us.\" Bob decided. \"So, here's a few medications to deal with his fever and heartworms.\" The doctor handed him a list. \"They can easily be found at any store. Also, keep a fresh bowl of water out for him at all times. It'll help with his dehydration.\" \"Is that all?\" Peter asked. \"Yep.\" The man nodded. \"Just take care of him and he'll be fine.\" \"Thanks.\" Bob smiled gratefully. \"No problem.\" The doctor shook hands with him and then with Peter. \"Have a good day.\" \"You too.\" Peter replied. The teen picked Riley up and carried him out of the room, followed by Bob and Shadow. They exited the building, walking over to the car. Bob opened the back and Peter put him down inside. Shadow jumped up inside and sat down beside him. The humans closed the back and got into their seats. The car turned on and began to drive away. Riley shifted into a more comfortable position, resting his head on his paws. He yawned boredly, glancing over at Shadow. The old dog laid down facing him. *X* The car pulled to a stop a little while later. The engine wasn't turned off and the humans left their doors open as they opened the back to take them out. Shadow leapt to the ground, wagging his tail. Bob grabbed Riley and carried him inside the house. He spotted Chance and Delilah lying together through the back window. Sassy was laying on a chair, minding her own business in the living room. Riley was carried through the house and into the back. The two dogs looked up, Delilah looking happy to see him. The human put him down on the patio under some shade. Another human carried a bowl of water out and put it next to him. Shadow walked outside too just as the humans went back inside. Delilah licked Riley's neck in greeting. \"You're looking alright, Riley.\" \"It'd help if I wasn't hurting all over.\" He complained. \"You'll be fine soon enough.\" Shadow told him. \"And then what?\" Chance asked. \"You think they'll let him go back in the streets? They might take him to the pound!\" \"I'll find a way back.\" Riley assured him. \"One day soon, I will.\" \"You sound like Shadow saying that.\" Sassy joked sarcastically from the doorway. She walked over and jumped on a table, looking down at them. He rolled his eyes and forced himself into a sitting position. \"You seem quite comfortable for a dog who doesn't trust humans.\" Chance pointed out. Riley carefully picked his words. \"Well, like you told me, not all humans are that bad.\" \"Hmmph. Well, you've caught on fast enough.\" Sassy meowed. The human pup poked his head out of the doorway. \"Chance! Lunch!\" \"Did he say food?\" Chance jerked his head in that direction, drooling. The boy shook a bowl filled with something. \"Yep, he did say food. Well, see ya.\" The dog took off towards the door, tail wagging. He scrambled inside, slipping on the tile of the kitchen floor. He regained his balance and darted out of sight. Delilah bounded after him, more carefully. Sassy ran after them, her fluffy tail behind her. \"I'll be right back, Riley.\" Shadow promised, following the other pets inside. \"I'm in no hurry.\" He said to himself after the dog was gone. A few moments later, Shadow came back through the door, carrying a bowl full of food in his jaws. He placed it next to Riley and turned to go back inside. \"There you go, Riley.\" The older dog said. \"Thanks, Shadow.\" He responded, looking at the bowl. \"You're welcome.\" Shadow told him, bounding up the steps and into the house to get his own food. Riley got his hind legs under him with effort and bent down to eat. Once he finished, he took a few, unsteady steps to the water and drank until he was no longer thirsty. He picked up the empty food bowl in his mouth and carefully walked up the steps and inside the house. He dropped it next to Chance's empty bowl and walked over to the living room, lying down. The humans were eating their own lunch at a round table in the dining room. By the smell of it, they were eating pizza. Chance raced past, stepping on Riley's tail. \"Ouch.\" He mumbled, moving his tail out of the way. Delilah looked up as she finished eating her food, clearly unsurprised that Chance was running around. Shadow looked up mid-bite, obviously irritated. Sassy hissed at Chance s he went by her. She was annoyed at everything, so it was nothing new. Delilah went out the back door, following Chance. Sassy sat on the edge of the counter, looking around. Shadow finished eating and walked over, lying down beside Riley. One of the humans, a girl, walked over and picked up Sassy, who purred in reply. The youngest human, Jamie, raced out the backdoor to play with Chance and Delilah. The teen and his father finished eating and went back out into the garage, where the car was still running. The sound of the engine faded, until it could be heard no longer. The mother of the family cleaned up from the meal and came over into the living room. She looked at Riley, a sympathetic look on her face. She reached down and stroked him gently, careful of his injuries. Then she sat down nearby. Riley took a moment to think. Maybe the pets were right. Maybe these humans weren't so bad after all. He closed his eyes to rest, his mind at peace for the time being.[Chapter 6] A couple of weeks had passed and Riley was healing really well. Walking was easy again and he was even getting used to the humans. It didn't mean that he completely trusted them yet though. Scars were the only remains of the battle with Ashcan and Pete now. Fur was beginning to regrow over them. Any day now and he was going to go back to the city. Good thing the humans didn't usually lock the back gate. Riley laid in the grass of the late afternoon sun, thinking. He didn't want to leave the pets and Delilah. They'd become great friends to have and rely on. But he couldn't stay here either. The gang needed him. He wasn't a pet - he was a street dog; a stray. It was in his blood. He had to leave sooner rather than later. And that soon was now. He got to his paws, walking towards the open white fence gate that led back to the street. He was nearly there, when he heard a voice behind him. \"Where are you going?\" It was Delilah. \"Delilah…\" He sighed. \"I can't stay here, okay? I'm nearly back to full health, so I'm going home.\" \"What if Ashcan and Pete find you again?\" She insisted. \"It's inevitable. They'll always be around.\" Riley reminded her. \"Besides, the gang needs me. I can't leave them hanging much longer. I've been missing for a few weeks. They need me, like Chance needs you and like they need the humans.\" \"But, Riley-\" \"No buts, Delilah. I'm going home and that's all there is to it. Say goodbye to the pets for me.\" Her tail drooped and her head lowered. \"Farewell, Delilah.\" Riley said, turning around and walking through the gate. \"Farewell, Riley…\" Delilah replied, her voice barely above a whisper. \"Good luck out there.\" *X* Riley scrambled off the edge of the Golden Gate Bridge. The shadows were long and the sky was pinkish-orange. The humans were zooming past in their cars, ignoring him. The birds were quieting down as they got settled for the night. He slipped into the bushes, sneaking towards the construction site. He reached it a few minutes later and narrowed his eyes as he scanned the area for Pete and Ashcan. He spotted fresh tracks and realized he heard voices. He slid through the undergrowth carefully, staying low. He moved away from the voices of his enemies, accidently stepping on a stick. \"What was that?\" Ashcan growled. \"What was what, boss?\" Pete asked dumbly. \"I heard something.\" \"You heard what?\" \"Ah, shut up.\" The boxer snapped. Even more wary now, Riley made sure not to step on anything as he moved towards the other side of the construction site. He reached it with ease and began trotting towards the city. *X* The sun was shining brightly down on the city of San Francisco as he spotted the old warehouse building. He was weary from travelling without sleep and his stomach growled furiously. But, he was home. He let out a triumphant bark, calling,\"Yo, anybody home?!\" Spike's white head poked out of the hole on the first floor. \"Riley? Hey guys, Riley's back!\" Riley straightened up as the gang rushed out, yapping at him all at once. He was home. ","Summary":" \"Bando, hey, come on. Maybe she'll come back.\" Riley told the hound walking away from him. \"I do"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Dog Dayz","Author":"susanlwade1962","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11661643","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hang on to far sassy, well okay chance walked to car. later. \"Tv training Dayz he saw chance yah next to dogs\" sassy cried Hope walked away to bike ride to school today is Monday Morning.[Chapter 2] chance,shadow,girlfriend of chance,pilot and Gromit waiting for Yorktown dog show in resale value after Seaver ride for car with dogs! Back to Seaver's Home sassy Cooks popcorn with each microwave and opens up and water with cup and drinks and sits it's chair well back at school \"Hope We'll iKnow Kids Lets Learn how much I love the fact is fat cat Lucy and dog lumpy chased off\" said teacher hodge. back at Yorktown \"chance come here boy\" said Bob \"thanks buddy\" \"We'll Know Shadow Thanks to Ready for This\" said Chance \"Okay\" Shadow Said back to Seaver's home again \"since okay\" sassy Droned the voice out of meowed \"sassy\" said Hope hope is back home.[Chapter 3] hunt here ginger chases rabbits with a grass and kills bunny and she run to hut 17 later later back to Seaver's home \"yep\" hope said back to Yorktown \"chance gauge how much you love\" said Delilah to Chance \"well Saidback\" said shadow with pilot and Gromit against the background music for me to cd Bob Gave Some What's Now 37 CD Yah Later to Seaver's Home Sassy Turns TV on Last Night \"what\" said hope \"sassy hugged me\" ginger Is later moving the stairs to baptistery books back at Seaver's home \"sssh sassy now I forgot the name of book now\" said hope and she runs to book store and bike goes out of sidewalk outside. later to dogs \"chance,shadow,Delilah,pilot and Gromit\" said the mr tweedy to back of mrs tweedy many checkboards at all has day for Following Be Next Tomorrow.[Chapter 4] chance,shadow,Delilah and sassy were sleeping in bedroom of Seaver's Childish Bedtime later dogs and chickens asleep at away two dogs sleep at night later \"c'mon Gromit wake up\" said Wallace look Gromit opens eyes slowly and wel yawns as whining dog wallace said that \"we can't go to sleep but,training?\" He Said \"well training Dayz we'll see what Did chance,shadow and chance's girlfriend now\" said pilot and but fake sneeze again a.k.a fake coughs later hope called to sassy stays home from house \"hello,man\" said hope \"lets you to training Dayz is dog show!\" Said a Man \"be good\" said hope Seaver and phone is out for top. back at Yorktown \"okay well dog show is here!\" Said Man \"shadow look\" said chance and looks at training dayz wow \"said his country dog Lilly says 'mom' yell at me\" said Delilah at Seaver's home Sassy Walked \"shut up you hope\" sassy yelled out soaking walking away back at Yorktown dog show \"oh yeah two dobermans,2 dogs & 3 dogs what\" said mr tweedy with Bob Seaver \"this book that runs to block training to run and jump and race are you ready\" Wallace said but,Pilot sighed \"whatever Gromit you know and chance and shadow runs\" said pilot Man Walked and Walked and Stand Up \"ready,Set,Go !\" Said to 2 dogs with 3 dog and two dobermans running for training Dayz block. at Seaver's Home Yes Sassy Watched with Hope.[Chapter 5] Being Narrative by Chance \"Later for This year to be the same thing sassy opens her eyes and she walked away\" But Sassy Opens Her Eyes Again,At Yorktown Dog Show All Dogs Training For Background Music \"Wha- wha- what did she say? Mmmm, whatcha say, Mmmm, that you only meant well? Well, of course you did Mmmm, whatcha say, Jason Derulo Mmmm, that it's all for the best? Of course it is I was so wrong for so long Only tryin' to please myself (myself) Girl, I was caught up in her lust When I don't really want no one else So, no, I know I should've treated you better But me and you were meant to last forever So let me in (let me in) give me another chance (another chance) To really be your man 'Cause when the roof caved in and the truth came out I just didn't know what to do But when I become a star We'll be living so large I'll do anything for you So tell me, girls Mmmm, whatcha say, Mmmm, that you only meant well? Well, of course you did Mmmm, whatcha\" Later Chance,Shadow,Delilah,Pilot & Gromit Winner for Such-fullest \"okay you ready for a metonymy area lofty\" Mrs Tweedy Said \"all right\" \"hey see that red by man\" said Bob Seaver \"said his race is done\" said Jamie \"come to my mom\" said Peter He's Happy with Pets \"Gromit Good Job\" said Wallace then Pilot walked to \"great job\" Wallace said but later luara petted chance \"chance oh I know you winning streak training\" said Luara later Minute Gromit and Pilot and Wallace go back to the house but he sits in chair in Seaver's home Chance,Shadow,Delilah,Peter,Jamie,Bob and Luara Is now going to the house in moment Yes later hut 17 in Years and he walked into door and hits it by door step \"ow\" he said ginger runs into a wall and stay a whille \"Sssssh\" ginger your said Later \"yes ginger that I have\" Said rocky At the End \"aye chihuahua\" said chihuahua .[Chapter 6] DO YOU KNOW HOW MUCH YOU LOVE ENDING MY NIGHT WAS THE READING PLANS THE GROMIT MEET NEW FRIENDS FEMALE BORDER COLLIE,PILOT GOES TO YORKTOWN DOG SHOW WITH EACH TWO DOBERMANS WILL,CHANCE WELL GOT TO SLEEP WAKES UP AND WALKED AWAY WITH THE LIVINGROOM AND CLOSE THE DOOR FOR YOU AND HE RUNS TO HALLWAY AND SASSY IN CHAIR NOW SHE WANTS TO EAT A CAT FOOD NOW I'M JUST LIKE FOOD,THEN TWO DOGS WITH 3 DOGS AND TWO DOBERMANS TRAINING FOR DOG SHOW RUNNING TYPE BARK JUMP ON IT FOR A RACING WEEK IS A VERY HAPPY WINNER WE HAD. THIS IS HOMEWARD BOUND,CHICKEN RUN AND WALLACE AND GROMIT CROSSOVER. ","Summary":" Hang on to far sassy, well okay chance walked to car. later. \"Tv training Dayz he saw chance yah n"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Moonrise","Author":"Sabari","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10098077","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"In self-defense and in defense of the innocent, cowardice is the only sin.\" ~ Dean Koontz FRIDAY For Chance, the day had begun like any other. Like most of his kind, Chance greeted each new day with warm enthusiasm, a habit which was not shared by those he lived with. While he ran in circles, leaping excitedly and making loud incoherent noises, the others generally stumbled out of bed like it was a funeral march. They would struggle to sit up, yawn numerous times and then stagger gracelessly out of bed. This behavior was extremely perplexing to Chance who, like most of his kind, had been born to believe that each day was a gift, a wonderful adventure just waiting to be had. Each day brought with it the promise of something new, as well as the continuation of that which he found familiar and dear. But Chance, like most of his kind, had little idea of the daily toils of those he lived with. He had no understanding of money, not of commerce or bargaining. He had no knowledge of government or education. He could not know why those he lived with thought leaving their home to be such a chore. Whenever he went with them, he had a grand time. Yet all behaved as if the bright world outside hurt their eyes, almost as if it distressed them greatly. But for Chance, morning was a time to speak loudly, and rejoice in being alive. For this reason, he was usually let out of the house first thing in the morning. Sassy often slept until noon and, during bad weather, would refuse to leave the house at all. Shadow took his time getting up. He was always ready to go outside when someone was available to let him out, but the old dog was never in a hurry. This was especially true at this time of year. The leg he'd injured a year ago had never quite healed, and it clearly pained him during cold weather, in addition to all the other aches which seemed to be such a part of old age. But he'd proven he could still run with the best of them, and had more in him even now than some dogs had in their prime. In any case, Chance was first out the door. He had a lot to do today, and he set right to work. He barked at the mailman, and a delivery guy. He chased a number of squirrels and marked every tree in the yard before setting out into the woods behind the house in search of a bone he'd buried there last week. It was probably pretty delicious by now, having lain in the dirt all week. Shadow was outside by the time Chance set out to the woods, but he did not accompany the younger dog. Instead, he found a sunny spot in the yard and lay down to bask in the warm rays, the last there would be for some time if the wind's chill was any indication. \"I don't see how you can just lie there with those woods out there, just waiting to be explored,\" Chance said, trying to bait the old dog into accompanying him. Like most dogs, Chance enjoyed company. He wanted Shadow to go with him. \"Those woods have been explored,\" Shadow replied neutrally, \"You explored them yesterday, and the day before that, and the day before that. Three times, most days.\" \"But not last night. Can you imagine the kind of stuff that's been going on in there? Squirrels, birds, rabbits, who knows! Maybe even a moose!\" Shadow rolled his eyes in the direction of the woods without raising his head. Then he looked at Chance. His expression was clearly dismissive. He had absolutely no interest whatsoever in going out to the woods, and wasn't impressed by Chance's description, either. \"Why would you ever want to explore the woods?\" Sassy asked, stepping daintily out onto the front porch and then carefully seating herself, fluffy tail curled around her paws \"You've lived in the woods. You know how awful they are,\" she began to bathe, pausing between licks to continue, \"Haven't you seen enough yet? Or did you learn nothing at all from what happened to us?\" \"You don't get it,\" Chance said, looking at the woods with longing, \"There's all kinds of cool stuff out there, just waiting for me to find it. Maybe I'll even find a good stick to chew.\" \"How revolting,\" Sassy meowed, but Chance decided to ignore her and bounded out into the woods. As he'd expected, Chance found a wide variety of things to occupy his attention. He chased some rabbits, almost cornered one when it reached the edge of a brook, but the rabbit veered sharply away and Chance splashed right across it before coming to an ungainly halt, turning and lumbering after the escaping rodent. He found a possum in a tree and yapped at it for awhile, before growing bored and running off to follow the scent of a deer herd which had passed through during the night. Tail high and wagging, he followed their trail, which led him back to the brook and then ran parallel to it. He briefly snuffled at an empty hollow log before picking up the trail once more. \"The wild dog must constantly work to hone his instincts,\" Chance said aloud to himself, \"For only constant practice will enable him to-\" he never finished the sentence. The ground beneath his paws was vibrating. He stopped dead in his tracks and looked at the rattling pebbles on the trail, then up ahead. This had never happened before. He wasn't sure what to make of it. There was a roaring in his ears, but it might have just been the sound of his blood. He was so consumed by the vibration and sound that he forgot to sniff. The bushes in front of him rustled, first quietly, then more and more violently. The big dog felt a tremor run through him and he backed up. If Shadow had been with him, he would have made a brave show, but as he was alone, he had no one to protect his reputation from. Just as he decided to run, the bushes parted and large, swift figures bounded into view. The deer herd was stampeding towards him, leaping and bounding, their breath coming in snorting gasps. Chance barked at them futilely. They came on, rushing like a single body, faster than Chance could ever hope to be. Even so, seeing that they would not turn, he whirled about and fled at top speed, forgetting everything about being a \"wild dog\" and that adventure was specifically what he'd come out here to find. He'd found it alright, and wanted to lose it as fast as possible. The deer had almost overtaken him when his path and theirs turned sharply away from one another. The deer followed the curve of the brook, while Chance splashed across it. He'd run on several yards before realizing they weren't following. Curiosity overcame his fear and he halted, turned back and crept to the bank. He wanted a look at whatever it was that had scared the deer so. The pungent smell of fear hung heavy in the late autumn air, seeming to cling to the forest like frost in winter. It was more than simple fear scent though. Chance noticed that smell each time he chased a rabbit. This was something... more. These deer were more than afraid, they were terrified. What could frighten them so badly? Chance began wondering if he really did want to see the monstrous predator that was after the deer when a new scent blew in on the wind. A bad smell. An evil smell. Chance yelped as though stricken, and backed up, an involuntary defensive growl welling up in his throat. His tail lowered, then tucked and he kept backing. The bad smell was overwhelming, all-consuming. He couldn't think, could barely breathe. All he knew was that he wanted to get away from it, but he dared not turn his back on it. His lips curled and his eyes rolled and he growled again. As soon as he was beyond the bank of the brook, he turned and fled through the woods, making straight for home as fast as his legs were capable of carrying him, not slowing or stopping even when his breath began to come in gasps. He hadn't managed to regain any composure at all on reaching the yard. He ran full steam, vaulted the seesaw and careened around the sand box. He leaped onto the porch and only then realized he had to slow down because his way was barred by the front door. His claws skittered uselessly on the wood and he swung himself sideways, hitting the door with his shoulder. As he did so, Sassy yowled in protest and leaped from the welcome mat onto the railing, her fur puffed out and eyes wide. As Chance impacted, Shadow had gotten to his feet and began to bark. He knew Chance was running from something, and it was his instinct to warn whatever it was off the property. He had no idea what Chance was fleeing from, but he didn't care. Whatever it was, it had no right to be here. Hearing the deep bark of Shadow made Chance feel a twinge of embarrassment. He'd been a coward to run like he had, without even a bark, and he might well have led the thing, whatever it was, right to their front door. Trembling with guilt, he crept down the stairs and came crawling to Shadow's side, unable to muster in himself the courage to bark, but unwilling to let the old dog take a stand alone. When nothing came tearing out of the forest after a minute, Shadow ceased his barking and listened expectantly. Hearing nothing unusual, he sniffed at the air, seeking evidence of the terrible something which had driven Chance from the woods. \"What is it? What's out there?\" Sassy asked nervously, peering down from the railing. She was seriously considering climbing up to the roof. For a better view, of course. After all, it wasn't like she was scared or anything. Her tail lashed of its own accord, refusing to let her kid herself. \"I dunno,\" Chance managed to whisper, \"But it was big, and it was hideous and awful and... and... and I don't think it followed me. It must have kept chasing the deer.\" \"Deer?\" Shadow swung his head towards Chance, his gaze critical, \"You panicked over a herd of deer?\" \"No, something was chasing them,\" Chance insisted, \"Something huge and monstrous... it had these, these claws and... and this horrible smell.\" Sassy hissed at the description, but Shadow wasn't impressed. He could see the guilt written plainly on Chance's face. Maybe something had spooked him, but it probably didn't match his description at all. Chance had the gift of exaggeration, and more pride than good sense. \"Show me where it was,\" Shadow ordered. \"I'll just stay here,\" Sassy meowed from the railing, \"You two can tell me all about it when you get back.\" Chance, having recovered from his fear, was eager to prove that the thing was really out there, and that it was every bit as terrible as he'd described. He led the way, actually running in the hopes that the creature would still be nearby. But Shadow would not be hurried and trotted at an even pace, keeping to the trail the two of them had forged through many a forest exploration, sniffing as he went. \"Hurry up!\" Chance called, trying to goad Shadow into picking up the pace, \"It's not far now!\" \"The scent will still be there,\" Shadow replied mildly, \"even if your monster isn't. You know that as well as I do.\" \"Well yeah, but-\" \"If it was chasing deer like you said, it's already long gone. A minute or two more won't make any difference to the trail it left. So pipe down.\" They reached the brook and Chance hesitated, putting his head down warily. Shadow didn't break stride as he splashed into the water, making his steady way across and then pulling to an abrupt halt. Even from across the water, Chance could see the golden fur about Shadow's neck bristle and the hair along his back rise in a stiff ridge. The older dog flattened his ears to his head and began to back up. Then he shook himself, and dropped his head, putting his nose to the ground and inhaling deeply. That only made Chance even more uneasy. If even Shadow had to struggle against the urge to run just from the scent, it must be bad. \"I told you I didn't imagine it!\" Chance shouted, but Shadow ignored him. Now Shadow was trotting up and down the bank, head still down as he made out the beast's trail by scent. Suddenly he stopped, one paw raised, halted mid-step by something he'd either seen or smelled. \"What? What did you find?\" Chance asked, but Shadow didn't respond. Taking a deep breath, Chance plunged across the brook and came to stand beside Shadow. The smell was not as overwhelming as it had been, the creature it belonged to was evidently long gone. But it was still awful, and Chance couldn't help but shiver. The forest didn't seem so friendly anymore. At first, he couldn't figure out what Shadow had found. He sniffed and snuffed, but all he could find was the smell of the creature, the same wherever he found it. Powerful, offensive, all-pervading, so much that he could barely make out the smell of the deer underneath. Then Chance realized it wasn't the scent which had so entranced Shadow, but something on the ground. Something he was looking at. Chance looked, but at first didn't see what was so interesting about the track on the ground. A dog's sight is relatively poor, and Chance certainly hadn't much practiced using his eyes for identification purposes. But when he did see, he had to sit down and whine a bit to ease his confusion. There, right in front of Shadow, was a print. But not an animal one. It looked for all the world like the tread of a sneaker. That was impossible, there was no fresh human scent in the area, Chance would have smelled it earlier if there was. But the print was there nevertheless, plain as day, unmistakable, undeniable and inexplicable. A/N: I'd say this story is the product of too many nights without sleep and too many bad horror flicks (as though there's any other kind) Set prior to Homeward Bound II (or, better yet, forget that movie even exists. Please. Do the world a favor). Potentially AU. Having written all this, I vaguely recall seeing a fence around the Seaver property but, for the sake of the story, I'm pretending the place was unfenced.[Chapter 2] Shadow was quiet on the way back to the house, but it seemed to Chance that he was panting more heavily than usual, a sure sign that he was deeply worried. For whatever reason, he had decided not to follow the scent trail, and Chance was just as glad of that. It meant he didn't have to pit his pride against his cowardice, or look bad in front of Shadow. It also meant he wouldn't have to face the thing, which he was convinced could tear him apart. He was reminded distantly of the bear he'd encountered once. Somehow the scent gave the impression of a hulking, shaggy behemoth, ferocious in disposition and inherently violent in nature. Only this thing smelled ever so much more dangerous than a mere bear. That single notion was enough to make Chance lag behind, dragging his feet miserably at the thought that there was something in the world more hazardous than a raging mother grizzly. A thought struck him and he felt a surge of hope. He loped up to Shadow's side and voiced his hopeful thought, wishing with all his heart that Shadow would see it as a sensible one and confirm what he wanted to believe more than anything in the world. \"Maybe... maybe it's gone on,\" he suggested, \"Maybe it's just passing through. You know, like it's migrating or something. Or... um... well, maybe it's looking for a hunting ground. There's not enough wildlife here to support a big predator is there? Is there?\" Truthfully, Chance hadn't the foggiest idea how much prey there needed to be to support a big predator, he'd never once given it a thought. And he'd barely given consideration to what made animals migrate either. But now he'd latched onto the idea, he wanted it to be true. It seemed reasonable. After all, there weren't bears or mountain lions around. Not here. \"No,\" Shadow replied, \"But I don't think it's going to be that easy.\" \"What? Why not?\" \"That scent...\" Shadow paused, almost uncertainly, giving Chance a chill as he concluded, \"It didn't belong to a predator.\" \"Huh?\" Chance stopped dead in his tracks, then had to run to catch up with Shadow, \"What do you mean? It was chasing the deer, it must have been hunting them.\" \"So what?\" Chance wasn't sure how to answer that. By his understanding, predators chased, killed and ate other animals. That was what made him predatory. Or would have, if he'd been a wild thing as he often pretended to be. Mostly he just chased without catching, and ate what he found in his bowl (or on someone's plate, when the opportunity arose). Sassy herself was predatory, if only because her cat food wasn't mouse flavored. But still, wasn't the whole chasing thing part of it? \"Chance, that wasn't the smell of a hungry animal,\" Shadow sighed, seeing the bewilderment on the younger dog's face, he added, \"It wasn't hunting the deer for food.\" \"It wasn't? What was it hunting them for then?\" \"You should know,\" Shadow replied, \"You do it all the time.\" \"Do what?... you mean... track and chase for fun?\" Chase guessed. \"Well yeah, but I don't run deer like that. You didn't see them,\" he shuddered, remembering. The deer had been rolling their eyes, foam had spewed from their open mouths as their tongues lolled and flapped in the wind generated by their forward motion. Their bodies had been so heated that Chance could feel it from a distance. They'd been run into exhaustion. \"And I don't kill things,\" Chance went on, \"Except squirrels. I'd totally kill a squirrel.\" \"If you could catch it,\" Shadow snorted, then became serious, \"That's the difference between us and that... thing . We've killed for food, and Sassy kills to keep the vermin population down. Never mind that she has fun while she's at it, that's more about sharpening her skills anyway. But that... out there,\" he halted and looked over his shoulder uneasily, \"That isn't an animal. I don't know what it is, but I do know that. And, whatever it is, it's hunting and killing only for the fun of it.\" Chance shuddered, then shook himself, \"Well maybe it'll have more fun in somebody else's woods, huh? I mean, I chase the animals around here all the time. I bet there's more somewhere else, that are easier to catch, right?\" \"Maybe,\" Shadow conceded, but did not appear convinced. As they approached the house, Chance realized there was something out of the ordinary. Something seemed different. The smell was different. He felt a stab of fear, not for himself, but for Jamie, who was inside the house. He let loose a thunderous bark and bounded towards the house. \"Chance! Wait!\" Shadow shouted after him, but his voice went unheard. Chance bounded onto the porch and heaved his full bulk of ninety pounds against the door. Still barking, he backed up and lined himself up for another go at the door, which hadn't budged. \"Chance, stop it!\" Shadow barked, but the young dog lunged at the door a second time anyway. Shadow climbed the porch steps and, as Chance backed up to hit the door again, he stepped into the bigger dog's path with calm deliberation. And there he stood, cool and completely collected. \"Stop it. Right now,\" Shadow said, and this time Chance heard him, \"Can't you smell straight? We just have company. That's all. Calm down.\" At this point, Jamie opened the door. \"Come inside, Chance,\" he beckoned, \"Aunt Tracy and Uncle Jim are here.\" Meekly, Chance padded past Shadow and Jamie and walked into the house. He followed Jamie into the living room where the guests were seated, drinking coffee and chatting with the family. Aunt Tracy was Mom's sister, Jim was Tracy's husband. Chance stood in the middle of the room, looking from one family member to another. Sassy was curled up on the piano for a nap, but her sapphire eyes opened at the sound of the dog's nails clicking on the floor. Shadow had taken the rear of the procession and went to lie down next to Peter. \"Well, what did you find?\" Sassy asked, trying to sound casual. \"Evil, that's what,\" Chance snapped, and paced mournfully across the room to sit next to Jamie. He looked up at his boy, but found no comfort there. Jamie was blissfully unaware of the thing in the woods, oblivious of all danger and fully absorbed in what the humans were talking about. \"Bob and I, well, we need some time alone together,\" Mom was saying, \"I'm so glad you and Jim can stay for the weekend, it takes a lot of the pressure off.\" \"We're happy to do it,\" Tracy replied, \"The kid's will be fine, don't you worry about it.\" \"I can't help it,\" Mom said, \"But I'm sure you'll take good care of them.\" \"And they'll take care of the animals,\" Dad replied, \"Jamie might forget to feed Chance, but you'll know if he has because Chance... well... he's unmanageable anyway, but it's worse if he hasn't been fed.\" \"Besides,\" Peter put in, \"Chance wouldn't let us forget. If he doesn't get fed, he'll bark.\" \"A lot,\" Jamie added, \"and he drools too.\" \"Oh no,\" Shadow moaned, looking from one family member to another. \"What? What's going on?\" Chance asked, rising to his feet. \"They're going to leave,\" Shadow replied, moving to a sitting position, \"Bob and Laura, they're going away. They shouldn't go away,\" he looked up at Peter as though seeking in the boy's face some sort of understanding, but there was none to be found. He was clearly resisting the urge to whine, but Chance didn't have the self-control for that. He whimpered morosely and sat, leaning against Jamie, licking the boy's hand. \"How can you tell? Are you sure?\" Chance asked. \"Yes, but I don't know why. They really shouldn't leave right now,\" Shadow repeated. \"Then we've got to stop them!\" Chance decided, getting to his feet again. Purposefully, he bounded from the room and leaped up the stairs. To his dismay, the master bedroom door was shut. He pawed at it, but it was latched. Frantic now, Chance scratched at it and began to yelp his distress. Sassy, who had followed him, looked on dispassionately. \"You'll never get in that way,\" she purred, \"and why do you want to anyway? What's so bad about them leaving? They'll be back, I can tell they won't be gone long. Shadow can too. And besides, Hope is staying here, that's what matters most.\" \"You weren't there,\" Chance growled, still digging futilely at the door, \"You didn't smell it, so you don't know! That thing in the woods... it's not just a wild animal... it's... it's... I don't know... maybe it's a moose. I just know it's bad, and they shouldn't go, they shouldn't leave us here.\" In Chance's view, and Shadow's as well, Mom and Dad (or Laura and Bob) were the pack leaders. It was their job to protect and give instruction to the rest of the family. To decide what should be done in tense situations. And this certainly qualified. Neither Chance nor Shadow relished the idea of that responsibility falling to them. But it surely would if the parents left. The kids certainly couldn't make the tough choices. Not yet. Sassy, being a cat, didn't get what the big deal was about. Independent by nature, she didn't feel the need of anyone's protection. Save, perhaps, Shadow. Her trust in the old dog knew no bounds. Being a cat, Sassy had no illusions that humans were anything special. Where a dog looks upon man as man might look upon God, a cat will do no such thing. She may love her people, but she believes that it is they who should adore her, not the other way around. \"Well wild animals never come near houses. Shadow says so,\" Sassy told him matter-of-factly, \"So don't worry your dumb smelly head about it. Go chew some shoes or something, you'll feel better.\" \"But it's not!\" Chance was panting now, and still pawing at the door with all his might, \"It's not a wild animal! Shadow said it's not an animal at all!\" Sassy's eyes widened perceptibly, but she didn't have time to answer. \"Chance! Come here, boy!\" Jamie called from downstairs. For the first time, Chance was reluctant to answer his boy. He hesitated, but at Jamie's second call, he turned away from the door, accepting that he couldn't get in. Dejectedly, he descended the stairs and traipsed into the living room, avoiding Shadow's gaze. \"You had to know the door was locked,\" Shadow said gently, \"Humans learn from experience, and you've torn up enough blouses for them to take some precautions.\" \"Yeah...\" Chance sighed and dropped to a lying down position heavily. The three animals watched nervously while Mom and Dad made their final preparations, observed in silence as they went upstairs for their bags, then followed them to the door. Mom and Dad, happy and unaware of the danger, hugged everyone and then left. The remaining family waved from the front porch until the car was out of sight. \"Now we're in trouble,\" Chance groaned, \"I... I don't like this. Maybe I can chase them down and make them come back. You think that would work?\" \"No,\" Shadow replied, then sighed, \"No. They're gone, and it's up to us to protect the family until they get back,\" he got up and strode to the edge of the yard and looked out at the forest. Chance stayed closer to the house, but watched the old dog closely, wondering what Shadow was doing. Sassy, for her part, had been picked up by Hope and carried into the house, where she would have her afternoon brushing, as was necessary for a cat who had a coat like hers. For a moment, Shadow dropped his head down between his shoulders. The fur along his back and neck stood on end and he seemed twice as large somehow. His tail stood out behind him stiffly. He then let loose a noise which was half a bark, half a growl, and all menace. Just one, and that was all. But the meaning was clear. Even a human could understand it. It meant: There's a dog living here, and he'll protect this place. Stay away if you know what's good for you. \"Shadow? What is it, boy?\" Peter asked from the porch. Hearing the voice of his boy, Shadow flattened his coat and turned towards him, jaws parted in a nervous pant. Silently, he came to stand by his boy. \"Don't worry, Shadow,\" Peter said, \"They're only gone for the weekend. They'll be back on Monday.\" But Shadow would not be soothed. He had no way of knowing what that meant. If he had known what day of the week it was, or what a week was, it wouldn't have made him feel any better. Monday was a long way off.[Chapter 3] Chance spent the rest of the day pacing from one place to another, first in the house, then outside, then back again, until Jamie got tired of letting him in and out and left him outside. Then he paced around the house, then around again, then lay down on the back porch, got up, and paced some more. Shadow, for his part, stayed at the edge of the property, looking out at the woods. Each time there was a noise, his hackles went up, but it always turned out to be one of the usual suspects and nothing to get alarmed about. He only left his post when Peter called him to come play ball for awhile. But it was clear Shadow's heart was not in it for once and Peter soon gave up and left him alone, whereupon the dog immediately returned to his station out back. \"I don't understand what's gotten into him,\" Peter told Uncle Jim. \"He's probably just worried about your parents,\" Uncle Jim replied reasonably, \"Old dogs don't like change.\" \"But he's looking out back. If he was waiting for Mom and Dad to come home, he would be standing at the mailbox. Besides, they've left before and he's never acted this way.\" Jim tried a few more tactics to get Peter's mind off the dog, but eventually gave up. Peter and Shadow were so attuned to one another that they knew immediately when the other was worried about something in more than the usual way. Peter didn't know what was bothering his dog, but he knew it must be something. Unlike Chance, Shadow didn't make a big deal over nothing. Not ever. There was something out in the woods, Peter was sure of it. Something which had his dog very concerned. He resolved to make sure everyone, kids and animals included, was inside by nightfall. He'd never been scared of the woods before, having lived his whole life here. But if Shadow thought there was something out there, who was he to ignore his dog's warning? The setting sun only increased Chance's agitation. He added whining to his pacing, and frequently stopped to scent the air. He wasn't sure if it was just his own trepidation getting to him, or if it was Shadow's odd behavior. If Shadow was concerned, he should be too, that much he did know. \"Shadow! Chance!\" Peter's voice in the dusk pulled both dogs from their activities. They came without enthusiasm, knowing they were being called in for the night. They would spend the night inside, where scents and sounds were muffled, where walls blocked their view on every side. But they had a certain amount of confidence in the house. After all, it was able to keep them in or out, so they had sort of formed the belief that it could keep anything in or out, provided that it couldn't use the door. And the doors were locked at night, so anyone wanting in would need a key to open it. They knew this, and yet they still hesitated at the foot of the porch steps. Shadow looked over his shoulder, Chance whined low in his throat. \"Come on, guys,\" Peter ordered, \"Time for bed.\" Shadow climbed the steps obediently, and Chance followed, looking over his shoulder time and again, unhappy about leaving the outdoors unguarded overnight. He went at once up the stairs to Jamie's room to wait for his boy to finish brushing his teeth and climb into bed. Chance had a bed of his own, but would invariably climb onto Jamie's bed as soon as all the lights in the house were out. Tonight, he did not wait for that. He leaped onto the bed immediately and was sitting there when Jamie came in. \"Chance, you're not supposed to be in my bed,\" Jamie said, \"Get in your own.\" His pointing finger was enough to send the large dog oozing off the mattress and onto the floor. Chance crawled his way to his own bed and looked over his shoulder miserably, hoping for a change of heart. But the boy knew the house rules. Dogs didn't belong on the bed. As soon as Tracy and Jim went to bed, he would call the dog onto the bed, but until then, Chance had to stay on the floor. \"In bed, Chance,\" Jamie insisted. And Chance unwillingly obeyed. He curled up in his dog bed and looked out the window. Night had fallen all in an instant, and the black sky was lit by scores of stars and a bright, almost full moon. Jamie wouldn't need his nightlight tonight, there was enough light coming in through the window that he could get to sleep without it. In the next room down, Sassy was making herself comfortable on Hope's bed. As a cat, she had certain privileges that the dogs didn't. She was allowed on all the furniture save the kitchen counters and the dining room table. Those two places were her only limitations. And so, the bed of her dearest Hope was also her own bed every night. Down the hall, Shadow was lying next to Peter's bed. He didn't get into his own dog bed, because he had no intention of sleeping tonight. As soon as Peter was asleep, he was going to go downstairs and keep watch at the door. Something inside was telling him that the safety of the house was only an illusion. He had no reason to believe that. Nobody had broken into the house during his lifetime, nothing had ever breached the security of the doors and windows except for some bugs, maybe a lizard or two and a few mice over the years, which were Sassy's responsibility, not his. But Shadow had never been one for ignoring his sixth sense. It had served him well and, with a lifetime of practice, he had become near-perfect at separating it from his own feelings, and listening to that sense instead of what he thought or even felt. And his sixth sense was telling him that the house was not the fortress he believed it to be. That something which was out there wasn't gone, and the house was small protection against it, whatever it was. He lay quietly on the floor right next to the bed until Peter's even breathing said he was asleep, then arose and walked to the door, pushing his nose between the door and the jamb to pry it open. Shadow stepped out into the hall, and looked first up it, towards Jamie and Hope's rooms, then down it towards the master bedroom and guest bedroom. Something didn't seem quiet right, but as he couldn't pinpoint what it was, he attributed it to nerves and went down the stairs without investigating. He was getting too old for this. His body was weary, he was used to napping most of the day away. His mind, so clear in his younger years, seemed barely able to wrap itself around the problem which had been presented to him. And his nerves weren't as steely as they'd once been. But Chance wasn't mature enough to take over burdens like this one. Not yet. No, for now, this was Shadow's duty. Shadow lay down at the foot of the stairs, his eyes on the front door, but his ears turned to listen for sounds at the back, his head on his right forepaw. Moonlight stole its way through the curtained windows, reaching almost to where the shaggy dog lay, not quite touching him as he lay in the shadows, out of sight of anyone who might be looking in. The soft, whispering patter of little cat feet alerted Shadow to the fact that Sassy was descending the stairs. The nonchalance she'd been feigning all day was gone as she slipped down the stairs. She hopped over Shadow and then up onto a chair next to the stairs and from there onto an end table. She sat down and curled her tail around her paws primly, blinking her large eyes and yawning. \"Go to bed, Sassy,\" Shadow recommended, lifting his head so he could look at her, \"You don't need to worry, I'll protect you.\" \"I'm not worried,\" Sassy lied, lifting one forepaw and beginning to wash it, \"I just needed some air.\" Shadow didn't call her on the lie, instead putting his head back on his paws with a sigh. \"Besides, a cat doesn't need a dog for protection,\" Sassy went on, as though Shadow were arguing with her, \"I can take care of myself.\" \"Yes,\" Shadow said softly, \"I know you can.\" Before he could go on, there was a thump from upstairs, and the sound of nails on the floor. Before long, Chance appeared at the head of the stairs. He trotted down them and leaped over Shadow. This maneuver was less graceful than when Sassy did it, and Chance slid on the floor, nearly knocking into the wall. He avoided this only by splaying out his legs and flattening on his belly. \"Shh!,\" Shadow scolded, \"There are people trying to sleep.\" \"Yeah well,\" Chance grunted, getting up, \"What's more important: their sleep or their lives?\" \"What do you think I'm down here for?\" Shadow asked, \"It's not because I like sleeping alone.\" \"You're not alone,\" Chance pointed out, \"You've got us.\" Shadow made a small moaning sound, but said nothing. The animals settled in for the night. Sassy tucked her paws beneath her belly and lay down, resting her head on her chest. Chance crawled under the end table and lay on his side, stretching his legs out so that they stuck beyond the edge of the table. Shadow stayed where he was. They all tried to stay awake but, one by one, they slowly succumbed to sleep. They were house pets, accustomed to eating, playing and sleeping at regular hours. Adventure was in their past, but it was not in their daily habits, however much some of them liked to pretend otherwise. Chance was the first to go, and started snoring almost at once. Sassy had to jump down and slap him across the muzzle with a paw to get him to stop. He stretched, then tucked his legs to his body and rolled onto his back, his lips and ears flopping back absurdly. But he stopped snoring. Satisfied by this, Sassy leaped back onto the end table. But then she had second thoughts and climbed down to the chair next to it and curled up on the cushion, piling up all her feet and using them for a head pillow. It wasn't long before she too was asleep. Shadow lay awake longer than any of them, holding himself rigidly still, straining to listen for something outside of the house, scenting the air now and then, watching, and waiting, knowing that something was out there. But as nothing happened, Shadow began to lose some of his vigilance. His body craved sleep, having sorely missed the naps he usually took throughout the day. The longer everything was quiet, the harder it was for the old dog to stay awake. The easy breathing of his companions was soothing, and his eye lids started to droop. Several times he shook sleep off but, as midnight approached, he either gave up the struggle or was defeated by his own need for sleep. In either case, he too fell asleep. Outside, the wild animals were restless. Something in the dark made them uneasy. They broke from cover, scrambling out into the pale moonlight, fleeing from the unknown, the Unknowable. Non-migratory birds took flight, squirrels leaped from tree branch to tree branch, raccoons and possums scampered through the night. From the mighty fall stags to the insignificant ants, all the animals were trying to get out of the forest. Coming upon the house, a thing of man, the creatures of the wild cut right and left, as water when it meets a boulder, flooding and swarming around the house. But the two dogs and cat knew none of this, for they were deeply asleep. In the morning, they would discover track and trail, all of which meant but one thing: the beast in the forest was here to stay. It had chosen this as its killing ground.[Chapter 4] SATURDAY A pained yelp cut sharply through Chance's dreams. The big dog startled and leaped to his feet, forgetting that he was under a table and banging his head on it as he launched himself to his feet. For once it was a good thing that the floor was slick. Not quite awake, Chance had a growl ready in his throat, but his paws slipped from under him and he went down with a yelp. By the time he got to his feet, he was a little clearer headed and was able to see what had happened. \"Oh, Shadow, I'm sorry!\" Tracy was saying, \"What are you doing down here? Shouldn't you be in Peter's room?\" Shadow was sitting at the foot of the stairs, one paw raised slightly. It was evident that Tracy had stepped on him. She was wearing tennis shoes, so it had hurt more than if she'd been in her bare feet. Shadow gazed up at her impassively, showing neither forgiveness nor resentment. \"I'm sorry, boy,\" she repeated, stroking the dog's head. Shadow did not respond. After a moment, Tracy hurried past him and ran up the stairs. \"Somebody's in a hurry,\" Chance commented. Shadow, who had been sniffing his foot to take stock of the damage, looked up suddenly. \"I don't see how she did it.\" \"I do,\" Sassy yawned, stretching, \"You were at the bottom of the stairs, what did you expect to happen?\" \"No, not that,\" Shadow said, looking up the stairs contemplatively, \"I don't see how she got down the stairs without my noticing.\" \"Face it, pops,\" Chance said, brushing by Shadow on his way to the kitchen, \"You're gettin' deaf.\" Sassy pranced after the young dog, eager for her own share of breakfast. Already she could smell bacon frying, and she was hoping for a morsel of that in addition to her own cat food. Shadow, however, stayed at the stairs, looking uncertainly up at the second floor. \"Maybe,\" he muttered as though he hadn't noticed they were gone, \"Maybe I am getting deaf. But why didn't you or Sassy notice either? What's your excuse?\" A few minutes later, Peter, Hope and Jamie came downstairs. Shadow followed them into the kitchen, where Chance and Sassy were already waiting. \"No run before breakfast?\" Peter asked the old dog. Shadow made no move towards the door, so Peter shrugged and opened the cabinet where the animal food was kept. Sassy was already on the little kitchen table which had been set up for her so that she would be out of easy reach of Chance while she was eating. Once he got started, Chance had a bad habit of continuing to eat until there wasn't an edible morsel left in sight, including morsels not meant for him. Peter put Shadow's food down first, before helping Jamie with Chance's. Hope fed Sassy independently. Usually Chance was the first to finish, but this morning Shadow left his food half uneaten, going to the back door and barking to be let out. \"What's wrong, boy?\" Peter asked, going to the dog's side, \"Don't you want your breakfast?\" Shadow looked at the door and barked again. Peter shrugged and opened the door to let him out. Chance, having inhaled his own food, quickly dispatched what Shadow had left, before galloping over to the door to be let out. Sassy, meanwhile, daintily ate her own meal, then sat herself down for a good grooming. Chance started to bound outside, then stopped halfway through as the smell hit him. Or smells, rather. All the different smells, of all the animals which had gone through here. Their utter terror at whatever had driven them in this manner. Jim, who had opened the door for him, said, \"In or out, boy.\" Chance inched his way out, and the door closed behind him. But he went no further than absolutely necessary. Instead he set to trembling where he stood, then sat down and began to pant heavily. The smell of fear was overwhelming. And it was everywhere. In multiple varieties. It seemed like every kind of animal imaginable had run by here, fleeing in abject terror from that thing in the woods. It never entered Chance's head that it could be anything other than the... whatever it was. Nothing else in the world could possibly cause this, he thought. Then again, until yesterday, he hadn't know there was a creature on earth which could drive a dog into a frenzy of fear with only its smell. It took him a bit to steel himself against the onslaught of odors, and then he went looking for Shadow. The dark gold dog was sniffing around the edge of the yard, his tail out stiff behind him. \"What's going on around here?\" Chance asked, \"Why is this happening?\" \"Calm down,\" Shadow snapped irritably, \"The important question is what are we going to do about it?\" \"Do about it?\" Chance inquired. Shadow, without answering or raising his head, trotted off towards the woods, tail high, signaling that he had found some kind of scent and was following it. Chance went with him reluctantly, but did not investigate to see what trail Shadow was following. The woods seemed unusually dark and forbidding. The deeper they went, the slower Chance walked. Shadow took no notice of him, consumed with what he was doing. Suddenly Shadow stopped. Chance didn't have to ask why. They had stepped into a clearing that... well... hadn't been a clearing before. A tree had been uprooted, two more slashed and torn until they had fallen onto their sides, into the embrace of their brethren. Saplings had been crushed and trampled, forming a circle with torn earth at its center. There were dark splashes on the broken leaves of the saplings, something black was oozing from the trunks of the trees. Chance gave it a whiff and whined, moving away as though bitten. It was blood. Here from a mouse, there from a bird, over there from a snake. Shadow's lips had curled back, not so much in a snarl as a reaction to the smell. Death in itself was no upsetting thing to a dog. Chance frequently rolled in dead things, and even Shadow was not above it. But this was different. There was something... wrong in this death scent. \"What happened here?\" Chance asked, though he feared he already knew. \"The creature was marking its territory. In destruction, in blood, in scent. Claiming the woods for itself,\" Shadow replied in a low voice. \"Oh? Well... well... let it have the woods!\" Chance exclaimed, \"We don't need woods, we can just... just not go here anymore, right?\" \"No,\" Shadow's voice was almost a growl, \"It's too close to home. We can't let it stay, Chance. If we did, it would eventually get Peter, or Jamie... or Hope. Maybe Sassy. No, Chance, we have to do something about it, and quickly.\" \"Do? Like what? Shadow, hold up!\" But Shadow was already marching back to the house. He paused now and then to look at the ground, or perhaps scent it. Chance avoided it, because he already knew what tracks he would find there. The sneaker print wasn't an isolated occurrence. Whatever this thing was... it wore shoes. Shadow halted just beyond the edge of the yard. His head came up and he looked across at the house, then over his shoulder at Chance. \"It came this far. Then stopped,\" Shadow sniffed about some more, \"But why?\" \"Well maybe because I keep the territory markers fresh,\" Chance theorized, \"That's what they're for, after all, to warn off intruders.\" \"This thing has frightened the entire forest out of its wits and you think that you, of all things, are its weakness? You think this thing fears dogs?\" Shadow snorted. \"It could happen,\" Chance retorted defensively, then added more thoughtfully, \"Maybe it has a fear of open spaces.\" Shadow didn't dignify this suggestion with a response. Besides, if he shot down all of Chance's theories, he would eventually have to admit that he had no clue why the creature had halted beyond the borders of the Seaver property. Chance had to know that Shadow was as much in the dark as he was, but knowing in your heart and being forced to face it are two different things. \"Can you find the trail?\" Shadow asked, changing the subject. Chance snuffled around, eager to prove his talents before the old dog. He'd tracked so many rabbits that this ought to be a snap. But, try as he might, he could find nothing but the trail they had already followed. The one which led here. \"Where'd it go?\" he wanted to know. \"I don't know,\" Shadow admitted, \"It may have doubled back. Or maybe...\" he looked up. \"Maybe what?\" Chance demanded, but Shadow ignored him so he repeated it, only louder, \"Maybe what!?\" Just then, something dripped on his nose from above. With a startled yelp, he dodged sideways and looked up, at which point his legs went rubbery and he dropped into a crouch. There, up in the tree branches, was a body. It was too high up to recognize what kind of body, exactly, but it was big. Heavier than a deer, anyway. The branches were leaning, the wood groaning beneath the unwanted weight of the body. Blood coated the branches almost to the trunk, and there was a small pool of it on the ground next to where Chance had been standing. \"That's like... high... uh... like.. as tall as our house, high,\" Chance gulped. What could drag dead weight, especially so much, that high up? A leopard, perhaps. But the Seavers didn't live in Africa, and neither of the dogs knew anything of leopards. They'd never heard of anything which could do that. Aside from which, a leopard probably couldn't have carried it up that high, not straight up. \"Hold still,\" Shadow had noticed the drop of blood on Chance's face. \"What? Why?\" But Chance held still, even though Shadow didn't answer him. Shadow's warm breath blew across his face and the old dog's whiskers tickled at his nose, and Chance fought the impulse to sneeze. Then the golden head withdrew sharply, and a growl accompanied the motion. Startled, Chance barked defensively. It had been instinctive. He knew Shadow wouldn't hurt him, but the sound which had come from the old dog made him question that knowledge, and he reacted. \"What? What's on my face?\" Chance demanded, tossing his head as though, if he moved fast enough, he'd be able to look at his muzzle, \"What is it!?\" \"Nothing,\" Shadow's word was honest, but his voice betrayed the lie, \"Just forget about it.\" Without waiting to see if Chance had believed him, Shadow trotted into the yard and towards the house. Watching, it seemed to Chance as if the dog's tail was carried a little bit lower, and his movement seemed off, as if his body had become too heavy for his legs. Meekly, Chance followed him, looking over his shoulder, but avoiding looking up at the tree, or taking too deep a breath with his nose, for fear he'd smell what was on it. Whatever it was, he probably didn't want to know about it. Shadow lay down on the back porch, his eyes deeply contemplative. Chance decided to leave him alone. He scratched at the door to get in. He found that the family hadn't yet finished breakfast. Normally this would have thrilled him and he would have spent the meal begging for scraps, pacing around the table, going from person to person and employing a combination of \"sad puppy dog eyes\" and \"I don't want it\" moves. Jamie was a sucker for it, and so was Uncle Jim. But today Chance observed the meal from a corner, feeling as though he were looking through frosted glass at a life which was no longer his own. Because of the bad thing in the woods, he could no longer be the carefree and exuberant dog he was accustomed to being. Until it was gone, he must be vigilant, prepared to fight it off at any moment. He had to keep his focus, and save his energy for what was important. Ever ready, as Shadow was, to do whatever was needed. To bark and warn of danger, to growl and try to drive said danger away. And yes, even to fight, should that be needed. Chance didn't know how to do that. Not really. In spite of all his bravado, he'd never hurt another animal in his life, except for the fish Sassy caught for him, and things like that. He'd never had to really fight directly, in spite of his heritage as a bulldog. But he knew, without Shadow's having to tell him, that a fight was inevitable. The thing would try to come, it would come to hunt and kill. And when it did, Chance would be ready and waiting for it. Because it could not be allowed into the house, no matter what the cost. At stake was the life of Jamie, Chance's boy, whom he loved more than he'd ever realized was possible. He couldn't let the bad thing take that away from him. It could not be permitted to happen. Yes, he would bite if he had to. But it was more than that, it went even deeper. He knew that it could cost him his life. Not his life with this family, but his life life. That thing out there, it had the power to rip a dog in half. Nobody had to tell Chance that, he just knew. His only hope was that Shadow had some kind of plan, a way of dealing with the thing out there, of making it go away. Or, perhaps a plan to kill it. Chance wasn't above killing to survive. No animal in the world is. What Chance had just discovered, Shadow had known all along. His whole life, in fact. He had been prepared to lay down his life for Peter's since before he really knew what that meant. It only grieved him that it had happened so late. Shadow feared only that he might not be strong enough to protect Peter. But his age did give him one crucial advantage. Shadow knew those woods, and this house. He'd been given the run of both many years ago, and had broken no rules, either nature's or man's, knowing that it was a privilege to know such freedom. He knew every bush and tree of the forest, every nail and board of the house. More than that, he had gained wisdom over his lifetime. There were memories stored deep within, and each one held a lesson learned. Experience is the greatest teacher, and the effort had not been wasted on Shadow. That wisdom came at a terrible cost, however. Shadow knew better than any what was out there, waiting in the woods. His sixth sense told him. Even as he lacked a name for it, he knew its scent, its face, and its purpose. He knew its strength, its speed, its natural weaponry. His knowledge was more than just a feeling. The picture of the creature in his head was enough to send shudders down his spine. And it wasn't just mindless, either. It possessed cunning, perhaps surpassing his own. Of that, he was very much afraid.[Chapter 5] Shadow rose from the porch and barked to be let in. He used to scratch, but it had come to be that his bad leg hurt when he tried to use it for that, and it was unable to hold his weight so that he might use the other leg. And so he had taken to barking. No one gave him a hard time about it. Aunt Tracy opened the door for him. Shadow looked up at her, hesitating to step through. He wasn't sure what it was that was bothering him. He knew Tracy and liked her. She looked a lot like Laura, her sister. Maybe it was just because she was another unusual thing in his universe. After all, she didn't live here. But there was something... off. She hadn't sounded right when she'd apologized for stepping on him, and it hadn't felt right when she petted him afterword. And it still bothered him how she'd come to be downstairs in the first place. Shadow shook off his hesitation and walked through the door. Tracy was barefoot now, and it looked like she had recently painted her toenails. She and Hope frequently did that when she stayed over. Mom and Dad weren't much for that sort of thing, especially as Hope was just a child. The smell of polish was very strong, just barely dry. Shadow shied away from it, hating the smell as all dogs do. He traipsed into the kitchen and drank from the water bowl there, then paced into the living room, where he found Sassy napping on the couch. He found Chance upstairs, lying near Jamie, who was busily drawing something while Uncle Jim looked on. Peter was in his own room, reading a book. And Hope was, sure enough sitting on her bed admiring the bright polish on her toes. Tracy had gone upstairs before Shadow and was sitting with Hope and talking to her. Shadow walked up and down the hall for a time, before something struck him. He turned towards the guest bedroom. The door was closed, and latched. Small obstacle for a dog such as Shadow. He took the knob precisely in his mouth and rotated his head to the side, stepping forward and pushing the door in as he did so. He released the knob and shoved the door the rest of the way open with his nose. He padded into the room and took stock of the open travel bags on the floor, the slippers on either side of the guest bed. He wasn't sure what he was looking for. He'd know it when he found it, he had confidence in that fact. He snuffled through the bags, finding little out of the ordinary. Then he examined the slippers, which smelled of Jim and Tracy's house, just like the bags did. The bed smelled like the two of them, but that was to be expected, just like the rest of it. Shadow was about to give up on the notion when he chanced to walk past Tracy's tennis shoes, which were lying in the middle of the floor. Something was... off about them. The bottom of each shoe was dirty, not a surprise. Tracy often went jogging in the morning, even when she was staying over here, using the human paths through the woods. But there was something else... something... Shadow leaped back with a shocked growl, bumbling into the foot of the bed as a result. His claws slipped and he fell into a sit on his left hip. But in all that, he didn't take his eyes off the shoes, and the snarl didn't leave his face. He sat still for a minute, thinking, staring at the shoes, snarling at them as if they were living things. Then he got up, went over to them and proceeded to do something which he had not, in his blameless life, ever done. He overturned one of the shoes with his snout, and then lay down. Pinning the object with a paw, he began to gnaw on the heel of the shoe. Slowly, but steadily, his age-worn teeth ground into the rubber heel of the shoe as they might into a bone. He kept at it for a few minutes then suddenly dropped the shoe and stood up, as though abruptly realizing the crime he was committing. He nudged the shoe upright with his nose, as though attempting to conceal his sin. And then he left the room, walking as only a guilt wracked dog can, his head seemingly weighed down by his conscience. The truest sign of an honest dog is that when he has done wrong, and knows it, he makes no attempt to hide his guilt. If his wrong is discovered, the honest dog will not hide or cower, but come unbidden and hang his head, standing before his master abashed and heartsick at the pain he has inflicted on his beloved human by his own action. Shadow knew the penalty for breaking the rules of the house as well as any dog can, and he had broken none of them since his days as a puppy, transgressions he had long since forgotten. He knew he might find himself banished to the outdoors. That he would lose the privilege of roaming the house freely. But, most of all, he knew that Peter would be disappointed in him. And that hurt worse than anything. Guiltily, the old dog walked into Peter's room. He paused in the doorway when Peter looked up from his book. Shadow averted his eyes and walked to the side of the bed, where he lay down with a heavy sigh and waited for Peter to ask him what he'd done, to go looking for the damage he'd inflicted. But Peter didn't see the guilt in the dog's eyes. He mistakenly thought it was another sign of illness. Shadow wasn't eating, he wasn't playing, he wasn't sleeping at the foot of Peter's bed where he belonged, and now he seemed to be having trouble moving at all. Something was wrong with his dog, and it seemed to have happened too suddenly to be just another side effect of the dog's age. He resolved to tell his parents about it when he called them this evening, and then convince them to take the dog to the vet when they got back on Monday. It never occurred to him that Shadow might have chewed a shoe, the very idea was unthinkable. Not with his track record. Chance maybe, though he was getting better about it. Shadow, never. When Peter didn't accuse him of anything, Shadow felt even worse. He felt as though he were deliberately deceiving his boy, pretending he was a good dog when he really wasn't. He lay there feeling miserably unhappy for a long time. Eventually, however, he fell asleep. But his dreams were not the peaceful dreams he normally had. They were dark and frightening, though he wasn't sure why. They were dreams of darkness, of blood, of death. Sometimes he was running through the forest, hunger growling in his belly as he sought prey. Other times, he was fleeing as fast as his legs could carry him, leaping fallen logs and boulders, jumping fences towards the sky, never gaining any distance between himself and what chased him. He didn't know what it was, but he could feel its rancid breath hot on his hindquarters, hear its deathless scream as it bayed at the moon. In still other dreams, he was hiding, lying in wait for he knew not what. Death clung to every dream, nameless terror whose shape and form were indistinct, yet no less hideous and harrowing for it. Shadow awoke with a low growl, feeling more distressed than before. At first, he wasn't sure what had woken him. But then he realized it was someone yelling. At first he was confused, then he realized it was Tracy, shouting from her bedroom. \"Chance! What have you done!?\" Shadow got up and peered through the doorway. Chance, bewildered by the angry tone of Tracy's voice, was slinking up the stairs. He hesitated at the top of the stairs, and made as if to go back down. \"CHANCE!\" the sharp voice halted him and Chance crept down the hall. It was one thing to be caught doing something wrong, but Chance had no idea why he was being yelled at, for he had not done anything. Tail tucked submissively, he went into the guest bedroom, deeply frightened of what sounded to him like a random outburst of anger directed at him for no reason. Shadow followed and watched the scene play out. Chance crouched before Tracy, looking up to her and wagging his tucked tail appeasingly. \"Did you chew these shoes?\" Tracy waved the incriminating tennis shoe in the dog's face. Chance's eyes widened. Maybe a human didn't know one bite from another, but Chance couldn't have mistaken the tell-tale scent of Shadow and shape of his tooth marks if he'd tried. He looked over his shoulder at Shadow, who was gazing at him with his head down, his nose almost touching the floor. Shadow wouldn't meet his shocked gaze. \"DID you chew these shoes!?\" Tracy repeated fiercely. Chance looked back at her, then at the shoes, then at Shadow. Tracy mistook this action for guilt. Like Peter, it never entered her thoughts that Shadow would even think of doing such a thing. And the culprit was obviously a dog. Therefore, Chance took the blame. Because he'd made such a habit of destruction in the past, he took more than his share. \"BAD DOG!\" Chance cringed at the hated words, and slowly lowered himself to the floor. He rolled over onto his back and waved his forepaws, attempting to distract Tracy from the matter. He knew what he was supposed to have done, but he hadn't done it, and wasn't about to accept punishment if he could get out of it. So he tried the \"cute\" look. He'd played that card too many times, and Tracy was having none of it. \"OUT!\" Tracy ordered, pointing her finger. Chance slunk from the room, pausing at the door to look over his shoulder balefully. Tracy shoved him on with her foot and repeated the word \"out\". Chance did as she ordered, slithering down the stairs as if his body were made of jelly, creeping to the door and waiting for Tracy to get there and open it. Resentfully, he looked up the stairs where Shadow was watching. Then he oozed out the door, which slammed behind him. He was hurt that he'd been punished for something he hadn't done, and angry that Shadow had allowed it to happen. Shadow was the guilty one, not him. He should have admitted to it. Tracy, meanwhile, was showing the damaged shoe to Jim. \"He didn't do much damage this time, I can still use them,\" she was saying, \"But I think we'll have to keep that room locked from now on when we visit. That dog has destroyed more clothes...\" she trailed off, shaking her head. She didn't notice the guilty look in Shadow's eyes when she passed him on the stairs. The old dog lay miserably at the head of the stairs, shudders running up and down his spine. He was the bad dog, not Chance. But he had no choice. It had to be Chance, not him. He couldn't run like Chance could. But he had to let Chance know what was going on. To that end, he sought out Sassy, who could get in and out by using Hope's window, which was always left open enough that the cat could slip out onto the roof, hop to a nearby tree branch and then climb down. More often, she used this to get into the house if she stayed out late at night. Shadow would now employ her to let Chance know what was expected of him. He only hoped that it would work out like he'd planned. Otherwise, they were all in trouble. This plan of his could all too easily be the end of Chance.[Chapter 6] \"Shadow wants me to do what now?\" Chance yelped. \"You heard me,\" Sassy told him. \"Well he could have at least told me,\" Chance mumbled sulkily. \"He said this was plan B, Chance,\" Sassy flipped her tail irritably, \"It's not his fault you're known for being destructive.\" \"Yeah well...\" Chance trailed off, dropping his head onto his paws. It didn't occur to him to ask what plan A had been. They sat in uncomfortable silence for a bit, before Sassy got up and made as if to go back in the house. Then she suddenly stopped and looked over her shoulder at Chance. \"You will be alright, won't you?\" \"Who me?\" Chance got to his feet and tried to look big and intimidating, \"I'm not afraid of anything. I can take care of myself.\" Sassy flipped her tail and hopped onto the porch railing and from there to a tree trunk. A few seconds later, she disappeared onto the roof and was gone. \"Yeah... sure I can,\" Chance sighed, dropping his head. He lay down on the porch. In the nearby woods, there were some birds singing. On their way to migrating further south, and with no idea what stalked the forest by night. For once, the rustling of unseen animals did nothing to arouse in Chance the desire to run and chase. A rope toy out on the lawn didn't attract his attention, passing cars didn't bring out of him the wild desire to unleash a volley of barking. For once, it all seemed trivial. None of it mattered. None of it meant anything. The wind in the trees whispered of the night to come, the indescribable horror of the creature who owned the darkness from the shadows. The sun seemed farther away than usual, its light was pale and brought little warmth. The ground was hard, nearly frozen, and all the world seemed just as cold and lifeless. As if the vile presence of the thing in the woods was sucking the life blood from everything, and not just the animals it had caught and torn open. Chance was jerked roughly from his worried thoughts by the sound of the mail truck stopping in front of their house. Perhaps the toy could go unchewed and the woods unexplored, but Chance could not leave the mailman alone. It was his sacred duty as a watch dog to bark at and terrorize the mailman. Or at the very least, molest him until he sacrificed part of his lunch. Chance leaped to his feet and galloped around the house. He was halfway up the drive when he suddenly stopped short. Dropping his head, he sniffed at the man leaning out of the truck to put the mail in the box. A low growl rose in the dog's throat. He'd never threatened a human before, not really. But this wasn't his mailman. And, right now, the dog was taking anything and everything out of the ordinary as a grave threat to the security of his home. \"Easy, big fella,\" the mailman said, his hand halfway to the box, \"Just delivering the mail. Easy now.\" But Chance wasn't about to take it easy. He leaped towards the truck with an imperious bark, legs stiff in front of him and lips curled back to show his teeth. Like most mail trucks, this one was open at the sides, with nothing to prevent Chance from jumping right in. So the mailman did the only thing he could think of. He put the truck in gear and floored it. The wheels screeched and smoked, and the little truck bounced violently, hopping forward just as Chance reached it. Chance hit the ground on all fours, slipping only a little as he turned to pursue what had suddenly become his hated enemy – the mail truck. \"Chance! Chance, get back here!\" Peter, having heard the commotion, ran out front and shouted at him. But Chance either didn't hear, or refused to obey. Shadow, having come out with Peter, moaned quietly. Squaring his shoulders and taking a deep breath, the old dog climbed down from the porch and took off after Chance at a ground-covering but relatively easy lope. He knew Chance couldn't chase the truck far at high speed. He'd catch up in good time, and bring the young dog back. The mail truck, with the dog in hot pursuit, had made it almost to the end of the block before Shadow was in earshot. At this point, he began to bark. Chance heard, and listened. At the old dog's behest, he slowed and eventually stopped, then turned back towards home with head and tail down. Shadow continued after the mail truck, coming to stand in front of it, thereby forcing the driver to stop. Shadow wagged his tail and barked in a friendly way and then, after the mailman had looked around and realized he was no longer being pursued, set off for home at his slow trot. \"You realize the mailman comes everyday, don't you?\" Shadow asked Chance once they were back at home, \"And that our family is fully aware of it? Even approves?\" \"Yeah, but that wasn't our mailman,\" Chance protested. \"Of course it wasn't,\" Shadow told him, \"Our mailman is up a tree.\" \"You mean... you mean... yow!\" Chance spun himself in a circle, \"You coulda told me that was a person... a.. a human being up there in the tree!\" \"Would it have made a difference?\" Shadow asked. Chance didn't reply, but his face took on a sheepish expression. Even if he'd known the regular mailman wasn't coming, he still probably would have chased the new one without thinking. \"If you'd wanted to know then, you would have used your nose,\" Shadow pointed out. Chance hung his head still lower, knowing Shadow was right. Then a thought struck him. \"Wait... why is our mailman dead? I mean... they don't deliver mail at night, do they?\" \"No,\" Shadow replied, \"He wasn't killed at night. Whatever it was that got him, it got him in the middle of the afternoon, probably close to the end of his route.\" \"Mailmen have routes?\" Chance wondered, but then refocused on the real issue, \"So this thing isn't confined to nights and mornings... it's hunting during broad daylight too?\" \"I told you, it's not an animal. It doesn't hunt by our rules,\" Shadow said almost sternly, \"Or any rules.\" \"Then why are we worried about night falling?\" \"It's more dangerous at night,\" Shadow told him, \"It's stronger at night. A lot stronger.\" \"How do you know all this stuff?\" \"The same way I know I'm a dog,\" the reply was cryptic to Chance, but he knew Shadow wasn't going to elaborate on that, at least not right now. \"Shadow, come on, boy!\" Peter called from the porch. Obediently, the old dog turned from Chance and went inside with Peter. Chance didn't try to follow. He had virtually forgotten that, as far as the humans were concerned, he was out here being punished. He had bigger things to worry about. Specifically, the coming night. To calm his nerves, Chance went and found one of his favorite bones, which he'd buried in the sandbox not long ago. He dug it up and settled in to chew on it. Chewing always made him feel better. Sometimes he could chew until he fell asleep. But not today. Today even chewing didn't make the tense feeling leave, it didn't let his mind relax, or lull him into a sleepy state. He chewed on the bone vigorously, time and again scraping his back teeth against the unyielding material, biting down hard, trying in vain to crack it. And all the while he kept his eyes glued to the forest. Now and then he had to pause and let the shudders take hold of him and run their course before he started chewing again. The creature was no longer a potential threat to his family. It had killed a person. That was different from a cat or a dog, or a chicken or a rabbit. That was serious. Most predators had a preferred prey. Just because they hunted sheep, it didn't necessarily mean they were a man killer as well. But this one was. It would kill anything, including the Seaver family, given half a chance. And the humans were, as usual, completely and totally oblivious. As usual, it was up to the animals to solve problems the people didn't even know existed. To protect the property from threats human beings seemed unable to comprehend. It was better that way. It was what made dogs dogs and people people. That basic difference in their awareness and understanding of the world. Chance knew that. Shadow had taught him that. Dogs didn't ask to be dogs, but dogs they were nonetheless. And being a dog came with certain responsibilities. This was one such responsibility. And no amount of bone chewing would get him out of it. No amount of pacing would make what he had to do any easier. In spite of the danger, he didn't resent it. He didn't wish Shadow were in his place. In fact, he was almost looking forward to the coming night, with a sort of eager apprehension. For tonight he was staying outside, not because he was being punished for that which he did not do. Tonight, he was staying out because Shadow had a plan. Tonight, Chance was going to find the creature, and follow it. Tonight, he was going to find out exactly what it was that was lurking in the dark, and he was going to follow it to its lair. And in the morning, he and Shadow were going to do whatever they had to in order to get rid of their unwanted neighbor. They would either drive it away, or kill it. Whichever was easier. At dusk, Chance left the porch and went to his dog house. He knew that wouldn't be much in the way of protection, but at least he wouldn't be out in the open. He didn't know why he felt safer in his dog house, but he did. In truth, it was because nothing could come at him from above or behind or either side. Whatever came, it would have to rush him straight on. He'd see it coming. He stood for awhile, looking out at the darkening yard, gazing warily at the black forest beyond. Overhead, the sky turned first gray, then indigo, and the moon shone brilliantly down, casting a silver hue on the world far below. When everything stayed quiet, Chance sat, and then eventually lay down. But he didn't sleep. He stayed on the alert, tense and vigilant. The moon crept higher into the sky, a few scattered black clouds scooting past it, as though afraid to get in its way for very long. The wind had picked up, and the soft whisper had become a sharp whistling through the ancient trees. It was going to be a very long night. The night grew deeper and ever more still save for the harshly blowing wind, which whistled and made the trees groan. But Chance held himself rigidly awake, resisting even the urge to yawn for fear of the noise he might make. He kept his eyes on the woods. As it turned out, this was a mistake.[Chapter 7] To this point, Chance had assumed the creature dwelt in the woods, like any wild thing. And so, he'd been at the back of the house, facing away from it and also away from the road. He didn't expect trouble to come from that side. That is, until he heard a sound at the front door. A scratching, as of a dog asking to get out or come in. This was accompanied by a snuffling. Chance got to his feet, an uneasy growl in his throat. He wondered if he should go investigate. On the one hand, it was safer here. On the other hand, this was exactly why he was outside in the first place. He stepped out of his house, into the pale moonlight. Cautiously, he made his way around the house, stopping every few steps to listen and scent the air. The thing was definitely nearby, and the scratching at the door was continuing. Chance was almost around front when an ominous clicking noise ahead told him that the door had been unlatched. Suddenly frantic, he threw caution to the wind and launched himself around the corner, barking ferociously. The thing was getting in the house! His eyes locked on a massive shadowy form on the porch. A slitted pair of luminous yellow eyes glared at him. A puff of white exploded outward from a point beyond those eyes as the creature exhaled. It turned away from Chance, toward the house. The door was hanging wide open. The creature was still standing as though undecided by the time Chance reach the porch. But in the time it took him to leap onto the porch, it vanished from sight, into the house. But it was not there for very long. Even as Chance slid to a halt to try and spot the creature in the darkness of the house, there came from inside an ear-splitting roar, echoed by furious snarling. There was a breath of silence, and then a deafening crash, followed by more snarling. Chance bobbed his head, trying to see in the dark, to get an idea of what was happening in the house. But he couldn't see, and dared not enter when the creature could be right next to the door, waiting to take his head off the moment he stepped across the threshold. Even he wasn't that foolish. The shattering of glass around back made Chance whirl and race to the other side of the house to investigate. As he did so, the lights went on upstairs and there was the sound of feet running downstairs, along with lots of shouting. The change of light blinded the dog as he careened around the corner. He slid and struck against something, which instantly lashed out at him, cutting a slash down his side. He yelped, lost his balance and fell onto his back. More barking, more snarling, and then the sound of something large and heavy running away. Chance raised his head just in time to glimpse the creature as it paused at the edge of the yard and looked malevolently over its shoulder. It stood leaned forward on two legs, about eight feet high, bristling dark hair silver-tipped by the moon's light. It would have looked almost human aside from that, except for the glowing eyes and bulky misshapen head that was just above its broad shoulders. And then it was gone. Painfully, Chance rolled onto his belly and got to his feet, unable to hold back a whimper as he did so. A short distance away, he noticed a shaggy lump lying motionless on the lawn. Beneath the blood, he recognized the soft reddish gold of Shadow's fur. \"Oh no! No, no, no, no!\" He ran over to where Shadow lay, praying the old dog wasn't badly hurt. Sniffing at his friend, he was relieved to find the old dog still breathing. A moment later, Shadow opened his eyes and rolled onto his belly slowly. The blood had come from a deep tear in his right shoulder and a slash across the opposite side of his neck. \"Are you alright? I'm sorry, I should have been watching- are you alright? You okay? You're gonna be okay, right? I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I should-\" \"Chance,\" Shadow interrupted wearily, \"Shut up.\" \"No!\" Peter shouted from the back porch, startling them both; he then called to those in the house, \"Come help me, Chance is attacking Shadow!\" The two dogs understood a handful of the words Peter said, but all they could make of it was that they must be supposed to come. Looking towards the house, they were forced to assume they were being told \"no!\" because of the broken window or maybe the open door. They knew the house was supposed to be shut up at night. Beyond that, it was only given to them to understand that they were meant to come. Chance hesitated, waiting for Shadow to get heavily to his feet, and then pacing right beside the other dog as he limped slowly to the house. \"Chance! Bad dog!\" Jamie came out yelling. Chance at once halted, and lowered himself shamefully to the ground. He'd failed to protect the house, and that definitely made him a bad dog. Seeking forgiveness, he crawled to Jamie and then rolled to expose his vulnerable belly, tail tucked between his legs. \"Bad Chance!\" Jamie repeated vehemently. Chance rolled onto his belly and crept to the dog house, looking over his shoulder only once. He knew a bad dog was banished from the house, banished from the affection of his family, the security and comfort of the indoors. He did not argue. When Jamie had run from the house, Shadow had also stopped in his tracks. \"Come, Shadow. Come here, boy,\" Peter called. Shadow had no inkling that the humans believed Chance had assaulted him. All he knew was that he was as much to blame as Chance for what had happened, if not more so. He did not deserve to come in the house any more than Chance did. If Chance was a bad dog, then Shadow was too. Peter was calling him. But he had acted inappropriately. For once in his life, he had done very, very wrong. Not just breaking a rule, but failing in his duty as protector of family and home. The window was broken, the house was exposed to the outdoors. And the thing was still out there. With a heartsick groan, the old dog sat down where he was and hung his head. He was hurting, and wanted nothing more than to seek forgiveness and healing from his beloved boy. But he knew that Chance was hurt too. His sense of loyalty bade him remain where he was. \"Come on, Shadow, come inside,\" Peter repeated. Shadow whined, started to rise, and then stopped. He looked from Peter to where Chance had disappeared into his house. Jamie was standing nearby to intercept the bigger dog if he went after Shadow again. All Shadow could see was that the boys were outside, when they ought to be inside. Shadow and Chance belonged outside. They had done wrong, and they must remain on their guard in case the creature returned. The house was broken, but it was safer than the indoors. The creature was bound to return, to try and get in again. It had been startled by all the lights and noise. But it would be back. Maybe in a few minutes, maybe not until tomorrow night. But it would return, of that there could be no doubt whatsoever. Shadow slowly stood up, and turned to go and join Chance. \"Shadow, no. Come here,\" Peter called desperately, thinking Shadow was going to try and defend his place at the top of the animal pecking order, \"You can't win a fight with him. Come here.\" Shadow stopped at the word \"no\". But he did not come. He could not. He trembled where he stood, wracked more with the pain of disobedience than his wounds. The retriever stood uncertainly halfway between the back porch and the dog house, his head and tail down, mouth open and tongue hanging out in stressed panting. He looked over at Peter, then at the dog house, then the broken window, and finally towards the woods. He kept looking from one to the other, trying to make Peter understand his part in the events, to understand that he too was a bad dog and should therefore remain outside. Peter took a deep breath and his face assumed a stern expression. He didn't want to have a contest of wills with Shadow. The dog was old, and had been peacefully living by the rules for years. Peter couldn't remember when Shadow had last disobeyed. Possibly not since he was a pup. \"Shadow,\" Peter spoke in a command tone, \"Come. Now .\" A shudder passed through the old dog. Reluctantly, he turned towards his boy. With heavy steps, he limped to the back porch. He halted at his boy's feet and dropped into a lying down position, refusing to seek the forgiveness which had been denied to Chance. If Chance did not deserve it, neither did he. \"Inside,\" Peter ordered, pointing. Shadow flinched, but did not disobey. He lifted himself off the ground just enough to get his legs under him, and slunk into the house. He'd barely gotten across the threshold before he turned around to try and go back outside. \"No,\" Peter said, and the dog stopped, \"Stay.\" After assuring himself that his dog did as commanded, Peter went out to help Jamie chain Chance up. They'd never chained their dogs before, so Peter had to find a chain and figure out how to secure it to something near the dog house. But it was evident that Chance had somehow broken through the window and attacked Shadow. Peter had read that this sort of thing happened with bully breeds sometimes. It also sometimes happened that young dogs would turn on their elders to try and gain a higher position in the pack. He'd never expected it of Chance, especially not against Shadow, but that was clearly what had happened. Or maybe Chance had just been trying to get inside and Shadow, knowing Chance was supposed to be outside, had tried to drive him back out, and Chance had resented it. In any case, Chance would have to stay out here, tied up, until Mom and Dad got home and sorted this mess out. \"Chance, sit,\" Jamie commanded. Chance sat, and Peter attached the chain to his collar. In spite of the fact that he was in trouble, Jamie still rewarded his dog for sitting on command. As he ran his hand down the dog's side in silent praise, he found the gash which started just behind Chance' shoulder and ran almost all the way down his side. \"Chance is hurt,\" Jamie said quietly. \"We'll look at him in the morning, when it's light out,\" Peter said, \"Come on, let's go back in the house.\" Jamie frowned, reluctant to leave his injured pet, not fully believing in his heart what the evidence said, doubting the guilt of his beloved dog. Chance was very naughty, but he'd never been vicious. But he finally sighed, patted Chance on the head and followed his brother into the house, where Shadow was waiting. Before releasing Shadow from 'stay', Peter put his leash on, fearing that the dog would jump out the broken window. Another fight with Chance would surely finish him. And Peter didn't want his dog to go out that way. Shadow deserved to live to a ripe old age, and die peacefully in his sleep, not be mauled to death by the dog who, until recently, had been his friend. \"Get the first aid kit,\" Peter told his brother, \"Bring it to the kitchen, the light's better in there. And go get Uncle Jim and Aunt Tracy too.\" As his brother set off to do all that, Peter bade his dog follow him into the kitchen. Shadow trailed behind his boy, head down and heart-sore. He didn't understand why he was being brought in the house. Was it to be his punishment to not be punished? That didn't make any kind of sense at all. Least of all the human kind of sense, which was the kind which mattered most. \"You're gonna be fine, Shadow,\" Peter told him, thinking his dog's behavior was due to pain, \"We'll fix you up, good as new. It's just some scratches, you'll be fine... just... fine.\" There was a tremor in his boy's voice. Shadow looked up and saw tears in Peter's eyes. Whining, he crept to his boy and leaned against Peter's leg. He licked Peter's hands, and tried his best to make his boy feel better. He would not ask forgiveness for his failure, but whatever he may have done wrong tonight, he wasn't about to forget his duty to comfort Peter when he was sad. That would only make all the rest of it that much worse and more unforgivable. Meanwhile, Chance was lying outside in his dog house. He knew he'd been bad, and knew that he could not be permitted in the house. But why was he chained up? Now he couldn't get away if the creature came back. Nor could he get to the either of the doors to the house. He could not defend his home, or himself. Was his punishment to be eaten? He couldn't believe that. Perhaps he deserved that. But surely Jamie wasn't that harsh. No, Jamie was a good kid, a loving, sweet kid. He wouldn't abandon Chance, not like this. It was only then that it finally dawned on Chance what had happened. He remembered when he had once tried to alert Shadow to the presence of a cougar. Unable to see it, Shadow had not believed it was really there. Neither Peter nor Jamie had seen the creature. They didn't believe it existed. They thought Chance had attacked Shadow, and broken the window. And opened the door, which was fully impossible because the door had been locked. But wait... if the door had been locked... How had the creature gotten in?[Chapter 8] SUNDAY The next morning, Shadow pushed his way out of Peter's room before anyone else was up. It was hard to move, but he was determined. The stairs, which had never seemed much of an obstacle before, now seemed nearly insurmountable. He took the steps one at a time, stopping for breath about halfway down before taking the last of them at a limping crawl. The glass from the broken window was still everywhere, and Shadow tread very carefully on his way to the sill. He climbed out, landing heavily on his left foreleg. It was weak, and he rolled onto his uninjured shoulder. He quickly got to his feet and went about the business he'd come outside for. \"Shadow? Is that you?\" Chance stuck his head out of the dog house, \"What are you doing out here?\" \"Same as you,\" Shadow replied in a soothing voice, \"Now be quiet or you'll wake the kids and Sassy.\" \"Not to mention Jim and Tracy,\" Chance muttered, sitting down. \"You can't wake up someone who isn't asleep, Chance,\" Shadow retorted. Chance fell silent for a moment, puzzling over this. Shadow, meanwhile, followed the trail the creature had left the night before, sniffing at it as though he hadn't been there last night, as if the information of the trail was wholly new to him. \"I would have noticed if Tracy went jogging,\" Chance said finally. \"She didn't go jogging,\" Shadow threw over his shoulder, \"Can you see the tracks from where you are?\" Chance got up and walked stiffly from the dog house. He paused to stretch, wincing at the pain in his side, then dragged to the end of his chain, straining to see what it was Shadow wanted him to look at. \"No,\" Chance sighed finally, \"All I can see are shoe prints.\" \"Yes, Chance. Just shoe prints,\" Shadow woofed approvingly, \"But what about them?\" \"Well...\" Chance paused uncertainly, \"That one looks... um...\" he swallowed hard, \"chewed.\" \"Exactly,\" Shadow wagged his tail, seeming mysteriously pleased. \"You chewed Tracy's shoe yesterday,\" Chance observed, before it finally dawned on him, \"Tracy wasn't out here last night. She hasn't been outside since she sent me out, and she wasn't wearing her shoes then. Are you saying... that... that.\" \"Yes. Tracy is our killer,\" Shadow confirmed. \"But the glowy eyes, and the teeth and the claws and the scent and... and... and... the roaring! That wasn't a human that attacked us last night.\" \"No,\" Shadow said, \"But now I'm sure of who it is.\" \"Who what is?\" \"The Evening Wolf.\" \"That was not a wolf,\" Chance asserted. \"You don't even know what a wolf is,\" Shadow pointed out. \"Maybe not, but a wolf is an animal, right? And that thing wasn't an animal, you said it yourself.\" \"And neither is the Evening Wolf,\" Shadow explained, \"The Evening Wolf isn't a wolf at all. Do you know what a mutt is, Chance?\" \"Sure, it's a dog that isn't purebred... isn't it?\" \"The Evening Wolf is like that, to put it in simple terms,\" Shadow said. \"Simple is good,\" Chance said, \"I like simple.\" \"Only instead of being a mix of two breeds,\" Shadow went on as if Chance hadn't interrupted, \"the Evening Wolf is a mix of two species. It is a thing which has no place in nature, which defies all of the Natural Laws, as well as the rules of humankind. It's an abomination.\" \"A bomb a... what now?\" \"A very bad thing,\" Shadow rephrased. \"What's that got to do with Tracy? She's human, at least she was last I checked.\" Chance wasn't kidding. Aside from the other things he learned when he smelled anyone the first time he met them, he learned what they were. He could tell a human from a dog and a cat from a squirrel without close inspection, though he liked to do one, just to be sure. \"The Evening Wolf is unlike anything else. It changes its scent and shape, at will.\" \"But Tracy's nice to us, the thing wants to kill us,\" Chance protested. \"That's because the Evening Wolf is of two kinds. One is human, the other wolfen. When the two collide, that is when you have your killer.\" \"I don't get it,\" Chance sighed. \"You will, one day,\" Shadow told him, \"It is given to every dog to understand the dangers lurking in the dark, so that they may protect their humans from harm. But it's something that takes time to discover.\" \"So what do we do?\" \"I already told you,\" Shadow said, \"We have to protect the family, at any cost. Now we know the Evening Wolf by name, and know that it cannot be driven away. So we'll have to kill it.\" \"Kill? But... but... but that's Tracy! She's... family,\" Chance yelped in protest. \"Not anymore,\" Shadow growled harshly, \"The Evening Wolf must not be allowed to survive to nightfall.\" \"What? Why not?\" \"Because tonight's a full moon,\" Shadow replied. \"So?\" \"The Evening Wolf will be stronger than ever before. All traces of humanity, and wolf, will be wiped away, along with any thought or emotion the Evening Wolf might be capable of. All except for blood lust, the desire to kill. Especially to kill things which remind it of what it once was.\" \"Humans,\" Chance guessed. \"Yes.\" \"Can't we do anything to save her? Anything at all?\" \"I'm afraid not,\" Shadow replied, \"But it's worse than that.\" \"Worse?\" Chance whined, beginning to pant, \"How could anything be worse?\" \"Jim wasn't here last night. Still isn't. He knows what Tracy is. He's a fool if he thinks he can hide what she's become forever. A bigger fool if he thinks he's safe from her. She'll kill him too, given the chance. It's only a matter of time.\" \"Shadow! Shadow!\" Peter's voice came from inside the house. \"where are you, boy? Shadow!\" Shadow barked and made his slow and painful way to the back porch. It seemed to Chance that he was struggling to get up the stairs, but trying not to show it. Shadow might not be saying it, but he'd taken a beating last night, and some of his wounds didn't show on the surface. \"Shadow, you shouldn't be outside, boy,\" Peter told the old dog, after opening the door for him. Chance returned to the dog house and lay down. A short time later, he saw Uncle Jim and Aunt Tracy emerging from the woods. He stood up stiffly and growled. Halfway out of the dog house, he halted. They didn't know that he knew. Now wasn't the time. Not while he was tied up and Shadow was locked up inside. It would take both of them together, that much he knew from the experience last night. And not bumbling around, either. They had to work together. He stayed where he was, staring warily at the approaching people as if they were strangers to him. They walked right past without noticing him and went into the house. \"What happened to the window?\" Tracy asked Hope as they entered the house. \"Chance broke it,\" Hope replied, not looking up from dishing out Sassy's breakfast, \"Jamie tried to wake you last night, but you wouldn't wake up and your door was locked.\" \"Oh, that's because Chance got in yesterday and chewed one of my shoes,\" Tracy said, \"I'm sorry, dear. What happened?\" \"Chance attacked Shadow,\" Peter said, breaking into the conversation, \"He's tied up outside now. I think we need to take Shadow to the vet,\" he glanced down, where Shadow was walking at an obedient heel, \"I think he could be really hurt.\" \"The vet's closed on the weekend,\" Jim said, \"But they'll be open on Monday, when your parents get home. You can take him then. Until then, you should probably keep him inside as much as possible, and keep him still. And definitely keep Chance tied up so he can't cause anymore trouble.\" He knelt down and called Shadow over. At encouragement from Peter, Shadow went to him. But where he would once have wagged his tail at sight of this long-familiar family member, he now kept his tail lowered and there was no show of friendliness in his eyes. He met Jim's eyes as he approached. He had no shame in doing so. Jim was no longer welcome here in Shadow's eyes. Not after what he'd done. \"You know, don't ya, boy?\" Jim whispered to the dog, too quietly for anyone else to hear, \"You saw it, didn't you? And now you know there's nothing you can do about it.\" Strangely, Shadow understood every word. Maybe it was the eye contact, or the clear guilt written on the man's face. For whatever reason, Shadow knew exactly what he'd said. His response was plain in the slight curl of his lip, which showed the barest tips of his fangs. \"There's no reason to be like that,\" Tracy said, kneeling down beside Jim, her arm on his shoulder. The kids were oblivious, going about their morning routine as always. Shadow glared at her. \"Why protect something that isn't your own kind?\" Tracy asked, \"Why defend what is not yours?\" In response, Shadow's lip curled further, showing more of his teeth. He began to struggle in Jim's grip, not violently, but insistently. Jim held him fast. He not only understood the words Tracy spoke as though they were said in his own tongue, he could read their undertones. The meaning behind them. \"You're no fool, Shadow,\" Tracy went on, \"I know you, I've seen that brain working behind your eyes. You're not just any dog. You know more than most. And you know that there's nothing you can do to stop the coming of the moon. Fall under its sway. Let yourself go. I can show you pleasures you've never dreamed of, freedom you've never known.\" Shadow barked and lunged back, breaking loose. Face still twisted into a furious snarl, the old dog backed away until he was under the dining room table, where he remained, fur bristling, eyes bright and curved fangs showing to their yellowed roots. \"What was that?\" Peter asked, coming in from the kitchen, \"I thought I heard Shadow bark.\" \"Oh, he just wanted me to let him out,\" Jim said nonchalantly, \"He barked when I wouldn't open the door for him.\" Shadow, having recovered himself, walked dutifully to Peter's side, positioning his body protectively between the boy and the invaders of his home. He didn't snarl at them again, showed no outward signs of aggression, not in front of Peter. But he stared up at them, not looking away when they stared back. He saw in their eyes declaration of war. And they saw in his acceptance of that. Tracy looked at him, mildly surprised to see no hesitance in his steady gaze. There was something almost eager about him. As if he'd learned nothing the night before, had no idea that he stood no chance. Sassy, meanwhile, had finished up her breakfast and scooted outside. She didn't intend to be left out of the action. If the battle was to be waged in her own living room, she had every intention of being a part of it. But she knew who the muscle in the fight would be. \"Sassy, what are you doing out here,\" Chance asked, looking up as the cat jumped down from the porch railing onto the roof of his dog house. \"Shadow filled me in,\" Sassy replied. \"So you should really be in the house,\" Chance said, \"Knowing what's in there. With Hope.\" \"Shadow's keeping an eye on them. He says that we've got time,\" Sassy told him, \"Now hold still and I'll see what I can do about your situation.\" Cooperatively, Chance lay down and held still while the talented cat grabbed, clawed, chewed and pawed at his collar and the head of the chain. Anyone who says there's nothing more stubborn than a bulldog has never witnessed the persistence of a determined cat. Sassy soon abandoned work on the head of the chain, focusing her energies on the collar buckle. It was a heavy leather thing, easy to work for a human perhaps, but not so for an animal lacking in opposable thumbs. However, Sassy would not be easily discouraged. She was briefly interrupted by Jamie bringing Chance's breakfast to him. Jim came out too, and they looked over the cut on Chance's side. They cleaned it and doctored it up, while Sassy looked down from the roof. She wasn't concerned about being noticed, as she had nothing to hide. However, she couldn't be caught in the act of trying to untie Chance. And she had no interest in being any closer to Jim than she had to be. Not knowing what she now knew. Once Jamie and Uncle Jim went back in the house, Sassy climbed back down and set to work with more enthusiasm than before. For a time she made little progress, as Chance gulped down his breakfast. But then the big dog settled onto his side and let her work in peace.[Chapter 9] Shadow spent the morning following Tracy around the house. He knew better than to pick a fight with her here and now. He'd felt the strength of the Evening Wolf the night before, and knew that strength wasn't entirely gone, just because its face and scent were now human. If it came to it, he would fight alone, knowing that he stood no chance. But he would prefer it not happen that way. And too, there was another reason. Shadow had never set his teeth against any invited house guest. He'd never so much as growled at one. He knew the rules of the house. The dog who growled at guests was the dog who was taken outside. The dog who bit a guest was sent away. It hadn't happened to any dog Shadow knew, but he knew that humans did not tolerate a dog who bit guests. It was not in the nature of a Golden Retriever to be particularly standoffish or defensive anyway. To go after Tracy, knowing she was an invited guest, a member of the family even, was a crime beyond any Shadow had ever considered, even in his youth. It was a rule which even Chance would not think of breaking. And yet, break it they must. Even if they were called bad dogs, sent away to the pound never to return, they still had to do it. But maybe, just maybe, Chance's crime might be lessened, if he was not the one who struck the final blow. If Shadow was the one who finished it, Chance might still be redeemed in the eyes of his family. But how to do it? In his head, Shadow was working out all the angles, all the possibilities. Everywhere the fight could take place. Each and every move they could make, and that the creature was likely to make. Outside, upstairs, downstairs, in the woods. The creature attacking them first, or them going on the offensive before it could. Now and then, he caught it looking at him from behind Tracy's eyes. Darkly malicious, eager for blood, biding its time, waiting... waiting for what? Moonrise. Shadow felt the hair on his neck stand on end as he realized that moonrise would come long before sunset. They didn't have until nightfall. They had hours, at most. And then it would begin. Now he knew why Tracy was bursting with confidence. She knew Shadow didn't have time to make a proper plan. Knew also that Chance was tied up, and would remain so for some time to come. It was just her and Shadow. If she took him out, then Chance would be an easy mark. But would Sassy figure out the collar in time? It was a heavy, stiff material, designed specifically to keep a dog from pawing it off. If the Evening Wolf hit its full strength, even two dogs wouldn't be enough. One certainly would not be. Shadow had to do something. He wasn't strong enough on his own to win a fight with Tracy. Not even now. He could sense that. But Tracy wasn't making her move yet. Was it because she still had an ounce of sanity somewhere in that crumbling mind? Or was it because she was afraid of the damage the old dog might inflict while she was weak? The latter was far more likely. Had she not pulled back when he barked at her? Had she not left him alone while he was under the table? Was it not now he who was following her, instead of the other way around? He couldn't win a fight. But he could surely do enough damage to make it difficult, or impossible to kill Chance later on. Shadow was a threat. Tracy might not be afraid of him, but her survival instinct meant she wasn't fool enough to pick a fight with him right now. She had all the time in the world. Shadow didn't. And she was counting on Shadow's waiting. She was relying on his pack instinct to keep him at bay until reinforcements arrived, and until the Evening Wolf showed itself. It's what almost any dog would do. The Evening Wolf would to anything to safeguard its own survival, no matter what form it was in. It expected Shadow to do the same. Most dogs might. But Tracy had not been wrong when she said that Shadow wasn't most dogs. Now was not the time to plan. It was time to act. If he delayed, even for a few minutes, Tracy might pick up on the change in his demeanor. If she was aware of what he knew, she might do something to protect herself, to insure that he never got a shot at her. They were in the living room. Tracy was pretending to read a book, but kept looking over it at Shadow, who lay on the rug near the fireplace. The kids were playing a board game in the dining room. Jim, where was Jim? Shadow lifted his head briefly and listened. Footsteps upstairs. Good. Shadow didn't hesitate. He rose to his feet suddenly, tearing from the restraint which had kept him still and silent up to now. Golden Retrievers are not known for their ferocity, and there are even people in this world who believe them to be incapable of snarling. In its unexpectedness, the snarl of such a dog is truly one of the most terrible sights. Tracy's countermeasure when she saw the advancing fury was equally unexpected. She screamed. Shadow's response to this noise was to give voice. To growl. To bark. And to lunge at her, snapping and pulling back before he got within her reach. A moment later, Shadow knew what the scream had been for. Behind him, the kids started yelling and screaming. Above the clamor, he heard the voice of Peter, clear, horrified... disappointed \"Shadow, no!\" Shadow halted, and fell silent, but the snarl did not leave his face, nor did he turn towards his boy. He could not. Tracy began to edge her way around the room towards the kids, Shadow turning with her, but momentarily held at bay by the command of Peter. Every nerve in the great dog's body was against listening, every part of his brain told him that he couldn't afford to wait. But his heart, that part of him which belonged most wholly to the young boy, could not bear the feeling that had been in Peter's voice. \"Get back, kids,\" Tracy said as she reached them, \"Get behind me.\" She had to know what this would do. Maybe she hoped to secure a position of power. There's no telling. But no good dog permits something he considers to be the enemy to get between himself and those whom he would give his life to protect. Tracy had not taken more than one direct step towards the kids before the enraged retriever unleashed a savage sound more like a roar than anything and leaped at her, fangs bared. The kids screamed and fell back as the dog hit their aunt full in the chest and drove at her neck with snapping jaws. \"Upstairs, upstairs!\" Peter shouted at his siblings, \"Mom and dad's room! Go, go!\" He hesitated only a second. He couldn't think right now about what had become of his dog. He couldn't let himself realize that it must have been his dog who did the attacking last night, and not Chance. That it was his dog who had now gone mad. He couldn't think about that. He had to protect Hope and Jamie. The master bedroom had a door with a lock but, more importantly, it also had a phone. But who do you call in a situation like this? The police? Could he call his parents? No... animal control. That was right. By now he was running up the stairs after his siblings. He didn't let himself look back. He knew he would be paralyzed with horror if he did. Tracy had hold of Shadow's ruff, and was managing to keep the big dog off her neck. The worn but still strong canine teeth drove at her, clicked together futilely on empty air. Then Shadow switched tactics. Turning his head, he closed his jaws firmly on one of the hands that held him back. Tracy screamed, this time in real pain, where before it had been false fear, but she didn't let go. She drew up one of her legs and thrust her knee into the dog's ribs, forcing him off her so that she could get to her feet. He tried to hang on, but his grip wasn't good enough. Shadow slid helplessly across the wood floor, paws working in vain to get traction. But as soon as his motion was halted by the wall, the dog got to his feet and was again on the offensive. A bulldog will find a place to bite and hold, refusing to let go even if he is beaten half to death. A German shepherd will use his own weight to drive his adversary to the ground before pinning it there. A collie will take a wolfish tactic, darting in and out, using his teeth to slash as he goes by, but always keeping out of his opponent's range. But a retriever is not bred to fight, to guard, or to herd. Retrievers by nature and design have a soft mouth, and are not fighters by blood. Like virtually any dog, they are more than a match for a human being if they put their mind to it. But this wasn't a human being. This was a creature every bit as dangerous and deadly as any predator of the wild. More even. Shadow was at a severe disadvantage by more than just age. What made him different from virtually any other retriever was that he was aware of that fact. He knew that he lacked killer instincts. He had to work at it, to think about it. Thus, he had done so, turning weakness to advantage. His knowledge and understanding of cause and effect was on par with humans, maybe even beyond. Where a lesser dog might have repeated the same tactic over and over until they succeeded or were killed, Shadow switched strategy mid-game. Tracy expected him to leap at her again, but this time he didn't. He ran straight for her. Instead of biting, he swung his shoulder as he swept past, striking her knee with his body. The wood floor proved to be almost as treacherous for bare feet as paws. As Shadow skittered and turned about to face Tracy, the latter wobbled, then fell to one knee to keep from going down entirely, which she knew would be the end of her. Shadow pushed off from the wall and leaped at the exposed back of his enemy, seeking to break her neck with one fatal bite. But Tracy turned and struck out with an arm, catching the dog full in the chest, forcing his front paws off the floor and nearly flipping him. Even as she completed the motion, Shadow switched modes. His front paws, no longer useful for forward motion, changed jobs. He wrapped them around her arm as he might a favorite chew toy, rotated his head and took her hand in his mouth. \"No!\" Tracy realized, even in the split second, what was about to happen, but didn't have time to pull her hand free as the mighty jaws closed and the back teeth did exactly what they were designed to do- they cracked bone. Tracy got to her feet, pulling the dog with her. Her free hand was changing now. The nails lengthened, turning black, the fingers became spindly like spider legs. The razor claws flashed towards the dog, aiming for his exposed belly. But Shadow saw it coming and let go, dropping to the floor. The claws caught the back of one of his forelegs, but that was all. \"Damn dog!\" the shriek was barely recognizable as having come from a human. Breathless, Shadow took a few steps back. Tracy stood before him, but she was changing even now, before moonrise. The tine-like fingers ended in sickle claws. The skin on her hands was turning gray, and black hair had begun to sprout on her arms. But most significant was her eyes. They were the same color as before, but the shape and dimension was changing. Becoming more animal. Her parted lips showed the tips of fangs not unlike those possessed by Shadow himself. \"Come on!\" the challenge of the Evening Wolf roared through the air, vibrating the very doors and rattling the glass windows. Willingly, the dog responded, raising his own voice to echo and accept the challenge. He leaped forward, one paw slipped slightly on his own blood and slowing his rush. That little slip, which he had anticipated but the Evening Wolf had not. It swung at where the dog would have been had he not been slowed down, but cut through empty air. Shadow leaped, and his teeth closed around the arm. There was a roar, a flash of black claws. A yelp was followed by blood splashing across the floor and hitting the back of the flowered living room couch. The dog's teeth loosed their grip. Like a puppet whose strings have been cut, the old retriever slid to the floor. Beyond the door, there came a wailing cry as the sounds were heard, processed and understood by Chance outside. The Evening Wolf, eyes glowing dully now, turned towards the door. Black lips peeled back from a hideous mouth in an expression that was half snarl and half deranged smile. \"You're next, puppy.\"[Chapter 10] \"Shadow! Shadow, no!\" Chance cried out, lunging to the end of his chain. Sassy's paw caught in his collar and she was dragged along with him. Startled out of her wits, the cat yowled and kicked out with her back feet. The effect of this was not only to free her, but to mostly undo the buckle of the collar. When Chance backed up to lunge again, the rest came undone and the collar fell to the dusty ground. With a roar of unbridled rage, Chance bolted forward and heaved his massive bulk against the back door. It held, even against him. Remembering the broken window, he turned to go around, but never made it off the porch. The door cracked, then broke behind him, wood splinters flying outward. Leaping sideways, Chance landed on the ground several feet away, clear of the falling remains of the door. Trembling with shock, he looked past the doorway, into the house itself. There, standing strangely beyond the threshold, looking alien and out of place, was the Evening Wolf. Yellow eyes glittering with rage, misshapen jaws parted to reveal a blood red mouth and uneven set of wicked looking teeth. It had torn Tracy's clothing, revealing gray skin and broad muscular shoulders, unnaturally long forearms and a deep chest. A roar burst forth from the monster's mouth, deafening Chance and seeming to blow away the very air, flattening out plants and trees. The windows, which had before rattled, now shattered, as though the glass itself was trying to escape the monster, as if even the nonliving feared it. For a moment, Chance couldn't breathe. He lowered his body, shaking in the presence of the beast. The smell, both intoxicating and terrifying, drove virtually all thoughts from his mind. Those eyes... he couldn't even meet the ferocious gaze of the monster on his doorstep. But he didn't run. The one thing he could not do was run. When the Evening Wolf's voice died away, Chance forced himself to stand up straight and walk stiff legged towards the creature, head down and tail up. This thing did not belong here. This was his home! His family was in there! This creature wasn't welcome. As the family dog, it fell to him to drive it away, or to kill it if he had to. The Evening Wolf stepped out of the house, halting at the shadow on the porch, refusing to step into the pale sunlight. Or maybe it just didn't want to set foot outside of the house it was trying to claim as its own. Chance didn't care one way or the other. He ran at his enemy in utter silence, leaping at the last, springing onto the porch, and then up towards the eight foot monster's face. It threw out its arms to block him, but he drove its defenses down with his front paws as he went for it. His teeth met just short of his mark, cutting flesh and fur, but not finding a hold. He fell, but kicked out with his back feet, hitting against the monster, thereby propelling himself beyond its range. Even as he did, he felt those sickle claws rake down his back and struggled to hold a yelp of pain inside, barely succeeding. He twisted, and landed on his feet facing the monster. Again the beast moved to the edge of the shadows, but came no farther, growling as though it were chained. \"What's the matter!? What are you so afraid of? It's just sunlight! Get out here, you coward!\" Chance taunted, barking loudly. \"I... don't... have to...\" the creature hissed in a gravelly voice, \"I... have... nothing... to protect.\" It turned as if to go back in the house. Chance knew he had no choice but to fight it on its own terms. The beast was right. It was already inside, keeping Chance out. Chance was the only one who really had something at stake here. And so he ran at the beast again. Faster than a heartbeat, it rounded on him, dropping to all fours. As he leaped for it, a clawed hand swiped at him, knocking him aside as if he weighed no more than a feather. The force knocked him away and he went rolling several feet. He was as good as dead in that moment. But he had once again cleared the house. The beast did not follow him into the light. Lying on his side, panting heavily, Chance struggled to think. What would Shadow do now? Chance clearly wasn't winning this way. The Evening Wolf had the position of power. It had the strength, the speed, everything. Probably even the brains. Thinking had never been Chance's strong suit. Gritting his teeth, the dog bravely staggered to his feet, oblivious of the blood pooling beneath him as he swayed, trying to clear his blurring vision. Drawing his lips back once more, the dog snarled and prepared to wage another assault. It was his only option. \"Chance, it's the sun!\" Sassy exclaimed from her position near the dog house, \"Shadow said it gets its strength from the moon. The moon isn't up yet, Chance! The sun will weaken it.\" Chance halted in his advance, his mind working. How could he get the Evening Wolf off the porch and into the light? He had only one idea. It was a stupid one, he was sure. But it was all he had. He ran at the Evening Wolf, but this time he went in low. The creature expected him to leap as he had before and swiped high, missing entirely as the dog latched onto the monster's ankle and bit deep. Planting his feet, using the porch steps for leverage, the powerful dog heaved backward with all his considerable strength. Snarling in fury, the Evening Wolf slashed at him. The claws cut deep through Chance's hide, but he didn't let go. True to bulldog form, he'd found his hold, and he wasn't letting go. The claws slashed again and again. Blood splashed to the left and right, spattering on the wooden railing and steps, sinking into the dry ground. And still the dog held his grip, pulling with all his might. Inch by agonizing inch, the dog dragged his adversary towards the light. But it wasn't enough. Blood loss was fast weakening him, and the Evening Wolf, now understanding his plan, was putting its own strength into holding its ground. It had always been the stronger of the two. It held its position, and continued to strike the helpless dog before it. An angry yowl was the only warning as Sassy flung herself bodily from the porch railing and onto the creature's elongated snout. Needle sharp claws dug into the sensitive skin about the monster's nose and eyes, scratching down the soft lips and gums as the cat's teeth bit into a nerve cluster right above the beast's left eye. Blinded, confused and raging, the beast turned its attention to the vicious fur ball on its face. It reeled back, shifting its weight. Chance heaved backward, once again making inch by inch progress towards his goal. Sassy dodged the first slash, slithering up higher on the beast's face. But then the beast raked its claws all the way down its own face, catching the cat on the way down. The wounded Himalayan let out a wailing scream. The scream of a cat is one of the worst sounds in the world, and Sassy's was no exception. The beast had her in its grotesque hand, but instead of crushing her, it threw her as hard as it could to get the sound away from its hypersensitive ears. Then it turned its attention to Chance once more. But before it could strike out at him again, something crashed heavily into the upper part of its back. Unbalanced, it pitched forward, rolling past Chance and into the sunlight. It shrieked, its body cracking, crunching, shrinking into itself, revealing the naked woman beneath the beast. By the time Shadow leaped onto her from the porch, he was met by the terrified eyes of a human woman. But he didn't hesitate. Even as she was now helpless, Shadow knew it wouldn't last. In mere seconds, the moon would rise, and she would be as strong outside as she had been inside. Powerful jaws closed around the white throat, cutting through skin, jugular, windpipe... and then tearing them from the woman's neck and casting them aside. Shadow stood over her, staring down at his enemy, waiting for the life to drain out of those all-too-human eyes. A scent on the wind made him look up, towards the porch. Chance lay there on the steps, broken and bloodied. Beyond the porch, Sassy lay in the dirt, her fragile body seemingly ripped wide open, blood matting her beautiful coat. But it was not their blood which drew Shadow's attention. It was the scent... that hated scent. With dawning horror, Shadow realized what he should have known all along. The Evening Wolf wasn't alone. It had a mate. \"Holy Hell Hounds,\" Chance yelped, proving he was still alive by wiggling himself backwards down the stairs, either too afraid or too weak to get to his feet, \"There's two of them!\" The second Evening Wolf stepped through the doorway and onto the broken door. Then it dropped to all fours to show the very muscles of its back crawling about and reforming themselves into something... other. The Wolf's very bones cracked audibly, breaking and knitting themselves into something new. From the human skin there burst ragged clumps of coarse white hair. The nose and mouth of the Wolf became as one, lengthening until the term Wolf seemed all but entirely accurate. The creature threw back its head and howled. The low, terrible sound shook the house to its foundations. Glasses in the cupboards danced, rattled and broke against one another. The computer screen in the study cracked down the center, then exploded. The very sound was painful to the animals, who could not hold back cries, feeling as though their eardrums would burst. It was the sound of fury, and of loss. The sound was meant to evoke both the sensation and emotion of pain in any who heard it. For it was the cry of a Wolf who had lost its mate, its lifelong companion. Even the children upstairs, having no idea what was going on outside, could hear and understand the woebegone ululation. \"It's me you want!\" Shadow barked when the howl started to die away, \"I'm the one who took her from you! So come and get me!\" The lone Evening Wolf hesitated, casting a wary eye towards the sky. But the moon had risen, even if the human eye couldn't see it in the middle of the day. And the Wolf stepped from the shadows without incident. Even as it did, Shadow was backing away, keeping his eyes on the enemy and thoughts on his objective. It had taken all they had to bring down just one Wolf. And, for this Wolf, the fight was personal. It was even stronger, and more animal than its mate had been. The moon was up now. The Evening Wolf stepped almost regally from the porch, as the King of Hell might deign to step from his throne. This otherworldly beast seemed to have walked right out of fantasy into reality, as one might walk across a room. Breaking down the barriers of the natural order, defying the very laws of nature. Born of tragedy, instilled with the very essence of evil. The embodiment of malice. At the property line, Shadow turned and fled into the woods, leaving a clear blood trail behind him. With an infuriated roar, the grief-stricken Evening Wolf tore after him, bounding over the body of its dead mate without even seeming to notice that she was there. \"Shadow, don't! You can't outrun it It'll kill you! Shadow... come back...\" Upstairs, Peter had found animal control in the phone book and reported what was going on. To his surprise, they kept him on the line, and asked a bunch of questions that didn't seem very relevant. They'd asked Shadow's breed, and his age, and if the dog had ever shown aggressive tendencies before. Peter answered all of that, and then they asked whether or not the person attacked lived with them. \"No, but Aunt Tracy's been here before. Shadow loves her, and Uncle Jim too. Shadow likes everyone. Or... at least... at least he did,\" Peter bit his lip to keep from crying. \" It's alright, Peter. We're sending someone over to help you,\" the feminine voice, she'd called herself Vicki, assured him gently. \"Are you... gonna have to put him down?\" Peter asked shakily. \" We won't know that until someone sees him. For now just stay where you are. Don't move, okay? I have a few more questions for you. Do you have any other animals?\" \"Y-yes... Chance, our other dog... and... and Sassy, she's Himalayan.\" \" Have the other animals been acting strange?\" \"No... just Shadow, I think. Have Chance or Sassy being acting strange?\" \"Chance won't play,\" Jamie volunteered. \"I keep finding Sassy on the bookshelves,\" Hope replied, \"And she won't come down, except when I feed her or at night.\" \"I guess they have,\" Peter told Vicki slowly, \"Do you think they're afraid of Shadow too?\" \" Maybe. Has Shadow been aggressive towards your other pets recently?\" \"He and Chance had a fight last night,\" Peter said. \" Did you see it? Do you know what happened? Were they fighting over a toy or food or... anything like that?\" \"No. I mean, I don't think so. I didn't see it. We actually thought it was Chance who started it, he's the younger of the two. But then Shadow went after Aunt Tracy... and... and... well...\" \" You're doing fine, Peter. This information is very important. Okay? What kind of dog is Chance?\" \"He's... I don't know... some kind of Bulldog, I think. Jamie, do you remember?\" \"Umm... the pound said he was a Pit Bull, but Dad says he doesn't look like one,\" Jamie replied. \"I dunno... a Pit type dog, I guess.\" \" Around how big? Bigger than Shadow?\" \"Yes. He's taller, and heavier. And much younger.\" \" I see. Were either of the animals hurt in the fight?\" \"Yeah. Shadow took the worst of it, but I don't think he was hurt that bad. We were gonna take him to the vet... tomorrow.\" \" So you're saying an elderly golden retriever picked a fight with a young bulldog, and wasn't badly injured by the end of it?\" \"Yes, Ma'am,\" Peter said, \"I know it sounds strange, but Chance isn't really much of a fighter. He's pretty much harmless... then again... I though Shadow was too.\" \" Okay. Now, Peter, this may sound very strange. But... has your Aunt been acting... odd lately?\" \"We've gotta go after him,\" Chance whimpered. He had crawled over to where Sassy lay, and was nosing her and gently licking her fur, trying to rouse the prone and seemingly lifeless feline. \"Sassy, come on. We've gotta go help Shadow. Sassy, please wake up. You've gotta get up.\" But the cat didn't move. She didn't even seem to be breathing. Her whole body smelled of blood, and there were four slashes across her back and sides from where the Wolf had grabbed her. Except for the wind blowing her fur, there was no sign of movement. None at all. \"Sassy, please! I can't do this without you. Sassy... wake up.\" So consumed with Sassy was he that Chance didn't even notice as, behind him, Tracy's body was slowly shifting, turning gray, forming lethargically back into the creature. The Evening Wolf was being reborn under the moon.[Chapter 11] Shadow knew he wouldn't get far. He felt keenly the loss of blood and the weakness that came as a direct result. Every step was painful and difficult, and he struggled to maintain his course. His legs wanted to simply fold up under him, but he refused to let them. He had home field advantage though. Aside from which, this was exactly the sort of scenario he'd been thinking about during the morning. He leaped fallen logs and plunged through thickets, and the Evening Wolf came crashing after him, blinded by rage. It had the power to uproot whole trees, but that took more time than jumping or going around. Any thinking creature knows to go around a boulder instead of over it if they want to save energy and get to their destination faster. That was the weakness of the Evening Wolf. Consumed by want, by desire, by hate and fury and hunger and lust, the beast had barely any room for thought. It was a wanton murderer, a killer for the pleasure of killing. There was not an animal in nature who could claim to be anything like it. It was the creature's rage-induced inefficiency which Shadow was counting on to stay ahead of it. He couldn't outrun it, not if he were to run a straight line from point A to point B. He couldn't lose it, its nose was at least as powerful as his own. It could follow his trail almost anywhere. But he needed more distance. Somehow, he had to slow the creature down. Suddenly, he remembered the brook where Chance had originally encountered the Evening Wolf. The brook. Water covered scent, any dog who'd chased animals to the edge of a stream knew that. And unless the animal crossed directly to the other side, it was nearly impossible to figure out where it went. Shadow put on as much speed as he could, making a beeline for the brook, the Evening Wolf hot on his heels, now and then growling as if to let him know it was still there, still angry, and still after him. Shadow had more than one reason to hurry. He didn't have much time left. The wound across his belly was severe and it wouldn't be long before not even adrenaline could keep him running. He reached the brook and leaped into it, splashing upstream towards his desired destination. He knew that he was done for, as was Chance. Sassy... he didn't know if she was even alive. But they lived near town. If he could get there, he knew that there were other dogs, dogs who would see the monster, recognize it for what it was, and attack it for the same reason that he had. To protect their own families. If nothing else, they might at least slow it down, or distract it until... until what? He had no solution. He was out of ideas. Some instinct told him that the Wolf back at the house wasn't dead. He didn't know how he knew that, but he did. That meant that their best had not been enough to kill even one Evening Wolf. There was nothing for it now but to run, to keep running, until there was no more strength in him to do so. It was all he could do. It was all he had left. Leaving the brook, Shadow charged uphill, towards the road. Behind him, he heard the Evening Wolf roar in fury. It had found the end of his trail. He knew it would find him again, by air scenting if it had to, but it would find him. Probably sooner than he expected it to. Shadow's breath was coming in painful gasps, and each uphill leap was pure agony. The leaves beneath his paws seemed dead set on betraying his footing, sending him sliding back to the bottom of the hill where the Evening Wolf was lying in wait. A triumphant howl echoed through the woods, telling Shadow that his trail had been relocated, and that the Evening Wolf would soon be upon him. At last, he struggled up onto the verge. For a moment, his legs seemed unable to lift him to a standing position and he floundered in the leaves helplessly. Then two things happened simultaneously. A black car screeched to a halt inches from him and he heard the Evening Wolf crashing about below and behind. Two men got out of the car. \"No, drive away,\" Shadow whined, even though he knew they couldn't understand, \"Run away.\" As they started towards him, Shadow dragged himself to his feet. They'd left him no choice. Shadow could not permit the Evening Wolf to harm anyone, not so long as there was breath in his body. As these people had foolishly chosen to stop here of all places in the world, Shadow must make his stand here. Taking a shaky breath, he turned, squared himself, lowered his head, and growled. \"Come and get me, Jim. Face me, if you dare.\" The Evening Wolf halted, still screened by the trees. Shadow could hear its rasping breath, smell its vile stench. But he couldn't see it. He growled again, and heard an answering snarl. But still the Evening Wolf hung back. Then Shadow barked. \"If you want me, come and take me!\" Like a flash of lightning, the Wolf burst from the forest, blood red mouth agape, huge fangs flashing white in the brilliant light of the sun, forelegs extended beyond its mutant body with paws spread and claws reaching out to catch the dog in a deadly embrace. Shadow lunged to meet his enemy. Had anyone who knew him been there, they wouldn't have recognized him. Every line of the great dog's body was fury, his bristling fur soaked in fresh and drying blood, the rage on his face seemed all but alien on him, and the look in his eyes could be considered nothing short of murderous. He was a different dog in that moment, a demon every bit as terrible as the Evening Wolf itself. The two beasts met in the air, and the Evening Wolf was flung back. They rolled downhill, claws slashing, jaws snapping, each seeking to kill the other by the time they reached the bottom of the hill. At the last second, Shadow tore free, and lay bleeding halfway up the hill while the Wolf continued on down. At the bottom, the Evening Wolf regained its feet and leaped towards its helpless enemy. It never made it. A sound, as sharp and clear as the crack of a bullwhip, punched through the air. It echoed through the forest, and then died away into silence. The Wolf fell dead inches from Shadow's face, its mouth open in a hideously betrayed grin. Weakly, Shadow raised his head and looked uphill. Two men were climbing down, warily eying the dead Evening Wolf. One was holding a smoking gun. Sniffing, Shadow smelled the smoke. Had he known anything about guns and bullets, he might have been surprised to catch the scent of silver. But he didn't, so the foreign smell meant little to him. But he did know that these men had killed the Evening Wolf. They'd done it once. And that meant they could do it again. He got to his feet through sheer force of will and staggered up to meet them. He took the jacket sleeve of one man in his mouth gently but firmly and tugged at it, before letting go and sliding partway down the hill. He stopped and looked over his shoulder. When they didn't follow, he barked. \"Think that dog knows where the other one is?\" the younger man asked, looking up at the older one. \"Maybe. I'll follow him on foot. You keep going to the Seaver house. I'll meet you there.\" Shadow barked again, and then set off into the woods. He wanted to run all the way home. But he couldn't. Partially because he was too tired. But also because he'd lose the man if he did that. So he settled for a fast trot, and prayed he wasn't too late. Chance had heard the gun shot. It was the sound which saved his life. The She-Wolf had just risen and was preparing to leap on the dog without warning. The gun shot made Chance jump and look around wildly. Seeing the She-Wolf, he whirled at once to face the creature, but was slow in getting to his feet. Blood dripped from his side, joining the pool which had already formed on the ground. \"Why won't you just die?\" Chance growled, then flung himself upon the Evening Wolf with every bit of ferocity that was left in him. He might not be able to save his own life, but maybe, just maybe, in sacrificing himself, he might give the others time to... get away... or somehow be saved. He didn't know how, but he'd spent most of his life in the dark, not really knowing why or how things happened, and that had never stopped him before. It was about this time that Hope dared look out the window. Everything had been quiet, and she had heard the shot. Thinking maybe it was over, she couldn't help but look. What she saw made her scream. At once, her brothers rushed to her side and looked out. They couldn't recognize the giant malformed black wolf as their aunt, but they knew it sure as Hell wasn't Shadow that Chance was fighting with. \"What is it?!\" Hope screamed. \"I don't know! I don't know!\" Peter shouted back, unable to maintain a level head any longer. \"It's got Chance!\" Jamie cried, as Hope wailed at the same time, \"It killed Sassy!\" The Evening Wolf lifted the dog from the ground and threw him violently aside, then turned and advanced on the fallen canine. Chance got his front feet under him, but his back feet didn't seem to have the strength to hold him. He sat helpless, growling menacingly at the beast. Then, out of the woods came a golden-red streak. Taking off from the ground, Shadow hurled himself at the back of the Evening Wolf's head, his jaws striking their mark at the base of the skull. Roaring in pain, the Evening Wolf reared back and reached for the dog with one of its clawed hands. But Shadow released his hold and slid to the ground, where he lay completely still. A single shot rang out, and the Evening Wolf stumbled back, stepping on the fallen retriever as it did so, lost its balance and fell onto its side where its body began to spasm and shudder violently. As the children watched in horror, the black wolf shrank down, folding in on itself until it began to take the familiar shape of a woman. And then the even more familiar shape of their aunt. Hope burst into tears and buried her head in her older brother's shoulder, sobbing uncontrollably. Peter was too shocked to do anything except hold her and stare out the window. Yet, even now, he felt a pang of guilt for ever having doubted his dog. He led his sister over to the door and opened it, then led the way down the stairs and out of the house. The battlefield messy. There was blood everywhere, on everything. Broken glass was strewn about the torn ground. At the center of it all was a strange dark haired man with a gun, standing over what had been their Aunt Tracy. He was wearing the uniform for the local animal control officers. \"Wh-what... happened?\" Peter asked shakily. \"Son, I hate to be the one to tell ya this, but your Aunt Tracy was a Werewolf.\" \"But... Werewolves... they're not... um... real. Are they?\" Jamie wanted to know. \"They're every bit as real as you or I. Most people don't see 'em is all,\" the man replied kindly, \"See, thing about the supernatural is, you only get to see it when you're ready. It doesn't play by the rules of man or even nature. Maybe not even God, but I don't claim to know a great deal about His rules.\" \"But... I... Aunt Tracy was... a Werewolf?\" Peter stumbled over the words. \"Yep.\" \"How... did you know?\" \"We don't see many Werewolves out this way,\" the man explained, \"But a few nights ago we started seein' signs, gettin' calls about weird animal attacks. If you want to hunt the big bad wolf, bein' in animal control is where you ought to be. Your call fit the description of a family member gone Wolf. See, animals can sense things people can't. Your dogs, they knew, probably from the moment your Aunt Tracy arrived. Lord knows why it takes 'em time to act, but they always do eventually.\" Remembering their pets for the first time, the children looked around. The two dogs had quietly dragged themselves over to the cat, who still hadn't moved. Before they could go to the animals, a car turned in to the driveway. \"We can help 'em, if they're alive,\" the man said, \"I've done a lot of patchin' up in the field.\" He turned and approached the three animals. Chance raised his head and growled, trying to get up enough strength to stand and face this potential new foe. \"He's just trying to help, Chance. Relax,\" Shadow whispered, \"For goodness sake, let him.\" Chance fell silent and dropped his head onto his paws. But he didn't take his eyes off the man, and curled his lip silently when the man picked up Sassy and carried her off into the house. He actively growled when the younger man hefted him into his arms and carried him into the house. But the man ignored him, and Chance was too exhausted to follow through on his threat anyway. The older man, who introduced himself as John, examined and tended to the animals one by one. \"Those are some tough animals you've got there,\" John told the kids, \"They're going to be fine.\" \"Loyal, too,\" the younger man, Sam, added, \"The old dog was trying to lead one of the Werewolves away from the house. Soon as it was dead, he turned back to deal with the one here.\" The children didn't speak. They were too much in shock about the whole ordeal.[Chapter 12] MONDAY \"Sometimes out in the country, you get packs of dogs gone feral,\" John explained to Mom and Dad the next day, \"They can do some darn crazy things. Good thing you have two big dogs who'll stand by ya. Ain't nothin' better than a good dog at your side.\" He didn't tell them about the Werewolves. He told the children they'd be better off not saying anything either. The evidence was gone. Without seeing it firsthand, it was highly unlikely their parents would believe anything they had to say about Werewolves. Most people didn't. Like he'd said, people didn't see unless they were ready to believe. The world of the supernatural existed in virtual secrecy, because people didn't want to see. They didn't want to believe. Because the supernatural didn't play by the rules. The silver in the bullets was more symbolic than anything. The reason they killed the Werewolves was basically because of \"magic\". Unlike television and movies, the science wasn't cut and dried. It was never a matter of saying the right words and simply believing hard enough. That would be a kind of science. Werewolves didn't fit into any science. Which is why the world rejected them, and that which was like them. Because it was too different from the natural way of things. Because there were no scientific explanations for how and why. They simply existed. \"You say you got the whole pack?\" Dad asked nervously, holding tight to his wife. \"I think so, and your dogs seem to be agreein' with that,\" John replied. He then told how Shadow had led \"some of the pack\" away from the house, and then returned \"for the rest of them.\" He said that, if there were more, Shadow would know about it, and probably wouldn't rest until he'd taken care of them too. \"I wouldn't worry,\" John said, \"Takes years to build up a large pack like the one which was here. Abandoned dogs tend to die or just become regular strays. Vicious packs like this... not common.\" \"Well, thank you,\" Dad said, then shook John's hand. \"Thank your dogs,\" John replied, smiling, \"And your cat too, if she'll accept it. I ain't never heard of a cat that would fight off wild dogs. Pack mentality ain't a part of their makeup.\" The three animals lay together in the living room. Later, they would be taken to the vet to check up on them. But for now, they were resting, and simply glad to be alive. \"Let's never have an adventure again,\" Chance sighed after awhile. \"Amen to that, sweety,\" Sassy mewed, \"I'm never going outside again for as long as I live.\" \"I don't think I'll ever feel like chewing again,\" Chance continued, \"I'll just sleep for the rest of my life. And eat. Eating is good.\" \"Don't be ridiculous, you two,\" Shadow grunted, \"You'll both get better, and you'll go right back to what you've always done. That's what youngsters do. They bounce back. Given time, you may even forget about all of this.\" \"You talk like you're not gonna get better,\" Chance said, \"What's wrong?\" \"Nothing, Chance. I'm just tired. That's all.\" \"Fine. But stop talking like you're gonna die. That's not gonna happen, okay?\" \"Yes, Chance. Yes, it will. Maybe not now. But soon enough. Certainly before you do, if I have my way about it. Everybody dies, Chance. Whether it's injury, illness or old age, it will happen. It will happen to me. And to you. And, yes, it will even happen to Peter and Jamie eventually.\" \"But I don't want you to die. And I don't want to die either.\" \"Of course you don't,\" Shadow told him, \"No creature with any sense wants to die. But there's no reason to be afraid of it. It's a fact of life, just like being born, just like growing old. The only thing you need to worry about is not dying before your time.\" \"I don't follow,\" Chance admitted. \"Neither do I,\" Sassy chimed in. \"You'll understand. One day. If you want to.\" Shadow was right, of course. Shadow was always right. Whether Chance liked it or not, that was a simple fact he'd learned that he could not deny. For a moment, they were all silent. \"Hey,\" Chance was, as usual, the first to break it, \"I think I smell chicken.\" He scrambled to his feet and limped hurriedly to the kitchen, wagging his tail. \"I do smell chicken! Hey, you wanna share that chicken? Some of the chicken? All of the chicken?. Please, please, please? Just drop some, I'll eat it off the floor. Come on!\" \"Stupid dog,\" Sassy purred affectionately. \"All young dogs are,\" Shadow replied mildly, \"He'll learn. In time.\" \"And with a good teacher,\" Sassy added, standing and then walking over to curl up next to Shadow, \"You're the only dog I've ever known who was worth following.\" \"Give him time. Chance has more potential than you may think. You see, Chance knew. Right from the start. He may not know he knew, but he did. He knew about Tracy, about the mailman and maybe even about Jim. He knew right from the start what I had to figure out.\" \"What good does that do him if he doesn't realize it?\" Sassy asked. \"He will. One day. When he's ready.\" A/N: Thank you kindly for reading, and I hope you enjoyed it. ","Summary":" \"In self-defense and in defense of the innocent, cowardice is the only sin.\" ~ Dean Koontz FRIDAY"},{"Movie":"Homeward Bound","Title":"Homeward Bound III: Running with the Wolves","Author":"HomewardDino","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9847172","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Homeward Bound III: Running with the Wolves Disclaimer: The following characters (Sassy, Shadow, Chance, Delilah and the Family) are property of Walt Disney's Homeward Bound Franchise. Other characters, were thought up by me. I recommend playing this first watch?v=owDUwIQpsGM (It's a good intro music I found on youtube) It makes it feel like you are watching a movie, if it's not the same for you, you can simply skip this part :) Note: All italicized letters means it is being narrated by Chance Prologue \" Oh, Hello there, some of you might know me, some probably won't. Some people remember me from that incredible journey past the mountains. No? , probably the part in the city, you know, where I met the one? \" \" Well, in any case, Hi!, my name is Chance, and that was my, (ahem) I mean, our story, me and my friends Shadow, Sassy and my wife Delilah. It's been a year since that faithful day where me and my friends got lost in the big city, ever since that time I have had this crazy feeling that this adventure thing isn't done with me yet, anyways , I'm glad that happened, otherwise I would never have met Delilah and we wouldn't have these.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 1: Playtime From out of nowhere, four puppies came running across the room, playing and running along as long as they wish. \"Hey kids, come on, Papa's telling a story.\" \"Aw, come on Papa, play with us,\" said the first pup. \"Yeah!, come on daddy, let's go to the yard,\" said the other three simultaneously . Chance chuckled a bit, \"Pups, oh by the way, those are our kids, the ringleader, that's Buffy, he's the eldest of the bunch, he's kinda like me in some way, fearless, fun, full of life-,\" \"Don't forget troublesome and chaotic,\" interrupted by his one and only frenemy (both friend and enemy) . \"Pipe down Sassy, I'm telling the story here.\" \"Pipe down?\" asked Sassy, \"If you ask me it was quite an improvement on your would be story.\" \"Oh you're going to regret that.\" Chance said as he started barking and getting ready to chase down his feline companion. \"Oh my!\" Sassy suddenly runs towards the stairs. \"Hey come back here kitty, I won't hurt you, I just wanna lick that beautiful fur of yours.\" Chance muttered. \"Leave me alone mutt!\" screeched Sassy. \"Almost there kitty.\" Chance said happily. But alas, he ran into Hope, who was carrying Sassy. \"Chance, stay away from Sassy, you're gonna mess her up.\" Hope said. \"Oh man, why do you always take the fun out of everything?\" Chance muttered. \"Ha! It's just like last time Chance, Cats rule and Dogs drool .\" Sassy teased on him. \"Don't worry, next time Hope won't be there to save your butt.\" replied Chance. \"Now where was I? , Oh, I remember, so once again, the one with the brown patch all over his right eye is my eldest pup, Buffy. The one with black and brown patches all over his body right there is Cody, came next after Buffy, kinda looks like a spitting image of me. Those two little ladies over there are our daughters Diva and Jessie. Among the litters Diva has the loudest howl among them, hence her name. Jessie, well, what can I say? , she's almost like a spitting image of her mom, spends more time with his brothers than her sister here, between you and me, she's more boy than girl.\" \"I heard that!\" Jessie answered. This caused Chance to chuckle a bit. \"Come on Papa, play with us. Uncle Shadow is tired already.\" Diva said. Chance couldn't resist his daughter, he gave a huge sigh and went along to play with his pups. After twenty minutes of playtime, a stunning figure caught Chance's eye, coming out of the house, \"Hey there, troublemaker.\" It was his wife, Delilah and boy is she a keeper. \"Sweetie, go play with your brothers and sister, Papa's going to see mommy.\" Chance told her daughter. \"Sure Papa,\" Diva replied. \"Why hello there beautiful.\" he greeted his wife. \"Having fun hon? \" Delilah asked, to which Chance happily replied, \"I'm feeling great.\" \"I'm glad you're having a great time Chance.\" Delilah said. \"Well, it wouldn't be possible if you hadn't chased me back here you know.\" Delilah laughed at Chance's comment and gave her mate a soft nuzzle and said, \"I would do it again if I have too,\" to which Chance replied, \"I'd get lost in the city again, only this time, I know where to find you.\" \"Oh Delilah, what a great life we have here.\" Chance said. \"I couldn't agree more,\" replied Delilah. \"We have everything, a family, friends and four adorable pups, I mean what could possibly go wrong-\" Suddenly the sound of a garbage bin tumbling over was heard as he had seen Buffy accidentally hitting it as he chases his siblings causing dirt to spill all over the area and himself too. Chance couldn't get a word out of his mouth except, \"Uh-oh.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 2: Getting Bigger Out of nowhere, Peter and Jamie came out of the house and saw the mess. Their faces showed shock and fury at the same time. \"Oh man! Buffy, look at what you've done boy.\" Peter said. This caused the young pup to bow his head down for he knew that Peter was mad about something. Then Jamie spoke, \"Take it easy on him Peter, he's just a puppy. Besides it was an accident.\" \"Well that's easy for you to say, you're not the one cleaning up every time this happens,\" Peter retorted. \"That's not true, I was the one who cleaned up last time,\" Jamie replied. \"You did not,\" Peter fired back. \"I did too,\" Jamie replied. \"Did not.\" \"Did too.\" \"Did not.\" \"Did too.\" \"Guys! Stop, you're fighting about trash? Again?\" Hope chuckled, \"Well, Boys will be Boys I guess.\" \"Someone still has to clean this up, how about this? I give Buffy a bath and you clean the trash\" Peter suggested. \"That's not fair, how about we do it the other way around, I take Buffy and you stay with the trash\" Jamie answered. Hope interfered the boys argument, \"How about I take Buffy and both of you clean the trash?\" The two boys didn't answer that quick, \"Silence means YES! \" So Hope took Buffy for a bath without giving the boys a chance to argue once more. \"Great, now were both on trash duty,\" Peter said. \"It won't be that bad, besides we'll be quicker.\" Jamie replied. Peter gave a quick grin to his little brother as they started to clean up the mess. Meanwhile, Hope has just finished giving Buffy his bath, again. Buffy then headed straight towards his parents and siblings, who were getting ready for dinner. \"Sorry Papa, I caused a mess again,\" Buffy told his dad. \"It was an accident kiddo, don't beat yourself too much.\" Chance told his son. Sassy passed by them and dropped the words, \"Like Father, like son,\" afterwards giving a short chuckle. \"Shut up Sassy.\" Chance retorted. \"Come along you two, let's get inside, it's almost dinnertime,\" Shadow said, \"Ok old timer, Come on kids, time to go, you wouldn't wanna miss dinner now would you?\" Chance told his pups. \"Yay,\" replied Diva. \"I hope its meatloaf tonight.\" Cody followed up. \" Wow, I couldn't believe it, they're only five months old, but they look like they could find a mate already, these pups really grow so fast. Speaking of growing, Pete is in high school now, Hope is moving onward through middle school along with my boy Jamie. Oh Jamie, he's grown so much, saw him trying to drive Bob's car once. But there is still one thing that didn't change about him, ever since the events of last year, when he thought I died due to a car accident, it really changed him, when he found me alive. He never gets mad at me anymore, even if he doesn't know why some of his shoelaces are missing (chuckle). What I'm saying is, our bond is stronger, especially with the pups here.\" \"Kids, dinner's ready, come on now.\" Laura called. \"Oh, Bob?\" Laura asked, \"Yeah?\" Bob asked in return. Laura grabbed a food bowl and tossed it to him, \"Be a dear and feed the animals please,\" she said with a grin on her face. \"Um Sure, no problem.\" Bob replied. So he grabbed the pet's food and gave them all their dinner, \"Come on Chance, Shadow, Delilah, guys it's dinnertime.\" \"You heard that kids? Dinner's ready,\" Delilah told her pups. Cody dashed towards the stairs yelling, \"Oh boy oh boy oh boy.\" \"Jeez, it's not like this will be his last supper,\" Jessie commented causing her other siblings to laugh. \"What are you waiting for guys?\" Chance asked, \"You don't want Cody to finish your dinner don't you?\" \"Come on guys!\" Buffy leads the pups once more, along with their Uncle Shadow and Aunt Sassy. This leaves Chance and Delilah alone on their sleeping place. \"So Chance, how's your day?\" Delilah opened up. \"Everything's great Delilah, with all the commotion earlier I'd say we're pretty good.\" Chance paused for a while. \"What's wrong Chance? Something bothering you?\" Delilah asked with a hint of worry. \"Nothing, its just-, \"Chance paused once more. \"What?\" Delilah asked once more. It's just, I feel like I'm missing something, I'm happy, but sometimes I just have this feeling like my body wants to break free into another crazy adventure like the last one,\" Chance replied. \"Chance, what are you saying? You have four beautiful pups, a loving family, and most off all you got me, isn't that an adventure worth having, isn't it enough?\" Delilah asked. \"It's not like that, its just-,\" Chance tries to explain. \"Then what is it?\" Delilah asked again. \"It's nothing, forget I mentioned it. Come on, dinner right?\" Chance mentioned. \"Just a minute bulldog,\" Delilah answered. Chance didn't know what was up, if she was mad because of the things he said, but surprisingly, Delilah approached Chance calmly and gave him a kiss in his lip (more lick a lick actually) . \"I love you Chance,\" Delilah said. Chance gave her a smile and a soft nuzzle, \"I love you too Delilah.\" Without warning, Delilah dashed out of the room saying, \"Last one downstairs is a rotten pup.\" \"Oh no you didn't!\" Chance barked as he followed his mate towards the dining room.[Chapter 4] Chapter 3: Weird Feelings \" The next morning, well, it was Sunday. For the family, it's family day. So they decided to go to the park and have lunch there.\" Bob preps the car and called out, \"Come on guys, we don't have all day.\" The kids, Peter, Hope and Jamie started calling on their furkids. \"Chance!, Delilah!, come on guys!, we're going to the park.\" Jamie screamed. \"Shadow! Come on boy,\" Peter yelled. \"Sassy! , come on girl, it's time to go.\" Hope followed. A few seconds later their pets came running towards them like a raging bull. Each one barking (except Sassy) at them as if they want to leave immediately. Peter said, \"Ok guys, settle down, come on, let's get in the car everyone.\" While the children are on the way, Bob and Laura were already and set, waiting in the car. \"Hey,\" Bob said. Laura faced him and he continued, \"This is gonna be another fun-filled family day.\" Laura smiled and gave him a kiss. The kids came up and opened the car doors, took in their pets as they simultaneously yelled, \"Let's go, let's go.\" \"Easy there tigers, oh I almost forgot, seatbelts,\" Laura reminded them. After strapping themselves in, Peter once again checked on the animals making sure they're secure. \"Were good dad,\" he said. With no further due, they drove down straight for the park. \" Wow, our kids first outing with the family, of course I didn't count a visit to the vet an outing, anyways , it's kinda great being back in the open, having fun with the family and all that.\" The car passed by the shipyard, of course one of the pups was bound to ask questions, then-. \"Hey Papa, what's that thing floating over that big water?\" Buffy asked. \"That my boy is a duck.\" Chance answered. \"What's it for?\" Diva asked. \"Well,….uhm….usually humans eat them for dinner and other kinda stuff.\" Chance muttered. \"Aw, that's too bad.\" Cody followed. \"Actually no, they're actually pretty good. Had one before in thanksgiving.\" Chance stated happily. \"What about that one, that's probably the biggest duck floating around here,\" Jessie said. But this time, Chance wasn't the one who answered. \"No honey, that's what we call a boat,\" Delilah stated. \"What's it for?\" Jessie asked again. \"Well, that's what humans usually use, if ever they want to get across the water without getting themselves wet,\" Delilah replied. \"Cool, can we get one?\" Diva asked. \"Even if we did have one for ourselves young one, we wouldn't know how to use one, I myself haven't ridden in one of those before,\" Shadow claimed. \"I wish I could ride one, just once,\" Cody mentioned. \"Don't worry kiddo, who knows? Maybe someday you get to be in one of those things,\" Chance said. It was nearing lunchtime and the park was on sight. As they arrived their destination, the boys immediately helped Bob unpack and the two girls help set the table for lunch. Peter grabbed his Frisbee, \"Shadow, come on boy.\" \"Oh Frisbee, I'm coming Peter.\" Shadow answered. \"Go on boy, come on,\" Peter said as he was swaying the Frisbee above Shadow. \"Come on Peter, throw it.\" Shadow muttered. Peter threw it hard, but of course there's no stopping Shadow. He chased down, and he jumped as high as he can with a flip and caught it ,even before it was two feet from the ground. \"How do you like that pups?\" Shadow stated. \"Cool, Uncle Shadow's the best.\" Jessie said. \"Show-off,\" Chance thought to himself. \"Man, I haven't performed that trick in a while, I feel younger already.\" Shadow said. \"Nice Shadow, you had luck on your side, you know.\" Chance stated. \"Oh, is that so? You think you can do better pup?\" Shadow asked. \"Come on, where very much the same, only I'm younger, faster, stronger and-\" Chance was cut-off. \"Well then, I guess we'll just have to see won't we?\" Shadow smirked at Chance as he handed over the Frisbee to him. Chance grabbed it and approached Jamie, \"Come on Jamie-boy, let's show them who's the best.\" Jamie faced him and said, \"You wanna play boy?\" Chance merely responded with a bark, which in dog language would mean, \"Hell Yeah!\" \"Come on then boy,\" Jamie said as he swayed the Frisbee. \"What's up with you two now?\" Sassy asked Shadow. \"Frisbee contest,\" Shadow stated. \"Oh my, I can't wait to see if there will be a repeat of last time.\" Sassy followed with a laugh. \"Here boy!, Catch!\" Jamie said as he threw the flying disc into the air. \"I got it!\" is what all Chance has to say as he chases down the Frisbee. \"There goes the pup,\" Shadow announced. Jamie and the rest of the pets were watching as Chance chased the disc, which is now nearing to the ground. Then suddenly, Chance leaped and caught it without any fuss, \"I got it!\" But he wasn't looking at where he's supposed to land which turned out to be a part of lake. A huge splash was heard as Chance hit the water, not too hard though, just enough to get him wet rather than pain. \"Oh man, well at least I got it.\" Chance proclaimed to the rest. \"I was wrong, it wasn't a repeat of the last time,\" Sassy stated with a chuckle, \"It was better.\" \"Oh jeez, I'm all wet.\" Chance muttered as he wiggled his wet fur. \"Old timer two points, Pup zero,\" Shadow stated as he passed by Chance. \"I just let you win you know, wouldn't wanna beat you out on your own game that fast.\" Chance said \"Funny Chance, that's exactly what you said the last time too.\" Shadow reminded him. As time passed by, everyone was having a good time, running and pouncing and all does dog stuff, but there was one who was feeling a bit uneasy. Delilah have been feeling odd today, it's as if she wanted to have fun with the family, but she couldn't. She decided to have someone to talk to, so she approached Sassy. \"Hey, what's up with you?\" Sassy asked as she saw Delilah approach her. \"Can I talk to you?\" Delilah asked. \"Sure, I could use a little girl talk for a while.\" Sassy said. Delilah sat beside her, as they were now both watching the boys and the other dogs playing. \"I'm having these thoughts,\" Delilah opened up. \"What's it about?\" Sassy asked. \"I don't know, I can't explain it, I'm feeling….worried,\" Delilah said. \"What are you so worried about?\" Sassy asked eagerly. \"That's the thing, I really don't know what I'm worried about, I'm just worried.\" Delilah answered. \"When did all this worrying started?\" Sassy asked. \"Well….,it all started after that conservation I had with Chance, he opened up about wanting to go out and have an adventure, of course we both know where that leads to right?\" she chuckled a bit. \"Well if you ask me, sounds like Chance is alright, I would be more worried if he wouldn't be talking about things like that, if you know what I mean,\" Sassy mentioned, which caused both parties to laugh a little bit. \"I still don't see why you're so worried about that.\" Sassy stated. \"Me neither, I'm just worried sick, like something is bound to happen to us, you know? I just have these weird feelings causing me uneasiness.\" Delilah said. \"Well, if I were you I wouldn't worry so much. Even if something like that happens, as long as we're together, we'll be fine.\" Sassy assured her. \"You think so?\" Delilah asked. \"Trust me, I know so, it happened like two times already.\" Sassy answered. \"Yeah, you're probably right, what do you say we go play with the kids huh?\" Delilah asked again, \"I'd love that, Aunt Sassy to the rescue.\" She said as she leaped over Delilah. \"Hey, wait up.\" Delilah said with a laugh. Well folks, there you go, here is Chapter 3, I'm sorry if I lack the proper introduction, this is my first fanfiction ever. Don't forget to leave a review or any suggestions if you want. Don't be shy, I might need some additional ideas to make this story more interesting. I would be quickly releasing a couple more chapters earlier, I want this story to be a seasonal one(you know like it fits the occasion, something like that), If you don't like it, it's alright :), Hope you will enjoy reading this story, as I have enjoyed writing it (I mean, I'm literally writing it first, instead of typing it already, makes it more enjoyable)[Chapter 5] Chapter 4: The Story of Us There are certain parts in this Chapter where I changed a few details, like the part on how THEY met each other, I apologize for that. I wanted you guys to see how the story would be told on Chance's point of view. (Well you know how he likes to tell things, right? ) So, without further a-do, here's Chapter 4 Three weeks have passed, little did the animals know that it was already halfway through October, winter was approaching already, but not for them. The animals were keeping themselves busy, playing in the yard, when suddenly dark clouds started approaching their way. \"My my, looks like it's gonna be raining hard today,\" Shadow commented. \"Sure looks like it,\" Sassy said. \"Come in kids, time to go inside,\" Delilah said. \"But mama, Can't we just stay out here for a little while?,\" Jessie asked. \"I wouldn't want that kiddo,\" Chance said, \"You might get sick you know, we wouldn't want that right?\" \"Come on kids, listen to your dad,\" Delilah said once again. \"Yes mama,\" replied the pups in unison. \"Run along now kids,\" Shadow followed up. As Shadow said it, it did rain hard, Chance along with his friends and his family were forced to stay indoors with Bob and his family. They were running out of ideas on what to do just to keep themselves from being bored to death mostly. \"It's boring in here,\" Diva started. \"Yeah mama, we can't do anything fun in here,\" Cody said. \"Well sweetie, there is not much we can do inside the house you know, it's not like outside, right Chance?\" she said facing Chance. \"Chance?\" Delilah asked her mate, who seems preoccupied. \"What are you up to hon? \"She asked once more. Chance gave her a smirk and said, \"Remember the first time we met? That day in the park? The city?\" \"Of course I do, who would forget that? That is where we first got to know each other a little better.\" Delilah commented. \"Remember when you thought a corndog was made out of dog? \" Chance teased his mate, \"Come on, what did you expect? I was a stray, I wouldn't even know half of the stuff I knew now if you haven't been there.\" She answered. \"What's a corndog mama?\" Buffy suddenly interfered. Both we're surprised to see that their son was listening to their conversation, Chance gave a soft chuckle (reminded him of Delilah) and said, \"It's a long story champ.\" Then along came his siblings, tumbling around and bombarding them both with questions; \"Was that your first date?\" \"How did you two meet?\" \"Where did this all happen?\" \"Did you two kissed?\" \"Tell us, please!\" With so much anticipation from their kids, Chance was having some thoughts, \"Well, we could tell you, but I don't know, it's a long one, you probably don't wanna hear it.\" \"Please!?\" their pups said in unison. \"Come on Chance, we have time.\" Delilah said to her mate. Chance gave a huge sigh, \"Okay kiddies, we'll tell you the story.\" This last statement caused the young ones to cheer. \"Ok, ok, settle down now,\" Delilah said. \"Find a comfortable spot kids, cause you're gonna sit down for this a little bit longer.\" Chance said. \"Hmmm, Chance for story-telling?, I wanna see where this one goes.\" Sassy said. \"Who knows, guess we'll just have to sit down and listen as well.\" Shadow muttered. With everyone settled down, Chance begins telling the story from his point of view, \"It actually started as a trip another place, well sort of. But then, we were placed inside these cages, Jamie was mad at me that time,- \" \"Who could blame him? You ruined his baseball game.\" Sassy stated. \"As I was saying, before being rudely interrupted, I thought that Jamie was so mad, he didn't want us anymore, I figured he was sending us to the bad place. After that-\" Chance was stopped. \"Whoa, wait a minute, first of all, they weren't taking us to the bad place, Secondly, you screwed us up for the second time around by running away again.\" Sassy mentioned. \"Just… Shut up Sassy, stop spoiling everything up.\" Chance rebuffed. He gave a deep relaxing breath and continued, \"As I was saying, when I saw these men in masks with all this weird stuff with them, It confirmed my suspicions that we we're heading up for the bad place.\" \"What did you then Papa?\" Jessie asked. \"Well, since everyone was dead scared that time, your dad was the brains of all the escape, I found a way to…\" Chance continued. \"More like the tails of-\" Sassy was interrupted. \"Shhh….keep it down Sassy, just listen, this might be interesting.\" Shadow said. \"Pfff…..whatever Shadow.\" Sassy retorted. \"After I helped the others escape, we tried to chase down Jamie and the rest, who were already on-board on one of those huge bird machines. We never made it, we were left behind by our humans. I wanted to wait for them to return, but we were suddenly being chased by the goons of the bad place. So we resorted to outrunning them. We ended up being lost once again. Like I said, this isn't the first time this sort of thing happened to us. We even experienced sleeping in a box, a wet one if I may add. We walked and walked as far as we can count our own steps, realizing in the end that we are further away from home now. We circled the city to ask for directions to the Golden Bridge, Shadow suggested that once he knows where it is, he could get us home. We ended up with some trouble, we were ambushed.\" \"By who Papa?\" Diva asked with curiosity. \"We were ambushed by a couple of strays, you know, dogs without owners. Anyways, we were running out of options, so Papa run as fast as he could to be a distraction, so they'd chase me instead of your Uncle Shadow and Aunt Sassy.\" \"Wow,\" the pups said slowly in a unison manner. \"I know right?, so there I was, faster than fast, until I saw a blinding white figure. She was the most beautiful dog I have ever seen in my life and that she would be the last dog I will ever lay my eyes on.\" \"Then what happened?\" Diva asked. \"Well you know, I saw her following me, so I had to slow down a bit just so she could catch up and-\" \"Funny Chance, I seem to remember I was chasing you for your friends and caught you with ease.\" Delilah commented. This caused Shadow and Sassy to laugh hard. \"Ok, let's say I changed that part, but I will never lie kids, when I met this dog, I was willing to stay in the city, I wasn't even thinking about going home to Jamie. It was a bad time back then. But then, trouble came, in the form of-\" Chance was interrupted. \"Uhm Chance? Mind if I take this part? \" Delilah asked. \"Sure, go ahead,\" Chance replied. So he sat down to listen as his mate tells the other half of their story. \"Now things ought to be more interesting,\" Sassy muttered. \"But then, trouble came, in the form of a blood red van.\" She said, as her pups showed a hint of shock in their faces. \"What is that?\" Cody asked. \"It's some sort of transport, which takes dogs away from the street, where they are never seen again. Your dad was taken in by this thing and was gonna be gone, forever.\" \"Did you save him mama?\" Buffy asked. \"I'll tell you how, because mama loves papa so much, I was determined to stop that truck, no matter what. I even asked help from all my friends, including your Uncle Shadow and Aunt Sassy. We banded together and stopped them from taking your father from us. But then I realized the situation, how dangerous it is for your dad to stay in the city, so I said mean things to him, just to force him to go back with his humans.\" \"But why mama? Don't you love papa?\" Jessie asked. \"I do, but mama forgot to realize something.\" Delilah said. \"What is it?\" asked the pups in unison. \"Mama didn't realize how sad she would be, knowing that she'd let go of the one dog that she loved with all her heart, So I left my group, tracked him, and like I said to him, I followed my nose, and my heart. I was so happy being back into your father's paws, he even introduced me to the family, and Jamie. They took me in, as if I was one of them. So I decided to stay with your father, forever.\" \"Aw, that's so sweet mama, I hope I find a mate just like papa.\" Jessie exclaimed. Delilah chuckled and gave her daughter a soft nuzzle, \"Well…., when you're older hon, I'm sure you will.\" Suddenly, the rain stopped as the sun rose up in the sky, past the clouds. \"Well would you look at that,\" Shadow stated.\" \"Looks like the dogs get to play after all, better than being here listening to Chance.\" Sassy thought. \"Come on guys!, let's go play.\" Buffy leaded as the others cheered and followed their ringleader. \"Come on uncle Shadow,\" Diva called out. \"Right at you kiddo.\" Shadow replied. Delilah approached Chance, \"Nice job on the story Chance.\" \"Thanks, you weren't so bad yourself.\" \"Come on, it's a wonderful afternoon, we shouldn't keep the kids waiting.\" Delilah said. Chance gave her a quick nuzzle on her cheek and zoomed out screaming, \"You snooze you lose.\" \"Hey! No fair,\" Delilah said as she followed her mate. Well there you have it, sorry if I'm in a slow pace with this story. I wanted more character development with them before the \"real action\" takes place. Let me know what you guys think, leave a review or PM me, your choice. I hope you liked this one.[Chapter 6] Chapter 5: Legend of the Wolf To my followers, and those who added me on their favorites list, I thank you. Here is the next chapter for the story, sorry if it took a little bit longer than expected, I had to cover up loop holes from the previous chapters, and make sure this would be the best so far. So, without further a-do, here is Chapter 5. \"Papa? Where are you going!?\" Diva asked with distress, Chance faced his daughter with fear in his eyes and yelled, \"I'll stall him!, Get back to the others Diva!\" \"Papa, don't leave me!, please!,\" she cried. Chance quickly approached his daughter as the sound of a ferocious creature growls through the air, he gave her a soft nuzzle and said, \"I love you Diva, you will always be my little girl, but there I things I must do, Now Go!\" Chance dashed as he tries to lure away the mysterious attacker, \"Papa, wait, don't go!\" she said with tears in her eyes. All Chance said was, \"Go!\" Suddenly, a strange dark figure came up against her. Frozen in fear, there was nothing she can do but scream. \"Ahhhhh!\" She woke up, gasping for air. She was sweating with a heartbeat way beyond normal. She looked around and she was with her family, along with Shadow and Sassy. She started to relax and breathe normally, her heart beating slower this time. \"Wow, that was the worst dream I ever had,\" she said in her thoughts, \"Actually, that's the only dream I ever had in my life.\" \"What a nightmare,\" Diva exclaimed. She was surprised that no one was bothered by her scream. Troubled, she tried to get back to sleep and forget that horrible nightmare she just had. The next morning, same routine for the family, Diva remained quiet and decided not to tell anyone about her nightmare. Everything looks normal today, except, it wasn't. \"Come on Jamie!, get them ready, we'll be leaving for the vet in five minutes,\" Bob ordered. \"Yes Dad, I'll be down there before you know it.\" Jamie replied as he was trying to get his shirt on. \"Oh man, not the vet.\" Buffy said. His thoughts were interrupted by his sister, \"Papa we're fine, See?\" Jessie gave a soft smile and jumped happily, then continued, \"We're not sick, so why do we have to go there?\" she asked. Chance quickly thought of an answer, \"Well kids, the thing is….., not all dogs stay strong all the time, especially pups like you. We send you there once in a while, just to keep you strong and safe against any sickness. The humans there gives you something which help your body get stronger, that way you won't get sick.\" \"But Papa, the last time we went there they stick some kind of needle on me, that hurts you know.\" Buffy said hysterically. \"Yeah Papa, why do they do that?\" Cody suddenly asked. \"Well, uhm….\" Chance paused at the sight of Delilah coming towards them. \"Come on kids, were gonna be late-,\" she paused, 'What's wrong guys?\" \"Mama why do they use needles on us every time we go there?\" Diva asked her mom. Delilah gave Chance a quick look and gave a grin, then back at the kids,\" Well honey, as the old cat says-\" \"I heard that.\" Sassy interrupted. Delilah chuckled, then continued,\" There is more than one way to skin a fish. It's is either they use the needles or it goes through your mouth.\" \"Ewww, gross!\" the pups replied simultaneously. \"Yup, I hear it tastes like rotten eggs, would you like that?\" Delilah asked again. \"No!\" they replied in unison. \"I think I prefer they use the needle now.\" Buffy said. \"Last time they did, you ended up crying all the way home.\" Jessie said. \"It wasn't just me, right guys?\" Buffy turned on his other siblings, who were laughing a little bit. \"Yup,\" Cody said. \"Yeah, it was just you, I remembered it perfectly.\" Diva followed \"Oh man,\" Buffy said and faced his siblings, \"You'll see, I won't even flinch later.\" He exclaimed. \"Oh, I can't wait to see that one.\" Jessie said. Before another possible fight arises between the pups, Delilah broke it off, \"Ok kids, enough teasing for now, come on, Jamie's calling for us.\" \"Come on guys!, It's time to go.\" Jamie screamed out. The pups heard and followed Jamie's voice, leaving their parents alone for a while, \"Heh, Kids, they're more like you.\" Chance said. \"Really, Chance? As I saw Buffy, I saw more of you on him, you both sound big sometimes.\" She said. \"Well, it's not always bad, you know-\" he stopped as Delilah gave him a lick on his cheek. \"That's what got me into you, remember.\" She said. \"Papa? Mama? Are you coming with us?\" Diva asked form behind them. They both smiled and Chance said, \"Of course.\" A few moments later they followed their pups into Bob's car, as they headed towards the vet. Narration: So we went off, like I said, this wasn't their first time visiting the vet. Although like me, they always hated going there. I remember the first time I went there, they had to strap all of my legs just to give me that medicine. Compared to them, they actually take it pretty well, especially Jessie. I wouldn't say the same for Buffy, yet. It took them about half an hour to get to the vet. Bob helped Jamie get the animals off the car. \"Ok guys, we're here.\" Chance told his pups. \"Come on Jamie, the sooner we get there, the sooner we finish, right?\" Bob told his son. \"Yup,\" Jamie replied with a smile. As they entered the clinic, they spotted a huge line inside. \"Whoa, that is one big line we have there.\" Bob exclaimed. \"This is gonna take a while, isn't it? Jamie asked. Bob simply nodded to his son. Soon enough, they were greeted by a young lady wearing a lab coat, just like a doctor. \"Good morning, I'm Priscilla, Dr. Morrison's assistant, sorry for the inconvenience, we've been swamped all morning. The waiting area is right over that room, we wish for you and your pets to stay inside until you are called via the paging system. If that would be alright for you, of course.\" She said in a soft tone. \"Sure, it's alright, we understand.\" Bob replied. \"Thank you,\" she replied as she gestured the way. Bob faced Jamie, \"Jamie.\" \"Yeah?\" Bob started explaining, \"Listen, uh, your mom asked me to get some stuff in the grocery store, I didn't expect this one though. Could you watch the animals for a while? You know, just to save time.\" \"It's ok dad, I can handle 'em,\" he replied with a smile. \"Tell you what, I'll get you anything you want when I get back, you name it.\" Bob said. \"Can you get me and Chance a cheeseburger?\" Bob gave out a smile and said, \"Sure, no problem.\" He left the vet, leaving Jamie with the dogs. They all entered into the waiting area. There were lots of dogs in there ( of course ), and a few dog owners keeping watch. There is also a television set, in the room. ( Showing: National Geographic Channel's Running with the Wolves ) Jamie sat down for a while and let his pets have fun while they wait for their turn. \"Papa, can we go play?\" Diva asked with joy. \"Sure, kiddo. Don't play so rough.\" Chance answered. So the four pups started looking for playmates, they haven't been inside the waiting before, usually they were always the first one to be treated by the vet. As they looked around, they spotted a big puppy, almost half the size of their dad, with a thick reddish brown fur. \"Hmm.. I wonder if he or she is friendly.\" Jessie wondered. \"Don't worry, I'll ask him.\" Buffy said proudly. \"Or her.\" Diva followed. As Buffy approached the weird looking dog, he was trying to figure out the things he wanted to say. He thought, \" Hi,…No….Hello... Uhm. Man, why is this so hard? \" His siblings were following him from behind. \"Hi…(gulp)I'm….Buffy, these are my siblings, Cody, Jessie and Diva. Wanna play?\" The strange pup slowly stood up and faced him, they all started hiding behind Jessie, Buffy included. The eyes of this dog were different, the way he stares ( Yes, he's a male) , eyes as blue as the ocean, filled with anger, revealing a huge bandage wrapped around his leg. \"Hi there, I'm Damian. Nice to meet you guys. Sorry, I can't move that much, or play for the matter. My leg was just starting to heal after I had an accident.\" The dog replied \"It's no biggie, but…DUDE!, what's with your eyes? Are you mad or something?\" Jessie asked. \"Oh that? Don't mind it, I'm not mad, must be the mask along my eyes that gave you the impression.\" Damian chuckled then continued, \"This is how I've always looked like, Sorry if I scared you guys.\" \"We weren't scared,…just…surprised, that's all.\" Cody muttered. Jessie rolled her eyes, \"Oh brother.\" Damian laughed a little after hearing that. \"So, what kind of dog are you?\" Diva asked. \"Oh, Diva, right?\" Damian replied. This caused Diva to blush , \" He remembered my name already? \" The two boys chuckled softly, Buffy whispered, \"Looks like we have a couple.\" \"I'm a husky.\" Damian continued. \"A Husky ? Never heard of those kinds of dogs before, or seen one for the matter. This is actually the first time.\" Jessie said. Then she thought, \" He's kinda cute though. \" Cody broke up the silence, \"Dude, you're huge, how old are you?\" \"About two and a half months, as I remember.\" Damian replied. \"What!?\" the pups said in unison. \"Why, is it so hard to believe?\" Damian asked. \"Really? We're almost 6 months old, and you're even bigger than us.\" Diva claimed. \"Yeah bro, what's the game here?\" Buffy followed. \"No games, I really am the youngest among all of us here, I'm just…..bigger, that's all, it's common among my kind of dog.\" Damian replied. Then everybody's attention went to the television, \"Are those huskies too?\" Diva asked. \"Nope, they're called wolves.\" Damian answered. \"What's a Wolf?\" Cody suddenly asked, 'They sure look a lot like you, but sound different at the same time.\" \"Well…..I don't really know that much about them, I'm still a pup.\" Damian said. \"It's okay, tell us what you know instead?\" Jessie urged him. Damian looked at the pups with curiosity and gave them a smile, \"Well, I know a story, well, actually it's more of a legend.\" \"Oh, do tell!\" Diva pleaded. Their two brothers gave each other a blank stare, Buffy thought, \" What's up with her lately? Hehe, Now I have something against her. \" He slightly glanced at Diva. \"Alrighty then, better find some place to sit.\" Damian said. As the pups prepared to listen, he continued, \"Ehem, many years ago, the world was not like it used too. Creatures from every corner of the world had one thing, and one thing to do in their lives, survive. Back then, it was kill or be killed.\" \"Sounds scary,\" Diva remarked. \"Shhh…listen\" Jessie whispered. \"These creatures have adapted to every environment they are in, each with its own weapon or tricks just to survive. The past was haunted by these creatures, But one day, the moon goddess, Kira, saw nothing but suffering and pain, the creatures we're only thinking of themselves. She was so sad, she cried a lot. Her tears dropped from her face, and touched the earth. As it dropped, it formed a unique shape, the shape of a creature unlike anything in the world. The goddess went down from the heavens, and touched the tear that dropped, and said, \" From the earth, you shall rise. My guardians, you, who will keep order and maintain peace. You shall only kill what you need. You will be my voice in the night, the tamer of lost souls, Go forth, to the world!\" As the words were spoken, creatures rose from the ground. With pointy ears and nose, eyes as cold as ice, with fur so thick, it could probably withstand damage from anything. As these creatures rose, they faced the goddess, and gave her a bow, one of them spoke, \"What is thy bidding my master?\" Kira stood high and said, \"You will be my voices, my wolves , you will restore the balance to the world, Now, go forth and do your mission.\" At that moment, each of them faced the moon and gave a huge howl, they did what they were asked, some say they were also considered as the guardians of the forest, for that matter.\" \"Then what?\" Buffy asked. \"Hmm, where was I? Oh right.\" Damian continued, \"There was peace among the creatures now, these wolves formed packs, each with individual strength capable of scaring anything. But one faithful night, a single wolf got separated from his pack, as a strong blizzard approaches, he was left alone. This lone wolf-\" \"Lone Wolf, what kinda wolf is that?\" Cody interrupted. \"Oh, that's what they call wolves who venture a place without other wolves, you know? Flying solo.\" Damian answered. \"Ohhhh, I get it now.\" Cody replied. Damian continued, \"As I was saying, this wolf went far and wide. Going through different places, he felt a chill within his spine. He was about to get knocked out of the cold, until he saw a light. He ran towards it, discovering a tent along the way, which looks more like a home. There was a fire, so warm, the wolf got drawn from it, plus the smell of cooked meat. As he approaches, out of nowhere, a creature jumped forth and blocked him off. This creature was different than the others the wolf has seen. It was standing upright and held some kind of pointy object at the wolf. By instinct, the wolf went on a defensive stance, waiting for the next move. In the end, the creature lowered the object, he saw no need for it, he saw something in the eyes of the wolf, fear. The wolf in turn was still in his stance, but his legs were shaking cold. He was about to drop dead, when this creature carried him unto his home. That creature, was a man, who goes by the name of Alo, he was known as the famous wolf tamer in this legend. The first man to ever encounter a wolf, alive. Alo took care of him for a while, fed him and gave him a home. As the wolf began to feel better, he find he couldn't leave Alo, he swore with his life to pay this debt, and became Alo's companion. He was given a name, something to keep him in touch with his friend, and that name, was GUANYO , the first wolf, who became man's best friend, the first dog in the world. Alo and Guanyo travelled together, it wasn't long until the wolves notice this. Very soon, Alo showed the way of taming wolves to others, they were able to harness the wolves ability to hunt, attack and many more abilities to their advantage. Hold on a sec.\" \"Wait, what?\" Buffy asked. Damian began scratching his neck, \"Ohhhh, that feels good. Now back at it.\" \"This sight didn't make the wolf leaders happy. An incident occurred when a wolf attacked his own kind, it was during a hunt, one of Alo's companion used a wolf to kill another wolf. This caused anger among the wolves, of course, it's understandable to kill another creature to survive, but to kill your own kind, your brother of some sort, that was unacceptable. One night, the wolf pack gathered deep within the mountains. They asked for Kira, the moon goddess, for help. They wish for her to vanquish Guanyo and the rest of the wolves who were corrupted by humans, which caused them to abandon their missions. The only problem is, Kira loved all of her wolves, from both sides. She didn't want what's happening but at the same time, she doesn't want a war to emerge between both parties. A lunar eclipse suddenly showed up in the sky, and Kira made her move. Every wolf that remained with the packs where to continue being wolves. But those who chose to be with humans, Kira used the power of the moon, as the red light shines towards the Earth, she nullified these wolves previous instincts, taking away their ability to hunt in packs. For short, they became dogs. For her final move, she deemed the wolves accomplishment of their mission, so she erased every wolf's memory, including Guanyo's side so no one will remember. In time, the wolves still retain their previous features and wolfiness, only this time, there was no mission. Guanyo and the other wolves became man's best friend, they mostly have no memory that they were once wolves, due to Kira's magic. Over the years, these wolves began changing appearances, each of them beginning to look less of a wolf. Thus, the dogs came into the world and into the arms of man.\" The pups gazed with awe, utterly speechless after listening, \"That was cool!\" Cody said. \"Well, the legend also says that when a dog encounters a wolf, it would release the bond which concealed all their wolf instincts and qualities. In other words, a dog will regain his wolf characteristics, if he ever came across a wolf. But I don't know if it's true, I mean, it's a legend after all.\" Damian followed. Then, \" Paging Jamie Burnford, Dr. Morrison will see you now.\" \"Oops, that's us, we have to go.\" Jessie said. \"Thanks for the story, dude. It rocks.\" Buffy claimed. \"No problem.\" Damian. \"Come on guys, we're up.\" Jamie called the pups with Chance and Delilah on his side. The pups approached them and they went to see the doctor. A few minutes later, every pup was vaccinated, surprisingly Buffy didn't cry this time, he flinched, but still, he acted cool today. Buffy muttered, \"I ain't scared, I got wolf blood in me.\" Then he faced Jessie, \"I told you it'll be different.\" Jessie simply rolled her eyes and said, \"Oh brother.\" A few moments later, Bob arrived, with a handful of cheeseburgers in a bag. \"Hey Jamie, thanks for staying with the pups, here you go.\" Bob said as he handed the burgers to Jamie. \"Thanks dad.\" Jamie replied, he removed the cover on one and faced Chance, \"Here you go boy.\" \"Ohhh, cheeseburger, thank God I'm with Jamie.\" Delilah faced the pups and asked, \"So how was it kids, did you make any new friends?\" \"We all did mama. We met a husky, his name was Damian.\" Cody answered. \"Diva's new boyfriend,\" Buffy followed, causing the others to chuckle. Diva blushed a little and faced Buffy, \"He's not my boyfriend!\" Delilah giggled, she thought, \" My, they really are growing up so fast. \" \"Ready to go home guys?\" Bob asked. The dogs simply barked, Jamie just nodded. Bob smirked, \"Come on then.\" Whew, this was one long chapter, I hope this compensates for the long time I hadn't been able to update. FYI, I have a husky pup who I named Damian :), this Chapter was written from him, Also I needed a way to introduce new characters in the story, I hope you all liked it. As always, you can leave a review, I do attend to them. Stay tuned for Chapter 6 :D.[Chapter 7] Chapter 6: The First Sight of Snow Ok guys, this is it, the one and only Chapter 6! :). As you have already read the previous chapter, wolves have been introduced to this story. Things are going better than planned for me, thank you for your continued support and reading. Enjoy the Chapter, leave a review, PM me for ideas, it doesn't matter. READ ON! It was the first week of November at the Burnford's residence, Chance, Shadow, Sassy, Delilah and the pups are beginning to grow restless. There was no activity anyone could think of doing, even the pups are running out empty. Almost half a day has passed, they were just watching television, while the girls, Sassy and Delilah are with Hope and her mom, in the kitchen. \"I'm bored,\" Cody muttered. \"I thought you said you were tired?\" Jessie asked. \"Yeah, I'm tired of getting bored .\" He replied. \"Hey kids,\" Chance interfered, \"Here's an idea, why don't you go outside for some fresh air? You know? Play tag or something. Just to kill time.\" The pups stared at each other for a minute, there was a moment of silence, then, \"Hmm, I don't know, it's not like-,\" Buffy paused, \"TAG!, you're it!,\" as he tagged Diva. \"Hey!, you said you didn't-\" she was cut off by her siblings, \"Diva's it! Diva's it!\" as they dashed away from her. \"Grrr…you better hope I don't catch any of you, I'll rough you all up.\" Diva said as she chased her siblings. Chance and Shadow shared a laugh, \"Kids, they're growing up so fast,\" Shadow said. \"Yup, that's why I just let them be pups for a while, it won't be long until they're full grown up.\" Chance said, then suddenly his face was filled with sadness. \"Chance, what's wrong?\" Shadow asked in a concerned tone. \"You look troubled.\" \"Nah, it's just hard you know, watching them grow up, knowing they will be leaving in time. I don't know, I just wish they would grow slower, just so we can be a family for a longer time.\" Chance answered. \"Well Chance, if there is one thing in life you can't go against, that is time. Look at me, I'm not getting any younger.\" Shadow remarked with a chuckle. \"Yeah old timer, How do you stay cool all the time?\" Chance wondered. \"To tell you the truth, I just don't think about time as a bad thing, I love your pups as if they were my own, they're the closest thing I have to an offspring, All I just think of is what I should do to make them happy. We don't stay in this world forever you know?\" Shadow said. \"What are you saying?\" Chance asked. \"I'm saying that time is precious, don't think about them leaving you, just think about all the things you can do while they're here, treat every day like it'll be your last, then you will see what I mean.\" Shadow replied. \" Heh, what do you know? Seems like gramps still got a lot of wisdom in him, after all these years? \" Chance thought, then he answered, \"Thanks old timer.\" \"Anytime, pup.\" Shadow answered back. Suddenly they heard two familiar giggles. \"Sassy?\" Shadow said, \"Delilah?\" Chance followed, both surprised. \"How long have you been standing there?\" Chance asked the two giggling girls. \"Long enough.\" Sassy replied. \"Looks like we're not the only females around here Chance.\" Delilah said, causing Sassy to chuckle. \"Aw, man, now they've seen my emotional side.\" Chance moaned. \"It's kinda nice actually, never thought I'd see that side of yours.\" Sassy remarked. \"Wish I could say the same for me.\" Delilah said. The four friends ended up laughing their way. Meanwhile, in the backyard, four adorable pups ended up pouncing on each other, instead of tagging. Well, at least they're still tagging a bit. An hour has passed since noon, yet the sun didn't shine as bright as the past few days. What could be the reason? \"Hah, you're it!\" Diva exclaimed as she pounced on Buffy, rendering him motionless. Jessie was laughing, \"Look who just got beat up by a girl.\" She said. \"Ha Ha, very funny Jess. This ain't the first time Diva has tagged me.\" Buffy said as he was being let go by his sister. Jessie smirked, \"Yeah, you're right, that's the fourth time in my count.\" \"Why you-,\" Buffy prepared to charge. \"Run guys!\" Jessie screamed as they split up trying to get away from they're brother. They chased each other, everyone not breaking speed as they're brother gets nearer. Buffy was reeling in for some payback, so he chased Jessie instead. \"Oh Jessie, I'm going to get you.\" Buffy said in a mocking tone. \"Not in this lifetime, big brother.\" Jessie taunted. They continued the chase, but it was closing to an end. \"Trust me, you don't have the speed to cat-\" Jessie suddenly tripped, moaning as she tried to get up. \"Well, what do we have here?\" Buffy mocked. He placed his paw slowly at his sister's back, \"You're it,\" and then dashed off. \"Lucky, pfff.\" Jessie got up and faced the object that tripped her, it was a small rock. \"Stupid rock, look what happened!\" she said as she dashed towards the others to continue the game. When she reached the backyard, she saw her three siblings staring at the sky. \"What gives, you guys don't wanna play anymore?\" Jessie asked with an irritated tone. They still didn't mind what she was saying, getting her more irritated than usual, \"What!? You're giving me the silent treatment just because of this game?\" She snapped. \"Huh?\" Cody suddenly faced her. \"No Jess, look.\" He motioned upward. \"What is it you're looking at?\" Jessie asked curiously, then the answer to her question slowly showed up right before her eyes. \"Oh,\" she whispered. The four pups were looking up in the sky, as they saw white flakes falling from above, not knowing what it is. Their eyes wondered with awe, their curiosity beginning to get the best of them. Not one of them have seen such an amazing feature from nature, considering the fact that they we're still young and was born just recently. \"Wow.\" Diva said slowly with awe. \"What's this? I've never seen anything like it.\" Cody added. \"It's like corn flakes falling from above, only they're white.\" Buffy said. \"Hmm, I wonder.\" Buffy brought out his tongue and tried to catch one, then, \"Blah! It's cold, like really cold.\" \"You don't say, I wonder what they are.\" Jessie muttered. \"I think we can answer that.\" A voice from behind said. The four pups faced towards the direction of the voice and saw none other than their parents along with Shadow and Sassy. \"I never thought I'd see this stuff again.\" Chance said. \"Well, nature couldn't create a better timing for us. This is actually the first time I witness this too.\" Delilah added. \"I've seen this before, or rather heard it on stories. Humans call it \"snow\" .\" Sassy said. \"Well, usually this happens when it gets too cold up in the sky, it freezes the water before it goes back down, so instead of rain, we get this.\" Sassy explained. \"Wow, usually Shadow is the one who does the explaining.\" Chance said. \"How did you know Sass?\" Delilah asked. \"Easy, that's why they call me a Himalayan cat, I've seen things like this most of the time when I was a kitten, until Hope got me.\" Sassy replied. A single flake dropped on Chance's nose, \"Hachoo! Man, these things are bad for your nose.\" \"Ok, it's called snow, that's one thing. But, why are they here? Papa?\" Jessie eagerly asked. \"Well cowgirl, it's a sign.\" Chance replied. \"What for?\" Jessie followed up. \"Winter, it's here.\" Chance said. As the pets stared at the sky with awe, Bob and the family saw the flakes fall as well and followed their pets' gaze. Peter, Hope and Jamie, looked up with smiles on their faces, filled with the most exuberant of joy. \"Whoa!\" Peter broke the silence. \"I don't believe it\" Hope exclaimed. \"It's finally here.\" Laura answered. \"Winter!\" Jamie shouted with joy. Well, that's the end of the chapter. I'm sorry if this seems shorter than the previous chapter, it's not that I'm running out of ideas, this one serves as an introduction to one of the most exiting parts of the story. If I somehow disappointed anyone of you, I deeply apologize. I really do hope anyone would like this story, it's been in my head for over a year now, I just found the time to write and type it. It would be nice for a review or feedback to show up sometime. It's not like I'm demanding anything from you guys, I just wanna know what you think about it, and if I should continue on. I want to improve too, I know I'm not one of the best, yet. But hopefully with your feedbacks on me, I know what to remove and keep for myself, as well as what to improve. Well, for the next chapter, guess you'll just have to wait and see ;).[Chapter 8] Hey Guys, I'm back. Took me long enough to finish this one, had to add some details. Anyways, to address my reviewer(s): Melee Master 1: Thank you for your awesome reviews and support. At first I was getting down because I thought I had fewer supporters behind me, but then I realized something. As my mom used to say, \"The journey of a thousand miles, begins with a single step.\" That made me proud that at least one was behind my back, hopefully there will be more. :) This has got to be one of the most fully-detailed chapters that I have released, who knows about the rest right? LOL. So without any more delays, here is Chapter 7. Chapter 7: The Untold Story It's seven in the morning, the fifteenth day of December, at the Burnford's residence. Unlike other kids, who would prefer the warm place inside their homes, the Burnfords would like to stray away from that tradition. The place is quite different from before, you couldn't see grasses, all the eyes could see where thick blankets of snow covering the entire neighborhood and the city. Peter, Hope and Jamie had their winter gear ready, while their parents are still stomped in bed. \"Hey Pete, they're still sleeping.\" Jamie whispered to his older brother. \"Stop telling me things I already know.\" Peter replied with a low tone. \"How are we supposed to go then?\" Jamie asked. \"Well its obvious isn't it? We have to wake them up.\" Hope said. \"I think that would be rude.\" Peter said. \"Well, do you guys wanna have fun? or would you rather stay here inside?\" she asked sternly. \"Well, they did promise to spend more time with us during the holidays.\" Jamie clarified. Peter groaned, and finally agreed, \"OK, what do you suggest we do, Hope?\" She gave them a devilish grin and said, \"I've got an idea.\" The three siblings gathered around, as if they were in a meeting, discussing what course of action should be taken on this delicate matter ( Yeah Right! ). Inside the bedroom, Laura and Bob still laid quiet. Everything was like Yin and Yang for the old couple. Slowly, movement from them began to arouse. Tilting his head, \"Good Morning honey,\" was the first thing that came out of his mouth, as he faced his wife. Laure smiled, with her eyes still closed and replied, \"Good morning.\" They still didn't get out of the bed, for some reason, they look stressed out, Laura asked, \"Aren't we forgetting something?\" Bob thought long and hard, \"Not that I know of.\" \"Are you sure?\" she asked again, Bob simply replied with a nod. Then the silence was broken. Bob was about to answer, then; \"Dad! Come on!\" their three kids came swooping down the bed where he and his wife laid. They jumped up and down, urging their parents to go up. \"Come on Dad! the weekends have come.\" Hope said. \"Kids, I'm tired. Maybe some other time.\" Bob replied. \"But Dad!, you promised.\" Jamie exclaimed. \"Yeah Dad, you said something about always being fair .\" Peter added. Bob with a sleepy look on his face glanced on his wife, he saw her smiling as well. Then his eyes went back to the kids, who were now giving frowns at him. He felt guilty and he knows this is one argument he can't escape, he simply said, \"Oh, alright.\" After that the kids' frown vanished and turned into loud noises of happiness and cheering. \"Ok, ok, now step outside, I'm gonna hit the shower before we leave.\" Bob said. \"Ok, come on guys, let's wait.\" Peter said. As the kids left, Jamie stopped for a moment and faced his Dad, \"Dad, can we take the animals with us?\" \"Um?\" was Bob all could say. \"We will take them with us, right?\" Jamie rephrased his question. \"Sure, that'll be alright with me.\" Bob said with a smile. \"Thanks Dad.\" Jamie said as he stormed out of the room. The couple got out of bed and started preparing themselves for the weekend activity. As they were fixing the bed, Bob faced Laura and said, \"Something tells me you knew this would happen.\" Laura grinned, \"Now how would you know that?\" she smirked. \"I don't know, just a feeling actually.\" Bob said, causing Laura to chuckle. \"You better hit the showers, kids won't be so happy if we left late you know.\" Laura remarked. \"Well, I was thinking.\" Bob approached his wife, \"Maybe, we could go in together, you know, to save water, share each other body heat.\" He kissed her afterwards. \"You naughty man, if you insist.\" Laura replied as she entered the bathroom. \"You coming big daddy?\" she asked flirtingly. \"Oh, you know I'm coming.\" Bob said as he followed her. Laughter was heard after they closed the bathroom door. (Ok, I wouldn't go into the details of what they are doing INSIDE, I leave it to you guys.) In the living room, the kids along with their pets are waiting for the couple to get finished so they can leave. The kids were sitting in the couch, watching television. The pets, on the other hand, didn't know what's going on, all they can deduce was that they were going to leave, due to their owners wearing a different king of attire, which is not commonly used inside the house. \"What's going on Papa?\" Buffy asked Chance. \"I don't know, to be honest. Shadow?\" Chance faced the old one. \"I wish I knew, pup. We all have the same faces.\" Shadow replied. \"Well whatever it is, I'm glad we're included in it. Jamie seems excited.\" Delilah said. \"Well, from the looks of it, this is gonna be one hell of a day.\" Sassy said. \"How would you know Aunt Sassy?\" Diva asked with her sweet voice. \"I don't know, just a feeling, call it a cat thing if you will.\" Sassy replied. \"Usually when you say that, something awful happens to me.\" Chance muttered softly. \"What was that?\" Sassy faced Chance. \"Nothing, just ready to go, that's all. I can't wait to be outside.\" Chance said happily. \"Oh brother.\" Sassy rolled her eyes. So they waited for a while, knowing the couple, the kids knew it would take at least half an hour for them to be prepared. They got stuck in the living room for a little while, along with the animals. The day was good for them, finally their parents showed up ready. \"Alright, who's going for shotgun?\" Bob asked. \"I do!\" all three kids screamed at the same time. They suddenly rushed towards the door, \"Come on Chance!\" Jamie yelled, as they exited, the rest of the animals followed after Chance and as usual, Laura and Bob were the last to exit the house, to lock the doors. \"They sure are very excited for this day.\" Laura commented. \"I wouldn't use the word excited , more like forceful, on our part.\" Bob said. Laura gave a soft-hearted chuckle and said, \"Come on, it won't be as bad as last year.\" \"Don't remind me.\" Bob said with a smile. This comment earned a chuckle from his wife. As Bob entered the car, everyone was preparing to strap in, \"Ok, so this is one of those weekends guys, hopefully this would be fun, it's gonna be a stressful week for me for a couple days.\" \"Why dad? Are you gonna get fired?\" Jamie asked. Bob gave him a confused look and laughed, \"No son, nothing like that. Just a lot of work in the office that's all.\" \"Ok guys, enough of the talk, aren't we supposed to be going?\" Laura asked. \"Oh, right, strap up kids, it's gonna be a little bumpy down there .\" Bob said. So the family went on to their weekend trip. Everyone excited, they couldn't keep quiet. The kids talked at each other along with their parents just to kill the boredom. They were driving for about thirty minutes by now, from which Shadow finally broke the silence among the animals. \"So kids, Want to hear a story?\" Shadow asked. \"What's it about Uncle Shadow?\" Jessie asked. \"Actually, I don't know which one to tell, what do you guys want?\" Shadow asked. \"How about the journey over the mountains?\" Delilah said. \"Now, that's one long story.\" Sassy remarked. \"Really? You want that one? Didn't Chance tell you about it?\" Shadow asked her reluctantly. \"Not everything, just something about one of the most exciting parts of his life.\" She said as she glanced over Chance. \"Well, I haven't told her entirely, she rarely asks about the things that happened before we met her.\" Chance said. \"Well, that shouldn't be a bother. Is that what you want kiddo?\" Shadow faced Jessie. \"Sure, it's alright, I haven't even heard of it.\" Jessie remarked. \"Yeah, me too, do tell!\" Diva pleaded. Shadow laughed, \"Very well then, gather around.\" Everyone, including Delilah with Chance by her side and Sassy among the pups. \"Man, it's like going back to the past, I remember it like it was the back of my paw. Well, it all started with a wedding. Bob and Laura just got married. During that time, Chance was a little bit shy back then, he came into the family way after Peter and Hope got me and Sassy. That was one of the best days of my life. One day, we all travelled into a different place, far away from our home, past the mountains. Me, Sassy and Chance were left there by Peter and his family. I still don't understand why that happened. Anyways-\" Shadow was interrupted. \"Wait a minute, you were left behind? So they weren't always good people?\" \"Technically, it's a yes and no, nobody's perfect kids, everyone has their faults, sure we were left, but for some reason I held to the belief that Peter will eventually return to us. Where was I, oh right. We've been there far longer than we thought. We counted days and nights, waiting for the moment that our humans would take us out of that place. It wasn't that bad of a place from the beginning, but without Peter, my world just isn't complete, the same goes for Chance and Sassy. One faithful day, our watcher left us, alone. (The pups gasped and were surprised) . With nowhere to go inside, I finally made my decision, I was going home . With that, I took off towards the gate, and jump as high as I could, just to escape and be back at the arms of my boy.\" \"Heh, and they say I was always the one getting us in trouble.\" Chance muttered. \"Shhh, quiet down Chance, I'm listening, you never told me this story you know.\" Delilah said. \"That's because you rarely asked about it.\" Chance replied. \"Will you two lovebirds save it for later?\" Sassy asked with an irritated tone. \"Sorry.\" Both of them replied. Then Shadow continued the story, \"So we travelled through the forests, eventually we ended up on top of one of the mountains. We finally realized how lost we were. Night fell, we ended up sleeping in the forest floor. It was kinda spooky and scary during that time, owls, snakes, even moose tend to scare us.\" \"What's a moose?\" Buffy interrupted. \"It's an animal with big hooves, large horns by the side of its ears and a very bad temper. (Earning a big, \"Oh\" from Buffy) . When daylight sprung, we moved out. We had to stop by for breakfast first though. We tried to have a decent meal, but Chance wouldn't let us. Every time he hunted the animal always gets away. But-\" \"Hold on, I remember that part, Chance told me you were the one who were always letting the food get away.\" Delilah uttered. \"Oh, did he now, what else have you told her, pup?\" Shadow smirked. \"Yeah, Chance , what else have you been changing ?\" Delilah asked. Chance laughed nervously, \"Not that much Delilah, just the boring ones, you know? To make things interesting.\" Then he gave her a dog smile. \"I'll have a word with you later,\" then she faced Shadow, \"Please continue Shadow.\" \"Very well, (ahem) So we were hungry, we mostly depended on your Aunt Sassy fish catching skills just to get a decent meal. It had to come to an end though, we were chased out by bears. We ended up crossing a river, when everything went wrong.\" Shadow paused once more. \"What happened?\" Cody asked, but instead of Shadow, Sassy replied, \"Well, I fell off the river.\" (Gasp!) \"Whoa! that's terrifying Aunt Sassy, but seeing as you are here, how did you survive?\" Buffy asked. \"Well, like most animals, I was lucky, I was washed up by the river after falling from the falls, I was half-dead, would have been, If not for another human. He found me, and he nursed me back to health.\" Sassy said. \"Cool, cats really do have nine lives after all.\" Cody said. \"Heh, sometimes that statement becomes a cliché. Anyways, I was resting by his house, until I heard barks from the distance, then I knew, Shadow and Chance were near. So I sprung up and sprinted towards the sounds, that's when I was reunited with my boys.\" Sassy finished. Shadow cleared his throat, \"Now you know that part kids, by the way Sassy, I never told you this because Chance might use it against you.\" \"What do you mean?\" Sassy asked. \"We were chased down by a big cat and we threw him out of the water, how did it go again?\" Chance paused, \"Oh Yeah! Dogs Rule and Cats Drool .\" (Chance laughs) Sassy gave an irritated snarl making Shadow chuckle, \"Alright you two, knock it out. So after we got reunited, we headed out into another part of the forest, we were about to call the night, until I saw a girl, a lost girl, I don't know what she was saying but I felt her sadness. So we took her in and guarded her for the night, until she felt a little better. ( The pups gave a soft, \"Awww.\" ) While she was asleep, I heard voices, so I followed them, which lead me straight to her parents, they were reunited, I felt so happy for them. But not all good things were meant to last as everyone expects them to.\" \"What do you mean Uncle Shadow, what won't last?\" Cody asked confusingly. Shadow faced him and said, \"Well, after we were found, we expected to be back home already, but we weren't. Instead of home, we ended up in the bad place. They even took Chance away from us.\" \"What's the bad place ?\" Jessie asked. \"You don't need to know Jess, after all, I've been there once, and I prefer that I never had to talk about that horrible place again.\" Chance answered. \"Okay Papa, if that's what you think.\" Jessie said. \"Anyways, it was horrible in there, good thing Sassy managed to escape first, she sprung me free and together we got Chance out of that place, then we went on to continue this one incredible journey of our lives. It took us another day, but it was worth it after all, we finally saw the way home and followed are own paw prints back to our families. But it seems trouble just always manage to find us. As we passed the train station, I fell on a muddy pit and ended up injuring my good leg. I couldn't get out, I lost all hope of seeing my boy Peter, forever. I just urged Chance and Sassy to go on without me, that they should just leave me, because people like those are very hard to come by. They tried to help me out, but it just won't budge. So in the end, they left, Chance was sad, he knew that I was right, but at the same time he still couldn't accept that I was going out of this world in that manner.\" \"So, how did you manage to get out?\" Diva asked. \"Yeah Shadow, even Chance and I never get to that part how you did it.\" Sassy followed up. Shadow said, \"Well, I really don't know too, I just lied down there, waiting for the time to come, but it never did.\" ~Flashback~ Shadow was just lying down the muddy pit, with his injured leg lying still with him. He kept wondering how did it all end up this way. He never thought he was going to die in such a way, he always imagined dying by his boy's arms, would live for a couple more years, beating Chance in a couple of contests, just to prove he still got it. He thought, \"Well, I wouldn't regret having chosen Peter as my boy, I could've been with others, but I still chose him. My life isn't that bad.\" He suddenly shook that thought off, \"Well, it doesn't matter what I think, It won't change the fact that I'm going to die in this hole.\" Shadow was filled with sadness, and just drifted into sleep, hoping that when he wakes up, he would be in a different place by that time. It took at least a couple of hours, then suddenly, Shadow woke up and just as he expected, he wasn't in the hole he fell on, he was in a place with lush green grass, it was like an open field, a huge playground for dogs and other pets alike, by his sides, he could see other dogs and other types of animals scouring the area having fun. One pup yelled at him, \"Hey mister!\" The pup was a spitting image of him, only smaller and full of energy \" Well hello there, little one.\" Shadow answered. \" Whatcha doing here? How'd ya get here?\" the pup asked. \" I don't know, I just got here, what's your name?\" Shadow asked. \" Uhm, I don't know, Can't remember, How 'bout you?\" The pup answered and asked at the same time. \" Oh, pardon me, My name is-\" Shadow suddenly paused. \" Is what?\" \" Its…it's…..I don't know, I don't remember.\" Shadow replied. \" Well don't feel bad, everyone I've met here either doesn't have one, or don't remember.\" The unnamed pup replied. \" Everyone?\" Shadow wondered. \" Yup, so Mister, Wanna play with me?\" The pup happily asked. \" Well, I wouldn't be doing much now, do I?\" Shadow smirked. \" Cool, let's play tag!\" the pup hit him with his paw lightly and yelled, \"You're it!\" \" You better be fast, pup.\" Shadow exclaimed, as he chased down the pup. They played for a long time, Shadow, or rather the bigger dog (based on the pup's point of view, since he doesn't know the name either) . They enjoyed each other's company, Shadow felt young again, no back pains or anything that a dog of his age should be suffering. He chased the pup, but then suddenly stopped as he heard a voice. \" Shadow! Come here boy!\" that was what Shadow heard, only he can't see the source of the voice. \" Do you hear that kid?\" he turned towards the pup. \" Hear what?\" The pup asked confusingly. \" That voice, it just sounds…so familiar.\" Shadow muttered. \" Well, I don't know, I can't hear anything.\" The pup answered. Then it began again, \"Shadow!, Come on boy!, it's time for us to go home!\" \" There, didn't you hear it?\" Shadow asked. \" I did, somehow, but who is this Shadow ?\" The pup asked. \" I don't know either, but something within me keeps on telling me to go to that voice. \" Can I come along?\" The pup reluctantly asked. \" Well, it looks far. You sure you can keep up?\" Shadow teased. \" Don't make me, old timer.\" The pup replied. \" Well then, we should go.\" Shadow moved out and the pup followed him. They kept on running, the voice, grew louder and louder, as if they are getting nearer to the source. Shadow suddenly began seeing images within his head. A cat, a dog and a group of people, with another animal in the picture, but the animal was blurry, he couldn't make out the image. \" Shadow! Where are you boy? Come on!, it's getting late!\" The voice once said again. Shadow suddenly began slowing down, \"Shadow?\" he was beginning to feel shaky, all of a sudden. He suddenly had a memory flash before his eyes, in it, an old retriever. He was with a boy, playing Frisbee. As the dog caught it, he returned back to his owner and handed back the Frisbee. \" Good boy, Shadow. You're my good boy.\" The boy said as he hugged the old dog tight. \" I'd catch it even if it reaches the heavens, Peter.\" The dog said, then suddenly Shadow was back at his former state, he was trotting, then it hit him, \"Wait, that's my name! I'm Shadow!\" \" Wait, you telling me you know that voice?\" The Pup asked curiously. \" Of course I do!, that's my boy Peter!\" Shadow yelled happily, speeding his way through. \"I'm coming Peter!, just wait.\" \" Hey Mister, or Shadow, whatever. Wait up!\" The pup tried to catch up. \" Shadow!? Is that you boy?\" the voice was louder this time. Shadow simply responded with a bark, with his little companion by his side. \" I'm here boy!\" the voice said. Shadow bolted and began to see the faint figure of a boy. \" I'm coming Peter, as he tried to run, he suddenly skidded to a stop, as he saw a crevice, which would have led to his fall, if he hadn't slowed down. He ran towards the pup and picked him up, he tossed him towards his back, \"Hang tight pup, this might get a bit rough.\" Shadow said, as the small pup clamped on his neck. He made some space, as he prepared to charge and jump. \" This is crazy!\" The Pup screamed. \" Hang on!\" Shadow then bolted and charged, then made one leap of faith. Thankfully he was able to reach the other end, without causing harm on both of them. He then continued running, he was close to Peter. \" Shadow!\" Peter screamed happily. \" Oh Peter!\" Shadow barked and charged towards the boy he loved, he nuzzled him and Peter returned the gesture with a hug. \"Good boy, Shadow. Good boy.\" \" Oh Peter, I found you.\" Shadow muttered, he felt Peter's tears touch his fur. \" So you finally found him.\" The pup exclaimed. \" Well, I'd like you to meet him.\" Shadow said. The pup simply smirked, \"I already met him.\" \" What do you mean?\" Shadow was confused. \" Don't you see Shadow? Look closer.\" The pup said. Shadow didn't understand at first, but then he realized it, the pup's close resemblance to him, the eagerness, fun-loving, energetic dog he was. It all made sense to him, \"You're me!\" \" It took you long enough, for the smartest one, I expected you to notice a bit sooner.\" The younger version of Shadow laughed. \" But why are you in my younger form? Why didn't you tell me?\" Shadow asked. \" Well….it wasn't up to me.\" Young Shadow then faced up at Peter. Then suddenly, the once young pup turned into sparkling dust and encircled Shadow, putting him on a trance whilst hearing the words, \"I am you, don't forget.\" Peter came upon him, \"You've come a long way boy, now I need you to do something for me.\" Peter said. For some reason, Shadow understood what Peter had said. \"I'd do anything Peter.\" \" Lie down.\" Peter ordered, in which Shadow suddenly obliged. \" Good boy, now close your eyes.\" Shadow closed his eyes, \"Now sleep boy,\" suddenly Shadow felt tired and slept. Through the course of time, Shadow was lying, then he heard Peter say, \"Wake up.\" Shadow suddenly woke up, realizing he is back by the train station, only something was different, he wasn't alone. In front of him, was another dog, a Rottweiler, just staring at him. \" Hey man, you alright, looks like you could use another paw.\" The dog said. Shadow groaned a little, he observed the surroundings and suddenly noticed he was no longer in the hole where he fell, he got out! \" How did I get here? I remember falling in there.\" Shadow told the Rottweiler as he gestured towards the hole. \" You don't remember?\" The rott. asked. \" What do you mean?\" Shadow replied confusingly. \"And who are you?\" \" Oh, how rude of me, My name is Billy.\" The rott. replied. \" Hello Billy, now could you tell me…..what happened?\" Shadow asked once more. \" I don't know, I was just passing by, until I heard a sound from that hole,\" he pointed \"Then suddenly I heard someone screaming I'm coming Peter!, just wait, I won't leave you! Suddenly you just jumped from that hole, looks like you sprinted a little though. Anyways, it was amazing! I've never seen a dog jump that high. Then suddenly you passed out, I just watched over ya, just in case you would be needin' help.\" Shadow suddenly remembered, his dream, all of it. In that world, he leapt from a crevice just to be back in Peter's arms, he thought, \"Could it be? I found my way out, through the dream?\" \" Hey man, whatcha thinking?\" Bill asked. Shadow then remembered the last words his younger self told him, \"Don't forget…..\" \" A promise, something I would do anything just to achieve.\" Shadow replied. \"I gotta be somewhere, thanks Billy. \" No Problem, Mr.-\" Billy paused. \" Shadow.\" He finished. Then Shadow bolted towards the direction of the Burnford's home, \"I'm coming home Peter, I'll never give up.\" ~End of Flashback~ \"And that's pretty much it, next thing I know, I was back with Peter, like you guys were with Jamie and Hope.\" Shadow finished. \"My…that's something alright.\" Sassy said. \"Wait….so let me get this straight, you got out through that hole because of a dream, and within that dream, you found the younger you and ended up meeting Peter?\" Chance said. \"Pretty much.\" Shadow replied. Then the car stopped, \"We're here.\" Bob exclaimed, causing the kids to cheer. \"Come on kids, get your stuff out.\" Laura said. \"Sure thing mom.\" Peter replied. \"Looks like this is our final stop, come on kids.\" Delilah said and the pups followed her. All of them followed, except Jessie, she went to her Uncle Shadow and said, \"Awesome story Uncle Shadow, thanks for telling us.\" \"Anytime kiddo.\" Shadow said, then Jessie followed her mother. Shadow, Sassy and Chance exited the vehicle together. \"Way to go, Shadow.\" Chance said. \"For what?\" Shadow asked. \"For not giving up.\" Chance simply replied. Well, that's certainly a long one ain't it? Well I was always wondering how Shadow got out of that hole, I read one here in fanfiction, although I wasn't much convinced on that, I figured I should add something a bit more supernatural and spiritual , you know? Something different about how he could have made it out. I've thought about this for a very long time, hope you guys like it, if not, well it's ok. As always, don't forget to leave a review on this Chapter, I wanna know how it went for you guys. If you wanna get updated on future Chapters, you could always add me in Favorites or Follow me, your choice, Hope you like it!.[Chapter 9] Hey Guys, first of all, I would like to say, WHAT A BLAST! Chapter 7 was a great success, I already dubbed it as the breakout chapter of this story, among all the chapters I have released, \"The Untold Story\" became the cornerstone of this story to gain views and a well-deserved audience :'). I'm just so happy guys! I can't believe my eyes when I saw the stats. I also made a change on the story's cover image, I finally learned how Photoshop worked, hoping you guys like the new cover. Now to address my reviewers; Melee Master1: I'm glad you liked it, :D you were my first real fan and supporter, I'll be sure never to disappoint. Yeah, we think alike, wondering how Shadow got out. Faith Ball: I'm happy to see a new face around my stories, I'm happy to know that you enjoyed reading my story, as I enjoyed writing it. magic135: Cool!, first time I've heard from you. I'm glad you liked them, the flashback from the previous films is one of my favorites too, sadly, chapter 7 will be the last link to the movies. Well, it's not the end, now the focus is on my story. Thanks for reading :D. Now that that's done, I wouldn't want to keep you guys waiting, so here it is! The one and only Chapter 8. Chapter 8: Snowballs Shadow and Chance followed Delilah and Sassy, those of who, were now following the Burnford kids. Bob figured, spending time in the winter park would calm his children's exciting nerves before it eats them up completely. The first thing to do was of course; \"Snow Angel!\" Hope said with exuberant joy as she lied down in the snow and started moving her arms and legs, forming a cute little snow angel. \"Nice one Hope!\" Jamie exclaimed as Hope stood up to adore the little snow angel she made. \"Yup, you can say that again.\" She replied. Peter came up with them, along with the animals, \"There you are guys, I've been looking all over for you.\" \"Well you were slow, so we headed out first.\" Jamie said. \"Well it's not my fault if you can't control that energy of yours.\" Peter retorted. \"Well, that's certainly is true.\" Chance muttered. A few moments later, the kids went on towards the diner, to catch a quick snack. Their parents were already there, waiting for them. To Jamie's surprise, he found a familiar face inside. \"Hi Stacey.\" He quickly said. The young girl faced him, \"Hi Jamie.\" The two chatted for a while, until Stacey's father came into view, with two boys behind him. \"Well well well, lookie here.\" The man said. \"Hey there Mister Crawford.\" Jamie said. \"Hello to you too Jamie, Oh, these are Stacey's cousins, Sasha and Philip.\" Mr. Crawford pointed out. \"Hi guys,\" Jamie greeted them. They responded with a wave. Sasha went on to ask his cousin, \"Is he your boyfriend?\" Jamie and Stacey suddenly showed shock and widened their eyes. They didn't know what to say or think at the moment, a question like that coming from a different person would be very hard to answer ( If you ask me, I'd be shocked as well ) \"No!, you got the wrong idea!\" She replied. Jamie was blushing a little bit, thinking about it somehow made him a little happy, but he shoved that thought in his head for a while. \"Yeah, I mean, were just friends.\" Then Jamie thought, \" Well I did have a crush on her, I'm just shy to admit it, or rather scared that she'd try to avoid me.\" \"That's where it all starts.\" Philip said with a grin. \"Well, it's not like that! He's not my boyfriend, besides, I'm not that old to have one yet.\" Stacey stated. \"Who says you have to be old? I had my first crush before I reached your age.\" Mr. Crawford teased. \"DAAAAD!\" Stacey groaned. Their little conversation was shortly interrupted by the arrival of Bob, \"Hey Jamie, what are you having there?\" then he faced Mt. Crawford, \"Oh hey Stan.\" \"Hey Bob, nice running into you.\" Stan replied. \"Good to see you in here too, how've you been?\" Bob asked. \"Just fine, How's the wife?\" Stan asked. \"Were pretty good, a few bumps, but still, were fine. What are you up to lately?\" Bob questioned. \"Well, I'm a contractor now, my boss gave me a day-off, so I decided to take Stacey and her cousins here, you know?, for some good old-fashioned fun.\" Stan explained. \"Well what a coincidence, so have I!\" Bob said with joy. They both ended up laughing. After eating lunch, Jamie thought of a way to lighten up his day, \"Hey Dad?, Can we play outside?\" \"Sure thing Jamie.\" Bob replied to his son, \"Go take your brother and sister.\" \"I'll ask 'em.\" Jamie assured him. But before he went on to his siblings he first asked Stacey, but he just whispered it to her ear, so only she would know. \"Hey, I have something that you might like.\" He whispered to her. \"What is it?\" She asked. \"Wanna have a snowball fight?\" he asked excitingly, but still in a whisper. This conversation continued for a couple of minutes. \"I'd love it, I think I'll take my cousins with me too, can't leave 'em here you know.\" She said. \"That won't be a problem.\" Jamie said. Jamie and Stacey approached Peter and Hope, they asked them to join, in which Peter gladly accepts, but he insisted that they take the animals with them. Although, there was one awkward moment where Hope begins babbling about Stacey being Jamie's girlfriend. It left both Jamie and Stacey wide-eyed and speechless for a moment. They gathered everyone and left the diner. Jamie led the way, since Peter has no idea what they were going to do ( Well Jamie never told Peter that they were going to have a snowball fight, otherwise, he would not come, cause he thinks it is childish to play such a game ), although he noticed that Stacey and her cousins were very close to each other. \"Hey, Jamie. What exactly, are we going to do?\" Peter asked. \"Just wait and see, I'm sure you'll like it.\" Jamie replied. \"Well, whatever it is, I sure hope it's not one of those big bang stunts you used last year.\" Hope chuckled. \"First of all, you have no proof I did that. Secondly, How did you know that?\" Jamie suddenly asked, causing Peter to hold his laughter. \"One, you were the only one missing during that party, Two, you were the only one stupid enough to do it. Three, it's obvious.\" Hope laughed, Peter joined in. Then he noticed, \"Hey Jamie, where are they?\" \"Where's who?\" Jamie asked back \"Stacey and her cousins, I lost sight of them.\" Peter exclaimed. \"Hey guys! Where are you? Slow down, I think you left us behind.\" Hope said. But before any of the three siblings could have said anymore, the answer they were looking for finally hit them ( I mean it literally hit them ) in the form of a snowball. \"Hey! What the?!\" Peter screamed. \"SNOWBALL fight!\" Stacey and her cousins screamed in unison, as they threw a couple of snowballs heading towards Peter's way. \"Everyone duck!\" Peter exclaimed. All of the Burnford siblings hid behind a boulder and tagged their pets along with them, they were discussing how to deal with Stacey and her cousins. \"Okay, that was a little bit messy.\" Peter said. \"You tell me.\" Hope stated. \"Jamie, do you have anything to do with this?\" Peter asked. ~Flashback~ \" Hey, I have something that you might like.\" He whispered to Stacey. \" What is it?\" She asked. \" Wanna have a snowball fight?\" he asked excitingly, but still in a whisper. \" You know I love those kind of things.\" Stacey replied. \" Good, it's a yes then. I need a favor from you.\" Jamie said. \" Well, let's hear it.\" She happily said. Jamie then started explaining, \"Peter has a problem when it comes to games like snowball fights. For some reason. He thinks it's for children and a very immature thing to be included in. He's like an old book, he doesn't like this kind of stuff.\" \" So where do we come in?\" Stacey eagerly asked. \" The only way to get Peter to play with us, is if he was forced into it.\" Jamie said. \" So?\" \" So, as we walk towards the playing fields, I need you to hide for a while, I will let you be ahead of us. Then make as many snowballs as you can, then count to twenty, then start throwing the snowballs at us.\" \" That way you can get them to join in?\" Stacey asked. \" Uhhh…Yeah.\" Jamie said. \" I love it, so what after then?\" She asked. \" We have fun, that's what.\" Jamie exclaimed in a soft tone. ~End of Flashback~ \"No, all I did was ask her if she wanna have some fun outside, she just said yes. I didn't know this was what she meant.\" Jamie explained with a blank expression on his face ( Of course, Jamie want to protect himself from Hope's detective eyes which can sense if you're lying ). Peter started forming a snowball, \"Well there's nothing we can do about that anymore.\" \"Uhm…What are you doing?\" Hope asked him. Peter smirked, \"Well it's obvious, isn't it? The only way out of here, is if we win in this snowball fight.\" \"That's so childish of you Peter, you should know better.\" Hope said, then suddenly as snowball thrown by one of Stacey's cousins hit her on her left shoulder. \"Oh, you're in big trouble!' She exclaimed as she made a snowball and threw it back at them. \"Look at who's childish now? Peter said while laughing a little bit. \"Well you said it yourself, the only way out of this is to win it.\" Hope smirked. \"Jamie, come on!, help me make more snowballs.\" Peter ordered. \"Sure.\" Jamie happily followed. The plan was simple for Peter, the first thing they got to do is build a fort ( out of snowballs ), that way it could act as a protection for them. Shadow utilized his digging skills to help Peter and his siblings gather as much snow as possible for the building. On the other end of the playing field, Stacey and her cousins decided to build a fort themselves, just to make the fight seem more of a challenge. Jamie was making snowballs and slowly placing them near Peter and Hope, as they have better aim than him, plus, Peter ordered him to make the snowballs. Keeping themselves busy, the animals just dug through the snow, to create cover for their humans ( except Sassy, who was by Hope's side ). \"Man, this is really hard, and cold!\" Chance squealed. \"Keep it down Chance, let's focus on the task at hand and just dig.\" Shadow ordered. \"Umm…guys? We can talk later, right now we have to finish this.\" Delilah muttered. \"Fine.\" Chance simply replied. The snowball fight continued, as of now, Stacey has the upper hand, mainly because of her position, it made it possible for her to hide quickly and evade Peter's snowballs, then provide snowballs to her cousins for a counter attack. Hope have been struggling as well, seeing as this is her first time to join an actual snowball fight against another person who isn't her brother. Of course, we had Peter, and man is he getting tired. Until an idea came to his head. \"Hey guys! Timeout!\" Peter called out. \"What's the deal?\" Stacey asked them, all of them halted the snowball fight for a while. \"I just wanna say something to Jamie, could we take a respite for like five minutes?\" Peter requested. \"Okay, that's alright.\" Stacey replied, \"Come on guys!, looks like they're about to do something huge, be prepared.\" She winced. Peter tool this timeout at his advantage and talked to his younger siblings. He noticed that Stacey and her cousins have the upper hand in this kind of fight, but he noticed something, now he is going to use it against them. \"What's up Pete? Why'd we stop?\" Jamie quickly asked. \"We won't win in this if we keep on doing this.\" Peter stated. \"Whatever do you mean?\" Hope asked. \"I meant if we just keep throwing snowballs at will and hoping that it would hit them. As you can see, they have a good spot.\" Peter said. \"You called timeout just to tell us that they have a good spot?\" Jamie irritatingly asked. \"No! you twat, what I'm trying to say is, I found a weakness in their spot.\" Peter exclaimed. Now both siblings are surprised, they've been searching for one weakness in the area, so far, they haven't had any luck. \"Well why didn't you just tell us?\" Hope said. \"Well if everyone keeps on interrupting me, then how am I supposed to say it?\" Peter argued. \"Hm…good point.\" Jamie followed-up. \"Now let's get to the plan, you see that patch of huge snow right above their spot?\" Peter asked them. They looked at the place Peter described, then faced back at him, \"What about it?\" Hope asked. \"There is an inclined plain between them and the snow patch, anyone know what that means?\" Peter asked. Jamie and Hope just looked at each other with blank expressions on their faces. Peter just rolled his eyes in frustration. \"Oh I'll just say it, Hope, you and I along with the big dogs will distract Stacey and her cousins. That will serve as a cover for Jamie, so he could go around them and on top of that incline. Jamie, I want you to take the pups with you, they could help you form a huge snowball, like a REALLY huge snowball, while Stacey is distracted you slide it from behind them, then without time to react, they will have no place to go.\" Peter finished. Jamie wondered for a while, \"Hey, I think it just might work.\" \"I think that's going to work, but the only problem is if she sees you.\" Hope stated. \"Then you better make a pretty good distraction.\" Jamie replied. \"It's settled then, let's do this guys.\" Peter exclaimed with joy. So Peter instructed Hope and his other companions ( Shadow and the gang ). When they have set up the pieces together, Peter yelled, \"Ok Stacey!, we're ready.\" No response was heard, but they quickly got their answer when a snowball hit their fort. They started putting the plan into action, Jamie was hiding, ready to move out as Peter gives out the order. \"Now Hope!\" he screamed, \"Shadow, Chance, Delilah, move guys, help her.\" The dogs quickly obliged, even though they couldn't understand what Peter was saying, they knew what he wanted to be done. All of them quickly get into their positions. \"Okay Chance, you know what has to be done.\" Shadow said. \"No need to tell it to my twice old timer, not even once. You ready Delilah?\" Chance faced his mate. \"Heh…I was born ready, you two are the ones I'm waiting for.\" Delilah replied. Shadow chuckled, \"Let's go!\" With that, they ran at the middle of the playing fields and started digging through the snow facing the opposite direction, thereby pushing the snow towards Stacey and her cousins, at the same time, Peter and Hope began throwing snowballs. Stacey quickly took cover, but some of the snowballs hit her cousins. She called out to them for cover, \"Get down guys!\" \"Looks like luck's on our side.\" Peter stated. \"Is it time?\" Jamie eagerly asked. \"Now remember, she mustn't see you, alright?\" Peter confirmed and Jamie replied with a nod. \"Good, Now go!\" Peter urged. So it continues, Peter's distraction was working. With the continuous throwing of snowballs along with the dogs digging, they were able to completely block out Stacey's vision of the field, neither she nor her cousins saw or even noticed Jamie sneaking up on them. Jamie did as instructed, he went around them, for Jamie the easy part was sneaking up and hiding in plain sight, But then came in the hard part. \"Okay, let's go guys.\" Jamie gestured towards the pups. The pups replied with simultaneous excited barks, which caused Jamie to flinch, \"Shh! Be quiet guys, remember, we're not supposed to get caught.\" Then the barking stopped. Jamie slowly climbed towards the top of the incline and hid behind the huge patch of snow, with the pups following behind him. \"Okay guys,\" Jamie said is he started making a of what seems like a soon-to-be huge snowball. \"Help me fix this up.\" The pups started rolling small patches of snow using their noses. Buffy and Diva decided to just dig out snow with their legs to speed things up for Jamie, since they have more leg power compared to their other two siblings. \"Wow! This is fun!\" Jessie shouted. \"(Laughs) I've never seen you this happy Jess.\" Buffy remarked. \"What do you mean never ? You said it as if I never had my entire life.\" Jessie replied. \"I think what he means to say Jess is he has never seen you overjoyed about something.\" Cody remarked while pushing small patches of snow towards Jamie. \"Well both of you have a point, still, this is a moment I think we will never forget.\" Diva said. \"What does me being so happy about something have to be a precious moment in your lives?\" Jessie said. \"Nothing much, just something to tease you with when the time comes.\" Buffy smirked. \"Whatever.\" Jessie continued digging. Back at Peter and Hope, they are quickly running out of snowballs to throw at their opponents and the dogs are getting tired already. \"What's taking him so long?\" Peter said in frustration. \"Patience Pete, he'll be ready when the time comes, let's just give him a few more time.\" Hope said. \"I hope your right, I'm starting to get tired.\" Peter said. A few seconds later Jamie showed up on the top of the incline, ready to push down the huge snowball. Jamie waved his hand to signal Peter that he is ready and waiting for Peter's go signal. \"What are you waiting for Pete?! Tell him to roll it down.\" Hope screamed as she hid from a snowball that was going to hit her. \"Peter posed his thumbs up, high enough for Jamie to see clearly. ~ Back at the top of the Incline ~ \"Okay guys, you ready?\" Jamie asked. The puppies simply barked in response. Then they started pushing the huge patch of snow down the incline. They let the huge snowball roll down the long incline, slowly gathering small parts of snow along the way and adding to the mass and size of the snowball. ~ Back at the play fields ~ \"Okay this is it. Let's-\" Peter was interrupted. \"Come on, let's start the count off.\" Hope quickly said. \"I was going to say that anyways, But sure.\" Both Peter and Hope started counting, \"1…2…3…\" ~ Back with Jamie ~ Jamie was also counting down with them, \"…4…5…\" As the gigantic snowball nears their target without alarming them Jamie took the moment and screamed, \"TIMBEEEEEEER!\" This brought the attention of both Stacey and her cousin, who were completely caught off guard. \"Oh crap.\" Was all Sasha and Philip could say. Then without warning, the snowball hits its mark. It completely Stacey's fort and buried the trio in snow. This caused laughter among the Burnfords. They slowly dug their way out of the snow and started rubbing themselves off. \"Whoa! Didn't expect that to happen.\" Stacey said. \"No offense, I think none of us did.\" Sasha said. \"Nice game guys. Although what happened was kinda like a dirty play.\" Philip mentioned. \"What are you talking about? We never mentioned any rules.\" Hope said. \"Who cares guys! That was the most fun I've ever had in my life.\" Jamie said with pride. \"Well, come to think of it, I never remember snowball fights to be this much fun.\" Peter uttered. \"You mean for a person your age.\" Jamie said, causing laughter among the crowds. \"Well, it was fun, even though Jamie needed to trick both of you into joining this-\" Stacey suddenly stopped. Peter and Hope faced her with blanked expressions on their faces. She couldn't think of a word to say but, \"Oops…\" Then Peter and Hope turn their faces towards their brother and said, \"Jamie…\" \"Uh-oh, I think I heard mom calling, catch you later.\" Jamie then sprinted towards the diner. It ended up with Peter and Hope chasing him, followed by their pets, Stacey and her cousins. \"Oh no you don't!\" Peter said. \"Oh, I knew he had something to do with it.\" Hope said. \"Man, can't believe I was tricked into this.\" Peter followed. \"Come on guys, he's just a kid who wants to have some fun. He wouldn't drag you into this if he didn't think it would be. Besides, you're the one who has a problem with these games, not him.\" Stacey defended Jamie. \"Easy for you to defend him, considering he's your boyfriend after all.\" Peter replied. This caused her cousins to chuckle, Stacey gave them an eye then they stopped quickly, then she faced toward Peter, \"For the last time, he's not my boyfriend!\" \"We'll just have to wait and see, won't we?\" Hope teased. \"Aaaargh…What's wrong with you people?!\" Stacey said with irritation, although she was blushing a little bit. They continue chasing their brother, Then Hope went on Peter's side, \"Do you really think it's gonna work with them ?\" Hope said in a whisper. \"I don't know, like you said, wait and see, right?\" Peter replied. Jamie finally came to the diner after running for a good ten minutes away from his angry brother and sister. The first thing he said is; \"Dad! Hide me!\" Jamie screamed as he went by his father's side. \"What's going on son?\" Bob asked. \"Peter and Hope are going to kill me!\" Jamie replied. Bob was talking with Stan along with Laura in their table, what Jamie said caused abrupt laughter between the three of them. \"Oh, kids nowadays.\" Laura said. \"Yup, reminds me of us when we were little.\" Stan commented. \"It's true, they're getting-.\" Jamie stopped as his brother and sister enters the diner. \"They're gonna kill me!\" Jamie said as he quickly hid under the table. Peter, Hope along with Stacey and their pets came towards the table. \"So…Jamie says you're gonna murder him.\" Stan said. \"Well what do you expect dad? He tricked us…again!\" Hope said. \"Somebody has to teach him a thing or two.\" Peter implied. \"So it seems.\" Bob said, \"Did you guys have fun outside?\" \"More than we could ever think of Mr. Seaver.\" Stacey said. Bob gave her a nod and faced Peter and Hope, \"How 'bout you guys?\" \"We did, but-.\" Peter suddenly stopped. \"Well, that's what we came here for. To have fun, I'm glad you had the time of your lives.\" Bob said. \"You know, for once, Jamie picked the perfect to prank someone.\" Laura added. Peter didn't say anything anymore, he simply smiled, Hope did the same. Peter said, \"You know dad, it was fun.\" \"Good to hear that, Now come on, let's pack up.\" Bob said. \"We're leaving?\" Jamie said as he left from under the table. \"Yup kiddo, we wish we could've stayed longer, but we gotta get home, you know?\" Bob said. \"Aw…man.\" Jamie replied. \"Come on guys, let's go.\" Laura gestured for them to prepare. The kids along with their pets followed their mother towards the car. \"Well, it was nice seeing you Stan.\" Bob said as he draws out his hand. \"It was nice seeing you too Bob.\" Stan shook his hand. Before they left the diner, Stacey called out to Jamie. \"Wait!\" Jamie faced her, \"What is it?\" \"Uhmm….I want you to have something.\" She pulled out a brightly knitted bracelet from her left pocket. Jamie puts out his hand and received the gift, he was utterly speechless for a moment, he could only say, \"Wow, it's beautiful, did you make this? For me?\" She simply nodded in response. \"It's amazing, I like it.\" He said. \"I'm glad you do, cause….\" She raised her left wrist, \"I made one for myself too.\" \"Wow, you're really good at this.\" \"Thank you.\" She replied. Suddenly she was shocked at what happened next. Jamie hugged her. \"Thanks for the gift, it was amazing, we're the best of friends, You and I.\" Jamie uttered. \"We sure are.\" Stacey replied while returning Jamie's gesture. Then a car honk was heard. \"Oh,…I gotta go, see you soon.\" Jamie dashed for the car. \"You will.\" Stacey responded. Jamie ran up to their car, as he entered, he never what he was in. \"Hey Jamie, nice bracelet.\" Hope said. \"Thanks.\" Jamie awkwardly replied. \"Did you girlfriend give that to you?\" Peter asked, causing a lot of light chuckle in the vehicle. \"Oh, my boy's growing up.\" Chance said. \"Well, the sooner he grows up, the sooner he could give you away. Makes my life easier.\" Sassy said. \"In your dreams, pussycat. Jamie is never going to give me away and I mean never .\" Chance replied sarcastically. \"Whatever makes you sleep at night, precious.\" Sassy said. \"Whatever haunts you, cupcake.\" Chance responded. ( Now let's get back at Jamie ) \"Guys, what's wrong with you?! She's my best friend.\" Jamie said. \"Haven't you ever learned from those romantic films? The two lovers always, and I mean always start out as friends and then in the end, they get together.\" Hope replied while laughing a little. \"Yeah Jamie, come to think of it, you two are pretty close, I wouldn't be surprised if you two end up together.\" Bob joined in. \"DAAAAAAD!\" Jamie screamed, Causing laughter among the family, including the pets. ~Narration~ Wow, what a great day, the stories, the snowballs. Man everything is going pretty good for the whole family. I think Jamie wants that girl to be his mate (laughs)…Well I wouldn't stop him, she seemed nice. Anyways, we're going home, wishing we could do this thing again. It's fun doing stuff out of the ordinary. It was a long trip home, we arrived by nightfall, and by the time home was insight, the pups are pretty knocked out already. \"Ok kids, we're home.\" Chance told his pups. \"Ow!, I think my neck is stiff.\" Cody said. \"Come on guys, would you rather sleep here or in the house?\" Chance asked once again. \"I don't know about you guys, but I prefer the house.\" Jessie jumped out of the car. \"That makes two of us sis.\" Diva followed. \"Come on Buffy, wake up old boy. Your bed's waiting for you.\" Chance told his eldest son. \"Okay okay, I'm up.\" Buffy then gave out a yawn. \"My my, that activity sure wore them out pretty good.\" Delilah remarked. \"Well, at least it's a good one.\" Shadow followed up. \"Well guys, today was a wonderful day, but I think we should all hit the sack, what do you say?\" Sassy asked. \"Good idea, good night.\" Chance said as he dashed towards the house. Delilah followed shortly after him, since Chance and his little family have their own personal space in the house. \"Come on Sas.\" Shadow said. \"Right behind ya.\" Sassy responded. Everyone was fast asleep, they were really exhausted from the trip and all the activities that went on that day. All but one; ~Dream World~ Diva was running through a thick cover of trees along with her siblings and their mother. \" Kids, stay together.\" Delilah said with worry. \"Don't leave anyone behind.\" As they continue running, A loud roar pierced the air, terrifying the very soul an animal has within them. \" Papa!? Where are you going!?\" Diva cried. \" I'll distract him, go!, now!\" Chance screamed. \" Don't leave me Papa!\" Diva cried out. \" Please! Go!\" Chance screamed once more. As Diva turned back, a black figure was rearing up behind her huge claws, sharp rows for its teeth and eyes as red a fire. She was frozen solid. As the creature prepare to lunge on her all she could do was scream. \"AAAHHHHHHH!\" Then….. ~End of the Dream~ Then she suddenly woke up, back in the house, where she was sleeping together with her family. She was breathing heavily and panting fast. \"Oh no, not this again.\" Was all Diva could mutter. Well if last chapter was the most detailed chapter so far, then this has got to be the most fun-filled chapter I've come to write about :), What do you guys think about the new chap? Just let me know :D Leave a review, PM me, it's up to you guys. What's up with Diva and her dreams? Wanna find out? I could tell you, but it's better to wait and see right? ;) I hope you guys would enjoy reading this. By the way, among Chance's pup in my story, which one is your favorite? (Buffy, Cody, Jessie or Diva) Why?[Chapter 10] Hey Guys, sorry it took the update longer than the usual two to three weeks. I was preparing for my Finals test, had to study hard, wouldn't want to be a college dropout, wouldn't we? LOL. Now that it's all done, I quickly got back on track, luckily writer's block isn't hitting me, usually it does from the very beginning, due to bad experiences in writing classes. Now for the review(s), which was low compared to the previous chapter (Sighs) Knightwing: Glad you liked it bro/sis. Yeah, I think they're cute too. Zero Unit RGB: Thank you very much for your awesome feedbacks and for pointing out some corrections, I'll gladly watch out for it next time Note: It was pointed out that the last name of the family was Seaver , although in my defense I was using the mother's last name, for some odd reason I saw Bob as a stepfather. But now, starting from this chapter I will be using Seaver as the family's last name. Italicized words means Chance is narrating. Hope you enjoy this one :D. Chapter 9: The Field Trip December, the eighteenth day. The Seavers have been preparing for their winter break, after all, the holidays were coming. Laura is patiently waiting for the arrival of her children, who were currently being fetched by her husband. The pets, well, they're in the great indoors, Since it's snowing outside and nobody to watch them, Laura decided to keep them in the living room. She turned on the television for the pets and then she went on to the kitchen, to cook dinner. Chance, Delilah, Shadow and Sassy were just chatting with each other. On the other hand, the pups were just watching 101 Dalmatians on the telly. \"Man, this is the best life I could ask for.\" Chance uttered. \"You can say that again, of course this wouldn't be possible without me and your pups.\" Delilah replied. \"Well, that's one thing, but this wouldn't also happen if you didn't come around and chased me all the way back here.\" \"Well, at least we can both agree to that.\" Delilah said. Then they started nuzzling and licking each other cheeks. \"(Gulp) I think I'm gonna throw up.\" Sassy said. Shadow merely chuckled in response, \"You know, you should feel good about them, Chance finally found someone that will stay with him until the end, I was beginning to worry before that it will be just us who will be with him, boy was I wrong.\" Shadow said. \"No kidding, still, I can't stand that face, Yuck!\" Sassy replied. \"Well, what about you?\" Shadow suddenly asked. \"What about me?\" \"Don't you ever think about finding a mate?\" Shadow replied. \"Who needs one? I've got you guys anyways, that's enough for me.\" Sassy said. \"You know that's not true, come on Sas, you're pretty, for a cat. You're bound to find someone eventually, no one can resist you.\" Shadow encouraged. \"Well thanks for that, it's not that I don't want one, it's just I rarely think about those things. I'm right here watching over my little nieces and nephews. Guess time really kills it sometimes.\" \"Well I wouldn't say little nowadays, they're close to seven months old. But here's a word of wisdom from an old dog; Sometimes life doesn't give the right moment, you have to make that moment happen yourself. So when you do meet the one Sas, I hope you do the right move.\" Shadow said. \"You always have to use deep words like that?\" Sassy replied, prompting Shadow to laugh. \"It's like you haven't known me for years, you should've gotten used to it cause' Chance already is.\" \"(Laughs) Don't worry about me, who knows, maybe tomorrow I'll find him .\" Sassy said. \"No!\" Buffy screamed, gathering the attention of the adult pets. \"What the damn hell !?\" Sassy suddenly said. \"Oops, sorry everyone.\" Buffy followed through. \"Take it easy Buff, I don't think the puppies are gonna get harmed by those guys.\" Cody said. \"Besides, it's just a movie, the good guys always win in the end.\" Diva said cheerfully. \"That's why these movies are so predictable, Bad guy gets their puppies, they bark their way through, they get them back and then it just goes on. Why can't they add a twist like, a puppy getting taken in by someone or something?\" Jessie voiced out. Every single one of her siblings just stared at her, \"Whoa, that's another criticism you gave out to our movies.\" Cody pointed out. \"Pfff, I'm just saying. Sometimes things get boring if you can already predict what is going to happen in the end.\" Jessie stated. \"That's what you've always been saying in all our movies.\" Buffy retorted. \"Hold on a sec!, I do not do this on every-\" Jessie was interrupted. \"Actually Jess, you do. You have the nasty habit of spoiling everything and badly criticizing some things we do.\" Diva said. Jessie gave a gazing stare at Diva, \"And what's wrong about it? Do you have any problems? Sis?\" \"Uh…well…you see-\" Diva stopped. \"What about it?\" Jessie asked again. \"If I may,\" Cody interrupted, \"Come on Jess, how the heck are we supposed to enjoy a movie if you keep criticizing them every time we watch them?\" \"Well…Uh…(sighs) Just forget about it, let's just watch the stupid movie.\" Jessie proclaimed. \"Whoa dude, you do know you just did two incredible things in a day, right?\" Buffy said. \"What do you mean Buff?\" \"Come on, you defeated Jess in an argument and forced her to keep quiet for the remainder of the film. Now that's a rare sight (Laughs).\" \"You wanna see a rare sight? Does evisceration sound good to you?\" Jessie said with a devilish grin. Buffy gave a huge gulp, \"Point taken, now let's just enjoy the show.\" \"That's what I thought.\" Jessie said. \"Well, that was surprising.\" Sassy exclaimed. \"What is?\" Shadow asked. \"The pups fighting over something, I don't usually see that.\" \"Well, you've had plenty of that already, remember Chance?\" Shadow asked. \"Ugh, don't remind me Shadow, every fight with Chance is like fighting with a pup.\" She exclaimed. \"Hey!, What the hell am I in for this time? I think I heard my name.\" Chance muttered. \"It's nothing, you're probably imagining things, I recall talking to Shadow.\" Sassy retorted. Chance started mumbling the things Sassy told him, then went on to talk with Delilah, \"I still can't stand cats, considering I've been with her for a long time already.\" \"Chance, that's not a good thing to say to a lady.\" Delilah said. \"Come on, we all know Sassy doesn't count.\" Chance said. \"Hey!\" Sassy screamed, causing both Delilah and Chance to laugh. \"Stop it Chance, seriously.\" Delilah said. \"Aw Come on, you have to admit, that was pretty funny.\" \"Well…your silliness is funny, that's what.\" Delilah said, then she gave Chance a lick. \"See what I mean Shadow?\" Sassy asked directly. Shadow simply laughed about the matter, \"You both act like kids sometimes, it's funny to watch.\" \"Speaking of pups, I think I have a soft spot for Jessie. She reminds me so much of myself. Tough, intelligent and beautiful at one's point of view.\" \"The great Sassy giving compliments to a dog? Now that's a rare sight.\" Shadow said. \"Still you do have a point. I do see a lot of you in Jessie, except for the fact that she's a dog,\" followed by chuckling. \"Very funny, well I bet Cody got his calm and Buddhist attitude from you.\" Sassy retorted. Shadow took a quick glance at the pups, \"Hmmm…never thought of it that way before. But you do have good eye on observing things, so I'll believe you in that one. Considering those, I would say Diva is more like her mother, sweet and caring. On the other hand, I can see more of Chance in Buffy, his lust for fun and adventures, it gets crazy sometimes, but all the while, fun.\" \"Sure, if fun means getting us lost in a mountainous place and a big city, or crazy , because that's what his dad puts me through every day.\" \"Sometimes you just know what makes me laugh Sas.\" Shadow exclaimed. \"I figured, cause sometimes you guys know the exact things that ruin my day.\" Sassy retorted. \"In my defense, that's not entirely true, without me and Chance, you'd probably get bored out of your life.\" Shadow replied. \"Sometimes I'm just speechless when you talk, you know that?\" \"Are you admitting defeat? That makes two things you would rarely do, that's only for today.\" Shadow smirked. Sassy simply rolled her eyes, \"Whatever Shadow.\" ~Narration~ \" Boy this day just couldn't get any better; my pups are gradually getting bigger and still growing. Oh, I wish I could just turn back time and spend even more time with them. I miss their baby attitudes and the silliness, but that's not how life work guys. I think that was what Shadow was telling me the last time. About how time is precious, that we must use it wisely and spend time with the ones we love, because we all know nothing lasts forever in this world. On the other hand, some things really don't change, why? Sassy's still a pain in the ass (Laughs), seriously. Still, I wouldn't trade that kitty for any other cat. This cat happened to be one of my best friends in this entire world, without her or Shadow, I wouldn't even make it this far in life. I'm one lucky dog. Suddenly the doors opened up, the sound of footsteps heard from inside the house, followed by, \"We're home!\" Chance quickly rose up with utter joy, \"That's my boy!\" then he made a dash for the door to meet-up with Jamie. \"Hey Chance, how you doing boy?\" Jamie asked, to which Chance simply licked his hand. \"Oh Jamie, you're hands are cold, whew.\" Chance said. \"Okay boy, I'll be changing first.\" Jamie told him and then dashed towards his room. As Jamie went upstairs, Peter, Hope and Bob arrived a few moments after Jamie. The older siblings dropped their bags and called out on their pets. \"Shadow, come here boy!\" \"Well Sassy, that's our cue.\" Shadow said. They stood up and prepared to meet their owners. Sassy was ahead, Shadow then glanced at Delilah, \"Will you be fine alone?\" \"I think I'll be alright Shadow, thank you. Someone needs to watch out for the pups and keep them out of trouble.\" Delilah replied. Shadow laughs then proceeded to meeting up with their humans. As Shadow reached the edge of the room, he saw Sassy being carried by Hope. \"Hey Shadow, Peter's waiting for you by the door.\" Sassy motioned. \"Thanks Sas.\" Shadow quickly replied and went straight towards the door. There he found his boy waiting for him, excited. \"Come here Shadow!\" Peter said with a smile. Shadow simply barked in response and walked to Peter. Peter started rubbing Shadow's head, behind his ears. Peter always knew where Shadow's soft spot is, where he always wanted to be rubbed. \"You like that, don't you?\" Peter asked. \"Oh Peter, as long as you're here. I wouldn't ask for more.\" Shadow said. Jamie is then seen running down the stairs, already changed. \"Wow, he must really be excited pampering the pups. What do you think Shadow?\" Peter asked. Shadow barked, \"Who wouldn't?\" Now it was Peter's turn to change up. Laura has been waiting for them to arrive for a while now. She was already preparing the family dinner. Bob was helping around the house, getting ready as well. Shadow went back to the living room and finds Jamie watching television with Delilah and her pups. \"Jamie seems to be having fun with you guys.\" Shadow said as he sat with Delilah. \"Well, he's been nothing but caring and friendly to me. Even after a year has passed. I'm just returning the favor. On the other side of the paw, the pups seem to love him, especially Buffy.\" Delilah explained. \"You make Chance happy, if Chance feels happy, there's no mistake Jamie wouldn't feel the same. I won't ask why Buffy is close to him. It's pretty obvious.\" \"Yeah.\" Delilah said. \"He reminds him of Chance a lot.\" They both said together, causing a small chuckle between the two. \"Now, we think a lot too. Sometimes I run it through my head and I think faith wants you to be with this family.\" Shadow said. \"Well, if faith means getting lost in a big city, getting a fight with a couple of strays and doing crazy stuff. Then that must be it.\" The comment made Shadow laugh, \"I see you've taken up some of Sassy's tenacity when it comes to observing.\" \"You might say that, since we are the only females among you, I think a little girl talk wouldn't hurt sometimes.\" \"Keep spending more time with me, maybe you'll absorb a part of me inside of you, since you've been here, you've captured some of Sassy and Chance's attitude, looks like I was left out. Delilah simply laughed, \"I wouldn't say you were left out, actually I've been talking to the pups about how things are done inside and outside this house. I couldn't help myself use some of your wisdom words to them. I recall Diva telling that I speak like his uncle Shadow.\" \"Hmm…really, I never really noticed that in you.\" Shadow said, but still impressed at what Delilah said about him. \"Of course, except if I'm around Chance. Otherwise that dog will have something to tease me with for a week.\" \"I understand. Chance do have the knack of using positive things against others.\" Shadow claimed. Then suddenly, \"Who's using positive things against others?\" Shadow and Delilah looked from behind them and saw Chance slowly approaching. \"Is someone hurting you guys?\" Chance asked with concern. \"No Chance, we're fine, it's just another conversation with Shadow.\" Delilah said. \"Well take it easy hon', you might inherit some of Shadow's unusual behaviors. No offense old timer.\" \"I'll pretend I didn't hear the last part.\" Shadow replied. A few moments later, Sassy then rejoined them, as Hope, Jamie and Peter sat with the pups. \"Hey, what did I miss?\" She asked. \"Oh nothing much, just about half of your life, I would say.\" Chance replied, while Delilah tries not to laugh. \"Hmph!\" was all Sassy could say. ~Narration~ \" Well, what did I tell you guys? Sassy might be this grumpy grandma character, but she means well. Jessie here idolizes her, I never thought I'd see the day where a cat is being idolized by a dog, in this case, my own daughter. His thoughts were interrupted when these words were heard, \"Come on guys, dinner's ready.\" Which came from Laura. \"Alright guys, let's go.\" Peter said. His two siblings along with the animals went on to the dining room, followed by the animals. As they arrive, before dinner started, \"Hey Bob, would you feed the animals first? We'll wait for you here.\" \"Sure, no problem. Come on you guys, Chance, Shadow, Sassy, Delilah and you too young ones.\" Bob ordered. The animals responded with simultaneous noises which symbolizes excitement on their part. Bob led them towards a room on the right side of the kitchen. He then gave each of the animals their meals. Satisfied with the job, Bob decided to rejoin his family. \"Well, that's settled. I'll leave you guys here for a while.\" Bob said. As he arrived at the table, Laura quickly asked, \"How'd it go?\" To which Bob replied, \"It was better than the previous months, at least they don't jump on me anymore and cause a big mess.\" \"Well then, let's start. Hope, would you like to say grace?\" She asked her daughter. \"Sure mom.\" Hope replied. The family has always started dinnertime this way. After thanking the god Lord for what they have, they started digging in with their hearts content. \"So Jamie, anything interesting that happened in school?\" Laura asked. \"Nothing much.\" He replied. \"Sure, if you meant meeting with Stacey as nothing much, then yeah, that should be it.\" Hope interrupted. \"Come on, I just said hi to her, nothing wrong about that.\" Jamie retorted. Laura turned her eyes on her other son, \"What about you Peter? Anything new?\" \"Um…Wait mom, it's right at the tip of my tongue.\" Peter tried to recall something. \"Well, what is it?\" \"Right, we have an upcoming field trip two days from now. Can we come?\" Peter asked. \"Well that depends, where is it being held at?\" She asked. \"Yellowstone National Park, at Wyoming. The school invites each of the classes. They gave us a free tag-along pass for this one.\" Peter said. \"Which means?\" Laura asked curiously. \"We could all go together, including the animals of course. I wouldn't leave them here. I prefer not to have a repeat of past events.\" \"That seems interesting, I'll be fine with it. What do you say about that Bob?\" \"I think it's a great idea. I've never been there yet anyways, so might as well try and visit something new for a change.\" \"Then it's settled. We all go. Another fun-filled adventure for all of us.\" Laura exclaimed. \"Well then we better hurry up them meals, we got some packing to do, since it's a five day field trip.\" Bob said. \"That's quite long.\" Laura said. \"Well, the thing is mom, since the school has so many budget allotted for us, they're gonna provide us a plane to ride on from the airport to Wyoming. Plus, a hotel room to stay on. It's a five day field trip anyways.\" \"Even better.\" Was all Laura said. ~Scene Shift (The Animals)~ While the humans have been talking with each other at dinner time, the animals have been eating theirs as well. \"Mama, I ate a bug today.\" Cody said. \"I don't want to what it is or why you ate it. I can't believe that habit stuck on you.\" Delilah responded. \"I'm sorry, what now?\" Chance intervened. \"Apparently, your son has a nasty habit of chasing down little bugs and eating them up like they were puppy treats.\" She paused. \"If I knew this would happen in the future, I would've just stopped him from playing with those critters when he was younger.\" \"I wouldn't say I'm not feeling weird by this one, I'd be lying then. But that's what makes him happy, who knows what he found on those bugs that is so tasty. I think I should try one at least.\" Chance replied. \"You should dad, some of them are really good.\" Cody said. Delilah simply rolled her eyes, \"I can't believe these two are actually considering adding bugs into their diets.\" \"Well if you ask me, it's better for them to eat bugs than chase me all the time. Actually, any activity will do, as long as it keeps them away.\" Sassy said. Delilah gave a huge sigh, then Sassy continued, \"What do you think about that one Shadow?\" There was no answer, she noticed Shadow has already finished his meal and is at the moment sitting by the door, Curious, Sassy stood up and approached her friend. \"Hey, Is something bothering you?\" She asked. Shadow took a glance at her, \"Nothing of importance, just had a though about something.\" \"Nothing important? If there's one thing I've learned about you Shadow, that is nothing is not important to you. So tell me now or I'll get Chance so he could spill it out of you.\" Sassy said. \"I told you, it's nothing. I just had a thought about something. I'm not sure what it is, but I have a funny feeling that something extraordinary is about to happen to us.\" \"Well, for our sake, I hope it wouldn't have to do anything with the past.\" Sassy replied. \"We can't be too sure, can we? We just have to go with the flow for now.\" Shadow said. After this brief conversation, Sassy headed back to where Chance and his family are, while Shadow remained by the door, watching the humans. This chapter is finally out, sorry if it took so long for me. I was swamped, even during the summer, this comes along with my brothers not enjoying every time I said I had to write about my fanfic, they think it's really stupid. Well, I beg to differ. Well now that it's here, I feel like a huge weight has been lifted from me. I hope you enjoyed this one, because it's going to take a while before the next chapter gets released. My family and I are taking a 1 month vacation in a province where I spent most of my childhood. As I remembered, there are no computers or internet there most of the time. Just giving you guys a heads up. But don't you worry, I will still be writing them , it'll just take longer to upload them. Please leave any feedback or review, I would really appreciate whatever thoughts you have on this story.[Chapter 11] Chapter 10: Not This Time December the nineteenth, a few hours left before the big trip. Everyone in the house, especially Laura had been up early trying to prepare all the stuff needed for the big trip. While Bob, is at the office, preparing to take a leave for the event. The kids are apparently at school, taking up their classes (as usual). The animals lie down for the moment, for they knew that whatever the humans are doing, whenever they need help, they would simply ask for it. The pups are sound asleep in their spots, leaving the adult pets on their own. Chance feels lazy and just ends up lying by the side of the couch where the family sits when watching television, Delilah and Sassy just went on and talk about random stuff. Shadow on the other hand, has been quiet and made a blank stare on their backyard, now covered in at least four inches of snow. \"Hey, here's one question for you,\" Delilah clears her throat, \"Why do cats hate getting baths?\" Delilah asked. \"What do you mean hate baths, I take a bath at least three times a day.\" Sassy bragged. \"You mean licking yourself? That's not a bath.\" Delilah argued. \"It is on my book.\" Sassy replied. \"Heh…No wonder you smell like that all the time.\" Chance intervened, prompting a stare from Sassy, \"Watch it dog.\" Sassy then faced Delilah once more, \"Okay, how 'bout this one. Why do dogs sniff each other's butts?\" Now all three of the adult dogs, faced each other, trying to figure out an answer for Sassy's unexpected question. \"Does it really have to be that question Sassy?\" Shadow asked. \"Well, if you don't wanna answer it, it's alri-\" Sassy paused, \"It's alright Sassy, Don't worry, I'll tell you why.\" \"I'm all ears.\" Sassy said. \"You see unlike humans or cats, we dogs sniff-.\" She paused as she heard a light chuckle from Sassy, she then continued, but with the use of different words, \"As I was saying, we do that for a variety of reasons, preferably for social interactions with one another. A smell for a dog, means a thousand more or so messages that we can pick up. I guess you can say it's one way of greeting for us dogs.\" Delilah stopped as Sassy stood up and turned around. \"Uh, what are you doing?\" Delilah wondered. \"What are you waiting for Delilah?, start smelling.\" Sassy said with a laugh. \"You're not serious, are you?\" Delilah asked. \"Well you did say it was like greeting among you guys right? So, give me a whiff and see what you can find about me.\" Sassy still chuckling as she mouthed of the words. \"I'm not smelling your butt!\" Delilah declared. \"Oh come on Delilah, you know you want to. After all, sniffing is better than talking for dogs. Ain't it right?\" Sassy said. \"Not even if perfume comes out of your butt on a regular basis.\" Delilah replied, prompting a laugh from Shadow and Chance. \"Nice comeback Delilah, you don't wanna know what a cat smells like anyways.\" Chance said. \"What the hell is that supposed to mean, Chance?\" Sassy said with a glare. \"I think you already know what it means Sassy, you... and your butt, smells exactly the same.\" The statement from Chance ended with uncontrollable laughter. \"Why, I'm gonna-\" Sassy was stopped by Shadow, \"That's enough guys, one of the little one's is starting to get up.\" \"Well, what do you know. Dog beats cat once again.\" Chance uttered. \"Don't worry, next time you won't be so lucky.\" Sassy said. Chance then glanced at her momentarily and replied, \"In your dreams.\" As the pups started moving slowly, they began to stretch out their legs. Among the litter, Diva was the first to woke up. As her eyes opened up, the first one she saw was her father. \"Good Morning Papa.\" She greeted. \"A good one indeed, sweetie.\" Chance greeted back. Then she was shortly followed by Cody, Buffy and Jessie, respectively. \"How long was I out?,\" was the first thing Buffy said, followed by greeting his parents. \"Clearly not long enough.\" Cody replied. \"Man, I'm the last one to wake up today.\" Jessie said. \"What's the big deal about it?\" Buffy asked. \"It's a personal thing, you wouldn't understand.\" Jessie said. \"Fine keep it to yourself then, as long as it has nothing to do with your usual pranks.\" Buffy replied. \"Whatever, Buff.\" Was the only reply he got from Jessie. \"Hey kids, how's the nap?\" Delilah said as she approached the pups. \"It was good mama, I feel refreshed.\" Diva cheerfully said. \"Good for you honey, what about you guys?\" She turned towards the other pups. \"It's alright mama, although I feel like I've been sleeping forever.\" Cody replied. \"Well, from that statement, I'd say it was good.\" Delilah laughed out. As their conversation got carried on, Laura noticed the pups are awake, \"You guys hungry?\" In which they replied with a bark. \"Come on then, the kids will be home soon. Good thing I'm almost done.\" She said. An hour later, Bob arrived along with the children. They brought some snacks with them as well, hinting that they passed by the grocery store before heading on home. \"Hey honey.\" He greeted. \"Hey, how'd it go with the boss?\" Laura asked. \"It went fine than I expected, he didn't ask too many question or showed any hint of disagreement with the leave.\" Bob explained. \"Looks like your boss knows how a family man's life goes on, I'm starting to like him already.\" Laura replied. They then share a kiss, Jamie intervened a few moments and asked Laura, \"Mom, where are the crates and food for the animals?\" \"They're by the kitchen Jamie.\" She answered. Jamie thanked her, and went on. Peter and Hope began to pamper the pups along with their respective pets. \"What have you been doing while we're gone, huh?\" Peter talking to the pups. \"Don't be silly Pete, you know they can't understand our words.\" Hope intervened. \"It doesn't mean they don't know still, they have feelings.\" Peter said. \"Hey kids, excited?\" Laura asked. The kids replied with a nod. She continued, \"Well then, you better eat dinner and sleep early, it's gonna be a long trip tomorrow.\" She finished. \"Sure thing mom.\" Peter said. \"To the kitchen!\" Jamie declared. The humans headed straight to the dining room shortly after being served their dinner. \"What about the animals?\" Bob asked. Laura gave him an assuring look, \"Don't worry about them dear, I just fed them.\" \"They didn't jump on you?\" Bob asked. In which she replied with a smile, \"They didn't even try.\" \"Nice, you must be really good with them compared to me.\" Bob said. \"Let's just say I have a way with them, I'll teach some of them to you sometime.\" She explained. \"You could've taught them to me sooner you know.\" Bob said, prompting Laura to laugh, \"Now, that wouldn't be fun, would it? \" After the entire task for the night is done, everyone, including the animals both hit the sack, since they will be leaving by five o'clock in the morning. It was peaceful and quiet, but someone is certainly not feeling the same. Among the pups, Diva's started moving uneasily, twitching, as if she is having a bad dream, a horrible nightmare of some sort. She was muttering, \"No….Don't…Please.\" (Dream World) Diva's was running over a dark area, a plain of some sort, she could feel the grass on her feet. On her side was her Uncle Shadow, Aunt Sassy, her parents and siblings. \" Keep running kids, don't stop, we don't know if they could hold him for long.\" Delilah muttered. \" He's getting closer!\" Cody screamed. \" Don't look back kids, just follow each other.\" Shadow ordered. They passed towards a bushy area, for Diva, it was like a thick brush of leaves, she couldn't see where she was going or any of her sibling or the adult animals. \" Guys! Where are you!?\" She frantically asked, she was feeling tears coming out of her eyes, out of fear. \" Mama! Papa!, Where are you!?\" She asked once more. As she saw a light, she followed it through, she was hoping that is where the others might be. If only that were the case. As she stepped into it, she looked around. There was no sign of anyone. She was in a place surrounded by thick leaves, she couldn't find a way out, even if she tries. She was palpitating, she felt like she had been running forever. She suddenly heard a sound, pieces of sticks breaking. She looked to her left side, noticing the moving leaves. She cautiously approached, \"Papa, Mama, is that you?\" To her horror, a giant creature approached her, a blurred form of a beast, she couldn't think what kind of thing it was, all she felt was fear running from her head down towards her spine, she couldn't move, she was frozen solid. As the creature moved to attack her, suddenly, out of nowhere, Chance came out, and went on to attack the bear as a distraction. Now Chance and Diva face the creature, together. \" Papa!\" Diva screamed out. \" Run Diva!, go right, Mama's in there.\" Chance ordered. \" What about you Papa?\" She asked with concern. \"I'll be alright, just go!\" Chance screamed. \" Papa, I can't leave you here.\" \" I love you sweetie, but you have to go, now!\" He said once more. Diva feeling defeated, she run towards the direction her father pointed out. After a few minutes of running, she turned back after hearing a loud yelp. \" Oh no.\" She muttered, she dashed back towards the direction she came back in. To her dismay, she found her father, with both his hind legs broken, Chance was motionless in the ground. \" Papa?\" She said tearfully. She started patting her father, but still no movement from him. \" Papa, wake up!\" She continue padding him. \"Wake up!\" She screamed again. Her eyes were full of tears, she heard loud growls and breaths from behind her, it was the BEAST. It raised its claw, preparing to deliver the killing blow. She was frozen once more, as the beast was about to bring her life to an end, all she could do was scream. She woke up from her nightmare, she was breathing and sweating heavily, her heart beating so fast, \"Honey?\" came out from behind her. She gasped and turned around, realizing her mother. \"Are you okay? Looks like you had a bad dream.\" Delilah said. \"Yes, something like that. But don't worry mama, it's alright, I think I'll just close my eyes again, sorry for disturbing you.\" Diva replied. \"Don't worry about it? What was it about?\" Delilah asked. \"What?\" Diva asked back. \"Your dream.\" Delilah implied. \"It's…nothing mama, good night.\" She just laid down and closed her eyes. \"Okay, well…Good Night sweetie.\" Delilah did the same thing. \" You have to tell her about this dream!\" her inner voice told her, but in her mind she simply thought , \"I don't wanna cause uneasy thoughts for everyone, it's best if I keep it to myself.\" The last words she heard from her inner self was, \"It's your call .\" She then went back to sleep. December, the twentieth day, the big day has finally arrived. What better way to start it with a nice ring from the alarm clock. On their room, Laura and Bob were still lying in bed, until Laura heard it. \"Bob!\" She shrieked. \"What in the name of-.\" He was shocked. The next thing he heard was, \"Get in the shower!, we're gonna be late, I'll get the kids.\" Realizing the situation in their hands, Bob quickly did what Laura said quickly. Laura marched straight into the kids bedroom. She quickly opened the door saying, \"Come on guys!, get up, we're gonna be late for the trip.\" The trio quickly got up, Jaime rushed to the bathroom. \"Hey! I'll be first.\" Hope argued with Jamie. Jamie simply smiled, \"You snooze you lose,\" then he locked the door. Hope irritated with the fact that her brother outwitted her…..again. Peter stood up, \"Hope, get the animals ready.\" Hope nodded back and headed downstairs, then Peter faced towards the bathroom door, \"Hurry up Jamie!, we don't have all day.\" The animals were sleeping soundly in the living room floor, lying down quietly. As Hope's footsteps grew louder and louder. The animals slowly started waking up. \"Come on Sassy, get up guys, we're leaving for Wyoming.\" Hope said. \"What the heck!? My beauty rest was interrupted for…. this!?\" Sassy supplied. \"What's going on?\" Chance asked lazily, then he face Shadow, \"Do you know about this old timer?\" Shadow glanced at him, \"I think this is what Peter and the others have been talking about the last time.\" \"They sure have a lot of things prepared for whatever is happening.\" Delilah said as she notices the baggage they had. The pups have already been awoken the same time as the adults were, watching the humans running up and down the stairs confuses them. \"What's going on mama?\" Jessie asked. Delilah looked at her daughter, \"I think the family is going on a trip.\" \"They're not taking us with them?\" Cody asked her next, but Chance was the one to answer for him, \"Of course they are son, they wouldn't want us to be alone in this old house.\" \"Yeah Cody, besides, you wouldn't want to miss out on the adventure they are about to embark, would you?\" Buffy stated. \"I….I guess so, as long as it doesn't lead to something dangerous.\" Cody pointed out, Buffy gave out a laugh, \"Dangerous? You're starting to act like Uncle Shadow now.\" \"I'm sorry, who's acting like me?\" Shadow intervened. This time, it was Chance who laughed, \"What the hell have you been doing to my kids Shadow? They're losing their sense of adventure.\" \"I didn't do anything, Cody here is just thinking of their safety, that's a good thing.\" Shadow remarked. Chance, who is apparently speechless for a moment, came up with a response, \"Come on, it's just a trip, what could possibly go wrong?\" \"I think I've heard that statement being tossed around a couple of times in the past, if you know what I mean.\" Sassy said. Everyone gave out a laugh, including the pups, who have heard all about the past adventures before they were even born. A few minutes later, Bob and Laura went down the stairs, keeping an eye out for anything that should be looked upon ( electric plugs, the gas tank, the lights, the iron, you know what I mean ). \"Well, I guess that sums it all up.\" Bob said, \"I think everything is fine.\" \"Aren't we forgetting something?\" Laura said. \"Not that I think of.\" Bob replied. Laura leaned closer to him and whispered something to his ear, none of the others were able to hear what she said. Bob let out a huge sigh, \"Should we?\" In which Laura defeated, he faced his kids, \"Alright, come on guys, lets feed the animals first.\" He motioned for his children to follow him. The kids called out to their pets, the animals quickly followed them into their usual eating spots. As they reached the place, the meal was already set, Bob was just standing there, smiling, \"Dig in guys.\" He said, then the animals quickly gobbled up their meals. A minute later, the bowls were clean as a whistle, only there was this strange feeling they were having. \"My food kinda taste different today.\" Chance mentioned. \"Yeah, so is mine, I don't remember it tasting like this.\" Shadow stated. \"Funny, usually I'd disagree with Chance, but it seems…..he's…..right.\" Sassy started to yawn. \"Whoa Sas, you just got up, you can't be that tired, I know I'm-.\" Delilah gave out a yawn as well. She wondered, \"This is strange, suddenly I feel so…sleepy.\" She lied down, and her eyes closed shut, sleeping on the floor. \"Delilah!, what's wrong?\" Chance approached her wife. \"Shadow,….do….some…thing..\" Chance just dropped by Delilah, sleeping. \"Chance!, hold on, I'll…get…he-.\" Shadow then fell asleep as well. Sassy was drowsy as well, \"Something….is…in the…food.\" She gave out another yawn, soon she joined the others in their state. The pups were the only ones left awake, for now. Jessie started observing the rest. \"There's something in the food, guys we need…to….stop…eat-.\" She fell asleep as well. The rest of her siblings were feeling drowsy already, \"Dude, what's….wrong with…her? Cody asked, but didn't get any response, he glanced at Diva and Buffy, they were all fast asleep, then again, so was he. \"I think I'm gonna lie down for a while.\" He thought, then he slowly fell asleep like the others. Bob and the kids stood there watching the animals fall asleep. Bob broke up the silence, \"Well, I didn't forget to give them the tranquilizers this time, that takes care of any running away problems.\" \"Do we really have to use those tranquilizers dad?\" Jamie asked. \"Well Jamie, if you ask me, I don't think we needed those, but, I don't wanna repeat the past events from happening.\" \"I hope they'll be alright.\" Hope said. Peter placed his arm by Hope's shoulder, \"Don't worry, they'll be fine. It's not like they're going anywhere.\" They all laughed. \"Well, not this time, perhaps.\" Jamie said. \"Come on guys, what are you waiting for?\" Laura asked. \"Okay guys, let's place the animals in the crates.\" Bob stated, in which the children followed. They went on to exit the house and into the car. Laura made sure everything was in place and locked the door. \"Hey guys, could you help me up?\" Bob asked. \"No problem dad, come on guys.\" Peter said. As they carried the crate into the back of the car, \"Man, they're getting heavier, next time we use those tranquilizers, we should make sure they're in the car already.\" Jamie stated. \"You done guys?\" Laura asked them. \"Yeah mom.\" Jamie said excitedly. \"GROUP PICTURE!\" Hope yelled, \"Oh right, everybody in their places.\" Laura ordered. She grabbed her phone and a monopod from her bag. \"Time for a family picture, selfie style.\" She slowly placed her phone to the monopod, and raised it high, \"On 5 guys.\" She stated. Everyone went to their places and gave out their best smile, until they heard the click from the phone. Laura looked at the picture and smiled, \"Now that's a keeper.\" \"Let's go, she's all prepped and ready.\" Bob referring to them and his car. They all got inside the car and headed for the road, all the way to the airport. They took Stan with them, so he could take care of the car while the family is away. They reached the airport in less than half an hour, they unloaded their baggage and the animals, \"Thanks for the help Stan, take care of the car for me, will ya?\" \"I'll treat the car like it was my own wife if you want.\" Stan replied. Peter handed him the keys and off they go. They made it out early, the Seavers have met with the adviser of their children's class, they were brought to the gates and their luggage and the animals were brought in the plane without trouble. The plane left at exactly 7:25 in the morning, the Seavers, just like the rest of the families on board, just sat and relax, the kids had their first flight where they don't have to worry about anything else. The flight took at least four hours, before they finally reached Jackson Hole Airport. They were waiting for their luggage to be given to them, along with their pets. Their stuff and pets arrived ten minutes after entering the Baggage claiming area. \"Dad, they're still asleep.\" Jamie said, \"I think you might've given them a little too much of those sleepers.\" \"There must be a mistake, I gave them very little. Maybe it'll were off in a couple of minutes.\" Bob replied. Peter joined the conversation, \"Yeah Jamie, maybe they're just having a nice dream. That's why they don't wanna wake up yet.\" \"I guess you're right.\" Jamie said. Laura checked the baggage, whether they were missing some things or not. \"It's all here.\" She confirmed. \"Let's go then.\" Bob said. They walked towards the exits of the airport and followed the advisers of the classes towards a bus which would lead them to the hotel they will be staying. Less than an hour later, they arrived at \"The Cody\", a hotel just outside the park. \"Welcome to the Cody ladies and gentlemen, kids too.\" The conductor said. All the kids rushed outside the bus, never minding that it was cold outside. All the parents and the teachers could do was try and slow them down to avoid any accidents or injuries. But unlike the other kids, the Seaver kids stayed put, waiting for someone to wake up. Luckily, it was starting. \"Hey Dad, I think they're starting to wake up.\" Jamie observed. The rest took a look at it and they too saw the animals slightly moving and opening their eyes. \"Uhhhh…where…..are..we?\" Buffy slowly moved his head. Slowly the other pups started stretching and moving in their crates. \"That….was one horrible tasting food, it made me drowsy.\" Diva stated. \"Cody, Buff, Diva, you guys awake?\" Jessie was confirming, \"What was that stuff?\" \"I don't know, but whatever it was, it wasn't meant to harm us, I think.\" Buffy said. Then the adults started to move, who were placed in two crates. The first one being Delilah and Chance, the other Shadow and Sassy. \"Where are we? Shadow?\" Chance asked the other, \"I have no idea, I haven't been to this side of the town before.\" \"Chance, stop moving, I'm sleepy.\" Delilah said with her eyes closed. \"Delilah, wake up, there's something creepy about this place.\" Chance said. This prompted Delilah to stretch her legs within the crates boundaries, \"If this is one of you pranks again, I swear you won't get anything from me for a week.\" Delilah warned. Chance started to sniff the air inside, \"What's that smell? It smells like a cat just let one out.\" \"I heard that butt sniffer.\" Sassy replied, finally awake. \"I'm glad they're awake, I thought we have given them too much of those sleepers.\" Jamie said. \"Well, now that they're awake, we can get them out of the crates and walk them to our rooms.\" Peter stated. \"Hey Dad, can we let the animals out now?\" Hope asked. \"Sure thing, sweetie, just don't let them out of your sight in this place.\" Bob instructed, Hope nodded in response. The kids slowly put a leash on their dogs, except Hope who just carries Sassy, Peter and Jamie helped each other, since they have more dogs to keep in line. Their parents went to the counter. As they reached their room, the kid's eyes widened with awe at how beautiful their suite was. They knew this was a once in a lifetime experience for all of them. \"Wow, this is probably the best hotel I've seen or ever been.\" Bob said. \"I think that goes for all of us.\" Laura said, \"Come on guys, we better change and rest for a while, I'm sure the trip was exhausting.\" \"We don't mind being up mom, we're gonna watch the animals too.\" Jamie said. \"How about this, you take a nap for one hour and I'll watch the animals?\" Laura offered. \"You sure mom? I mean, they're a handful.\" Peter tested. \"I'll be fine honey, I handled them every day. Now get some rest.\" \"Now that you said it mom, I think I'm feeling a little tired at the moment.\" Hope said, and picked one of the beds and lied down, \"Now, that's what comfortable sounds like.\" Peter and Jamie had their eyes on the double deck, \"Dibs on the top bunk.\" Peter said, before Jamie could finish his. \"Hey no fair, I wanted the top bunk.\" Jamie said. \"You snooze, you lose little brother.\" Peter mocked. \"Fine, you won't be so lucky next time.\" Jamie stated as he took the lower bed. The family settled in their suite, Bob began to fix all their stuff while Laura watches the animals. The kids took their naps, just to keep themselves rejuvenated for what the school has planned. (At the Hotel counter) The man on the front desk was tuning up his radio, \"This damn thing never works properly.\" As he was turning the knob sideways, faint voices were heard, \" Sto-…, Stay….Dan…\" The words were unclear, prompting the man to get more irritated with the radio, \"If you still don't work tomorrow, say hello to eBay.\" (Meanwhile at the San Francisco Weather Station) The communications engineer is having a hard time getting a clear signal, \"Sir, this storm is causing technical difficulties with both radios and the Internet, we can't get any messages through to Wyoming. The same thing goes to everything in the East, all communications are down. They won't know what's coming.\" He stated. \"We are trying our best, so far, no response from Wyoming, sir, or any other station within that area. Eveything in the eastern part of San Francisco has no clear response. Relays aren't working due to the the storm preventing signals from this end, sir.\" His co-worker said. \"Keep trying, don't stop! We have to find a way. Until then…God help us all.\" The manager said, as he now looks at a blizzard plagued San Francisco. So sorry for the delay guys, I've been quite busy for the past days and month. A little note on this chapter, originally I planned to release one chapter with most of the details, but I realized it will be too long for me to manage, so I split up the original chapter into two parts, this chapter being part one. The next will be out in….who knows when, just stick around and wait :). REVIEW![Chapter 12] Chapter 11: Bear Necessities December the twenty first, the now snow covered San Francisco, faced a lot of problems, no transportation, suspension of flights and the worst of all, all communications are down. Meanwhile, back at the weather station, the men-in-charge tried their best to boost the signal, just to send a warning to the path the blizzard was taking. \"Any luck guys?\" the head engineer asked. The men didn't say anything, they simply shook their heads, the head engineer gave out a huge sigh, he was frustrated and felt bad, who wouldn't be? He was trying his best to help people, and yet he felt so helpless and useless altogether. Suddenly, the sound of a car engine was heard, it was nearing the weather station. the other employees rushed down through their posts, \"What is that?, sir?\" The head engineer was still listening to the sound, slightly ignoring the comment of his employee, then the employee said, \"David, what do you want us to do?\" David then faced him and the rest, \"Open the gates, make a clear road for it to pass, If we're lucky, it could be Billy, the man I sent out before the storm. This is good news for all of us, hopefully.\" \"I don't understand sir, how is that good news? We're still stuck here fixing the damn arrays, without any way of communicating…..well…anywhere.\" Stated by one of the workers. David simply replied, \"Now that's the kind of mindset I don't need in this station.\" \"I'm sorry sir, didn't mean it that way, I'm just being realistic.\" The worker answered back. \"Well, now that you say it that way. I sent Billy out before the storm to fix some telephone lines on Station D.\" David said. \"What about it sir?\" asked by another worker. \"Station D contains vital communication devices which are used by the air force to communicate to other stations around the world. In short, gentlemen, it contains almost all kinds of advance communication device in the whole world. I asked Billy, to ask for one, just in case some cataclysmic event like this ever happens. I just hope the kid didn't forget to ask about it though.\" David explained. \"Okay, that's great news sir, but how can we use it? Most devices run in electricity, which we don't have since the storm jammed our generator. \" they asked. David gave out a smile, \"It's an advance device guys, it doesn't need any power source, it has its own power source, like a mini-generator within it. You all know what that means do you!?\" \"We can send any message we want without the use of any relays or power sources. We can finally get through to Wyoming!\" \"Exactly! What are you waiting for? Open the gates!\" David instructed and his employees followed. A few moments later, a covered Humvee arrived at the scene. As it stops, the doors open, stepping out of it, was a young boy probably aged between eighteen to twenty-four years old. \"Billy!\" David yelled. Billy simply faced his boss and grinned, \"I didn't know you missed me that much, sir.\" \"What took you so long, we've been waiting for you, well, the others forgot about it due to the blizzard striking us.\" David said. \"Who would be crazy enough to travel through a blizzard, I'm not Doctor Freeze for all you know.\" Billy replied, prompting a chuckle from David, \"You always had a good sense of humor. Do you have the goods?\" Billy opened the trunk of the Humvee, revealing the prized equipment, \"What do you think?\" David grinned, \"Let's get to work everybody, we still have a ways to go, calibrate everything in that equipment, we have to warn the others of what's bound for them.\" The guys simply nodded and did as they were instructed. David thought, \" God, I hope we're not too late. \" ( The Cody, the twentieth of December ) Jamie had just woken up after at least an hour and a half of slumber. Hope and Peter, unlike Jamie were still fast asleep in their beds, still seemingly tired. ( Well, who could blame them, right? ) Jamie glanced at them and smiled, \"See ya when you wake up.\" He went straight to the living room where dinner was already served at the table, Bob and Laura were dressed to the nines. \"Uh…What's going on?\" Jamie wondered. Hearing his voice prompted his parents to glance at him. \"Oh, hi honey.\" Laura quickly said. \"Hey there champ.\" Bob followed through. \"We were preparing for the dinner party set by the school, for the faculty and parents. They say it's a time to bond with them, well, without discussing children's performances for the first time.\" Laura finished and Bob followed with a light chuckle. \"Don't worry about it Jamie, you could have fun, we ordered dinner already, just in case you woke up and we aren't already here.\" \"Is it good?\" was all Jamie could ask. \"Never tried it yet, but from the looks of it, it seems mighty delicious.\" Bob replied. \"Well said, honey. Now we'll be back by ten o'clock, don't stay up late, alright?\" Laura said. \"Don't worry about me, I think I got it covered. Have a great time.\" Jamie said. His father smiled, \"You too sport, don't have that much fun without us.\" Then he blinked on Jamie before closing the door. The moment the door shuts, Jamie let out a huge grin in his face, like something great was about to happen. He heard voices after a few seconds, \"Are they gone?\" Hope asked through a whisper, just in case. He glanced at her and said, \"What do you think?\" Hope then went back into the room. A few moments later, Peter and Hope both got out, with their pets. \"Now that they're gone, we get to watch these. \" Peter said as he pulled out a bag. \"Whoa! These are really cool movies Peter, where did you get these?\" Hope asked. \"A friend of mine lends it to a friend who lent it to me.\" Peter then winked at her, \"So Jamie, you ready for this?\" \"I've been ready since yesterday.\" Jamie replied. \"What should we watch first?\" Peter asked. Jamie and Hope glanced at their choices, \"I like to try this one.\" Jamie said. \"You sure? The last time we tried to watch these kinds of films, you fell asleep out of fear. You left us watching it.\" Hope asked. \"Hey, that's not entirely true, I was just really tired that day.\" Jamie countered. \"Yeah, just like the other days.\" Peter added. \"Will you guys quit it, are we watching these thing or not?\" Jamie said. \"Looks like we got ourselves a bad-ass Pete, let's give him what he wants for a change.\" Hope stated, to which Peter nodded in agreement. \"Jamie, get the popcorn ready.\" Peter ordered. Jamie headed straight to the microwave oven while Peter and Hope prepared the living room for that night, a 50-inch flat screen television with all the snacks they can eat right at their very feet. Meanwhile, the pets are still fast asleep, after being pampered by Laura during the kids napping hours. All except for Diva and Cody. The two have been have been experiencing sleeping problems since the flight ( probably because their bodies aren't used to the conditions in that place, just maybe. ) Unlike Diva, Cody, did sleep a bit, but to him, it's like a a day or two has passed. As he got up, he spotted Diva, just sitting by the door. \"Hey, you're up first.\" Cody said. \"What do you mean first? I haven't even slept yet.\" Diva replied. \"What? But I saw you lie down, your eyes were closed for a long time.\" Cody stated. \"Let's just say I'm good at acting.\" Diva answered. The statement simply made Cody twitch his head, either out of wonder or confusion. ( We can never know ) \"What are you looking at?\" Cody asked. Diva replied, \"I'm not sure, it seems the kids are planning to do something. I saw their parents left. I think they're alone.\" \"Wanna check it out?\" Cody asked. \"You never told me you can read minds Cody, you really are a weirdo.\" Diva ended with laughter. \"Hey! I'm not the weird one in this bunch.\" Cody answered. \"Yeah, like eating bugs isn't weird enough for you.\" Cody didn't answer back on this one, he knew that he wouldn't win this fight, \"Let's go Codster, we'll miss whatever it is they're doing.\" Diva then trotted towards the humans. \"Hey Diva, wait up. What about the others?\" Cody wondered. Diva faced him, \"Let them rest, besides, it would be rude to wake them up.\" Cody nodded and followed his younger sibling as they approach the kids. The Seaver kids have been preparing the living room for movie time, Jamie bought all the snacks while Hope made sure that everything in the area is in order. Peter then saw the two dogs approaching. \"Well, look who we got here.\" Peter said. \"What is it?\" Jamie asked. \"Well, if you wanna know, I think Diva and Cody wants to watch the films with us.\" Peter responded. \"That would be fine. Where did Dad put the dog food? It's the only snack we can give them.\" Jamie asked. Hope answered, \"I think it's in the kitchen, I'll go see.\" \"Hurry then, I'm itching to press the play button already.\" Peter said. It only took a short amount of time before Hope found the dog's kibbles, she took two bowls of them, \"Well, I think it's enough for the both of them. Eat up whenever you want guys.\" Hope then placed the bowls in front of the two dogs. Cody approached the bowl and started eating a little bit, Diva followed shortly, she did feel like she could use a little wee snack. \"Is everyone ready?\" Peter asked. His two siblings just glanced on him, \"Just play it already.\" They said in unison. Hearing the response, Peter just grabbed the remote and played the film, which turns out to be The Nightmare on Elm Street . The Seaver trio seemed to enjoy the night, not only do they have the movies, they had each other as company and the snacks to keep them occupied while watching. Unfortunately, this doesn't go well for one of the pups. \"Hmm…so in order for this guy to kill or hurt them, they need to be dreaming.\" Cody observed. \"And to beat this bad guy, one must pull him out of the dream. Seems rather odd and impossible, what do you think Diva?\" When no response came from his sister he mentioned her name once again. Then he decided to face her, \"Hey Diva, what's-.\" He paused as he saw his sister just staring at the film with cold, blank eyes. He tapped her, \"Hey.\" She finally jinxed and snapped out of the trance she was in, \"Huh…What? What is it Cody?\" Diva asked suddenly. \"You tell me, you weren't answering when I was asking you some questions, Is something wrong?\" Cody asked her. Diva's thoughts were at confusion. As the film started, like any typical horror film, there is the one who gets scared and the one who scares. During the progression of the story, the antagonist ( Freddy ) kills his victim through a dream. The sight of death brought the image of Diva's dream right in front of her eyes. Only this time, things are a little different. Diva was running through the bushes, as she did, the sound of a maniacal laughter is heard, followed by the statement, \"You can't hide Diva! You can't run forever.\" Diva ran as fast as her paws could, the voices still present, \"That's right little girl! Run! Run til your paws can't move anymore!\" Suddenly, Diva was tripped by a tree branch. She slowly rose up, as she looked around she was in a light-filled place surrounded by bushes. She was panting heavily, she couldn't run anymore. She heard the sound of loud growls and laughter once more. \" What's the matter little girl, you tired!?\" Diva began to look around her to find where the voice was coming from. She screamed out, \"Who are you!? What do you want with me!?\" The response she got was more laughter, followed by, \"Nothing, I just want you to experience true fear, even if it means scaring you to death!\" The leaves of the bushes suddenly began moving all of sudden. Diva was trembling in fear, \"Show yourself! This isn't real! YOU'RE not real!\" \" Oh really? Are you sure?\" Then all of a sudden, a beast came out of the bushes, the same beast from Diva's dreams, same eyes, pure red and evil. Now, it has voice, which struck fear into the heart of the young Pup. Diva was silenced by the sight of the beast. \" What's the matter pup? Cat got your tongue?\" The beast said with an evil grin. \" I'm not afraid of you! You're just another bad dream.\" Diva stated. \"I wouldn't think so, can a bad dream do this!\" The beast suddenly slashed a tree, which ended up getting sliced from the middle towards the roots. \" Real enough for ya? How about this!?\" He dug his claws beneath the earth, with all his strength he pulled something out, a BODY. \" Recognize him?\" He asked Diva. She was shocked at the sight of the lifeless body, what's worse, her father's dead body. \" Papa? No…this is…it can't-.\" The beast threw Chance's lifeless body in front of Diva, who, was at that moment, filled with despair, which at that point made her cry hard. The beast simply smiled at her, \"I figured you missed your daddy, so I thought why not I give him back to you!\" \" You…you're a monster.\" Diva said while crying. \"Stop telling me things I already know little girl. Now, it's time for you to be with daddy.\" The beast rose up high, with his sharp claws, going for the kill. \"Diva?\" Cody broke the trance once more. \"Oh, don't worry about it Codes, I think I'm gonna sleep now, I did tell you that I skipped the nap. Good night.\" Diva stated as she trotted towards the other sleeping animals. \"Oh…ok, good night.\" Cody replied. So Cody was left with the kids, as they finished two more movies before finally hitting the sack. It was all quiet in the Cody the next morning. Laura and Bob seemed to have had a great time at last night's party. The kids were still asleep, after spending most of their time watching television. Long story short, it was one hell of a time for all of them. Laura prepared a mean brunch for the family. When everyone was full, Bob moved in to make an announcement. \"So kids, the school decided to have a tour at the park at around two o'clock in the afternoon, wanna come?\" \"I think that's one of the main reasons we went on this trip dad.\" Peter said. \"I speak for myself and my two brothers, we're coming with you.\" Hope answered. \"Glad to hear it, now-.\" Bob was interrupted by Jamie, \"Can the animals come with us dad?\" \"Oh I don't know about that son, I forgot to ask about that one.\" Bob said. \"Please dad? I don't wanna leave them in here, they could trash this place up or worse, they might try to get out again.\" Jamie pleaded. \"Well, uh…let's see. I think I'm gonna ask 'em.\" Bob assured. Everyone waited for the decision. To their relief, the faculty allowed the Seavers to take their pets in the tour later, provided they keep a close eye on the animals, since they were told that the school would not be held accountable if anything were to happen to their pets. (At the Radio Station) \"Are we all set gentlemen?\" asked David. \"We're ready sir.\" They answered. \"Fire her up!, send word to Wyoming, a storm is coming their way.\" \" God, I hope we're not too late. \" David thought. (Yellowstone National Park) The shuttles have entered the park. It was a fine day for snow activities. The children along with their families and their respective faculties arrived in good time, around ten minutes past two o'clock. The weather was fine, the skies were dimmed with clouds as white as snow, average wind speeds and snow at least four or five inches thick, based on their assumptions. The children began to play snowballs. Some are even building snow castles and snowman, anything to keep them occupied. \"They sure are enjoying themselves,\" A teacher mentioned. \"I can see that clearly.\" Bob said. Suddenly he was hit with a snowball, \"What the?\" Then he glanced on the culprits, who turned out to be his kids. \"Come on dad, join us, it's fun!\" Hope mentioned. Bob simply smirked, then formed a snowball, \"You better be ready then kids, I still throw like a quarterback.\" \"Bob!? Those are your kids, you might hurt them.\" Laura said. Bob faced her and threw a snow ball at her and some of the faculty and staff, he then smiled and said, \"Let the war begin.\" The children joined, alongside their parents and teachers, who are now in an all-out war. Meanwhile the Seaver pets are having some fun on their own, Chance here won't stop digging while his pups started play fighting in the snow. Sassy began chasing Buffy, \"I'm gonna get you, you little brat!\" \"I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry.\" Buffy said while he was running. \"What's with him?\" Jessie asked. \"He was digging through a huge patch of snow, then he began to play with Cody. They threw snowballs at each other, Buffy had a bad aim and he instead hit Aunt Sassy.\" Diva replied. Jessie laughed hard, \"I could've guessed the same thing.\" Now it was Diva who was laughing. The chase was halted once Buffy went behind his parents. Of course, Aunt Sassy was being the loudmouth she always was, until she finally dropped it since she knew that there was no point arguing with Chance, she'd just end up losing. \"It's okay now son, go play with your brother and sisters.\" Chance motioned for his pup to go back. Buffy quickly acknowledged his father and went along. They continued to play in the snow, it's freezing, but the pups surely don't mind, at least for a while. As they were chasing each other, they approached a dense area filled with trees, more like a forest, but near the area where the humans where. In the midst of their current activity, something caught their attention. The sound of tree branches breaking made Cody stop at the scene, \"Hey guys! Wait!\" They all stopped and went back to where Cody was. \"What's up dude, why'd you stop chasing us?\" Buffy asked irritatingly. \"I think I heard something from…right over there.\" Cody gestured. Everyone glanced at Cody's point of direction waiting for a sound, but none came. \"Well, whatever it was, I can say it's pretty much gone now.\" Jessie said. They were about to continue the chase, until the sound that Cody heard came once more, \"There it is!\" Cody shouted. Everyone faced into that direction once more, out of nowhere, a bear cub appeared. \"Hey look it's a-.\" Diva never got to finish, Buffy came charging at it screaming, \"Bear!\" \"Buffy no!\" Cody screamed as he saw his older brother chase down the young cub. They all ran after him, as he was entering the woods, \"Mama's gonna freak out if she found out about this!\" Jessie said. As they all ran into the woods, Shadow, by chance saw what they were up too. \"Chance! The kids!\" Shadow exclaimed. The rest of the adult animals faced in Shadow's direction, they all got a glimpse of who appeared to be Diva. \"Oh no.\" Delilah panicked. \"Come on guys! Let's go after them before we all get into trouble.\" Chance said as he came down barreling towards the woods, following the pups trail. He was shortly followed by the rest. \"Wait up! I'm not as fast as you guys, you know that right!?\" Sassy said, then she thought, \" God! Why do they always make my life a living hell!? \" Meanwhile, back at the shuttles, the driver was inside listening to the radio, just passing the time. He was humming to the music being played. \"Now that's music .\" He said, \"Let's see what else you got.\" He began to switch channels, until he stumbled on something. It sounded faint at first, but then got clear within seconds. \"What the hell?\" \" Hello, this is a message from San Francisco, a strong blizzard is about to hit Wyoming, stay indoors, don't leave the…stay safe, over and out. \" Then the radio turned static, \"A what?\" The driver was confused, then he heard from outside the shuttle, a sound of whirling wind, then he looked outside, to his dismay, a huge blizzard was indeed headed their way. \"Oh my God.\" The driver then rushed outside the bus, he knew it was too late already, but he wanted to try and save others. Meanwhile, the children along with the adults are still having the time of our lives, everyone haven't noticed that the winds have become stronger, except the Seaver kids, who were playing far from the others. \"Hey guys, when did the wind get stronger?\" She wondered. Peter and Jamie stopped the snowball fight, they too began to notice the unusual event that's happening. \"It wasn't this strong when we got here.\" Jamie said. \"Shadow! Come on boy, we have to go.\" Peter called out, but no answer came. Jamie followed, \"Chance! Where are you boy? Chance!?\" Hope began to call out to Sassy, but not even a purr was heard from the feline. \"Peter! Jamie! Hope!\" a voice called out to the kids, it was Bob. \"We gotta go! Now! We got a blizzard!\" \"Where's mom dad?\" Peter worriedly asked. \"Don't worry about her son, she had gone with the rest, they're going back to The Cody. We gotta go! The shuttle can't stay here for long, the storm's getting stronger every minute.\" \"But dad, we can't find the animals anywhere!\" Hope exclaimed. \"Chance!\" Jamie was still screaming for his pet to hear. \"Shadow! Sassy! Buffy!\" Peter began calling out the pups one by one. Bob was stuck in a crossfire, whether to help his kids and to keep them safe. \"I'm sorry Hope, we just have to hope for the best, but I have to keep you guys safe! Come on!\" Bob said. He called out to Peter and Jamie, Peter approached and began to follow, the wind was getting stronger, visibility was almost very low, up to the point that a Shadow couldn't even be seen in the light of day. Jamie was still calling out to his dog, not ready to give up yet, Bob just grabbed and carried him with them, \"What are you doing dad!? Let go of me! Chance is still out there!\" \"I know Jamie! But it's not safe, you could die in this storm, we have to go!\" Bob ordered him. Jamie was twitching and moving while he was carried towards the bus, \"I don't care, I'm not leaving them there!\" Jamie said with tears in his eyes, he was forcing his father to leave him, \"Let me go dad!...Chance!\" Bob and his kids reached the bus \"What the hell took you guys? Come on!\" the driver said. They all ride the bus now, the window wipers were set to the fastest speed possible. \"Hang on guys! This might get rough!\" The driver said. Jamie quickly opened up his window, neglecting the fact that snow might enter the shuttle, \"Chance!\" Jamie cried out once more, as the bus began to move away from the place. As the bus exits the park, the only word that Jamie said was, \"No.\" he was in tears. (Before the Blizzard struck, Animal's point of view) Buffy began chasing the bear cub, the cub simply kept moving, like he was being chased by a wild predator. \"Buffy! Stop! You idiot!\" Jessie said. \"Buffy, please stop running, we might get lost!\" Cody said. Buffy stopped, when the others saw him, they hurdled each other and bumped into Buffy, forcing a dog pile. \"Why the hell where you chasing that bear!?\" Jessie irritatingly asked. \"Do you have any idea if it's mom find out that you were-.\" Jessie stopped talking, as she realized her worst case scenario was the one happening. \"Oh Crap!\" She said. The mother bear let out a huge growl, enough to scare the pups, \"Run!\" Cody started. The rest followed, they ran as fast as their paws could, praying that the mother bear would just get tired and leave them be. \"You just have to chase the little bear, didn't you?\" Jessie went on, 'I'm sorry alright?, It's not like I knew this would happen.\" Buffy replied. \"Yeah! You just have to make it happen.\" Jessie answered back. \"You sound like Aunt Sassy! We're fine, it's not like we were hurt or something.\" Buffy said. \"Does this look fine to you?! We're lost!\" Jessie replied. \"Guys, stop fighting, we have to figure out a way to get out of here, if you haven't notice the wind just got stronger.\" Cody said. It calmed down the sibling fight for a while. Meanwhile, Chance and the others began following the trail of the pups, \"What were they thinking? Running into a place like this without us? Chance muttered. \"I just hope we find them soon Chance, I wouldn't forgive myself if anything bad happened to the kids.\" Delilah said. \"Don't worry Delilah, we'll find them.\" Shadow assured. \"Yeah, it's not your fault.\" Sassy said. Chance barked, followed by Shadow and Delilah, to try and find the kids, who in turn could follow the sound of their barks. (Back at the pups) \"Hey, you guys here that?\" Diva asked. All of them twitched their heads at where the sound was coming from, it was a bark. \"It's Papa! He's here! Come on, let's follow the barks.\" Buffy said. For once, his siblings followed him. As the barks grew louder, they knew they were getting closer. \"I think where near, let's bark so they can hear us too.\" Cody suggested. They all barked simultaneously. (Back at Chance and the others) \"You guys here that?\" Chance asked. Delilah quickly said, \"It's the kids! I'm gonna follow it.\" \"Let me come with you.\" Chance said, but he was topped by his mate, \"No Chance, you need to stay here, In case some wild animal attacks, you are the only one capable of defending Sassy and Shadow.\" Delilah said. \"But-.\" Chance was stooped, \"No buts Chance, this isn't a game, stay here. I'll get the kids back, don't worry about me! I'm used to this.\" Delilah said. Feeling defeated Chance simply nuzzled his mate, \"Just be careful, alright?\" Chance said. Delilah simply nodded and dashed. She began running and screaming out the name of her kids, one by one. \"Buffy! Jessie! Cody! Diva!\" She screamed as she was running. Luckily, she heard something answer back, \"Mama! We're right here! We're coming.\" She recognized Diva's voice quickly, she dashed off in that direction. She found them all, safe and sound, running towards her. She nuzzled each one of her kids, \"Don't you ever do that again, you hear?\" Delilah was almost in tears. \"I'm sorry mama, it was my fault.\" Buffy stepped up. The wind was getting stronger every second, \"It doesn't matter anymore, we have to go back to your father. I don't like what's happening out here.\" Delilah and the kids quickly dashed back to where Chance and the others are. The wind and snowfall have gotten stronger, visibility was low. As Delilah slowly approached their meeting spot, she began to call out for the others, \"Chance! We're here!, Where are you?\" She didn't receive any response, until after a few moments, \"Delilah!\" Shadow called out. Delilah looked at Shadow, \"Follow me, Chance found a place to stay for a while, we won't be able to head back in a time like this.\" Delilah nodded, \"Come on kids, follow uncle Shadow, I'll be right behind you.\" The winds grew stronger, the pups grabbed each other's tail, and the lead pup grabbed Shadow's tail. Delilah thought, \" We'll be alright guys, as long as we're together. \" Well, there you have it guys, sorry for the long delay, it was really hectic at school lately, plus, due to the fact that when I was making my story, I was only thinking about the plots for the middle and last parts, I haven't considered the beginning at that time, I thought no one would like the story. Anyways, hope you like this one, see you all soon...real soon :)[Chapter 13] Chapter 12: Lost The bus driver was trying hard to get everyone back to the hotel safe, \"Hang on guys! I can't see clearly in this damn weather.\" He was driving like all hell was breaking loose. A lot of bumps on the road, the passengers worried, thinking with that kind of visibility that they would have an accident or something. Jamie had a confused expression written all over his face, hard to tell whether he is angry or sad. Peter noticed his little brother facial expression, he placed a hand on the young one's shoulder, \"Hey, it's gonna be alright, they'll be fine.\" Jamie didn't show any kind of reaction to what Peter was saying to him, all he was thinking about were the animal's condition, how were they in this weather? Are they safe? \"Yeah Jamie, they're strong and smart, they'll find a way to get back to us.\" Hope reassured. (That still didn t go well.) Jamie looked away from his siblings, \"We shouldn't have left them there, they won t stand a chance. We should've waited longer.\" He said coldly. \"You wouldn't know that Jamie, it was dangerous out there.\" Peter said. Jamie narrowed his eyes, \"And I suppose you would've known?!\" \"Jamie I'm not saying it was right to leave them there, but what choice do we have?\" Peter replied. \"I wouldn't have given up that easily.\" Jamie said coldly. The shuttle finally arrived into the Cody's entrance, where lots of hotel staff are ready to assist the passengers back inside the hotel. The head of security was the first to arrive at the scene. As soon as the bus doors started to open he quickly got in, \"Everyone! Please follow me! we're gonna go in groups of five. Now, form your group, then walk towards me.\" Bob was the first to stand up, \"We'd like to go first.\" The man nodded. Bob and Laura gathered their kids and went out in the cold towards the hotel, the winds were really strong that day, if it weren't for the staff, it would be very difficult just to get out of the hotel, more or less, get back in. It took them nearly thirty minutes, to get everyone inside the hotel. Everyone was in a state of panic and dismay, \"Why the hell would you let us out there while a storm is approaching!?\" One person screamed out in anger. \"What were you thinking? We have kids for Christ's sakes!\" Everyone had their personal complaints. The manager of the hotel was having trouble trying to calm the people inside, \"Everyone! Please! Calm yourselves!\" which proves ineffective. Then a woman approached him, based on the way she dresses, it looks like she is part of the hotel staff. \"Sir, this just came in from the fax.\" She gave the piece of paper she was holding in her hand directly to the manager. The manager curiously took a look at it and began reading. After a few moments of reading, the manager gave out a huge sigh, \"It's alright, they were only an hour late.\" He crumpled the warning note that was sent to them, apparently late. The crowd still going nuts over the matter, with one last once of voice, he grabbed the microphone by his side and screamed out, \"Everyone please!\" This caught the attention of everyone inside, then he continued, \"Calm yourselves! Alright!?\" The crowd was finally quiet, ready to listen to what the manager has in response. \"Good. Listen, I know what everyone's thinking about this incident. But! believe me when I tell you, we didn't know what was coming, we had problems with our communications as well, even San Francisco had these problems. I just received their warning note, which came an hour late, apparently.\" \"So what should we do?\" one woman from the crowd asked. The manager gave a huge sigh, \"As of now folks, there is nothing else we can do. We just have to wait until the storm clears out. In the meantime, nobody goes out of this hotel. Not until me and my staff says that it's alright to go, is that understood?\" From the crowd, nods were seen by the manager, he took it as a YES . \"Alright, everyone get back in to your respective rooms. Again! Nobody leaves this building unless I say so.\" As the crowd scattered and moved to their respective rooms, the manager gave out a huge sigh of relief, \"Well, that went better than expected.\" \"What do we do now? Sir\". A member of his staff asked him. \"The only thing we can do, wait out the storm and keep everyone inside this hotel safe.\" The person gave a quick nod and went downstairs to help the others. Then the manager took a deep breath, \" God help us .\" As if it was a whisper. (The Seaver 's Room) As Bob and his family entered there room, it was clear that there was tension rising among them, especially Jamie. \"All right guys, I know what you are thinking right now... and...I just wanna say-.\" But before he could've finished, Jamie just dashed into his room and slammed the door shut. Bob them turned to his other children, \"Pete, Hope, I know what all of you are thinking, because that same thought has been running through my mind since the blizzard struck. I didn't want to leave Chance and the others behind, but what choice do I have? You were also in danger. As much as I wanna try and save everyone, I could only choose a few, in the end I chose you .\" Bob began to feel as if he was about to cry, then Hope gave her an unexpected hug. \"It's okay dad, we understand. I guess I can just say as a person, we can't avoid getting hurt, especially after an event like that .\" Peter closed in on them, \"She's right dad, like you said, we can't save everyone, but that doesn't make it any better for us, we still ended up losing Shadow and the rest. The best thing we can do now is hope for the best. In the meantime, I think we should give Jamie some time alone.\" Bob nodded in response, \"Don't worry guys, we'll find them. As soon as this storm calms down, we'll head out and look for them.\" (Somewhere in the blizzard) Shadow was having a hard time navigating through the rough blizzard, with Delilah and her pups close behind them. \"Don't worry kids, we're almost there, we're close, I think.\" Shadow said. However, the blizzard didn't make it easy for them. It would be easy to get lost in such conditions. The first thing on Delilah's mind was how they were going to get to Chance, it felt as if everything was going against her and the pups. But still, she continued to hope, after all, it brought her to Chance a year ago. She guided her pups into the blizzard. \"Shadow, where is he? Are we close yet? I don't think the pups will last another minute in this storm!\" Shadow glanced at her, \"I can't tell, I can barely see anything in this storm. I can't even give out a bark, my throat aches.\" Then it hit her, a bark , she thought, \"That's it!\" She took a deep breath and gave out a loud bark, one of the loudest she could muster. She tried harder, but moments pass, no answer was given. \"Delilah, save it, we must keep you and the pups safe, and it ain't gonna happen unless we get out of this storm.\" Shadow said. For Delilah, it's hard to give up, \"We have to try Shadow, I won't give up.\" She continued to bark louder, waiting for an answer. \"I admire that spirit of yours Delilah, but sometimes we have to do what's right and right now, the right thing to do is to get out of this storm and find shelter.\" Shadow explained, Delilah showed a look of sadness and defeat, then Shadow continued, \"We're not gonna leave him behind, we can look for him when the storm clears up.\" She realized he was right and gave out one last bark, she waited, then after a few moments, she faced her pups, \"Kids! We're gonna find our own shelter for now, the storm's getting worse, we gotta keep you safe!\" \"What about Papa and Aunt Sassy?\" Diva quickly asked. \"I tried to reach him honey, so far, we don't have any other choice, we could die out here, we need to find shelter.\" Buffy approached his mother, \"I'm not leaving without Papa.\" He put his foot down. Delilah stared at him, \"Now's not a good time to play the ringleader Buffy, I don't wanna leave too, but I don't want us to die either. I don't wanna make mistakes that will cost us our lives.\" Buffy bowed his head in defeat. Delilah and her pups approached Shadow one more to find a temporary shelter for them. Suddenly, a bark was heard, echoing through the blizzard, Delilah stopped in her tracks, her ears listening closely, then the bark was heard one more. \"It's Papa!\" Jessie screamed out. Delilah began to bark again. The baka began to grew louder, as if they were getting closer to each other, then she heard it. \"Delilah!\" Chance screamed out. She barked loudly, \"Chance! Over here!\" Out of the blizzard, a shape began to form, Delilah knew who it was, she motioned for them to follow. They met once again, Chance have his wife and pups each a nuzzle, \"Come on! Let's get out of this place!\" He led them through the blizzard, from his point of view, they saw a cave, they quickly approached it, Delilah and the pups were the first to enter, followed by Shadow and Chance. As they entered, they were greeted by Sassy, \"What took you guys so long?\" Shadow didn't know what to say, same old Sassy , he thought. The animals laid down to rest, the pups slept between the adults to keep themselves warm.\"We're gonna be fine guys, as long as we're together, We're gonna be fine.\" Chance said. Everyone else were slowly falling asleep, except for Buffy, his mother's words kept running again and again in his mind, \" Now's not a good time to play the ringleader Buffy. I don't wanna make mistakes that will cost us our lives. \" He looked away from the others, he sniffed, a single year felt out his eye, \"I'm sorry, it's all my fault.\" He whispered. Alright, now that my hectic schedule is over, I have the whole summer to try and finish this story. I won't deny I had a little writer's block though, Again, thanks for all those who show their support through adding this story onto their favorites list and posting reviews. :). For that, I have an announcement! As of now, I have been working on my Lion King story, that's right! Although, it won't be entitled \"Lion King\" if that's what everyone's thinking. As of now, I can't give out any details about it, wouldn't wanna spoil the surprise. Since I owe you for the late release, I'll give out the title. Stay tuned for, \"The Chronicles of the Lion: The Lost Souls\". Oh, and don't forget to leave a review guys, let me know what you think about this newly released chapter.[Chapter 14] Chapter 13: Broken Family Hello there my friends, sorry if I haven't updated this story on time, some problems came up. One of them in the form of a busted computer with an irreplaceable motherboard. It took me a while to get used to writing my story on my 4-inch smartphone. I hope you guys understand. Again, thanks for your unending patience and support. Don't forget to review/comment, you can rate it personally. Here we go! \"Man, this is tough.\" Chance thought , \"For those of you who lost track, well, we're lost again. This isn't like before, this isn't the mountains, and it's not the city. We're in something worse than that, we probably don't know where we are right now, plus that blizzard really took a toll on us, my kids and my wife are beat. We were lucky to be alive, thank God for that. I'm just glad we're all safe.\" Change was suddenly interrupted I'm his thoughts by Diva. \"Papa, are you okay? You seemed disturbed.\" She said. Chance gave his daughter a light nuzzle, \"Papa's fine kiddo, why don't you lie down and rest? You'll need your strength for tomorrow.\" Diva sighed, \"I can't sleep Papa, I'm scared, and this storm keeps me up. Can I stay and watch guard with you?\" Diva asked. Chance looked at his daughter; her eyes were being for him to consider it. He smiled, \"Maybe for a while, but promise me that you'll get your rest, deal?\" Diva smiled, \"Deal!\" Chance and his daughter stood guard and watch while Shadow, Sassy and the rest of his family sleeps. Chance started the conversation, \"So kiddo, anything bothering you tonight?\" Diva's eyes widen, \"Nothing Papa, what makes you say that?\" She asked. Chance chuckled, \"Hey, I'm your father, remember? I think I'd know if my little girl has something on her mind even when you're asleep.\" A small voice popped on Diva's head, \" Go on! Just tell him about the dream already, maybe he help! \" But Diva decided against it and simply thought of another idea which she could tell her father. \"Umm... the thing is papa... I'm worried about us. What if we can't get out of this? What if we're stuck here forever? What's gonna happen to us?\" She started crying a bit. Chance did his best to try and comfort his daughter, \"Shh... Hey, look at me. We're gonna be fine, as long as we're together, as long as we're a family, we'll all be fine. Papa's always gonna be here for his little girl. I love you kiddo.\" Finally, Diva was able to calm down a bit, she smiled, \"Thanks papa, I love you too.\" Chance have her daughter a quick nuzzle, \"That's my girl. Now, I think it's time you have that rest, don't you think?\" Diva gave out a loud yawn, \"Yeah, I guess you're right. Aren't you gonna sleep with us papa?\" \"Somebody needs to keep watch over us, we don't know what kind of animals are out there, and they could be a danger to us. Besides, your uncle Shadow's too old for this kind of job.\" \"I heard that Chance.\" Shadow said with his eyes closed. Both of them chuckled, \"You should get your rest too Chance, we're gonna try and get back to our humans tomorrow. I'll take this time to watch.\" \"You don't have to Shadow, I can handle it.\" Chance said. Shadow stood up and faced Chance, \"That wasn't a request Chance. I'll take this, you go ahead and rest with Delilah.\" Chance groaned, but finally gave up on arguing with Shadow, \"Fine old timer, I'll give you this one, but if you see trouble or even feel it. You wake me up, got it?\" Shadow chuckled, \"If there's trouble, I'll be waking Delilah up, then Sassy, then you .\" This last remark made Diva laugh. \"Oh man, look what you did you golden oldie, now my own kids laughing at me.\" Chance started. Diva stopped laughing, \"I want laughing at you papa, you guys just made me feel a little better, that's all.\" Chance smirked, \"Heh... that's what I'm here for kiddo.\" Shadow rolled his eyes, \"Good night you two.\" Chance and Diva glanced at Shadow, \"Good night.\" They said in unison. Chance approached Delilah quietly and lay down beside her. Diva went to the place where her siblings were sleeping. She was about to sleep when she heard a sniffing sound, she looked around and saw Buffy moving in his sleep. \"Buffy? Are you alright?\" She asked. Buffy wiped up his face quickly, \"What? Oh nothing sis, just cold, that's all.\" Diva looked worryingly, Oh, okay, we could all TRY squeezing next to each other, it could help with the cold.\" Buffy looked back at her, \"Yeah, sure, we could try that.\" Buffy moved closer to his brother and sisters, \"Are you sure you're okay Buff?\" Diva asked again. \"I said I'm fine, alright? Just let it go.\" Buffy said. Diva was shocked at the way her brother answered, she proceeded to lie down. \" Clearly there is something bothering him, I could tell. \" She thought. \" Nice going Doctor Who, you could tell, huh? But you still refused to tell your dad about your problem. \" A voice in her head told her, \" Just stay out of this, alright, I can handle this.\" She replied. Her other voice scoffed, \" Yeah, I can see that clearly. \" Then everything went quiet, all of them asleep, while Shadow stood guard and watched over them and their surroundings. Out in the cave, across the distance, beyond a dog's eyes can see, A creature stood, watching the cave where Shadow and the rest were spending the night. The creature growled, revealing its mouth, filled with razor sharp teeth, the kind of which is used to tear through meat. Eyes glaring red. Then, it left, without a trace. Back at the Cody, everyone is contained within the vicinity of their rooms. The manager was making sure of it personally, just to make sure everything is at their proper places. \"Sir, the staff can handle this one, you should get some rest, when's the last time you had some sleep?\" A female staff member asked. \"I'm grateful for your concern, but with our current situation, sleep is the last thing in my mind. These people depend on me for something good to happen, I won't disappoint them. I can't disappoint them.\" \"You're a good man sir, I'm honored to work for you.\" She said. \"Work with me.\" The manager corrected. \"Okay sir, it's nice to work with someone who can keep his cool that way. If it were me getting hammered by those words, I wouldn't know what would happen next.\" She stated. \"Well, years on the job prepared me for this. You know people, when playing the blame game. It's very hard for you to manage if you don't keep your cool. The thing you need to keep in mind when you have this job, is that when people are scared, it's your job to show them the way, even if they treat us like nothing at all.\" He said. \"I think it's just a load of crap. No offense sir. We're the ones doing our best to help them, all they have to do is cooperate. The last they could do is give us the respect we deserve.\" The manager simply laughed at this, \"I couldn't agree more. Unfortunately, not everyone embrace the concept Respect begets respect. \" The woman laughed, \"That saying should be engraved on a plaque and placed in the hotel entrance.\" The manager smiled, \"I'll think about that. Now, I need you to help the others on checking the rooms on the upper floors. Can you do that for me?\" \"I don't think that's a problem sir.\" She answered. \"Thanks, now, if you'll excuse me, I'll need to check on the...umm...\" He checks the list he was holding, \"Seavers.\" The two of them spit up, the manager knocked on the room and was met by Bob. \"Good evening Mr. Seaver.\" He greeted. Bob shook his hand, \"Uh, good evening, you can call me Bob.\" The manager chuckled, \"Okay Bob, is your family complete? Everyone alright?\" Bob nodded, \"Yeah, we're fine. All five of us.\" \"That's good to know, now, is there anything you need, anything to make your stay comfortable?\" He asked. Bob shook his head, \"Oh no, we're good, we just got our food from one of your staff. It's alright.\" \"Okay then, Bob, we'll check on you again, if you need anything-.\" He was interrupted by Jamie, \"Excuse me, when can we get out of the hotel? How soon can we go?\" \"Go? I'm sorry son, but the way things are going on out there, I can't really tell.\" The manager wondered, \"Why do you want go out, may I ask?\" \"Our animals are out there mister, that's why.\" Jamie answered. \" Your animals? \" The manager asked in return, then his face turned from Jamie to Bob. \"Our pets got left behind, we were in a hurry.\" \"Oh, I'm terribly sorry. Unfortunately, no one is allowed outside just yet. That storm will kill anyone outside.\" He said. Jamie face turned sad at the answer, the manager didn't know what to say. Jamie didn't say one more word, he left and headed out to their rooms. Bob, looking worried, \"Can I have a minute?\" The manager nodded. Bob exited their room and closed the door behind. \"Listen, I need your help.\" The manager looked at him, \"What is it, sir?\" Bob cleared his throat, \"I want you to look out for our animals, as soon as the storm weakens. I'll come with you if that's what you need.\" \"You said they were animals, weren't they?\" He asked. Bob nodded, \"Yeah, one golden retriever, an American bulldog, a female Kuvasz, four puppies and a Himalayan cat.\" The manager wrote down what Bob said, \"Where were they last seen?\" Bob answered, \"Where the kids were having their field trip, at Yellowstone National Park.\" The manager shook his head slowly, \"With all due respect, Bob, but the chances of finding them are slim to none, the entire park is covered in thick blankets of snow as we speak. We also have wolves and other wild animals to worry about.\" \"You think I don't know the odds? I just wanna try looking, I'm doing it for my son, who right now, is still hoping to get the animals back. I just need your help, that's all.\" The manager sighed, \"I'll see what I can do, you have my word Bob.\" Bob smiled, \"Thanks, Mr.?\" \"Well, since we're on a first name basis, it's Stephen.\" Bob nodded, \"Thanks, Stephen.\" Bob entered the room, and Stephen bade him good night and proceeded to check on the other guests. As Bob entered their room, he was greeted by Laura, \"So, how did it go?\" Bob sighed, \"I talked to him, well, he said he'll see what he could do as soon as the storm weakens, but beyond that, nothing.\" Laura could feel the frustration on Bob's voice, \"Look, you did everything you could, we just have to wait now and hope for the best.\" \"This isn't like last time, we didn't leave them in a farm, they're not lost in the city. They're stuck out there, in a blizzard doing God knows what.\" Laura gave her husband a hug, \"They're gonna be fine, I can feel it. They got lost a lot of times and they always find their way back. Let's just hope they can do it again.\" \"You believe so?\" Bob asked. Laura was surprised of the question, \"Don't you?\" Bob began to shook his head slowly, \"No, no, it's not like that.\" \"Then what is it like?\" Laura asked. \"This is different, the odds are against us.\" Laura began to speak up, \"Well, we can't just give up, what about the kids? You know how much their pets mean to them.\" \"I know that! That's why this is hard for me too. Honey, I'm at a loss here, what if they don't come back?\" Laura's face turned slightly red, \"Don't you dare think about that! Not at this time!\" Laura answered. \"That's not what I meant! I'm just trying to tell you that we should look into it as a possibility.\" Bob reasoned. \"Do you even hear yourself?\" Laura asked, \"It's like you want me to tell the kids to give up on this, because it's a lost cause.\" The argument continued on for a couple minutes, little did they know that Jamie wasn't asleep at all, he was quietly listening since his father went back inside their room. \"Alright! I'm sorry, can we just... forget we ever talked about this? Clearly the situation is affecting us all. Let's give it a rest, and let's talk about the things to do in the morning.\" Bob suggested. \"You're right. Okay, let's give it a rest, I'm sleeping in the room, and you're sleeping in the couch.\" She said. \"Honey, please, I said I was sorry.\" Bob pleaded. \"Would you prefer it the other way around?\" She asked. Bob didn't give an answer, Laura proceeded to their room, grabbed a pillow and gave it to Bob. Both of them greeted each other good night and slept separately, for the first time. As soon as Bob had a shut eye, Jamie quietly entered his room, where Peter and Hope are fast asleep. As he lie down, he muttered a few words, \"Don't worry Chance, I won't give up on you and the others. If they won't help me, then I guess I'll have to do it myself.\" And that's the end of the Chapter, well, The good news is I've got quite used to using my phone, the only bad news is it's very time consuming. Since my computer crashed, I've been writing my story's chapters on my doodle pads. so you could expect to get the next two chapters in a few days. Once again, if you enjoyed this chapter, feel free to let me know what you think. Give a review; rate it or whatever you like. If there are mistakes spotted, please let me know immediately. Au Revoir![Chapter 15] Chapter 14: Eyes Set To Kill The Cody, it was the twenty-first of December, early morning. Jamie was the first to wake up among his siblings, and at the earliest time possible. It was just almost 6:30 in the morning as he got ready to get out of bed, remembering what happened last night. The first thing he did was check what was happening outside, so he looked through the windows, it was still snowing. Afterwards, he proceeded to wash his face and got ready. As he exited their room, he saw his mother cooking breakfast. He was so silent as he approached her, Laura didn't even here his footsteps, so the minute she turned around and saw him, she was somehow shocked, or rather startled. \"Oh! Honey, you're awake. I didn't expect you to be this early. Breakfast is still a couple minutes away.\" \"It's okay mom, I'm not hungry yet.\" He took a glance around their suite, \"Where's dad?\" Laura continued to cook, \"He went out to find the manager, and I think he wants to have a word regarding the animals. He wanted to know if it's alright to organize a search party for them. He would've taken you with him, but I guess he thinks you're pretty much blaming him for everything, so he decided to go out for a while.\" She said without looking at him. Jamie having heard their argument last night tried to act like he didn't know anything about it. \"Oh, about that, I'm sorry about it.\" He heard his mom sniff, \"Mom? Are you okay?\" Laura looked at him with and did her best impression of a smile, \"I'm alright honey, just a little problem, that's all.\" \"Okay…can I go check on dad? I just wanna talk with him.\" He said. \"Sure, but you better hurry back up, breakfast is almost served.\" Jamie suddenly asked, \"Why are you cooking mom? We could've just ordered room service and saved you the trouble.\" Laura gave out a chuckle, \"I don't know, I just felt like I wanna make breakfast, reminds me of home. Now run along, you told me you were going to see your father.\" Jamie went out of their room, having no idea where to go in the first place, he headed towards the hotel lobby. As he approached the counter, he was met by the person-in-charge, a woman. \"Well hello there, you look lost.\" She said. \"Yeah, kind of.\" Jamie answered. The woman smiled back, \"Well, if that's the case, how may I be of service?\" \"Umm...I was looking for my dad, my mom told me he went to speak with the manager of the hotel.\" He answered. \"I don't know anything about your dad young man, but if it's the manager you're looking for, he's outside the hotel, inspecting for property damage and stuff. It's probably where your dad is too.\" Hearing this, Jamie nodded at the lady and thanked her. As he went outside, Jamie was able to get a glimpse of what happened in the outside. Thick blankets of snow covered almost everything outside, a lot of people trying to help out in removing the excess snow blocking the road. It took Jamie only a moment to spot his dad, who was talking with the manager, apparently. \"Are you sure there is no other way around? It's a good thing to start looking for them while the weather is not so bad.\" Bob suggested. \"I'm sorry Bob, I'd like to help you, I really do. I promise you we are going to look for your animals as soon we are finished clearing the path towards the hotel, it's the only way we can get these people out of here safely.\" He replied. The manager then left him to tend to the job, while Bob stood there, dismayed. \"Dad?\" Bob recognized the voice immediately. \"Jamie? You're up early.\" He saw the look on his son's face, \"Listen, Jamie, I'm sorry about what happened the last time, I just want you to know that we're doing everything we can to find the animals as soon as possible.\" Jamie could tell, from the look of his father's face, he was telling the truth, he smiled. \"I know dad, I know. If the search starts, can I come with you?\" Bob thought about it for a moment, \"If the area is deemed safe by the manager, then yes, you can come if you like.\" The two shared a hug, \"I love you, Dad.\" Bob smiled, \"I Love you to champ. Now, let's go back to the room, your mom's meal is probably edible by now.\" The two of them walked back through the Cody's entrance, Jamie took a glance behind, \" Hang in there Chance, we're coming. \" The sun rose up, light piercing the skies, and into the cave where the animals dwell. Shadow had been watching over them until daylight arrives, as he looks at the rest of his company, he seemed satisfied that even at this age, they still count on him. Shadow moved from his spot and proceeded to wake them up. \"Come on guys, get up, it's morning already.\" Chance began to moan in his sleep, \"Cut it out old-timer.\" Shadow gave a sigh, \"Great, a dog who acts like a pup.\" Then an idea suddenly hit him, he proceeded to where the pups were sleeping. He moved closer to them, and whispered to their ears, \"Hey kids, its breakfast time.\" The first one to wake up from the bunch was Cody, \"Breakfast? Where!? Come on guys, breakfast!\" Slowly, the other pups began to move out of their sleeping place. \"Cody, what the hell bro.\" Buffy muttered. He began sniffing for their acclaimed breakfast, \"I don't smell food.\" Shadow chuckled, \"That's what we're going to find kid, and we're going hunting.\" Jessie face grew with excitement, \"Really? Hunting? I'd love to do it Uncle Shadow.\" Shadow smirked, 'Me too Jessie, but sadly, your dad doesn't feel like doing it, well, and you know I'm too old to hunt alone, I'd need help just to show you.\" Jessie glanced at her father, \"Leave it to me; I'll make sure he gets up.\" \"Come on guys! Let's wake up papa so we could start hunting.\" Jessie tried to get them moving. At first, the other three just looked at each other. \"Come on! What's the matter with you three? Don't you wanna try something new?\" Jessie asked. \"It's fine to me Jess, what are we waiting for?\" Cody asked, they all nodded in reaction. They all bolted to their father screaming, \"Papa! Papa! Papa!\" They were bouncing all over Chance's body. \"Hey, cut it out guys! I'm still sleepy.\" Chance was trying to get them off his back. \"But it's breakfast papa! And I'm hungry!\" Buffy screamed. The pups continued to try and get their father up until he gave in, \"Alright! I'm up, I'm up.\" Chance slowly got up and stretched his muscles, then he gave out a huge yawn. His kids have finally settled down. He looked around, \"Where's your mom and aunt?\" \"They're already outside, waiting for us, Uncle Shadow simply told them that we're gonna be looking for food, they quickly got up.\" Diva said. \"Is that so? Well, we best not keep them waiting then.\" Chance replied. The pups cheered and headed straight outside the mouth of the cave, where Shadow was waiting for them. \"Ah, I see you finally got your father up kids, well done. Now, wait with Delilah and Aunt Sassy, we'll be out in the wild soon, best keep yourself warm in this weather.\" As the pups passed by Shadow, Chance stopped by his side, \"Well played old-timer, well played.\" Shadow chuckled, \"Indeed.\" Even though the storm has passed, it didn't help much in their search for food, the lake is frozen which means that catching fish is out of the options. \"Sassy, check it out.\" Chance pointed out. Sassy looked over there, what she saw both amazed her and made her afraid. \"Do you think you could-.\" Chance stopped as he receives a cold look from Sassy, \"Absolutely not! With a capital N-O-T, not. If you think I'm crazy enough to get across a waterfall just by jumping on stones, you're insane. Not to mention those huge bears that might kill me.\" \"Right, just asking.\" Then he thought, \" She's still afraid of water and heights, at least I know. \" Shadow looked around, \"Well we won't have any luck in the waters, might as well try the woods.\" Chance and the rest looked through the trees, \"It's dangerous in there Shadow, who knows what's in there, and couldn't we just try somewhere else?\" Sassy asked. \"Well, we don't have much of a choice, it's going to be dark and cold later, and I don't want to sleep on an empty stomach for another night.\" Shadow answered. \"Yeah Sassy, come on, it's just the woods, you're not afraid are you?\" Chance taunted. \"Me? Afraid? Not a chance, I'm just concerned for the others. What about you? Gonna chicken out like you did in the city last time?\" \"Hey, I didn't chicken out, I was being a distraction just for you guys to safe.\" Chance answered. \"Right.\" Sassy rolled her eyes. \"Better get them ready Chance, we're going in there together, that means no splitting up or unnecessary business, we could get lost inside.\" \"I'm on it Shadow.\" Chance went towards his family, \"Alright guys, we're planning to track food inside the woods, we're gonna stick together, so if anyone's gonna do their personal business, better do it now.\" The pups didn't move, and then it was Buffy who spoke up, \"We're good papa.\" Chance looked at Delilah, \"Don't worry about me, I can handle it. As long as we're together, nothings gonna happen to us.\" Chance gave nuzzled her cheek and she licked his in return. \"Alright kids, into the woods we go then.\" They all went to Shadow and Sassy, together, they proceed to enter the woods. As they enter the woods, there was uneasiness in Shadow's feelings, the same goes for Delilah. The ground was cold. They continued walking, hoping to spot something edible, at least something to fill their stomachs with. Shadow began sniffing, hoping for any kind of scent. He stopped at his tracks, he heard very faint footsteps. \"Hold up.\" Shadow said. Everyone stopped, Chance went on by Shadow's side, \"What is it? Why are we stopping? Did you find food?\" Chance asked. \"Be quiet, I heard something, very faint, like footsteps. I have the feeling that someone's watching us.\" Shadow and Chance took a look at the place, hoping to spot something, but no one was seen. The pups were standing by their mother, Cody began looking around too, then, out of the corner of his eye, he say a grey figure, hiding by the trees, with light blue eyes looking to where they were. \"Over there!\" he screamed. Delilah was the first to look, \"What is it Cody?\" \"I think I saw something over there.\" Delilah looked to where Cody said, \"I don't see anything in there Cody, maybe it was just a deer or something. Whatever it is, it's gone now.\" Cody was still intrigued, he was sure it wasn't a deer, no deer has eyes like those, no deer looks like that . \"Seems we're all in the clear, let's keep moving guys.\" Shadow said. The others followed him and they continued looking for food. But they were still unlucky, so far, not a single source of food. Shadow began sniffing once again, he stopped as his nose picked something up. \"I think I smell food nearby.\" Shadow said. \"Well, it's about time we found something.\" Chance uttered. Shadow followed the scent while the others followed him. They were going deep in the woods, but Shadow could feel the scent getting closer. He suddenly stopped, \"Guys, hold it!\" Chance moaned, \"What now?\" He didn't get any answer from Shadow because the answer was lying in front of him. His eyes widened, Delilah walked by the front to see what the commotion is, she was shocked at the sight, it was a deer, a dead deer. \"Kids, look away, now.\" Delilah went back to her kids. Sassy went up to the front next, \"Oh my God Shadow, what happened here?\" Shadow moved closer to the dead deer's body, eyes still open, but no life in them. Bite and claw marks all over its neck and body, \"What happened to him?\" Chance asked. \"Whatever it is that did this to it, they're gone now. He probably bled to death, based on the injuries.\" Chance started to think out details, \"Let's say you're right Shadow, they let this one bleed to death, and we happened to cross by it. Doesn't it seem odd?\" Shadow looked at him, \"What do you mean Chance? Where are you getting at?\" Chance glanced at the dead animal once more, \"Well, it's the first time I've seen a predator not going after its meal.\" That phrase made Shadow worried, \"You're right, Sassy, Delilah, we're moving out, now.\" \"But uncle Shadow, I'm still hungry.\" Buffy moaned. \"Don't worry Buffy, we'll find food later.\" Chance promised his son. \"Let's go, we gotta get out of this place.\" Shadow said. As they were preparing to leave, a loud noise pierced through the air, a howl. \"We better hurry up, let's go!\" Shadow began running away from the direction of the sound, the others followed, \"Stay with your dad kids, I'll stay in the back to make sure no one gets left behind.\" Delilah said, her children picked up speed, \" We can't risk getting separated at a time like this .\" She thought. They continued to run away, but they weren't getting anywhere out of the woods, they were lost, again. \"Shadow, where are we?\" Chance asked. \"I thought you said we were supposed to get out of the woods? I didn't know you meant deeper into the woods.\" Sassy said. \"That's actually not helping us Sassy, we were on the run. That sound might've been a signal to whoever is looking for that deer. I just led as away from them.\" \"Well, it certainly didn't show us the way out of this place, and now I think we're lost, again.\" Sassy explained. \"Don't worry, we'll find a way out of this place, there's always a way out.\" Shadow assured. The pups on the other hand were shivering, it was snowing once again. \"I'm cold mama.\" Diva said. \"Come here, all of you.\" Delilah motioned for them to come close to her, \"Stay in between the other adults, it'll make it less cold, hopefully.\" Luckily she was right. Now they're both lost and hungry, but luck seems to be on their side this time. Near them was an unfrozen body of water, out of the corner of her eye, Sassy saw something move.\" \"Fish! Over there!\" She screamed. Their gazes were now at her alone, as she ran near the water to try and catch food. She first touched the water's with her paw to test its temperature. \"Whoo! It's cold, but not too cold to grab food.\" She began to look for any sign of fishes in the water. Her timing was perfect, just like before. A single swipe from her paw, and the fish was out of the water. \"Eat up, kids, I'll try to catch some more.\" The pups cheered, \"Oh boy! Finally!\" Cody muttered. The kids began to take their share. Shadow began to follow Sassy's lead and help her catch more fish as possible, since they have gone all morning without food. So far, so good, everyone managed to eat. \"Hey Sassy, not bad.\" Chance said. \" Not bad ? Really? That's the best thank you line you can come up with?\" Sassy asked. Shadow just didn't mind the two, \"Alright, as soon as we're done, we'll find a place to rest for a while, then we find a way out of here. It wasn't enough to last them a day, probably a few hours. As soon as they're done, they started moving once again. The snow was getting thicker, and they were feeling colder, so far, they haven't found shelter yet. Now that they're out in the open, a lot of things could happen to them. Not to mention other hungry animals looking for something to eat. Jessie and Buffy were up front, followed by Cody and Diva. They were looking at different directions to try and help the adults find shelter. As Jessie turned to her right, she saw a snow covered hill, but it wasn't the hill that caught her attention. She could've sworn she saw something move in the snow, something that blended perfectly with the snow. \" Never mind those, you're probably just seeing things because of the weather. \" She told herself. They continued moving through the woods, hoping to find a way out. Chance was with Delilah, watching out for the pups. He began to notice something faint in the ground, \"Shadow, wait.\" Chance said. \"What is it?\" \"Paw prints, look.\" Shadow began to check where Chance was pointing out, \"That's one big paw print.\" He noted. \"I wonder what animal made it, must be huge for-.\" He was interrupted by Chance, with a worrying tone, \"Umm…Shadow, I think…I've found our mystery animal.\" Chance was looking straight ahead. Shadow followed Chance's sight and saw an animal that they have encountered once before, a huge cat as Chance used to call it, a mountain lion looking for food. Shadow and the beast had looked at each other straight in the eyes. \"Everybody calm down, it's just staring at us.\" Shadow did his best to stay calm. Diva, on the other hand, remembered her dream about a beast. Out of fear, she suddenly bolted in the other direction. \"Diva!\" Delilah screamed. The mountain lion saw the young pup run and began to engage her. \"Run! Chance screamed. \"Go after her Chance! That thing's gonna kill her!\" Delilah called out. All of them ran in the direction Diva went, while being pursued by the beast. \"Keep running! It's getting closer!\" Shadow screamed. Diva was beginning to slow down, her strength fading, she was growing tired quickly. She stopped as she met a dead end, the bottom of a boulder. \"Diva!\" She heard her mother call out to her. \"Mama!\" She called back. \"What were you thinking? You think we can outrun that beast? You could've gotten hurt.\" Diva said. \"I'm sorry mama! I was scared.\" Delilah nuzzled her, \"It's okay honey, you just had me worried, that's all.\" They were shortly followed by the Chance and the others. They were all tired after that chase. \"You think we lost him?\" Chance asked Shadow. \"I think so.\" Shadow replied. \"I think not.\" Buffy answered, as he saw a brown furred beast emerge from the trees. Delilah stood her ground, \"Kids, stay behind me! If I tell you to run, you run, got it?\" The pups didn't answer the question. The thought of leaving their parents against the beast is unbearable for them. Shadow and Chance stood in front of Delilah, \"You better think twice before harming my wife, cat, cause this dog's not about to let that happen.\" Chance said. \"I may be old, but I'll do anything to protect this family. Get ready Chance.\" Shadow uttered under the influence of a low growl. Sassy, stood by their side, \"I'm a cat, but it doesn't mean I'm on your side.\" She called out to the beast. The three adults began to show their teeth, ready to defend. The beast began to approach them, slowly. It's looking for any weak point that it may use. It was almost upon them, when a loud howl was heard, which sounded awfully close. The beast began to look around the area, confused by the sound. It's face suddenly changed expression, and without reason, it left. The three adults began to wonder, \"So, all it takes is a loud howl to scare a huge cat? Weird.\" Chance stated. Shadow began to wonder too, it had them cornered, why would it leave all of a sudden? Chance began cheering victoriously, as if the battle was won. Jessie looked around too, she didn't believe it could be that easy, she saw something move in all sides of the woods, \"Umm…papa…I don't think it's over. Shadow approached the position at which the beast was. Then he faced the others. From that point of view, he could see the reason why the beast left, it couldn't face this kind of threat alone. \"Chance! Keep quiet.\" Shadow ordered. \"Why?\" Chance asked. Everyone looked at where Shadow was looking, so Chance followed. The top of the border had four wolves in it, teeth showing up. Light growls could be heard from them. \"Mama, there are others in the trees as well.\" Cody said. Delilah looked over, and sure enough, there were wolves surrounding them in every direction, gray wolves and white wolves alike. It looked like an entire pack. One of the wolves from the boulder jumped down, \"Well, what do we have here? A couple of strays lost in the woods.\" The wolf said. \"Yeah, looks like dinner is served guys.\" The other wolf from the ground said. Chance placed himself between the others and the wolf, \"You'd have to go through me before you harm a single one of them, wolf.\" He said. The other wolves stopped in their tracks. The wolf from atop the boulder finally spoke, \"You can understand us, how can you understand us?\" \"What's the matter? Haven't you seen a dog before?\" Chance asked back. \"How dare you talk to the Alpha that way!?\" the other wolf screamed. The three wolves on top looked at each other, \"Stand down, everyone.\" The leader called out. \"We don't harm pups, nor those who care for them. Take them with us.\" \"What? Take them? What are you thinking Oda? We can't do that! Who knows what trouble these creatures will cost us. I ask you to reconsider.\" The wolf who was previously on top of the boulder suggested. \"And I'm telling you now, Hunter. Take them with us.\" The wolf called Hunter looked at Chance with disgust, \"Yes…sir.\" Oda then took a deep breath and have a loud howl. Oda then proceeded to look at Shadow, \"Cousin, come with us. We will give you a place to stay. Weather's getting worse by the hour.\" Oda said. \"That's very kind of you, sir, but why are you doing this?\" Shadow questioned. \"I'm afraid you have no choice but to trust us, don't you?\" Oda answered. The wolves began to move, while the pets are enclosed in the middle. One of the wolves beside Oda whispered, \"You do know what you're doing, right?\" Oda smiled, \"Don't worry Shang, I've seen this moment in my dreams.\" All of them began the journey towards the wolves' home. \" I hope it all goes fine .\" Shadow thought. Well, as promised. :) This is the second chapter this month. The third chapter is still undergoing certain revisions and grammar corrections. I hope you like this one, as always, don't be afraid to rate, review or leave a suggestion. Any mistakes spotted in the Chapter, you can tell them to me immediately so I can correct them. Enjoy![Chapter 16] Chapter 15: Relatives of the Past The animals are now walking amongst hunters, \"Man can you believe this? We escaped that big cat once again, only to find ourselves in the company of wolves.\" Chance thought. \" We couldn't find the way back to our humans, we practically lost our way back to the cave where we were sleeping, and now we don't know if we are being rounded up for dinner. Well, whatever's going on in Shadow's head, I hope he knows what he's doing. \" \"You look troubled cousin.\" The wolf beside Chance said. \"Huh?\" Was all Chance could say. \"Is something bothering you? Is the journey making you feel uncomfortable?\" Chance began to think of what to say, \"No, I'm good... uh... what's your name by the way? I never really got it the first time.\" \"I am Dax, son of Max. That's my father. What about you, cousin?\" Dax asked back. \"Umm... It's Chance.\" Chance answered. \"Just Chance? Who is your father?\" \"I never really knew him; I'd prefer we don't go into that subject.\" Chance said. Dax thought he had offended Chance, \"Oh, forgive me cousin; I didn't know you don't want to talk about it. I just got curious, that's all. This is my first hunt with the pack, and it's also the first time I've met one of our cousins.\" Chance's eyes widened, \"This is your first time to meet a dog?\" \"Well, yes, actually. It's also my first time to see your feline companion, the one that looks like the cougar we chased out.\" Chance cleaned at Sassy in the front, \"Oh that? She's a cat.\" Dax thought, \" Cat? What kind of animal is that? A descendant of the beast, maybe? \" \"I see, you have a weird pack cousin. But how can you understand wolf tongue?\" Dax asked. \"I don't know. We just could. Why?\" Chance replied. \"It has never happened before, usually our cousins couldn't understand us, you must've had a wolf in your family, or you must be really special that Master Oda wants to take you with us.\" \"Yeah, I've been wondering that myself to, why is that?\" Chance asked. \"It must have something to do with the-.\" Dax was interrupted by the wolf known as Hunter, \"Zip it Dax! We do not share wolf insights to their kind. You know better than to do such a thing, scout ahead.\" Chance saw the fear in Dax's face as he answered, \"Yes sir, I'm sorry sir.\" Dax did as Hunter ordered, \"Talkative fool.\" Hunter said, and then his rage-filled eyes became fixated on Chance, \"Keep moving, dog.\" Then Hunter caught up with Oda and the others upfront. Chance began to have this uneasy feeling that a problem would arise with this wolf in the near future. He quickly approached Delilah, who was watching over the pups while being escorted by the wolves. \"Hey, Delilah.\" He whispered. \"What?\" Delilah asked. \"I don't think us running with them is a really good idea.\" Chance replied. \"Why do you think so?\" She asked again. \"That Hunter dude looks trouble, he has been eyeing us like we're the scum of the world.\" Chance explained. \"Just ignore him Chance, you think we have a choice? We can't just bolt now. We're literally surrounded by a pack, not to mention the children's condition in the snow. At least one of them seems reasonable.\" Delilah said, then turned her face towards Oda. Chance had to agree, if Oda wanted them dead, he could've had them killed before. \" I guess one of them is bound to be good. \" Chance thought. Shadow began to walk towards Oda, who was obviously the leader of the pack. As he got closer, two wolves from the sides blocked his way. One of them was a gray wolf with green eyes, while the other is a white wolf with sky blue eyes. \"What are you doing, dog?\" One of them asked. \"I'm sorry, I just wanted to speak to your leader.\" Shadow said. \"The alpha isn't someone you can just talk to, so if I were you, back off.\" Said the other wolf. \"Let him speak. I don't think it's not without significance.\" Oda said. The two wolves looked at each other, \"Rex, Chad, get back into your positions.\" Oda ordered. The two wolves immediately followed the order, and Shadow was free to approach Oda, \"Now, cousin, what is it you would like to ask me?\" Shadow approached him slowly, \"Were you following us back there?\" Oda looked at him, \"Well, if you would like to know, we weren't, it was mere faith that our paths have to cross, and the timing was impressive.\" \"Wait a second, faith? You scared that beast away.\" Oda chuckled, \"No one in this part of the world thinks they can face an entire wolf pack, even a beast of that kind. Unless it suddenly gets huge as a bear.\" \"So why did you help us?\" Shadow asked again. \"Something tells me you still have a part to play in this world just yet. In addition to that cause, you carry pups with you. It is not the nature of our pack to attack young ones, especially in this kind of weather. Not to mention your current condition.\" Oda answered. \"I see, well, it doesn't look like everyone agrees with you bringing us with you.\" Shadow said. Oda chuckled, \"Are you referring to Hunter, cousin? He's always been like that, protective and vigilant, considering that he is next in line of being Alpha. His experiences alone would make him suited for the role, but he's still missing something, that's why I'm still the leader of the pack.\" \"I wonder what that is.\" Shadow joked back. \"Sadly, I have not the heart to tell. Even Hunter refrains from it, all I can do as Alpha is respect his decision.\" Shadow got the point, even he would admit nosing around other people's lives without them knowing would be impolite. \"Thank you, sir, for helping us out.\" Shadow said. \"Please cousin, call me Oda.\" \"I'm Shadow, by the way.\" Shadow introduced himself. \"It's good to have you, Shadow.\" Oda welcomed him. The pups were beginning to fall behind, they were hungry and tired. While Delilah was talking to Chance, Buffy began moving along with his siblings. It was starting to get windy once again, as if the storm is gathering strength once more. He approached his brother, \"Is it me, or did the wind just got stronger?\" Cody felt it too, \"The wind did get stronger Buff, but we can't let that stop us. It sure isn't stopping these guys.\" \"Well, what did you expect big brother ? They're wolves.\" Jessie said, \"Don't you remember the story? They're like our distant relatives; they were the ones who chose to stay in these parts of the world.\" Buffy was caught up with thinking; he accidentally bumped one of the wolves upfront. \"Hey, watch it kid!\" The wolf said. \"I'm…I'm sorry, I wasn't looking.\" Buffy replied. The wolf had gray fur, a scratch mark above his left eye. \"Maybe if you keep your eyes on the path, you would've avoided bumping me.\" Buffy didn't know what to say, suddenly a white wolf with yellow eyes appears beside him, \"Come on Baz, give the kid it break, he didn't meant it. Besides, I doubt you were even hurt by that.\" She said. Baz looked at Buffy once more, \"Watch yourself kid, Lea won't always be around to help you out. Keep your eyes open all the time.\" Baz then moved at a quicker pace. The wolf, now known as Lea started walking again, and was followed by the pups. \"Thanks.\" Buffy told Lea. \"It's nothing, what he was doing was unnecessary.\" Diva walked towards her, \"You're very kind miss, I hope there are others like you on where we are going.\" Lea simply laughed, \"No wolf is the same, I'll tell you that.\" \"You must be pretty good in hunting for you to be included with the hunting party.\" Cody noted. Lea looked at him, \"Good eyes, kid. I hate to brag, but yeah, I'm pretty good, but it wasn't an easy ride for me. I had to work my way into the ranks of guys .\" She paused and glanced at Diva and Jessie, \"If you know what I mean.\" The two pups laughed. \"As I was saying, being a girl doesn't mean you can't do what they do. I actually passed master Oda's test and got a position in the hunting party. Good thing Hunter took me in good, he taught me all the tools of the trade.\" \"Hunter?\" Buffy asked. \"Yeah, he's the one leading the hunt, even though master Oda's present, he has told us many times how good Hunter is when it comes to hunting, he made him the wolf-in-charge.\" Lea explained. \"Isn't that the wolf who threatened to eat us?\" Diva asked. Lea smiled at her, \"Don't worry, Hunter doesn't act against the Alpha, it's wolf law. He just doesn't like strangers, even if it's our distant cousins.\" \"He sure hates us very much. The way he looks at papa, it seems like he was going to bite his neck.\" Jessie said. \"He's just not very fond of others, but you don't need to worry about that.\" Lea defended. Oda suddenly stopped the pack's movement, \"Hold!\" he looked through the distance and saw something approaching, it was Dax. \"Master Oda, strong winds approaches; we may not be able to reach the pass in time.\" Dax said. Oda nodded, \"Thank you Dax.\" Oda then faced the pets and his pack, \"Everyone listen up! We're going back to the place where we set up our hunts, it should be safe enough for us and our cousins and their female companion. Hunter will lead the way.\" \"Okay, everyone follow me. Dax and Lea, you take care of the freeloaders and their friend. Baz, make sure no one from the other packs is following us. Chad, you and Rex are on hunting detail. Now, let's move out!\" Hunter instructed. Everyone carried out their assignments, Dax and Lea had the easiest one, \"Cousin, just follow our lead and we'll protect you.\" Lea told Chance. \"If you say so.\" Chance replied. \"Come on kids, stay close to each other now. Just like before.\" Delilah said. Shadow help round the pups up, and they all followed the pack. As snow began falling harder once again, the winds began to grow stronger too. Luckily for the animals, they had a good guide, or in this case, guides. They have stayed out of the danger zone and into the safe zone, where the wolves apparently plan hunting strategies and other things. It was a place surrounded by tall trees, which are seemingly powerful enough to block the strong winds. The volume of snow was particularly low in this area. \"Good job Hunter.\" Oda praised him. Hunter simply bowed to him. Baz followed shortly after, \"Hunter, it seems none of the other packs have followed us. I checked it up twice.\" \"Good going Baz. Now, where are Rex and Chad?\" Hunter asked, as he begin to do a head count. \"Let's not worry about food yet, there is still some food left from the previous hunt, let's let our cousins take a bite first.\" Oda said. \"What? You're letting them eat the food that we hunted? You must be raving mad Oda, what have they done to deserve such gesture?\" \"Control yourself Hunter, you are in the presence of my guests, and I will not tolerate that attitude towards them, do I make myself clear?\" Oda asked. Hunter knew it was against the law to go against an Alpha, especially Oda, he simply nodded and walked away, he was shortly followed by Baz. Oda then walked towards Shadow and his company, \"Well, Shadow, as you are my guests, I shall give you the opportunity to have the first bite. Though technically it was the leftover from the first hunt, but it should be enough to give you and your friends the strength they will need the next day as we take the journey home.\" \"Thank you Oda, that means a lot.\" Shadow replied. Oda smirked, \"I would very much like to know your companion's names Shadow, if they wouldn't mind.\" Seeing us Oda has showed them enough kindness, Shadow thought he could trust him, \"Guys, Oda would like to meet you.\" Chance, Delilah, Sassy and the pups walked towards him. \"Hi Oda, I'm Chance, and this is my wife Delilah.\" He gestured. \"Nice to meet you two, are these your pups?\" Oda asked. \"Yes, the one with the patch on his eye is Buffy, that's Cody. These are our girls, Diva and Jessie.\" \"They're adorable, I'm honored to meet you.\" Oda said. \"The honor is all ours, sir.\" Cody answered. Oda was impressed, \"You're too polite, Cody. Do not worry child, I'll make sure that doesn't go unseen by others.\" \"I'm Sassy, by the way, not that anyone's asking.\" Sassy said. Oda looked at her and bowed, \"Nice to meet you Sassy.\" Chance laughed secretly, \"Way to go Sassy.\" He whispered in her ear. \"Hey, it's not like I did anything wrong.\" She explained. Two wolves dragged a dead carcass with some meat on it and dropped it in front of Oda and Shadow, Oda nodded at them as a way of thanking them, and they left. \"Eat up, cousins!\" Oda declared. Shadow's eyes widened, it was the same deer that they saw earlier, \"You killed this animal?\" Shadow asked. \"It's a different world out here Shadow, nature and the goddess Kira has laws that govern us differently. But enough about those, you must be hungry, I'll let you eat this carcass in peace. There is a small cave over there; you may stay there if you wish to rest.\" Oda then left them to join the other wolves. \"Well, looks like dinner's served, let's go guys.\" Shadow was starting to eat part of the dead deer's carcass. \"Shadow, what are you doing!?\" Chance asked. \"Well, it's disrespectful in our part to decline an offer from someone who has been generous to us the entire time.\" \"You're seriously eating that deer that they killed?\" Chance asked again. \"Well, if you don't want too, it's fine. It kinda tastes like hamburgers to me.\" Shadow explained. Chance looked at his pups, they were thinking the same thoughts as him, whether they are going to eat this poor deer's body of not. But after a while, hunger took over. Chance sighed, \"Let's eat up kids.\" Shadow, Chance and Delilah first took a bite out of the deer. Delilah began to notice Sassy wasn't eating, \"Sassy, you're not eating?\" \"I'm fine, I think I'll hold for a while.\" Sassy said. Delilah took a large chunk of meat from the deer and gave it to her pups, \"Here you go kids, just don't mind the taste, it's slightly bitter.\" \"I feel sorry for the deer.\" Diva said. \"Well, at least we won't go hungry now, I'd prefer us being alive and well.\" Jessie said as she took a bite, the others followed her lead. \"Spoken like a true wolf.\" Buffy remarked. \"Coming from you, I'd take it as a compliment.\" Jessie said. All the pets had their fair share of the meal, but one thought came to Chance, \" This has got to be the craziest adventure we have ever been. \" As they were eating, Hunter was watching them from a distance, \"Hey Hunter, why aren't you eating?\" Chad asked. \"I'm not hungry. I want you and Rex to keep an eye out for our guests .' Hunter said. \"That's going against the Alpha's orders Hunter.\" Rex said. \"He never said I couldn't watch them, he simply said I shouldn't do anything stupid, and I'm not. I'm just being cautious.\" He answered. \"About what?\" Chad asked. Hunter gave a light growl, \"About them .\"[Chapter 17] Author's Notes: Hey guys! First off, I would like to welcome returning readers. Welcome back MeleeMaster1, it was nice to see a familiar face once more. Secondly, the reason I was out for a long time is due to school activities and the Death of a dear friend :'(. Damian, you'll always be missed. It's just been really hard to write a story about dogs if your dog passed away, it really took a toll on me. But now I'm back, and I made a promise that I'll see this story through the end, and so I will. Read on! Chapter 16: The Mountain Pass The night passed as quickly as the storm raged on. Luckily, it died out the next day. Chance and the rest of the pets were given a place to stay by Oda, along with two companions who would serve as their guards as they slept through the night. \"Oh...cheeseburgers...hotdogs...pizza...\" Chance was muttering words in his sleep, he wasn't even aware that Dax and Lea were already awake, watching him on the spot. \"Strange words from our cousin, Lea. I wonder what those are.\" Dax said. \"I think hotdogs maybe our cousins, or maybe another relative of ours, such a weird name for dogs, the rest of it, well, who knows.\" Lea replied. Dax began looking around the area, observing his surroundings. \"We better wake them up, Master Oda intends to travel while the weather is still in good condition.\" Dax said. \"Good idea.\" Lea replied. \"Psst…Cousin, wake up.\" Dax begun, but he eventually gave up on Chance. \"He's one heavy sleeper, we should try to wake up cousin Shadow.\" Lea tried licking Shadow's cheeks to see if he would respond, to her surprise, Shadow quickly opened up his eyes. \"Good morning Lea.\" Lea simply nodded in response, \"You must get up cousin, we will be moving soon, tell your pack to prepare themselves, it's gonna be a long way from here to our home.\" \"Okay, thanks for telling us. We'll be with you shortly. Tell Master Oda thanks for the shelter he provided.\" Shadow said. \"We will cousin, Dax and I shall inform Master Oda, then we will accompany you to the meeting place.\" Shadow nodded and they were off, he began waking up the others, which was fairly easy, except when it comes to Chance, Shadow had to drag him out by the tail before he started screaming, \"Okay! Okay! I'm awake, just let go of my tail!\" Sassy snickered and walked by Chance, \"Seems like Shadow is still strong enough to drag you into anything, literally .\" \"Man! I couldn't even get to finish my private rest now, It's still early Shadow, why would you wake me up?\" Chance asked. \"Well, you proved difficult for Dax, which is a whole new level of heavy sleeping for you, the fact that you managed to get a wolf to leave you alone to sleep.\" Shadow answered. Chance shook his fur, making most of the snow fly on different directions, \"Why are they in a hurry anyways? What's the matter, their mates would bite their heads off if they're late?\" Chance retorted. \"I don't know, but I don't wanna get left behind in this place, or in this weather.\" Shadow replied. Chance got together with Delilah and the kids. Sassy approached Shadow, \"I hope the kids don't end up being heavy sleepers in the future.\" Shadow smiled, \"Yeah, I know you couldn't handle another Chance.\" Then they both chuckled and regrouped. Shortly, Dax and Lea came back carrying something in their mouths. \"Good morning everyone! Here is a quick snack for the journey home, compliments of Master Oda himself from the earlier hunt.\" Dax said. \"Oh man, we would've love to join you guys hunting.\" Cody said. Chance began chuckling and shaking his head slowly, \"He's just kidding.\" Chance quickly said. But Dax spoke as if he didn't hear him, \"Maybe when you are bigger little one, wolf hunts can be very dangerous at times.\" Then Diva came in to the conversation, \"We're not that old, we're actually…um…how old are we again mama?\" She turned toward her mother. \"Let's see.\" Delilah began to think about it, then her eyes widened up, \"Oh! My word! You just turned seven months old today, we got separated from our humans almost two days ago, that I forgot. Happy seventh month kids!\" She nuzzled her pups one by one. After the affection filled moment, Diva faced Dax again, who was just staring at them, \"See mister? We just turned seven months, we're not that young.\" Dax chuckled, \"We shall see child, in the end, it's up to Master Oda who gets included in the hunt.\" Dax and Lea then proceed to eat their share of the meal. Chance and the rest began to eat theirs, although Sassy looks more like she was forced to eat it, being a cat and all. \"Now that I think about it, wolf food isn't that bad,\" Buffy muttered, \"What are we eating by the way?\" He asked. \"It's squirrel meat kid.\" Lea answered. Buffy then suddenly stopped chewing and swallowed it whole, \"Oh man, I just ate a squirrel!\" The rest of his siblings just laughed at him, \"Well, at least it's not vegetables.\" Cody said. As they continued eating, Lea said, \"Hey Shadow, what's being with a human like?\" Shadow looked at her, \"Well, it's like having your own best friend. My human, Peter, he was always there to take care of me, and in return, I take care of him too.\" \"And this… Peter, what else does his do?\" Lea continued. Shadow continued, \"Well he takes me to walks, we go to the park, we play Frisbee-.\" \"Frisbee? What is that?\" Lea interrupted. \"It's some kind of game, more like catch.\" Shadow answered. Then out of nowhere, another voice popped in the conversation. \"So, you serve these…\" All of them followed the source of the voice, it was Hunter; and he continued, \"Killers…these humans … and they give you rewards like food, then they play with you. Shameful.\" \"It's not like that! Not all humans are like that!\" Shadow defended. \"Well, forgive me for disagreeing… cousin , all humans may not be like that yet, but in the end, they're all killers, monsters.\" Chance just had enough of the insult Hunter had been throwing at humans, especially their humans. \"Hey man! If you can't say anything nice at all, why don't you just do us all a favor and shut that mouth of yours!\" Hunter glared at Chance, \"Did you just give me an order? Dog ?\" He exposed his sharp teeth to everyone. Chance did the same, \"You looking for a fight, wolf ? I'll give you one right here!\" Just as things were beginning to heat up, Dax and Lea stood in the middle, \"Stop! Please! Master Oda does not wish for conflict.\" Dax said. Chance and Hunter still growled at each other, \"Sir, please, we shouldn't cause trouble, Master Oda's orders-.\" Lea was interrupted by Hunter grudgingly, \"I know what Oda's orders are Lea, you need not mention them. Never interfere again, I won't be so lenient next time, even with you protecting them.\" He turned his back and began to walk away. \"We will be leaving for the pass now, bring the dogs with you.\" He said without looking. \"Yes, sir.\" Lea answered. After he disappeared, \"What is that guy's problem!?\" He screamed out. \"He's acting like a big jerk! Not only does he insult us, he had to go as far as insulting humans! Our humans!\" Delilah approached him, \"Chance! Calm down, just let it go.\" Chance faced her, \"I can't just let it go , somebody needs to stand up to that jerk and shut him up! We're better off with him gone!\" As Chance said those words, something happened which shocked him and the others, he suddenly found himself pinned down in the ground, claws sheathed, by none other than Lea herself. From Chance's point of view, he could see Lea's teeth, as if ready to take the life out of him. \"Don't you dare say that Chance! I know he may be unfriendly sometimes, but he has done a lot for our pack, especially to me! So don't you ever say that it'll be better if he's gone! Understand!?\" Chance began to feel fear, as if giving the wrong answer might be the end of his life. \"Okay! I'm sorry alright? There! Can I get up now?\" Lea slowly let him up, if she was still mad, she didn't show any sign of it after letting Chance up. \"Man, you guys have a lot of problems regarding your temper.\" Lea simply chuckled as Chance approaches the other adults. Lea began to round up the kids, \"Why'd you do that to papa?\" Jessie asked, who was not impressed at what she saw. \"It wasn't meant to hurt him, I just needed to send a message.\" \"Which side are you on anyway!?\" Buffy asked. Lea looked at the place where Hunter was last seen walking away, \"I am on nobody's side Buffy, Master Oda taught us the value of listening on both sides before performing action. Every action a wolf commits must be with justification. In our pack, no one says mean things to someone without knowing what the other one's been through.\" \"If that's so, how would you explain Mr. Hunter's behavior towards papa?\" Jessie asked. \"I trust Hunter with my life, he is my mentor. If he had a reason he would not like to say, I can respect that.\" Seeing as the pups had stopped asking questions, \"Now, we better group ourselves now, we will be rejoining the pack.\" As they all prepare to leave, Diva asked Lea who taught her the move that she used against her father, Lea simply laughed, \"It was Hunter, although he wasn't as gentle as I was.\" \"You alright Chance?\" Shadow asked him. \"She didn't even lay a claw on me. I think it's got something to do with my extreme awesomeness.\" Chance replied. Dax was with the adults during the entire commotion, \"Do not worry cousin, Master Oda's orders were to accompany you, nothing else. Wolves never go against the Alpha's orders, that is punishable by either death or exile.\" \"That's awful.\" Delilah said. \"It is the law, cousin.\" Dax said. Sassy, who was wagging her tail nonstop, couldn't help but make fun of the commotion, \"Is anyone ignoring the fact that Chance just got his butt handed to him by a wolf? Not to mention a girl wolf?\" Then she started laughing, Delilah stopped herself from laughing at the feline's comment. \"Not helping Sassy, you should be on my side of the argument.\" Chance said. \"I am always behind you Chance, but it won't change the fact that you were beaten by a girl.\" Then she continued laughing, \"Oh! I'm never gonna let you forget this.\" \"That's enough laughing Sassy. Dax, let's not keep Oda waiting.\" Shadow said. Dax nodded, he and Lea led the group back to the meeting place. It was quiet, none said a word about what happened, or even tried to recall what happened, in Sassy's case. As they approached, they could see that the entire pack was already gathered, Oda being the one in the middle. Shadow couldn't help but think about how long Oda had been leading this pack, Oda resembles an old gray wolf, with ice cold blue eyes. He had scratch marks all over his body, but the first marks you would notice were the three claw marks on his left eye. Chance looked around for Hunter, after a few moments, there was no sight of the grey wolf with yellow eyes. \" Who the heck does this guy think he is? He thinks just because he's a wolf he can go mess around with others? I mean, he's acting like, Hey! Look at me! I'm a bad ass wolf with a huge slash mark above my eyes, fear me! \" Chance thought. Oda glanced at the direction his guests are approaching, \"Ah! Shadow! I'm glad you could join us. We were just talking about you.\" Shadow, being a humble dog, said, \"Sorry if it took us too long, we had some…things to take care of.\" He omitted the events that happened between Chance and Hunter. Oda simply chuckled, \"Nonsense! It's not that late, I had Hunter and the others check the pass, we still have time for a few things, I assure you.\" Now that the pets have regrouped with the pack, all they had to do was wait for Hunter and his team to come back. They each shared stories about their own lives, like what were they doing before their paths have crossed. It wasn't too long before Hunter returned from his task. \"The pass looks clear Oda, but we must leave now if we are to make it there before it gets dark.\" Oda nodded, \"Thank you Hunter, round them up.\" Hunter did as he was told, it was easy for him to address his fellow wolves, but it was a different situation when it comes to the pets, his eyes always spelled rage and distrust when it comes to facing them. \"Dax, make sure the dogs aren't left behind. Oda prefers that we arrive home together, for some reason. And Lea, since you're good with pups, I think you should watch the little rascals, make sure they don't slow us down. Are we clear?\" Both of the wolves nodded, \"Yes sir!\" They said. \"Very well, let's move!\" Then Hunter gave a long howl, then rejoined Oda and Shang at the front. Delilah could see the anger on Chance's eyes too, \"Just don't mind him Chance, as long as he ain't fighting us, w're fine. Don't give him the satisfaction.\" She whispered in his ear. Chance was taking deep breaths just to stay calm. He couldn't stop thinking about biting Hunter's neck. They began to move out of the hunting grounds, Lea and Dax stood with Chance and his friends, while Oda, Hunter and two other wolves lead the pack past the woods. They were moving at a quicker pace, Chance was beginning to notice how the path seemed to be quiet, too quiet. Chance closed in on Lea, \"This path is too quiet, I find it strange.\" Lea looked at her. \"This path has been marked by our pack a few moons ago. This is the quickest path back to our home, which leads through the mountains.\" \"I bet it took a long time to find.\" Chance said. \"Actually, it was Hunter who discovered this pass.\" Lea mentioned. Chance groaned, \"Isn't there anything in this forest that doesn't have that guy's name attached into it?\" Lea sighed, \"Look, I'm sorry for the way he was acting, I don't know why he's like that, but I'm telling you right now Chance, Hunter is a good wolf. This pack wouldn't be here without him. I hope you understand that; you can call it a wolf thing.\" Chance stared at her, \"Why couldn't he be like you? What's up with that?\" Lea laughed, \"Not all wolves are the same, I guess we can say that to you guys too. Why can't you be more like Shadow?\" Chance shook his head, \"Are you kidding me? I'd end up boring if I become like Shadow.\" Lea chuckled, \"See my point?\" After that conversation, no words were exchanged between them anymore. I guess you can say both found their peace and decided not to talk about it anymore. As they walked deeper into the woods, they have passed on bears, and other sorts of animals, all of them just minding their own businesses. Sassy was with Shadow and Oda, while Delilah and the kids are accompanied by Dax. Sassy looked at Oda, \"Hey Oda! I haven't seen any other wolf pack in here, how come?\" One of the wolves from behind glared at her, but she didn't notice it at all, \"Well, you see, Sassy, this part of the wood has been marked by our pack, so by Wolf law, no one from the other packs should be found wondering in our territory. Violation of this law, will result to punishment, unless it is special case.\" Oda explained. \"What kind of punishment are we talking about?\" Sassy asked. \"I prefer not to say, my feline companion. For it is not a good thing.\" Oda answered. Sassy had a feeling about the punishment given , but she didn't dwell on it anymore. \"What about those special cases you were saying?\" Sassy continued. Oda chuckled, \"You surely are a curious one, aren't you Sassy?\" Oda said, then the wolf that glared at Sassy approached Oda by his side, \"Master Oda, I don't think it is wise to share our ways to them . It could very well lead to our doom.\" Oda looked at the wolf, who had brown fur and a devil mask which makes his emerald eyes glow brighter. \"Is that so, Rex. Well,\" Oda then faced looked at Sassy, his eyes making contact with hers, \"Sassy, can I trust you to keep this secret? You wouldn't plan on using the things you see or learn about my pack against us, would you?\" Sassy felt frightened at the way Oda looked at her, his blue eyes looked threatening, but projected calmness as well. She knew this wolf wouldn't joke about things, such as laws and traditions. She just shook her head and said, \"I wouldn't, don't worry.\" Oda smiled, then he turned his face toward Rex, \"There, as you can see Rex, I think what I tell our female companion will stay secret with her, don't you agree?\" Oda asked. Rex simply nodded, \"As you say Master Oda, forgive me for saying otherwise.\" \"No harm done, accompany Shang with the hunt Rex.\" Oda ordered, Rex bowed his head down and obeyed without question. \"Do these guys always do that?\" Shadow asked. Oda looked at Shadow, \"Do what, cousin?\" \"Follow orders like that .\" Shadow pointed out. \"It's pack law Shadow, alphas determine how everything goes within the pack. Now, as I was saying Sassy, special cases like a lone wolf passing through the territory, or a female giving birth within our boundaries. There are many more that falls within that category, all of which are given immunity from punishments.\" \"Seems reasonable.\" Sassy said. \"I see the tunnel ahead, stay close everyone! Accompany our cousins inside the pass, we wouldn't want to be lost inside it, wouldn't we?\" Each wolf within the pack gave a bark of agreement, \"Sassy, Shadow, I advise you to stay close to me during this journey, Lea and Dax will handle the rest of your company.\" \"Mama, I'm scared.\" Diva said. Delilah nuzzled her daughter, \"It's going to be okay sweetie, we just have to stay together like last time.\" Lea stuck with them, \"It's gonna be a little dark in there, so we have to stay together.\" Chance and Dax followed them, \"Don't leave without us guys, the family has to stay together, right?\" Chance asked. Buffy and Cody nodded, \"That's right Papa!\" The wolves and the pets entered the tunnel by fours, and made sure not to be far from each other as they entered the tunnel. \" Lea was right about one thing; it is darker in here. Good thing the wolves' fur can be easily distinguished, even in places like these. \" Delilah thought. The pups were doing fine, they took it seriously when Lea and Delilah told them to stick together. \"Are we there yet?\" Chance asked. \"We still have a little more to go cousin.\" Dax said. As their journey continued, so did Chance's nonstop questions, \"Are we there yet?\" Dax shook his head, \"For the twentieth time cousin, not yet.\" Chance decided to drop it, for about 5 minutes. \"Are we there now?\" But instead of Dax answering he heard a howl from a close distance. The howl is unmistakably from a wolf, \"Welcome! Master Oda, you had as worried back there, when you haven't returned after nightfall, we feared the worst.\" The wolf said. As Shadow got nearer, he saw what the wolf looked like, it was a white wolf with yellow-green eyes, \"Well, what do we have here Master?\" The wolf asked. \"These are my guests. Tin, I would appreciate it if they are treated equally.\" Tin bowed down his head down, \"Of course, Master Oda\" Shadow and Sassy were among the first to get out of the tunnel and see the place where Oda's pack was staying. \"This is amazing.\" Sassy said. Shadow closed in on Oda, \"Coming from her, that's a big thing.\" He whispered to Oda. \"Noted,\" Oda answered quietly. Then The rest of the wolves came out of the tunnel and proceeded to move in different directions. Then finally, Chance, Delilah and their pups came out, \"Are we finally there now?\" Chance asked. Oda went in front of them and faced them, \"Cousins!\" then he looked at Sassy, \"Sassy, Welcome!\" Well guys! That's it for now! I think it might tzke me two weeks to release the next chapter, I'm still having trouble thinking a name for Oda's pack, any ideas you wanna share? Don't worry, I will make sure you get credit, just in case I use it, or even if I got an idea from it, you will still be credited. Just bear with me guys, I know I may have let some viewers down, but I'm gonna try to live up to your expectations, for myself and Damian.[Chapter 18] Hey guys, sorry if this is WAY later than the usual. Got a lot of things on my plate for the past two months. But now that school is over, I could work on my story twice as hard as I was before. So expect good things to happen from this chapter onward. I wouldn't bore you guys too much anymore, let us begin! Chapter 17: The Night Watchers Previously on Homeward Bound III: (Narrated by Chance) Hi everyone, it's been a long time since our last meeting, so I guess it's my job to put you up to speed. So, we spent a night with the wolves, a little bit. Shadow and the others have gotten along fine with Dax and Lea. Sassy, on the other hand, seems to have engaged on some form of relationship with Oda. Heh! a cat and a wolf? Man, this just keeps getting weirder and weirder. On the more obvious side, Hunter still hates us, especially me. He doesn't need to worry about me liking him at any point from now to...well...I don't know how forever lasts, so I'll leave that to you guys. And now, we've reached Oda's turf, I gotta say, it is impressive, this just proves my \"Dogs Rule\" belief. Now what they call themselves, you'd probably ask something like this. \"Uh...The what?\" Chance asked again. Oda sat up straight, \"We are The Night Watchers ! To others, we are also known as the Eastern Mountain Pack. But of course, you guys are not like others.\" Oda smiled and continued, \"And as Alpha of this pack, I would like to officially welcome you to our home, as my esteemed guests.\" \"Thank you very much Oda, we are grateful for your hospitality.\" Shadow said. \"The same goes for me, Chance and the pups.\" Delilah added. Sassy was still staring at Oda's home, not saying a single word. \"Nice place you got here Oda. Glad I could stay here for a while.\" Oda chuckled after hearing Sassy's words, \"I'm guessing that's a common thing you say to your friends, but, nevertheless, I thank you for your words.\" \"Mister Oda?\" Buffy said. \"What is it, little one?\" Oda asked. \"My brother and sisters were wondering if we could take a closer look at your place, like a tour, if it's alright.\" Oda gave them a wolf's smile, \"You sure aren't getting tired quickly as we are. Perhaps I could convince my daughter to give you a private tour of the place.\" \"You didn't mention about a daughter earlier. What's the deal? You ain't planning to ambush us in this place, are you?\" Chance suspected. Oda faced him with a calm expression, the same expression that gave a chill on Sassy's spine, \"No one asked. Besides, if I wanted you guys dead, I could've done it in the pass, where you couldn't see it coming. Or better yet, we could've just let that beast kill you.\" Delilah intervened, \"Excuse me Oda, could I have a private word with Chance.\" Oda's expression softened quickly as he faced Delilah, \"Of course Delilah.\" The couple went behind Oda and the others, \"Chance, that wasn't a very nice thing to say.\" Delilah whispered into his ear. \"Hey, I'm just being cautious. After all, with that Hunter dude in this place, who knows what could happen to us.\" Chance retorted. \"That doesn't give you an excuse to just throw the murder rant in front of the wolf who welcomed us. You know very well that not all animals, dogs and wolves included, aren't the same. Has it occurred to you that maybe Oda is just nice?\" \"It has, but still, this entire encounter has been nothing but suspicious and weird to me. Wolves don't just welcome others that way. Come on Delilah, you gotta admit, this isn't something that happens everyday.\" Chance replied. \"It has too Chance, but I don't go around blabbing about it in front of our host. You should go back there and apologize.\" Before Chance could say something back Delilah glared at him, \"No buts or anything else you can think of to avoid apologizing, just do it already.\" Chance sighed in defeat, \"Fine.\" \"The two went back to the others. Chance started of with something like this; \"Oda, sorry about what I said, I didn't mean for it to sound harsh, I just acted like...well...me.\" Oda looked at him with the same look earlier, \"It's alright, not the worst greeting I've had, which was when I got these.\" He pointed at the claw marks on his left eye. \"Now this is far worst than your comment Chance. But, I accept your apology, although I didn't need one. I would be surprised if you didn't act that way, considering the circumstances of how we met.\" Oda then faced his home and gave a long howl, \"There, that should notify my daughter of our arrival. Now! lets go, my friends.\" The pack, along with the pets, went downhill and into their dens. Some of the wolves were met with joy from their pups and mates. As expected, all of the wolves were still in the presence of Oda. They all bowed their heads to him, then Oda would do the same. Every wolf had mixed emotions regarding the pets' presence in their home. Some of the wolves looked at them suspiciously, while others looked surprised, as if it was their first time to see dogs, and whatever Sassy was to them. Chance looked at some of the families living in the place, one of them even glared at them, like they were disgusted. \"Everyone! These are my guests. Which means you would treat them like they are one of us, do we have an understanding?\" Oda asked. All of the wolves bowed down their heads to show their approval, even Hunter, who was still with Oda, along with other wolves. Oda smiled and faced Chance, \"Does that make you feel better? I can see the tension in your eyes as we got closer Chance.\" \" He noticed? Man, he's good. \" Chance thought. He simply nodded to Oda to give him thanks. \"Well, we're close to my den anyways.\" So they continued uphill, until what's left of the pack was Oda, Hunter, Shang and another wolf who hasn't spoken a word since there first meeting with the pets. Shadow, in particular, was curious about the unnamed wolf, he couldn't help it. The wolf, who had grey fur and bi-colored eyes, one brown while the other is yellow. Compared to the other three, the only scratches you could see were claw marks at it's left cheek, but what Shadow noticed is the small hole below the wolf's right ear. \"I see you're interested in Gale Shadow.\" Oda broke his concentration. \"Well, it's just he hasn't spoken a word during our journey.\" Suddenly Gale growled at him, which gave Shadow quite a shock. \"It was an honest mistake Gale.\" Oda said while chuckling. \"Well tell him to avoid that mistake from now on.\" She replied. Shadow's eyes widened after hearing her speak, \"I didn't know...?\" Oda, who was still chuckling, finally answered, \"Yes Shadow, Gale is a female. Although her physique resembles that of a male.\" \"Guess I was tricked by that one.\" Shadow answered. \"Well, look on the bright side. You learned two things today, Her name and her mood when someone has mistaken her for a male. I want to stress the last one, that really makes her mad, above anything else. Being one of the heads of the pack, I'd tell you she is one of the fiercest wolves I've ever known.\" Shadow nodded, \"Noted.\" As Gale and Shang went into their respective dens, the remaining members of the hunting pack, mainly Oda and Hunter, were met by three wolves, one of which is a young pup. \"Dad! Welcome back!\" The female wolf, whose fur resembles the same shade as Oda, greeted him. \"Well honey, sorry if I got you worried, after all, it was crazy weather out there.\" Oda's daughter looked at the pets, her green eyes gazing at each one of them. \"I see you brought guests, how delightful!\" She approached them and bowed, \"Greetings guests! I am Seff, daughter of Oda. May I know your names?\" Shadow was the first to approach. He bowed down his head, \"I am honored to meet you as well. My name is Shadow.\" Sassy walked in front, \"Hey, I'm Sassy. Nice coat.\" Seff smiled, \"Why thank you! But I have to ask, what kind of creature are you? You look similar to a cougar, only smaller.\" \"Yeah, I get that a lot.\" Sassy replied. Delilah took the liberty of introducing her family, \"I'm Delilah. This troublemaker beside me is my mate, Chance.\" Chance frowned, \"Since when did you refer to me as a troublemaker ?\" Delilah ignored his comment, \"And these guys are our kids, This is the eldest, Buffy.\" Buffy approached and bowed his head, \"Pleased to meet you ma'am.\" Seff laughed out of adoration, \"My God! He's cute.\" Chance gave out a bragging smile, \"Well, lady, you now know where he gets his good looks from.\" Delilah stepped on his paw prompting a loud, \"Ouch!\" from Chance. Then she continued, \"Then this here is Cody, Jessie and our youngest, Diva.\" \"They're all adorable! I'm happy to have you as guests. You guys must be hungry, after all, the journey is quite tiring, if I do say so myself.\" Seff said. Hunter then walked past them, \"What about you Hunter? Feeling fine?\" She asked. \"I'll be alright, this weather isn't strong enough to knock me out of the game.\" Hunter replied. \"I see you still have your macho face on.\" She then laughed. Hunter walked past Seff and was greeted by a pup and another wolf, who appears to be a female. \"Hey Dad! Got anything cool for me today?\" Hunter shook his head, \"Unfortunately, I don't. The weather wasn't in our favor last night. Now, how did you do while I was gone? You didn't give Ula any trouble now, did you?\" \"No Dad! Honest, you can ask her yourself.\" The pup quickly replied. Hunter looked at the adult, who had white fur and bright purple eyes, \"Little Kal speaks the truth Hunter, like father like son I guess. Of course kids should be given the chance to become kids once in a while.\" Hunter looked at his son and then back at Ula, \"Perhaps. I'm going to rest for a bit. Ula, is it alright if you watch the kid for a while?\" Ula nodded, \"It's okay.\" \"But Dad, you said we'd-.\" Kal was then cut off. \"I know what I said Kal, but sometimes things don't work out the way we want them to. Ula will keep you company while I rest.\" Hunter then entered the den, out of sight. Kal bowed down his head, \"Hey kiddo, it's alright, we can have fun together like yesterday.\" Ula tried to cheer him up. \"He promised.\" Kal said. \"Well, you know grown-ups, when they're tired they need rest. Don't worry too much, I'm sure he'll make it up to you.\" Ula assured. (This happened while Hunter was talking with Ula and Kal) Jessie couldn't help but notice the young wolf pup. \"He looks sad.\" Cody looked over to her, \"Who looks sad?\" Jessie pointed at the wolf pup with her nose. \"That wolf pup behind.\" Seff caught up with their sights, \"Oh, I see Kal had another chat with his father.\" Buffy's eyes widened, \"That Hunter dude has a pup? Whoa! I did not see that coming.\" Seff laughed at Buffy's comment, \"Yeah, if I was new to this pack that would be my first reaction. Hunter may not look like the fatherly type, but I can assure you, little Buffy, young Kal has Hunter's blood flowing through his veins.\" \"Hey kiddos, who are you looking at?\" Chance asked. \"Hunter's kid papa, right over there.\" Diva answered. \"Come on honey, that wolf can't possibly get a mate with that attitude, let alone a kid.\" Diva shook her head, \"Just look!\" Chance looked at were they were facing. As the pup raises his head and looked into their direction, Chance's eyes widened, \"Well, I gotta say, he does have his father's eyes. Maybe if Hunter was sadder or kinder, I would actually believe that kid is his son.\" Seff gasped, \"Chance! That is so mean!\" Chance gulped, \"I'm...sorry?\" Seff then started laughing, \"But I gotta admit that was funny.\" A thought then suddenly struck Delilah, \" What the hell!? Someone actually think that was funny? \" Chance began to laugh along too, until Oda interrupted, \"I see you have gone along just fine. Seff, can I ask you something?\" Seff looked at him, \"Sure thing dad.\" The two left the group to talk privately for a few moments before returning to them. \"So kiddies, I here you wanted a private tour of the place. How bout we do it, oh I don't know...right now!\" Seff told the pups. \"Awesome!\" Buffy yelled out, followed by cheers from his siblings. \"Can I come too?\" Chance asked. \"Well, if you want to. I see no problem in including you.\" Seff said. \"I'm gonna tag along as well.\" Sassy said. \"Splendid! The more the merrier.\" Seff answered. \"I think I'm gonna pass on today's tour, my paws are tired. How about you Shadow?\" Delilah asked. \"I could say the same thing to myself.\" Shadow answered. \"Would a den interest you, cousin?\" Oda asked. \"That would be great Oda. Well Delilah, lets have a good rest while they do their thing.\" \"No worries Shadow, you could still have a tour after your rest. I'll give the tour myself.\" Oda then led Shadow and Delilah into an empty den, leaving Seff alone with the rest of the pets. \"Now, shall we begin?\" She said with excitement. Seff led the pets downhill once again, through different dens, meeting with other wolves in the pack. \"I gotta say Seff, you have a way with giving tours. Also, they like you a lot, the way I see it.\" Chance observed. \"So you noticed? Well, cousin, you get good at it if you you have been doing this your entire life.\" She answered. \"Really? Your whole life?\" Chance was amazed. Seff laughed, \"Not really. Sometimes being Oda's daughter helps.\" Chance's kids begun picking up speed as they were walking around pack grounds. Jessie have challenged them into a race, since each one of them never backs down, they all agreed. Even though the ground was pretty cold for their paws. \"Oda's influence seems to go way beyond giving orders.\" Sassy said. \" I'd say he earned it Sassy. He has done a lot for the pack, but he is considered an elder. When I was little, a lot of wolves told me tales of how my father rose to power, not through force but with the use of his heart.\" \"Wow, you're going to make a great poet someday Seff.\" Sassy commented. While the three of them were having a chat, the kids were all set for Jessie's race. \"Remember! Last one will do everything the winner wants for a day, starting tomorrow.\" Jessie said confidently. Buffy gulped. \"Easy there Jess, we don't know who will win yet.\" Cody said. \"Just have fun guys! It's just a race.\" Diva reacted. Jessie smirked, \"A race I intend to win!\" \"Ready...\" Jessie started. In his mind, Buffy was thinking something like, \" Focus! Just think what you could do if you win this! \" Cody and Diva were just silent, but one could see that they were getting ready themselves. \"Set...\" Jessie looked at them, \"Go!\" So far, Jessie was ahead of them, followed by Buffy, Cody and Diva. The track they were passing through led straight downhill. Chance could see that they were having fun, so he had another bright idea, \"Hey Seff!\" \"What is it?\" She asked. Chance just bolted, \"Last one's a rotten a cheeseburger!\" She laughed and ran, \"You don't know what you're getting into Chance!\" then she suddenly thought, \" What in the world of Kira is a cheesburger? \" The pups, who were ahead of them, managed to gather the attention of the other wolves in the pack. \"Man, these pups sure won't run out of steam anytime soon.\" One said. Jessie already started boasting, \"Hey Diva! You might wanna speed up a bit, you wouldn't wanna be my slave for a day, would you?\" Diva, being the one behind, heeded this and ran with all her might, finally catching up with Cody. \"Hey, what happened with let's just have fun D?\" Diva snorted, \"I say I don't want to be Jessie's slave for a day!\" Cody smiled, \"Guess we can both agree to that!\" Buffy just kept running and running, taking into account that Jessie is ahead of him. \"This is going to be easier than I hoped.\" She looked at her siblings, \"Well, guys it looks like I-.\" She bumped into something which brought her tumbling down. She was dazed, not even noticing that Buffy was screaming, \"Wohoo! First place is mine baby! Yeah!\" Cody and Diva passed her, \"Come on Jess!\" Diva screamed. Jess shook her head, dazzed while getting up. What did she bump into? When she saw what it was, her eyes widened, \"You!\" Ula and Kal went downhill, \"Still wish Dad could've come with me.\" Ula laughed, \"If you still keep telling yourself that, then it seems you still know nothing about your father.\" Kal faced him, \"But you do, don't you? You said you were one of his friends when we first got here. I don't even remember most of the stuff. Dad said I was still very young at the time.\" Ula lowered her head, \"Well, I have known your father for quite a long time, but sometimes, it just feels different than before.\" \"What do you mean?\" Kal asked. Ula looked at Kal, \"It's...Nothing, besides, I'm not actually sure, quite frankly.\" Kal chuckled, \"You're weird Ula, but I still like you.\" He then nuzzled her front paw. Ula smiled, \"Oh, thanks squirt. Now lets go see your friends.\" Ula took Kal into a den, where a wolf pup emerged. The pup asked, \"Hey, I thought you and your dad were gonna do something together, what happened?\" Kal shuddered, \"He said he was tired.\" He told the brown-eyed pup with dark grey fur. \"Guess that good news for us Kal! Lets go see if Aya can play with us.\" the other wolf bolted. \"Hey! Wait up Mat!\"Kal followed him. Ula smiled, \"Don't worry. I'll catch up.\" She shook her head, \" Kids. \" She thought. Kal finally caught up with Mat, \"When I say wait up , could you actually do it for once?\" Mat laughed, \"Why do I have to wait for you? I know you'll catch up eventually. See, you did it again.\" Kal sighed, \"We gotta stop doing this.\" \"It wouldn't be fun if we did.\" Mat replied. \"Aya, let's go play hide-and-seek!\" They both waited for an answer but none came. \"Maybe she's not here.\" Kal thought. Mat snorted, \"As if dude! She's probably sleeping late again. I should come over.\" Kal shook his head, \"I don't think that''s a pretty goo idea Mat.\" \"Relax Kal, this is Aya we're talking about here.\" Mat entered the Den while Kal waited outside. \"Please don't do anything stupid Mat.\" he thought. But he already knew something bad happened when Mat came charging out of the den laughing. Mat hid behind Kal and out came a white furred wolf pup with navy blue eyes. Aya came out alright, but she didn't come out happy. \"Mat! You arrogant, disgusting, good-.\" Mat interrupted her, \"Good-looking?\" She gritted her teeth more, \"Good for nothing excuse of a pup! How many times have I told you to STOP entering our den!?\" She then rubbed her cheeks with her paws. \"What did you do this time?\" Kal asked. Mat grinned, \"I just gave her a quick wake-up kiss, that's all.\" Aya then made a murderous glare, \"I'm not your girlfriend! Stop messing up my day!\" She continued rubbing her cheeks. \"I can tell that she digs me.\" Mat said. \"What's going on anyway, why'd you guys have to wake me up?\" Aya asked, who was now calmed down. \"Kal's dad stood him up again, so I invited him to a game of hide-and-seek just to get his mind of things.\" Mat said. \"What?\" She asked again. \"Hey! my dad didn't stood me up, he was just tired.\" \"Kal, you should talk to your dad, just tell him you want to spend time with him.\" Aya said. \"Why did it suddenly become about me ? Can't we just play the game?\" Kal clearly didn't want to tackle the issue, so both of his friends dropped it. \"Okay, so who's it?\" Mat asked. \"I'll do it.\" Aya volunteered. \"Wait, you sure?\" Kal asked. Aya nodded, then she faced Mat, \"Gives me the chance to even the score.\" \"Okay! So you remember the rules? There's a specific distance in which you guys can hide from me.\" She closed her eyes. \"Count to a hundred!\" Mat screamed. \"I know! Now hide!\" Aya answered back. Both boys ran on opposite directions. Mat began circling around, hoping to find somewhere to hide. He started of looking for empty dens, since it is one of the easiest hiding places to find. Kal, on the other hand, was facing difficulty in finding a good hiding spot. He doesn't want to try the dens, since he knew it was one of the first spots Aya would look at. So he continued searching, until he couldn't find a place anymore. Then, an idea struck him. He gathered leafy branches and tangled them all up, shaping them into a dome. He found a huge pile of stones and hid behind it. Kal heard a soft howl, which signifies that Aya is beginning her search for them. So he used the dome he made to cover up his entire body while hiding behind the pile of stones. He waited for Aya to pass by, but there was no sight of her. \"Where is she?\" Kal thought. He waited longer, but still, she hasn't shown herself. Kal remained motionless for quite a long time, until he heard padded paws. He looked to where the source of the sound was coming from, then he heard the words, \"Well, guys it looks like I-.\" But he was too late to move out of the way, as Jessie came barreling down towards him. Both were dazed, but Kal still heard Buffy's screams, \"Wohoo! First place is mine baby! Yeah!\" Kal shook his head and he saw the cover he made for himself ruined. \"You!\" Jessie screamed at him. Kal faced her, realizing she was one of the pets from earlier,, \"You!?\" (Scenes from the next Chapter or at least some parts of it.) \"What's the big idea of you getting in the way of our race!?\" Jessie asked, clearly mad. Kal glared back at her, \"What do you mean getting in the way ? I wasn't the one who came barreling down like a grizzly without looking!\" Diva was panting, \"Not again.\" She felt like the nightmares will never be over. She continued her labored breathing. \"You look troubled young one.\" Diva's eyes widened as she realized who it was standing behind her. \"Chance, do you think we'll ever make it home?\" Delilah asked him. \"We did it twice Delilah, I bet you we can do it a third time.\" Chance answered. Do you like it? Did the Recap and Prologue somehow made the story detailed or made you excited in any way? Drop by and leave a comment or review so I know how to tackle certain issues, whether it is grammatical or story-related. P.S. I'm not perfect, sometimes I use the wrong set of words which makes stuff sound abnormal to the human ear, so please notify me, just in case. ","Summary":" Homeward Bound III: Running with the Wolves Disclaimer: The following characters (Sassy, Shadow, Ch"},{"Movie":"Elysium","Title":"Cobra Strikes","Author":"CaddySam","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10003880","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1 My back hit the wall as I tried to retreat further into the old deserted gas station. I never took my eyes off of him. It felt like I was staring down a wild animal, a cobra, unable to flee. He stalked forward from the dust. A small smirk crossed his lips as he smelt my fear, like a predator drinking in the terror if its prey. His dark eyes glittered amidst his dirty face. I stood, frozen in fear. I could do nothing. He was superior to me in every way. His strength, I could not hope to overcome. His speed, unlikely I could ever defeat it. His desire... There was no escape. \"Look who's stopped running...\" Agent M. Kruger growled mockingly. \"I was wondering if you'd eva stop, my little gazelle.\" I spat in his direction, snarling angrily. He was only feet from me now. I could smell his rancid breath on the wind. \"Ooh, you're a fighta,\" he mused, \"I like that.\" He did not advance any more. He only stood there, staring me down. Intimidating. Terrifying. I couldn't imagine what he planned on doing to me. He was well known for his cunning intellect in combat and was an expertly efficient killer. I had destroyed his home, torched it as if it were some peasant's; worst mistake of my young life. He was the devil incarnate, and it was fleeting that he would show me mercy. The tension was suffocating me. Hoping to entice him, I yelled, \"Shut up, you motherfucker! Come at me, if you dare!\" My faux intimidation failed. Kruger immediately sensed the weakest point in my routine. \"If I dare, eh?\" He chortled before striding towards me, filling the gap between us in a second. \"Or what, princess? What will you do?\" My legs began to fail me, my body started to shut down. My flight instinct had left me, I was exhausted. The fight in me was quickly diminishing. Agent Kruger, famed serial murder of Earth and Elysium, stood breathing down my neck. It was like staring into the face of hell, and hell had two nasty little eyes and a dirty, unkempt beard. \"I d-didn't d-d-do it... I... I d-didn't...\" I could only stammer weakly as I plead innocence. I had been told to do it, under threat for my life. I thought I could get away before Kruger found me. I was so wrong. \"Shush, shh, shh, shh...\" Kruger hissed from above me. His hands snakes around my wrists and held them at my side. He leaned forward, closing what little space was left between us, pressing his chest against me. \"Poor little girl neva stood a chance anyway,\" he whispered in my ear. His hot breath dripped down my neck like steam. I closed my eyes tightly, choking back desperate sobs. \"Don't be so scared, princess... Imma make you my queen...\" Kruger's lips crawled across the tender skin of my neck, placing gentle kisses pain-stakingly slow around my most vulnerable flesh. My blood ran cold at the physical connection of our bodies. He could do anything he wanted now. I had heard stories of him ripping out his victims throats with his bare teeth. Perhaps I would be one of those lucky victims. I could feel Kruger staring down at me, his eyes level with mine. It was a long time before I was quietly told to open my eyes. I felt his rough hand turn my chin to face him. He repeated his demand, louder, more forcefully. My eyes snapped open to meet not black eyes, but green. If fear had not so thickly coated me, I would've been surprised. \"You're coming with me,\" he growled simply. My brow must've furrowed in confusion. I had forgotten why I was here amidst the adrenaline pumping viciously through my veins. \"Don't you know it's against the law to destroy someone's property?\" He smiled manically. \"You destroyed mine pretty badly.\" \"Please,\" I cried softly, \"please, I didn't do it, M-my boss... H-he m-m-made me d-do it. He threatened my f-f-family...\" \"Muh, muh,\" he mocked, pouting sarcastically. \"You should have thought betta before you torched my hut! Now come along like a good little princess!\" Kruger's grip tightened immensely around my wrist as he wrenched me to my feet. He dragged me stumbling and fighting out of the abandoned gas station where I tried to hide. \"You see, princess, around hea, I'm the boss! I make the rules.\" He turned to face me. \"You're not on Elysium anymore, princess...\" He roared so loudly that my ears began to ring. The fact that he knew I was from Elysium, terrified me. What else did he know about me? He barked a command towards his shoulder, signaling for his men to meet him. I cried out desperately and fought against his iron grip harder. I begged and plead louder for him to let me go, that it wasn't my fault, and that I wouldn't do it again. \"It's too late for that now, princess. You broke the rules. My rules. Now you git to face the consequences.\" He shot a terrifying glare at me, one so poisonous it could kill a mamba. I crumpled like a burlap bag beneath a stone. If one look from this monster could paralyze me, I could only fathom what his hands could do. I heard the MCK-030211 before I saw it. Its trademark camouflage colouring, and its painted springbok silhouette hovered above our heads. One of Kruger's men leaned out of the side door, smiling down at his boss and his captured prey. Kruger yanked my hand into the air and waved it around. \"Lookie what I found boys! My little pyrotechnic!\" The aircraft touched down several feet in front of us. I could hear the dogs in the ship snickering maliciously. Kruger re-adjusted his grip on me. I felt his arm snake around my waist as his other hand grasped my shoulder heavily. He held me close as we boarded the aircraft. I fought harder, but to no avail. I flailed my head around hoping to hit Kruger's face. The back of my head connected with nasal cartilage and I heard a pained hiss come from behind me. Kruger flung me into a seat after he bound my wrists behind me. He fastened the buckle around my waist and chest. He seized my throat. I choked and sputtered as he glared down at me. A drop of his blood trickled down from his nose and lost itself in his matted beard. With failing vision and limited breath, I spat weakly at him. He only laughed at my feeble attempt to fight. I had been born on Elysium, it was true. I was only twenty when they deported me to Earth for stealing from the government. I had hacked into the elites' bank system and stole hundreds of thousands of dollars. I sent the money to Spider, a selfish computer hacker on Earth, who organized the immigration revolution. The money was to fund escape crafts' development. Better, stronger metal was hard to get under the poverty line. When the funds reached Spider, he must've sent several crafts out. Stealthy crafts were meant to remain undetected as they attempted to reach Elysium. As soon as I sent the funds to Earth, the government was able to track me down. If I were caught, I would be deported and have my citizenship suspended or terminated. My family would be left behind, without me to protect them. I tried to cover my tracks as best I could, but a man of high esteem, the man I now worked for, caught me almost immediately. He had only revealed his name once; Mark Delacourt, husband of CCA Secretary Gabriella Delacourt. As I was being deported, he approached me with a task. He claimed that he was for the revolution and with the immigration rights of Illegals to Elysium. Like a fool, I believed him. I was told to discover if my efforts had paid off. He said he would reward me with the safety of my family and my citizenship re-instated. Three years later, I had come fleetingly close to completing my task. My capture set me back dramatically. When I got out of Kruger's grasp, I'd have to create a new identity, and vanish completely from L.A. If I ever got away. \"What are you even here for, princess...\" Kruger mused, looking down at me. \"What did you do...to come to hell...\" He released my throat and stalked away, barking orders at the pilot.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 Kruger's current deputy, Tweedy, slid up to me from out of nowhere. He wore a malicious smile as he slowly traced my figure. I inched as far as I could away from him. He leaned closer, breathing down my neck. \"Where'd you come from, eh, bunny?\" he hissed. \"You remind me of a girl I used to know...\" His chubby fingers walked up the side of my thigh, sending jolts of disgust through my body as his other hand grasped my knee. I leaned away, turning my head and clenching my eyes shut. \"I really loved to tickle her...right...here...\" His fingers crept dangerously close to my dignity. I let out a loud sob, unable to control my fear anymore. \"Give us a kiss, come on, bunny.\" A loud roar sounded from the cockpit. Suddenly, I felt Tweedy release his grasp on me. My eyes snapped open to see the deputy lying flat on the floor, and Kruger standing over him. Kruger crouched low over his deputy and had his throat in his hand. \"Don't you fookin' touch her,\" he growled viciously. He spat in his own deputy's face. He pointed a dirty finger directly between his eyes. \"Or else, you'll find one of my new toys...right...here...\" He pressed his finger down hard between Tweedy's eyes. \"Then, it'll go beep beep boom!\" Kruger laughed manically. Tweedy could only stare, petrified. Kruger stood, then viciously kicked Tweedy in the ribs, likely breaking them. His deputy lay crumpled on the floor, moaning softly. Kruger stalked away, glancing at me breifly. Once again, his eyes were green, not black. He returned to the cockpit, telling his pilot, Crowe, to redirect their flight path. ((I was still stunned at what happened just now. It almost seemed as if Kruger had come to my rescue. Or it could be that he was saving me all for himself, and that he didn't want me spoiled. Either way, I didn't want to be a part of it. Kruger returned from the cockpit, and growled at Tweedy, who was fighting to right himself before his brutal boss did it for him. \"Get the fuck up,\" Kruger barked. \"Or I'll have you tossed out of this craft faster than you can come, and that's pretty fookin' fast for you, isn't it! Leave us.\" Tweedy nodded profusely as he clutched his ribs and stood up. He hobbled towards the cockpit and closed the door, leaving me alone with the predator who had saved me from another. My emotions were mixed, and I was even more confused than before. Kruger had not changed from the time he captured me to the time we boarded. He was still the same nasty prick he has always been. I wasn't about to let my guard down because he had brutally assaulted his own man when he was harassing me. \"Just us now.\" Kruger sat opposite to me, leaning forward intently. He smiled slightly, as if he was proud of what he just did to Tweedy. \"I saved you,\" he noted. He waited for me to respond. I only nodded slightly, confusion and concern deepening the furrow in my brow. He clearly didn't make my situation easier by any means. If he wanted to save me, he would let me go. That wasn't about to happen. I cautiously cleared my throat, worried he would strike me if I spoke on my own without his permission. He only looked on intently. \"W-where are you t-taking me...?\" I whispered hoarsely, beginning to shiver. Kruger only stared. It was a long time before he spoke. \"So how did you end up hea, princess? What happened up thea?\" He motioned upwards, referring to Elysium. I said nothing. I didn't trust Kruger in the slightest, but there was something about him now that wasn't apparent before. I could figure out what it was. \"Come on, princess...\" Kruger growled softly. With lightning speed, he delivered a strong slap across my face. I gasped more from the speed of his strike as opposed to the contact. His other hand clasped my mouth as I screamed. I felt my skin beginning to tingle with pain. He released my mouth as I stifled a sob, tears welled up in my eyes. \"Why aren't you in Elyisum?\" he demanded strongly. I cried gently. \"Please... Please let me go...\" I sobbed, \"Please...\" I crumpled. forward, dropping my head towards my knees, tears flowing freely. \"No, no, I can't do that, princess,\" Kruger whispered. I felt his hand grasp my chin strongly. He titled my face up without much fight from me. I was so desperately frightened and tired that all fight had left me. \"You remind me too much...\" \"What?\" I whimpered. Kruger leaned forward and kissed me fiercely, his hands grasped my jaw tightly. I couldn't move away, nor could I scream. I tried to keep my teeth clenched against his aggressive tongue, but to no avail. He squeezed with his hands, sending a jolt of pain through my jaw. I could not help but gasp at the pain and shock as Kruger's tongue slithered into my mouth. The urge to gag was overwhelming. \"Hey, boss! We're hea!\" A signal came from the cockpit as Crowe notified that we had reached the intended destination. Kruger leaned back, making a slurping noise as his tongue left my mouth. He panted lightly. \"I can't let you go,\" Kruger said. He wiped his mouth as he strode towards the cockpit. As soon as he was out of sight, I retched from the taste of him in my mouth. As I sputtered, I felt the aircraft tilt as we descended. I had no idea where we were and I could only hope to flee once we got out. The aircraft landed. Crowe came through the cockpit door first, Kruger followed him. Tweedy hobbled out weakly, clearly suffering from his injuries. The three men stood in a line before me. Kruger tilted his chin, ordering his dogs to work. Crowe stepped towards me as Tweedy opened the door. I was released from my seat. Crowe guided me towards the door, past Kruger, who still stood in the center of the craft. \"You see, princess,\" Kruger began, \"you weren't the only one who was on a mission from up thea.\" My eyes began to readjust from the brightness of the ship to the darkness of outside. I had not even remembered what time it was. I knew I had been captured in the late afternoon, for it was early evening now. As my eyes adjusted, I could see what appeared to be ruins of a desolate spacecraft. It looked very similar to the rescue crafts that I had been funding for years on Elysium. As I looked closer, I even recognized the spider decal that the leader of the rescue resistance used on his crafts. I gasped as I looked around and saw more ruined crafts. \"What...\" I gasped, \"what is this?\" \"This, princess,\" Kruger started, \"is what happens when you try to help those beneath you.\" I whipped my head around to stare desperately at him. I didn't understand how so many of Spider's crafts had not made it to Elysium. I had sent the money and immediately got deported. Elysium was not that big of a nation, and the government had traced my digital signature somehow. I suppose that I never actually greeted a rescue shuttle on Elysium before. \"Wh-what happened to them?\" \"Kruga happened to them, sweetheart,\" Crowe spoke from behind me, wrenching my hands backwards. I clenched my teeth and screwed my face in pain. \"Step away, Crowe,\" Kruger ordered. Crowe immediately released my hands, allowing me a limited amount of movement. I looked cautiously over my shoulder, and saw Kruger nod, motioning for me to inspect the broken crafts. His blackened stare warned me not to run, and a look was all I needed to know I would receive a harsh punishment if I tried anything. Cautiously creeping forward, I analyzed the ruins. There looked to be about seven crafts in total, though most were beyond recognition. I could already tell that my rescue efforts had failed. Perhaps if I had not been deported, or at least caught, I would've been able to greet at least one ship and save its citizens. I had a bunker made on Elysium where Illegals could wait for me and Spider to work out their citizenship. Crushing sadness suffocated me worse than Kruger's hand. Nothing could compare to this pain of knowing I had come so close to saving these people, to saving my family, and failing. I sank to my knees and began to cry softly before the ruins of my sacrifice. Kruger slunk around beside me, placing a dominant hand on my back. He crouched as he hissed in my ear, \"You see, princess, it was my mission to stop you.\" I looked at him in desperate confusion. He clearly was smarter than I believed him to be. He knew all about me, about my mission, who I was, where I came from. I had no political protection. He could do whatever he wanted. \"You're not the only one who works for a Delacourt.\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 I stared wide-eyed. Now I understood. The unapparent thing I felt between Kruger and I, was that we worked for the same people \"Y-you work for Delacourt?\" I stammered. \"That's right, princess...\" Kruger growled softly. He paused as he waited for me to look at him. \"I work for the missus.\" How could I have not figured this out before, why had I not seen it? I should have known Kruger was a special forces agent. He didn't carry himself as an agent, no, he was much more brutal. \"What do you expect to do, then?\" I yelled at him, finding my voice for the first time since the initial capture. \"Do you expect to take me back to Elysium? To send me to the government's claws? Do you honestly expect I'll suffer there, you psychotic fuck!?\" \"Yes.\" Kruger's simple answer sent shivers through my body. His confidence was unnerving. I had done what I did on Elysium for one reason; to start a revolution. I would suffer at the hands of the Elysian government. They would kill my family, but they would make me live for ages. The Medbays had kept alive those who should have been long since dead. One woman had even lived for one hundred and thirty-four years. \"We'll see what your boss has to say when I bring in his little hacka!\" Kruger pulled me to my feet and pushed me back towards the MCK-030211. I stopped hard, keeping my back to Kruger, shielding my face as I asked, \"Why did you take me here?\" I felt Kruger's breath on my neck, hot like steam. His armoured chest pressed hard on my back, making me lean forward. \"So you could see your sacrifice laying in pieces on the ground, scattered from hea to Mexico...\" I choked back a frightened sob as I stumbled back to the ship. I wouldn't mind dying now. My failure to save innocent people, to save my family, felt too great. \"Alright boys!\" Kruger yelled. \"Time to go up!\" I was slung back into a seat and fastened tightly. Kruger barked an order at his men as he called someone on his communicator, most likely Secretary Gabriella Delacourt. I had heard of her before. She was described as being as pale as silk, with such icy blue eyes that she could freeze the Serengeti over twice. She was also known to be fiercely democratic, and despised Illegals. I sobbed quietly, pulling my legs up against my chest. Kruger was taking me back to Elysium and handing me over to the authorities. He knew the fate I was most afraid of; falling between the gnashing teeth of both Delacourts. Kruger walked silently towards me and, once again, sat opposite to me. \"So, pr—\" \"Why are you taking me back there?!\" The glare I got from Kruger for interrupting him could melt steel. I saw his jaw clench tightly and his eyes widen. I had just kicked the hornet's nest, hard. I flinched against whatever punishment was coming. When no strike came, I cautiously opened my eyes. Kruger was not even looking at me. He was looking at the floor between his feet, brooding, almost. It seemed impossible, but Agent Kruger had just restrained himself. I breathed a sigh of relief. It was totally involuntary, and relatively loud, even against the ship's engines. I clamped my mouth shut, wishing I had held my breath. Kruger looked up at me, dirty bangs hanging down across his forehead. His eyes were peculiarly green again. He said nothing and looked down again, a tight smile on his face. Now that I had a fairly clear mind, due to the fact that I would soon be out of Kruger's grasp and at least back on Elyisum, I realized that he reminded me of a cobra. A serpent you're cautious of, one that you know is deadly, and yet you are mesmerized by it at the same time. \"Why don't you want to go back…?\" Kruger's tone surprised me. It was just a quiet, simple mumble. His fingers clasped together tightly and his hands began to tremble. I was afraid; his erratic behaviour threw me off-guard. One minute, he was all over me and the next, he attacked his own man for touching me. He struck me when I did not respond, but now stood silent when I interrupted him. I hated to admit it to myself; I was beginning to find Kruger interesting, mesmerizing, quite like a fearsome cobra. \"Isn't it…perfect? Up thea?\" Kruger finally spoke after a long silence. His apparent calmness was disturbing. The fact that he was behaving like a normal human being, though, allowed me to speak clearly for the first time since being abducted. \"Not really…\" I said quietly. I was still in a defensive position, my knees to my chest while my hands were still bound behind my back. They were starting to ache, and I was losing feeling in my arms. I shifted my shoulders uncomfortably as I continued carefully. \"The government is corrupt, the people are pricks.\" A muffled grunt came from deep in Kruger's throat. If it were anyone else, I would've thought that it was a genuine laugh. \"Entering atmosphere,\" Crowe's notification sounded from Kruger's radio. I must've whimpered, for Kruger looked at me with attentive green eyes. \"Why don't you want to go back?\" he asked simply, no aggression in his voice. I looked on nervously. \"I want to save people, not despise them…\" I whispered quietly. It was true. Elysians were blatantly taught to despise Illegals on Earth. All the propaganda could make a person sick, but gradually, like a tumor. Kruger nodded. \"What kind of people?\" I noticed that he had stopped calling me \"princess\" after every sentence, which was a small comfort because I despised it. \"Everyone who deserves it; the sick, the dying, the innocent…\" \"What about the people who don't fall into those categories then, eh?\" I didn't think my next answer through as well as I should have. I glared at Kruger as I spat the words. \"Every other vile cretonne can skulk around in the filth as they always have…\" Kruger shifted towards me, his eyes darkened dangerously. \"Is that right? Then I'll show you just how vile I am, princess!\" He roared as he lunged towards me, hands outstretched, aiming for my neck. Without thinking, I kicked out, making contact with Kruger's chin, knocking him back momentarily. He was immediately on me. I screamed as he grabbed my legs and slammed them down. His other hand grabbed the back of my head and forced it down. In such an awkward and painful position, I couldn't even struggle. My head was wrenched back. He straddled me, sitting all two hundred and forty pounds of him and his gear on my lap. My neck began to scream in pain the longer he held my head back. I felt his beard scrape along the tender flesh of my exposed neck. I shivered violently against him as Kruger's arms wrapped themselves around me and slither down my back. I heard him whisper, \"I can't let you go… I can't…\" Kruger grazed his teeth along my jugular, softly biting the tender skin. I cried out softly. I knew what was coming; my throat was about to be ripped out by the most vile creature on planet Earth. I hoped that I would bleed out quickly, so I wouldn't have stare at Kruger's snarling face stained with my own blood.[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 Snick . I braced for death as Kruger snapped open his switchblade. I felt the blade trace my collarbone slowly. A low growl rumbled in Kruger's throat as he slowly dragged the blade along my neck. If it wasn't the switchblade or Kruger's teeth that killed me, it would be the crushing tension. \"I can't…\" Suddenly, my wrists fell free from their bonds. My eyes snapped open. Kruger was standing over me, no longer crushing me under his weight. Cautiously, I flexed my wrists, the feeling flowing back slowly. I dared to look at Kruger, who stood with his hands clenched in fists, trembling lightly. Once again, it seems as though he had restrained himself from doing something terrible. Afraid as I was, I felt genuine surprise. I felt the need to make my gratitude apparent, though it revolted me to want to show any kind of gratitude to Kruger. Before I could speak, Tweedy stepped out from the cockpit, looking worse than before. \"Boss,\" he rasped, \"now entering Elysium airspace. We'll be at Delacourt's shortly.\" \"Git the shields up,\" Kruger barked, \"I don't wanna take any chances…\" Tweedy complied, deftly turning the correct controls. I wondered why Kruger would want to put the shields up in a protected airspace. Elysium would never sacrifice their image by shooting down a carrier over the heads of the privileged. Though the government had the people wrapped around their steely fingers, image was everything. Propaganda was hopelessly crammed down throats to keep opinions suffocated. If anyone on Elysium had ever thought for themselves, they would see how weak their government truly was. Still, the fact that Kruger wanted the shields up unnerved me. We touched down and the ship's door opened. Sweet, warm air washed through the cold ship cabin. After three years of living in the slums, and shivering myself to sleep every night, I was actually pleased to inhale the scent of my home. A waft of alcohol and cigar smoke drifted in front of me. Crowe held a gun pointed towards my face. \"Up you get, sweetheart,\" he growled, keeping his distance for fear of ending up like his comrade. I stood slowly, my arms staying behind my back to show that I wasn't about to fight. I was lead first out of the carrier. Crowe walked behind me, keeping me at gunpoint. I walked out to see the exclusive industrial hanger of the Elysian government. Stark white walls bore the symbol of the Civil Cooperation Bureau. I trembled as I saw three executives standing several feet away from Kruger's ship. Two of them wore stiff black suits and stood on either side of the third. The third stood astute in a snowy white suit, and her skin was as pale as her milky white silk scarf. If there was anyone who defined the image of Elysium, it was Secretary Gabriella Delacourt. \"Bring the prisoner forth.\" Secretary Delacourt's artificially accented voice rang clear through the hanger, echoing harshly off the stone walls. I was pushed forward by the barrel of Crowe's gun. The fact that I was being regarded as a prisoner enraged me. I felt like a prisoner in Kruger's hands, yes, but at least I was regarded as a human being. Here, under Delacourt's fascist glare, I felt like utter scum. I was pushed to my knees by the butt of Crowe's gun as Delacourt looked down at me. The rumors were right; I shivered from the icy cold of her glare, the intensity of which made my skin crawl. At this point, I'd prefer the vile Agent Kruger over this icy bitch. \"Well done, Agent 32, you are relieved. We'll take it from here.\" She continued to look at me with a disdainful glare. I stared fiercely back at her, plastering on all the courage I could muster. I hadn't noticed that Kruger had walked up to stand beside me, facing Delacourt obediently. He only stared ahead, not even looking down at Delacourt. She glared up at him, dwarfed easily by his sheer size. Despite his size, I had never seen Kruger look so small. \"Yes, Secretary Delacourt,\" he stated mechanically. I could hear clear spite in his voice as he clenched his hands into fists behind his back. He took a small step back. Delacourt, though not amused with his behaviour and irritated with his presence, continued. \"Protea Angelico,\" she addressed me by a name I had not been called since I was deported, looking off a lavender form, no doubt made from the finest wood pulp. \"Formerly Citizen 3073 of Elysium, you have been charged with theft from the government, and arson of Elysian property on Earth.\" She turned her full attention to me. \"You were deported, your Elysian citizenship suspended. You have family here, non ?\" The mention of my family flared my attention. Delacourt saw my eyes widen and snapped her fingers once. A door opened from somewhere behind me. I heard feet shuffling across the stone floor. I craned my head to see what I dreaded most; my mother, two young sisters and brother were walked into the hanger, hands bound, at gunpoint. I uttered a soft whimper as my family, four wealthy and refined citizens of Elysium became prisoners before my very eyes. Just then, four of five armoured men rushed into the hanger, all were led by one in a suit. Their leader was Mark Delacourt, I could tell from the way he carried himself. \"What is the meaning of this, Gabriella?\" Mark demanded forcefully, obviously confused as to why, his investigator, was back on Elysium. \"So nice of you to join us, Mark,\" Delacourt cooed to her husband. \"Fortunately, I have everything under control.\" She snapped her fingers once again and called her bots to action. My youngest sister squealed with terror as an Armadyne security droid clamped its digits around her arm. I couldn't control my outrage seeing her in danger. \"Don't touch her!\" I tried to stand, but felt Crowe's strong hand on my shoulder, pushing me down. \"Gabriella, once again, I ask, what is the meaning of this?\" Mark's tone was raised as his confusion went unanswered. He looked at me, but addressed his wife. \"Why is Protea here?\" \"This former citizen has continued to be a nuisance to Elysium from Earth three years after her deportation… Under your orders, am I correct?\" Delacourt shot her husband daggers. She wasn't the most ethical government official on Elysium; after all, she used Agent Kruger to do her dirty work. Having her own husband double-cross her in order to continue unauthourized actions behind her back, however, she could not stand for. \"She has been brought back to be correctly apprehended.\" Mark Delacourt stood dumfounded at the cunning actions of his wife. He didn't bother to vouch for me or my family, he only stood there. My anger towards the politicians of Elysium boiled over. Enraged at the injustice and the treatment of innocent Elysian citizens, my family, gave me an extreme adrenaline rush. With renewed strength, I lashed backwards with my arms, striking Crowe's hard metal helmet. I knocked him back briefly, but a moment was all I needed as I got to my feet and sprinted towards my family. My freedom was brief, and the cobra struck. I felt Kruger's talons wrap around my arms tightly, stopping my flight. \"Not so fast, princess…\" He hugged his arms around me from behind as I cried desperately for my family. Delacourt had snapped her fingers again. My family was now being lined up. Each one of them was pushed to their knees, with an Armadyne bot aiming a gun at each of their heads. \"Citizens 2998, 3079, 3080 and 3081, your Elysian citizenship has now been formerly revoked under the charge of aiding a criminal of Elysium.\" Men came by each of them and put a laser to their wrists, removing their identity as a citizen of Elysium. The Medbays could not heal them now. \"NO!\" I screamed, struggling desperately against Kruger's grasp. \"No, please, no! They're innocent! Don't hurt them, please! Do whatever you want to me, just don't hurt them!\" Delacourt looked straight at me. I couldn't hear her next words. \"I intend to.\" It happened in an instant, but it felt like an eternity. Delacourt gave the order to her bots, and they fired. My family dropped one at a time to the cold stone floor, blood streaming from the back of their heads. There was no Medbay on Elysium that could heal them now. My little brother, an innocent boy who would have turned thirteen two months ago, stared at me with glossy eyes, mouthing the words \"it's okay\" slowly. I saw the life leave them as he fell to the floor. My vision started to blur and my ears began to feel muffled. I heard a faraway screaming, and wondered who it was who was crying so desperately. I realized it was me. I could not pry my eyes away from my family as they lay dead on the floor. My vision began to blacken as I felt myself being dragged away. I blacked out, the last picture in my head my family lying dead on the cold, Elysian floor and Secretary Delacourt standing tall with a tight smile on her fiendish, pale lips.[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 I awoke sitting on the floor, leaning against a standard issue jail cell bed. My arms ached and my head was pounding. All the memories came flooding back almost instantly. My family was killed in front of my eyes. I was in custody of the icy Secretary Delacourt. I was sure to face death row, which was the only solace I found now in my ravaged young life. A harsh clanging sounded from down the hallway outside my cell. The door opened quietly. After several moments of deliberation, I rose, supporting myself on the bed frame. I heard a sudden crash come from the room beyond. I crawled forward on the floor to the open door, peering cautiously around the corner. There didn't seem to be any Armadyne droids around. Other than a dull beeping sound, the hallway seemed to be deserted. I got to my feet and listened again for the sound. Surely enough, another clang sounded, with more of a thud against stone. A roar of anger sounded shortly thereafter. Electrified with fear and curiosity, I took my leave of the cell. As I slunk down the hallway, I kept to the wall and low to the ground. Another roar echoed through the hallway and another harsh clang of metal sounded. I looked cautiously around a corner, where a loud growl emanated. It was a guttural sound; one full of anger and pain. I stifled a gasp as I saw something I would have believed impossible, had I not seen it with my own eyes. Deputy Tweedy stood, glaring down towards the floor, a bloodied katana in his hand. He appeared to be fully healed; he must've slunk away as soon as we reached Elysium to heal himself on a Medbay, the bastard. On the floor…was Kruger. My eyes widened as I realized what Tweedy was glaring at. Kruger lay on the floor, beneath the heavy foot of his ex-comrade, who appeared to be hell-bent on gaining revenge. Kruger had such a look of hatred on his battered face that I started to tremble from my hiding place. Tweedy held the end of the long rectangular blade at Kruger's throat. Never before had I seen Kruger so vulnerable; he rightly deserved it, however. \"You know what I'm going to do to your little princess, Kruga?\" Tweedy traced the blade along Kruger's face. \"I'm gonna cut her up… just like what I'm about to do to you…\" Tweedy pressed the blade to Kruger's cheek, and drew out a long slash on both. Kruger didn't flinch at all; one could almost admire his stillness and control. He glowered at Tweedy with eyes as black as voids. \"You know, Kruga,\" Tweedy continued. \"I almost died under your tyranny, you miserable fuck. But look at me now!\" He leaned down close, baring his teeth at Kruger, who still glowered. \"I'm gonna go fuck your little pretty while you bleed out and watch…\" In one surprisingly fluid movement, Tweedy grabbed Kruger by the neck and slammed him against the wall. Kruger's head hit the wall with such impact that cracks appeared behind it. Kruger looked as if he was about to pass out. I believed Kruger was the devil incarnate, and that he could not feel pain, but seeing him here now, I almost felt pity. \" Adios , you filthy bastard.\" Tweedy plunged the katana into Kruger's chest, slicing expertly between the ribs. I stifled another shocked gasp, desperately trying to tear my eyes away from the violence. It was like watching a cobra fighting a mongoose; both frighteningly vicious, and willing to fight to the death. The most terrifying thing about this situation was that I found myself silently aching for the cobra to win. Kruger sputtered violently, blood spewing forth from his lips and running through his beard. I heard the blade clang against the stone wall on the other side of Kruger's body. Tweedy smiled cruelly, Kruger's blood on his face, as he twisted the blade in his commander's chest. \"Where is that little princess of yours?\" Tweedy stalked away from Kruger, but not before delivering a vicious hook to his already battered complexion. Kruger slumped forward, grasping the blade's handle as blood poured from his face, pooling on the floor. My attention turned back to Tweedy, who was approaching my cell. I noticed for the first time that he had some sort of metal apparatus attached to his chest and arms. His strength must have come from that; it would have explained how he cracked the wall with Kruger's skull and dragged him up from the floor so quickly. I scrambled around the corner where I was hiding, looking around desperately for a hiding place. I shuffled on my knees towards a covered section of the hallway, holding my breath, hoping I would go unnoticed. I held my breath for dreadfully long moments. Tweedy suddenly rounded the corner and roared, \"Surprise, bunny!\" As Tweedy opened his mouth, the very blade he had used to lacerate Kruger with moments ago, now protruded from his mouth like a bizarre metal tongue. The blade retracted as quickly as it had appeared and made a cutting motion through the air. It barely made a noise as the blade cut through the tender flesh of Tweedy's exposed neck. The deputy hung in the air for several seconds before his head began to slide off his shoulders. His head hit the ground in front of me with a soft thud. I sat, petrified beyond my wits as I stared, mouth gaping back at Tweedy's own gaping mouth. Blood seeped out from the head's chubby face, pooling on the floor. I could see my own reflection in the scarlet puddle. I did not recognize the young woman who stared back at me. \"Prick…\" Kruger dropped to his knees just behind his deputy's decapitated body, a bloody katana in his hand. He fell forward, defeated. What I did next would shock anyone, but it stupefied me most of all. Against all of my instincts, I crawled forward to the dying cobra's side. I quickly examined Kruger's wounds and injuries. I had not realized the full extent of his injuries. It was a true marvel as to how he was still alive after Tweedy had punished him so harshly, let alone the fact that he was able to decapitate his comrade in one fluid movement. He should have died as soon as the katana punctured his heart. In my three years on Earth, I had learned how to treat my own injuries and those who came to me for help. I was no doctor, but I could save a life. I did not yet know if the decision to save Kruger's life was the right one. I leaned down to listen if Kruger was still breathing. I waited a long time before I heard a quick, raspy gasp for air. Without any fight from him, I rolled Kruger onto his side. He was surprisingly light without his armour, or perhaps it was due to the massive amount of blood that he lost. The entry wound where the katana had twisted was gaping. Blood was seeping out slowly, so I knew that no critical artery had been severed. Internal bleeding was obvious and Kruger would die shortly. Once again, I debated whether or not I should save him. He was a murderer who worked for the scum of Elysium. Then I remembered that he had saved my dignity, and my life, twice, from the same predator. My pity for him eventually won out over my morals. My family was dead, and I wanted out of Elysium. Kruger was the only one who could get me back to Earth. I tore off a long piece of the cheap material I wore as a prison jumpsuit. I jammed it up against Kruger's chest wound and wound another around it. He winced, which induced a flinch from me. After he sighed gently and didn't react further, I carried on bandaging him. I rearranged his battered person into recovery position. I had no idea how much longer he would live. I had to hurry. I took a small knife from Kruger's belt for protection against human security. Leaving him lying in there, I sprinted down the hallway, listening desperately for the recognizable hum of an Elysian Medbay. I had no idea if it would work for Kruger, however. He was a citizen of Earth, technically, but an agent for the Civil Cooperation Bureau. There was a chance one would heal him. I found one in the jail keeper's office, which was occupied by one guard. The lack of security in this place was ludicrous, but I guess no time is wasted looking after prisoners when there is champagne to drink and candles to smell. The lone guard was facing away from me, unaware of my presence. I crept up quietly to the glass door, opening it with ease after quickly picking the lock with the knife. I crouched low to the ground, like a predator stalking its prey, hungry for the kill.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Gripping the knife tightly, I grabbed the guard's mouth to stifle his yell and cranked his head with all my might while I sliced in the opposite direction with the knife. Bright red blood spurted out of the guard's neck. I couldn't wait around to guarantee the guard's silence, but I was sure he would bleed out quickly. With the guard incapacitated, I dashed to the Medbay, feverishly prepping it for Kruger's weakened body. As I raced back down the hallway, I realized grudgingly that I would have to drag him. I considered once again leaving Kruger to die, and once again, my moral compass changed directions. When I reached the spot where I left Kruger, I found only found Tweedy's decapitated body. Confused, I glanced around, wondering if an android had taken him away. If the humanoids had been through, they would have taken Tweedy's body as well. Still slightly appalled at how lax the security was in an Elysian jail, I searched the area again. Looking past the mangled body of Tweedy, my eyes found a trail of blood leading toward the prison cell where I awoke. Cautiously, I crept forward, trying my best to step around the blood flooding the corridor. I heard a light wheezing sound coming from within the cell. A sort of exhilaration struck me when I peered around the corner. Astoundingly, Kruger sat propped up against the post of the bed, one arm wrapped around his midsection, keeping pressure on his wounds. He didn't look at me as I whispered gently, \"Come on, I found a Medbay for you.\" I gingerly pressed my hand against his shoulder, wary that he might lash out, even in his treacherous state. I only heard a low, pained rumble in response. Without saying anything, I gently grasped Kruger's arm, stooping low in order to sling it over my shoulders. After his stunning show of endurance, I knew he would be able to make it to the Medbay, against all odds. The only thing that would take a long time to heal would be his pride. With the brunt of Kruger's weight balanced on my shoulders, I lifted upwards with all my might. Kruger's deadweight was heavy, and I had trouble supporting him. Feeling no fear above the sense of urgency, I snapped, \"Stand on your own feet, Kruger. I can't do this myself.\" The weak and weary Kruger looked at me through his peripheral vision. I could tell he was angry. Not only was he in a submissive position to me, he could do nothing about it. I hoped that my sacrifice would not result in my head on the end of a katana. \"Fuck you,\" I grumbled, irritated that he could not show the slightest bit of gratitude. \"I'm trying to help you, you fucker… Now stand.\" Too exhausted, to fight, Kruger complied. His legs straightened and he was now mostly on his own feet. I started to walk forward slowly, making sure Kruger was still standing firm. When he stood, the tourniquet I had fashioned had come loose around Kruger's ribs. I pressed hard against the wound, keeping as much pressure on it as I could as we stumbled forward. I ignored Kruger's hiss of pain as I pressed on his wound. He deserved every bit of pain I could inflict upon him, even if it was unintentional. We continued down the hallway towards the Medbay in silence. I felt the need to say something to Kruger. Perhaps, in his weakened state, I would be able to articulate my thoughts without fear of punishment. \"You know, Kruger,\" I began, speaking quietly, almost embarrassed. \"I wanted to ask you something.\" I waited for a response as we continued towards the Medbay. When I heard a grunt from Kruger's hanging head, I took it as a response to continue. \"Why did you save me? From Tweedy, I mean…\" A long pause ensued. \"I couldn't…\" Kruger's voice was weak. He didn't have a lot of time left. \"I couldn't let… let him hurt you… princess.\" The tiniest whisper emanated from Agent Kruger's lips. Had I not been in such a position of holding his life I my hands, I would've spat in Kruger's face for being so full of shit. Though, I knew undoubtedly, that he was being truthful. I could hear the honesty behind the pain in his voice. Minutes form death, Agent Kruger was a human being. The way he called me \"princess\" no longer felt like an insult, but a genuine compliment. I didn't want to reveal to Kruger that I was stupefied by his response, so I turned my face away from his, hiding my blush. We reached the Medbay in silence. Now came the difficult part of getting Kruger onto the flat medical apparatus. I awkwardly shifted my weight beneath his arm. I was able to lower Kruger onto the Medbay while still holding his wound. \"Can you take off your jacket?\" I asked stupidly. He only glared at me with dull eyes. I nodded and unzipped his coat. I could see the wound clearly now. It was much worse than I had suspected. The wound would not heal properly without the aid of the Medbay. I only hoped that it would work, and that I was not on the wrong end of Kruger's conscious when he awoke. Easing off his jacket, I tried to keep pressure on the wound. I pressed my finger against the side of Kruger's neck, checking for a pulse. Deep within him, I felt the faintest beat of a dying heart, trying desperately to stay alive. Why he had lived this long, there was no explanation. I knew he was holding on for a reason. What that reason was, I hadn't a clue. I laid Kruger down on the bed. I felt the last of his strength in the form of strong fingers grasping onto my sleeve for support. I felt a tugging at my sleeve as I was working at the control panel. I looked to find Kruger staring up at me with dull, green eyes. For the first time since being captured, I saw Kruger as truly human. \"Get outta hea, pr… Protea…\" A remarkable wave of awe flooded through me as I heard Agent Kruger call me by my actual name. I could only look down at him, not knowing what to say at a moment like this. In this astounding moment in time, one where I was about to heal the predator who had kidnapped me, I felt a strange sense of compassion for the mesmerizing cobra. I told myself that not of it was true. Kruger was being a cunning liar, playing a dangerous sympathy card so he would heal and rise again, only to kill me as soon as he did. However strongly I told myself this, I didn't believe it. I tensed, deciding once and for all. I hit the button, and commenced Kruger's healing. As I dreaded, the machine did not start. A notification appeared on the screen saying that no citizen of Elysium was detected. I let out a cry of anger and desperation. Fueled by urgency and adrenaline, I dragged the security guard's body over to the Medbay, where Kruger was now rasping quickly and shallowly. I pulled the guard over to the Medbay with all my remaining strength. With my knife, I sliced the sleeve of his shirt off, revealing the wrist that contained the genetic proof of his Elysian citizenship. I lugged the guard's arm up onto the table, on top of Kruger's. The machine immediately recognized the guard's genetic tags, and began to process his damage report. The machine started, only briefly touching the guard before I pulled him away. A soft yellow light enveloped Kruger's body, turning the dark scarlet blood into a vibrant crimson. I watched as Kruger's bloodied face and bare chest were cast in a vibrant glow. The sleek looking arm passed above his body. Floating particles of light glittered across Kruger's tattered flesh, slowly stitching his wounds together. In a few minutes, the healing was completed. I stood holding my breath, wary of Kruger's reaction. Sometimes, when patients awoke, they were extremely violent for a few seconds. Even without his weapons, a frenzied Kruger could easily snap my neck with his bare hands. I gripped the knife in my hand, ready to defend myself against the newly rejuvenated Kruger. When nothing happened, I cautiously leaned over the sleeping Kruger. It was like watching a sleeping tiger. Every muscle in my body was tense, every nerve on fire, ready to flee.[Chapter 7] Chapter 7 I stood, peering at Kruger from a safe distance. His face was clean for the first time, his beard tidy, and his complexion calm. If under any other circumstances, I would have found Kruger attractive. His lean build, high cheekbones, and large, intelligent eyes would have made any woman's knees weak. In fact, my own trembling with barely enough strength to stay locked. As I was looking at Kruger, I failed to notice the guard slump forward and begin inching towards his desk. The brief exposure to the Medbay had healed him enough that he could crawl forward and hit the emergency button beneath his desk. Alarms started to sound in the corridor. Frantically, I knocked the guard's head against the corner of the desk with a well-aimed, high-powered kick. The guard fell to the ground, finally dead. I grabbed the gun from his belt and a remote I quickly established was a skeleton key to all the doors leading in and out of this place. With some luck on my side, I decided to flee. I would leave Kruger. I no longer cared about what happened to him now, feeling I had fulfilled my debt to him. As I turned to leave, I felt a strong hand grasp my wrist. Electricity shot through me. My instincts alighted. Vision blurry and red, I wheeled around, viciously slashing through the air with my knife. I felt the gun drop out of my hand and clatter on the floor. Another hand caught my knife wielding hand, and I was immobilized. My eyes began to focus on my incessant and hounding fear staring back at me with a blank, hardened face. Kruger's grimace let me know I was in trouble for my earlier display of insolence. I couldn't help it anymore. I snapped. \"What will you do, Kruger?!\" Fear evaporated from me. They would kill me for certain, if I was lucky. Fight or flight kicked in, and I had to flee. Now. \"Well?! What's it gonna be, swine!\" Kruger only glared, holding onto me. He was stalling. My escape time was dwindling. \"I just saved your sorry arse! The least you could do is give me a fucking head start!\" I glowered at him, no longer feeling like the coward I was this morning. My bravery must've caught Kruger off-guard, for he loosened his grip ever so slightly. That was all I needed to wrench my hand out of his and take off. Gaining my balance, I began to sprint down the hallway, past my cell and beyond. I pressed the button of the skeleton key remote, and sure enough, the door opened. I dashed through, slowing slightly in order to listen for approaching androids. Suddenly, my mouth was clamped shut from behind. I was dragged behind a corner. I kicked and fought, hard, but it was no use. As I struggled, I saw several security droids jog past me and my attacker. With one final buck of my body, I was freed from the arms of my captor. I dove for the throat of whoever it was that caught me, hell-bent on the kill. Expertly, I pinned the assailant to the wall, my knife at their throat. Dark green eyes stared back at me, totally unafraid. Exhale. \"Fucker…\" Kruger stared back at me from behind my knife, an interested expression on his smug face. \"I knew I liked you for a reason, princess,\" he swaggered. The tip of my knife pressed on his jugular. I was in no mood to be fucked around with. \"Try anything and I'll make sure you stay dead.\" Kruger only smiled amusedly at my death-threat. I released him, concerned with worse threats on my tail. I peered around the corner, looking for security droids. The alarms were still sounding, and a flashing red light emanated through the hallway. I looked back over my shoulder to check Kruger. He had his new katana in his hand, stroking it like a silvery serpent. \"I'm gonna rule this place…\" I murmured menacingly. \"She has to die. Today.\" I said it as a statement, so no communication errors occurred between me and the cobra. Surprisingly, Kruger nodded solemnly. Perhaps it was the sudden lust for power I had felt since I saw my family killed. Seeing my family die under the hands of the government made me utterly despise Elysium, more so than I had before. I wanted to rule everyone in this bloody paradise, starting with Secretary Delacourt. \"You're gonna help me.\" I made my demand perfectly clear to Kruger. A ruthless killer, but an agent, nonetheless. His jaw clenched. Anything could happen now, but it was what happened next that I couldn't predict. Kruger looked at me blankly; the only hint of an expression was a slight sneer tugging at the corners of his lips, disappearing into his beard. He locked his eyes with mine, then he nodded. Breathing a sigh of relief and after checking once again around the corner, I loped down the hallway. Kruger's heavy footsteps were surprisingly stealthy behind me. Rounding a corner, I almost slammed into a security droid. Before either of us could react, the droid's head had slipped off its metallic shoulders. It clattered to the ground. Jumping over its corpse, I continued to jog down the corridor. Listening for sounds of people screaming, I honed in on the CCB central control room. I had to admit to myself that I was impressed with Kruger. With his killer instinct directed away from me, Kruger was a sight to behold. He truly was a spectacular soldier. The only grievance was that he worked for Delacourt, though now I was skeptical as to where his loyalties lay. \"Hea, princess, take his.\" Kruger handed me a non-specialized handgun, the kinds I was used to using. \"It's got t'a kick to it.\" Kruger thought that I was helpless with a gun because I was from Elysium, wasn't it? That's what he thinks… I thought with contempt. \"I think I can handle myself if I've made it this far, thanks very much.\" I couldn't help but snap at him. The smug look he's had on his face since he awoke annoyed the hell out of me. Sirens continued to blare as we reached the end of the corridor. Another security droid aimed at us. I raised my new weapon and fired at it, hoping to distract the droid while I got to cover. It wasn't a standard bullet that fired from my handgun, but a barrage of them. About a thousand bullets glinted through the air and struck the bot, dismembering it before it hit the ground. The gun smoked, and my mouth gaped. I turned to look at Kruger, who had a silly smile plastered on his face. \"Told you so,\" he chuckled sarcastically. I sneered at him, not wanting to let him know that I was amused at his change in behavior. The sneer hid my smile beautifully. \"The central control room is just down here, I recognize these hallways,\" I noted. Kruger looked questioningly at me. I was just as surprised as he was to hear those words. I couldn't remember all of it, but from what I did piece together, was that I had in fact been here before. It was like déjà vu; a feeling you're unable to place but entirely instinctive and true. I let my instincts lead the way through the winding, metal corridors. I had been jogging ahead of Kruger slightly, not noticing that he had been lagging. if not for the adrenaline and urgency, I would've kept the knife poised just so behind me as a warning. I knew this man was volatile; a bomb waiting to go off. I just couldn't shake this feeling I had. A bold feeling. A longing feeling… \"No need for that, princess.\" I felt Kruger's hand grasp mine that was holding the gun. I realized with a shock I had a white knuckle grip on the trigger guard, with my finger trembling dangerously close to the trigger. He removed the gun from my belt, lowering the barrel forward and toward the floor. \"Be a shame to waste such a prize…\" Sizzling for a moment, I ripped my hand away. \"Fuck you.\" With a snort, he trotted ahead of me, glancing quickly around each corner. It took me a moment to realize through the feverish electricity that Kruger had saved me again. If I had even accidentally touched the trigger of my weapon, my legs would have been blown off. A prize! My brow furrowed in discontent. Is that what I am to him? I was good at riddles, but this enigma was beyond my comprehension. Why was it that around this man, all my judgment was skewed? It was infuriating. What was even more so, was the dead end I found myself at. Kruger came to a halt in front of me, looking down a single corridor. At the end was a hatch of some sort, not the central control room to the CCB. \"What…\" I stammered confusedly. Staring ahead of me, I glanced around, looking for any other possible way to go. There were none. I approached the door and tapped it with the edge of my blade. Hopelessness tunneled my vision. Despair clouded my thoughts and blanched my face. My stomach churned menacingly. I was trapped once again. Would I never be free? An enraged wail escaped my throat, several times, from deep in my gut. Kruger looked at me as I wept shameless tears, almost unnerved. My back slid gracefully down the wall as I sunk to the floor. Shivering, huddled against the cold metal, I wept for my freedom now so far gone. \"Just kill me…\" All hope had since evaporated from my adrenalin state. I just wanted to be dead. Please, I silently begged Kruger, just finish this. He only stood there, looking down at me, then looking at the hatch, then back. Dark waves lapped at the edges of my mind, inviting me to wade in, to give myself over to their suffocating grace. Ages passed before either of us said anything. \"Delacourt can wait.\" I barely had time to register what Kruger said before I heard the scraping metal of the security droids' feet against the floor. They were upon us in minutes, trampling down the hallway like a herd of mechanical bulls. Before I knew what was happening, glaring sunlight hit me like a tractor beam, blinding me momentarily. Then, strong arms scooped me up from the floor and hurled me through the air, into the light.[Chapter 8] *Author's note: Apologies for the long wait and for the formatting of chapter 7! Text blocks are annoying. Story is still in progress and there will be many more chapters, hopefully! Thank you for your patience and understanding. Regards – CS* Chapter 8 (part 1) Falling from a height of three hundred feet would be terrifying to anybody. Though here, wind whistling past my ringing ears, it felt liberating. I tumbled downward towards the Elysian terra. Sunlight glared off the metallic building behind me, continually blinding me on the way down to my death. I'll be with you soon , I thought of my family as a tear streamed out of my eye and skywards. This will feel so good… Closing my eyes, I let myself blur over. No sense in being conscious when I hit the ground. I twirled gracefully onto my back, as if held by heavenly hands. I settled into a relaxed, reclined position as imitated gravity brought me to the artificial ground. The feeling of freedom lasted for all of four seconds. Talon-like hands raked across my arms, grasping them in a vice grip. My trajectory was thrown off as I was flung against a broad chest. Like an infant chimp, my arms curled around his body as the wind raced along with my heart. The last thing I remembered was Kruger throwing me out the hatch. I remember falling forever. In fact, I didn't remember anything. Everything before the point of now was fuzzy, blurry, like water in your eye. I tried to blink the haze in my mind away, but to no avail. Gradually, consciousness returned to me. The first thing I noticed was the hum of Elysium; a dull noise that was not entirely irritating, but comforting, due to the fact that it meant fresh air was constantly being produced. The next thing I noticed was the rustle of palm leaves in the wind. The calm reminded me of home, though I didn't know which one. What was home if I had no one? First things first; where am I, and how did I get here? The haziness drifted off me lazily like steam, easing me into awareness. I became aware of a repetitive sound. A deep, relaxed rhythm that was not my own, though it may as well have been due to its synchrony. Deep breathing. Sleep. In and out… In and out… My senses told me I was leaning against something living. My gut told me it was a predator. Fresh electricity shot through my system. I was prepared to feel the need to flee, to run, as I had the last three years of my life. I waited for the jolt to spread through my muscles, alighting them with the energetic fire used to run from danger. But it never came. Even after dreadfully long moments, it never came. I leaned forward ever so slowly, my neck arcing gracefully up to gaze at the only thing I was perpetually afraid and fascinated by. He lay quietly, truly asleep. A deep relaxed slumber, leaning on the ground against a palm trunk. No muscles were tensed, no fight engorging the vessels of his temples. Peace was finally with the cobra. I stared, eyelids still heavy, mind still hazy. I was suddenly aware of how dreadfully tired I was. Kill him. Walk away. Vanish. This would be my only chance to kill him correctly, to make him dead forever. One expert slice with my knife right across the jugular. He would bleed out before he would wake up. My knife was secure in my boot, the handle beckoning my hand and the blade glinting insistently in the sunlight. This chance to kill was irresistible. Every nerve in my body burned with the need to satisfy this perpetually inconsistent feeling. I needed this, whatever it was. The knife floated up to his bare, unguarded throat. It hovered above the flesh just below the thick, brown beard. Muscles gently contracted as he breathed, totally unaware. I stared longer still, my shoulder still resting against his chest. I'm not sure if it was gravity, or if it was some other force, but I was being tied down by invisible strings. My arm was still raised above my head, the knife gently pinned against Kruger's throat. The cold of the metal must have disturbed his sleep, for he stirred ever so slightly beneath the blade. My breath caught in my throat, hitching at the tension in the air crackling with electricity. Jaw clenched, I waited for him to wake, knife poised. Finally, I watched as his eyelids fluttered open, lazily blinking away the sleep. He had long, thick eyelashes that shadowed his eyes, pale green in the morning sunlight. They looked at me intently, sleep still lining them. His lips barely moved as he spoke, \"Glad to see you still hea, princess…\" I pondered. Come to think of it, I couldn't feel my body. Experimentally, I tried to lift my leg, or even bend it. I could not. I twisted my hips to the side, but found I could not manage the slightest twitch. \"What did you do… to me?\" My voice cracked as a hoarse accusation escaped my lips. I couldn't move my legs, and I knew something had happened to me. Kruger happened to me. \"Nothing much,\" he answered simply. \"Liar.\" \"You landed on your hip. Probably broke y' pelvis. Don't try to move, eh? It'll hurt.\" Ignoring his caution, I stared intently at his stillness. It was eerie to think that he hadn't tried anything while I was no doubt unconscious. The last few hours had begun to blur together. Little pieces began to come back to me. Agent Kruger captured me and brought me to Elysium. Gabriella Delacourt was there, and she ordered the androids to kill my family… My family. Just the thought of them dead sent me spiraling into a batch of fresh tears. I sobbed hard into Kruger's shoulder; I didn't know what else to do. My body shook, sending jolts of pain from my abdomen through my body. I cried from physical pain and psychological pain. It was all too much to bear right now. I had no home. I had no family. I was crying like an infant at the hands of my most certain doom. Salty tears soon formed a dark spot on Kruger's shirt, blending in with the camouflage pattern. That instinctive part of me that had been telling me to flee still whispered a warning, though it was staring in wonder at the source of danger. Kruger wasn't attacking, or holding me hostage, or even glaring at me. In fact, he wasn't doing anything. I could sense no vicious intent or danger in the air. He was still. I couldn't decide which Kruger was scarier. But then again, who knew how many there were. A hand rested on my arm. A soft touch, but nonetheless, I felt a buzz of adrenaline. Another soon followed, and at tugged me gently, embracing me. I felt Kruger rest his chin on my head. \"Rest. They can't get you now…\" His soft voice surprised me once again. I imagined his eyes; pale green. \"Why are you doing this…?\" I barely found the strength to whisper. Curiosity burned deep inside me. \"I told you… I couldn't let them hurt you, Protea…\" There it was again. My name. \"Why,\" I sighed, trying to control my breathing from sobbing so hard. I found myself nudging further into his almost humanly warmth. Sleep began to fog the edges of my mind, creating a translucent vignette of comforting blackness. Perhaps I was just too tired, or maybe I had given up on life, on defending myself or my honour. I had no one to get back to. I had nothing. \"I don't—\" Kruger choked. Was that a stammer? Silence ensued. I closed my eyes. \"I don't fully know… actually…\" There was a moment of reflection, of thought so deep I could feel it in my own chest. I didn't need to see his deeply furrowed brow and clenched jaw to know he was having a moment of personal turmoil. I felt him tentatively dip his chin in a mild gesture of defeat. The allure of sleep beckoned seductively. I didn't want to drop my guard, however much there was, just yet; I still couldn't distinguish if this was reality or not. Maybe the only place where I felt safe lying next to Agent Kruger was a dream. Who knows? \"What will they do if they find you?\" My own voice sounded tiny, hollow, a ghost of its former self. Kind of like me. A soft chuckle came from above my head. \"Probably just a de-activation orda, coz they know I fok'n hate it…\" he trailed off into a growl at the thought of his commanding officers. It was easy to tell that Kruger didn't appreciate the thought of being someone's bitch to activate and deactivate at whim. I imagined he loved to be front and center, killing things of all sorts. The thought made me shudder that I was now falling asleep against a serial murderer. Even a physical tremor sent jolts of pain from my now broken pelvis. I still couldn't remember completely what happened. I winced at the pain. \"Whoa, whoa, relax…\" A hand meant for crushing throats stroked my hair. \"We'll get you fixed up soon…\" This was exhilarating. I don't know what it was exactly, but everything that had happened, was happening, in the dwindling Elysian day was incredible in a morbidly exciting way. I think the thing that was most incredible was Kruger's paradigm shift from predator to what seemed to be protector. Here I lay, with a broken pelvis, totally vulnerable… And he barely lifts a finger. Perhaps it has taken all his physical strength to restrain himself from doing whatever he originally planned on doing to me earlier that day. I asked the million dollar question just before sleep overtook me. \"Why am I still alive?\" I waited for an answer for all of about three seconds. I dove into a much needed sleep, black waves gently lapping, lulling me into a deep slumber. I dreamt of cobras with bright green eyes basking lazily in the sun.[Chapter 9] *Author's note – I am very proud to have reached 1000 read! To mark this milestone, I present a double length, p.o.v. flip! Enjoy!* Chapter 8 (part 2) KRUGER A single ray of light shone through the inky darkness of death. He had felt this sensation before, the feeling of rejuvenation; the feeling of life after death. I awoke to the sound of alarms bleeping madly. Where the fuck am I? There was commotion somewhere beside me; a struggle of sorts. There was a crack of bone hitting metal and breaking on impact. Highly tuned ears picked up the sound of bleeding life from an unlucky victim. Too bad that wasn't mine , I thought a little jealously. Only I did the killing around here. If anyone else thought they were good enough to claim this territory, they were rivals. Earth was mine. Wait… I realized in a split second that I wasn't on Earth, but on Elysium. How the fuck did I get here, again? This amnesia didn't make sense. Nothing did right now. I heard a light gasping beside me, and a labored breathing not of a man. I imagined the scenario from what I could see in my peripheral, three-sixty vision.A girl who looked no older than thirty had a knife in her hand and a gun in the other. She was moving in slow motion, just like everything was. She looked familiar, but I couldn't remember why. With newfound strength, I hauled my carcass up from whatever platform I was on. In an expert stride, I caught the girl's wrist with a hand that didn't even feel like my own. As soon as I touched her, I could feel a strange warmth spread through my body. This feeling was alien to me. Maybe it was a side effect of the amnesia; a restless feeling in my gut and an anxious longing feeling. Clearly, the girl didn't feel the same. A knife came flying through the air, straight at my temple. In my peripheral vision, and I avoided it with the ease of second nature. I caught her wielding hand with trained precision, lowering it with more strength than I intended. The girl glared at me, but not before cursing loudly. She shot daggers at me. Her pretty amber eyes were filled with her dilated pupils. Underneath all that anger was another, dominant emotion. It was a look I saw often when people saw me; pure fear. I tried hard to remember who she was, but no recognition came. I could feel my face grimace in confusion and annoyance. She tried to wrench her hand free. \"What will you do Kruger?! Well? What's it gonna be?\" Her anger surprised me. In her anger, I recognized something about her. It was the way her lip curled up to reveal her teeth; it looked like me when I snarled. I know you, girl… She took the opportunity when I was pondering to rip her hand free and bolt away. I was left sitting on what I could now distinguish was a Medbay. Did I die recently ? It all came flooding back in a violent rush. Protea. The single name rang in my head louder than the alarms sounding now. I bolted after her. My keen sense of hearing picked up the sounds of approaching Armadyne bots. Those tin cans would tear her to shreds. I had to stop her somehow. Just before she rounded a corner, I pounced on her, grasping her tightly in my arms and covering her mouth. She'd hate me, I know, but I just didn't care. I dragged her back away from the view of the bots, who then barreled by. Stupid security tinker toys… The girl bucked out of my hands and before I knew it, I had a knife to my throat. I could feel the ridged blade pressing into my flesh. I didn't want to admit that I was scared by her ferocity, but I certainly was turned on. A smirk must've crossed my face, for she spat at it. \"Fucker,\" she hissed, lowering the knife. Oh boy , I like it when you talk dirty… I wanted to take her right now, I easily could. But part of me felt like it was chained up. There was something about her that was different than any Elysian girl I had seen before, let alone any other girl. She was different than the others. She murmured a threat about to Delacourt, swearing revenge for her fallen family. I nodded intermittently, to look like I was listening to her, and not transfixed on the curve of her neck so deliciously vulnerable. I listened, mildly amused, until she turned to look at me with fierce gold-brown eyes. \"You're gonna help me.\" What did she mean by that? She wants me to help her take down Delacourt? I couldn't let her kill my commanding officer. That's a no-no , I thought, who would pay me bills then? I had to admit, though, the icy bitch did need to be taught a lesson. Protea had a look on her face that screamed murder. I was impressed at her tenacity, but here was no way that her revenge would ever come to fruition. I wanted to say something. That part of me that didn't want to do things to her was forefront in my mind, coaching me to turn away. She seemed utterly transfixed, however. To humour her, I nodded to an extent I thought was genuine. She took it as an answer and ran off down the hall again. I wish she'd stop doing that , I mentally snarled as I jogged after her, she's gonna run straight into one of those— As if on cue, an Armadyne bot rounded the corner. Its gun was aimed straight at Protea's head. Everything slowed. Raising my new sword, I sliced clean through the bot's neck. Damn . This Elysian metal sure was something to be envied. Its head clattered to the ground as Protea leapt gracefully over its body. Life resumed its normal pace. I didn't know how long she would keep this up for. Still being active according to Elysium, I had no choice but to stay with her. I hated being under control all the time, especially when I wasn't killing things, but it paid well. Looking around, I checked the map on my device. There was no where she could go from here. She would be trapped if she continued on this path. She would trap herself. Then I'd pick up where I left off and take her to Delacourt to finish the job I was sent to do… Righ t? I didn't have time to think right now. Shifting my katana into one hand, I unlatched my berserker handgun with the other. I had a moment of wonder. What could the girl do with a weapon like this? It was standard issue, but to high ranking mercenary agents. Curiosity peaking, I handed the gun to her, somewhere deep in my gut finding the courage to trust her not to turn it on me. \"Careful,\" I warned, \"it's got quite t'a kick to it.\" Berserker guns were my favourite. Sending out thousands of bullets instead of one got the job done so much quicker. However, I still preferred my knife to anything else. The next bot that came around the corner got a mouthful of the specialty ammunition. I nearly doubled over in laughter when I saw Protea's face when she turned around. She only sneered at me when I smirked widely at her. You're quite adorable when you're confused , I thought gleefully. Something about her just then shifted from pure hatred to something else. Amusement, maybe? I wasn't very good at emotions… She mumbled something. I looked at her questioningly, for I didn't hear what she said. I don't think it mattered, because she ran off down the hall again . Oi, oi, little lady… I sighed as I jogged after her. Keenly aware of her tension, I saw that her hands were tightly clutching the berserker gun. The barrel was aimed right down her hip. With her luck, she'd probably blow off her own legs before I ever had a chance to get between them. Can't let that happen. In a gesture I thought was kind, I lowered the gun for her. I was met with such hostility I couldn't help grit my teeth in anger. How insolent she was behaving. It took all my physical strength not to pin her by her throat to the ceiling. I stalked off down the corridor, face flushing red with frustration. The taste of blood washed over my tongue as I realized I was biting the inside of my cheeks. Damned girl… Luckily, the dead end at the end of the corridor diverted my attention from the antagonizing girl. This was the place I knew she would end up. This was the trap, and she knew it. Protea examined the corridor that led to nowhere. She looked at the hatch-like door that stood about four feet high, set in the middle of the wall. It was a silly, standard issue escape hatch, essentially. Elysians were stupid enough that they never considered making a decent one because they were arrogant enough to think they'd never need one. I couldn't help but roll my eyes at the CCB's security system. I had seen better security at a pub. Protea, however, did not reflect my distain. Instead, she took to foolishly wailing as loud as possible, sending out a beacon for the security droids. My face screwed up in a startled position. Normally, I was used to the sound of weeping women; it was just part of my job. But seeing Protea cry these desperate tears… What is happening to me? When I looked at my device, it indicated that the hatch lead nowhere. How fucking useful is that, then?! Goddamn Elysium. \"Just kill me…\" I stiffened at the girl's words. There was so much desperation in them. She sounded so tired of everything… I thought hard about what she had wanted me to do earlier. She wanted me to help her kill Delacourt for killing her family. She wanted to take over Elysium, with my help. Why did she persist on staying just within my reach, but so far out of it? What was it about her that made me so unsure of myself? And why did I want to keep her safe? I sighed deeply, knowing I was forever going to regret what I was about to do. \"Delacourt can wait.\" Just as a herd of Armadyne bots tumbled around the corner, I ripped open the escape hatch door with newfound strength. Sunlight shone in through the little door overlooking all of Elysium. This is gonna be a long way down… I dove for the mesmerizing girl, already curled up. I scooped her into my arms, and before she registered what was happening, flung her out the hatch. I shot the Armadyne tinker toys the bird before diving head-first out the open hatch after Protea. I had been trained to fall. Piloting the Raven, I had to know what to do in case of an emergency evacuation. Falling was the easy part; landing hurt like a bitch. My trajectory was straight down. Expertly, I pulled my arms to my sides and shot forward, getting closer to the falling Protea. When I was close enough, I spun her around in the air. She was unconscious, but she found enough strength to cling to my chest as we barreled through the sky some two hundred feet above the ground. Desperately, I pulled at a tab on my breastplate. It had to be the parachute. There was a fleeting moment of terror when I tugged at it. If my instincts weren't right, gravity would pile drive me into the ground through Protea. At least, if I died this way, I'd finally get under her skin. I braced when I gave a final yank. I heard the chute billow open. My arm slung protectively around Protea and locked in a vice grip. The parachute billowed pathetically as we sailed through the air like a bullet. It didn't deploy correctly. Fuck . With fevered urgency, I spied a swimming pool large enough to host a small country and bucked my body in its direction. With what little fabric had deployed as the chute, I was able to aim straight for the water. I channeled all my remaining energy into holding onto the girl. Even though we were headed for water, this landing would break bones, I knew that much. At the very last second, I twisted in the air so that Protea was above me. 'Brace for impact.' The water felt like ice; cold and solid. In my head, I heard my ribs popping and my hip shatter. Protea was ripped upwards from my arms. Though I still clung to her, I felt her body awkwardly thrust up in the water. Amidst the chaos, I felt a jolt of fear for the girl. Something in my black heart told me my own injuries didn't matter. All that mattered was getting her to safety. Gathering the limp Protea in an agonized movement, I shattered the surface of the crystalline water. I limped through the water, keeping Protea as high above the surface as possible. The pain of my broken hip would not hinder me. I gritted my teeth hard against the agony and waded out of the pool. Fortunately, it was one of those gradual, rampy-type pools that only filthy rich people could afford. I half limped, half dragged myself and the girl out of the water. The CCB building loomed to my right, glinting like a blade in the sunlight. There was a lush, manicured lawn to my left and a white marble house at the end of it. I thought about taking the house by force, healing Protea on a Medbay and leaving her there. She was smart enough that she'd find her way from there. She wouldn't have to deal with me anymore. Fuck! Not a part of this bloody heaven. It dawned on me that neither of us had Elysian citizenship, and therefore, couldn't use a Medbay. Desperation threatened to cloud my mind. I couldn't let that happen. Sodding wet, deadweight in my arms, and in agony, I managed to creep off into the bushes out of sight. I picked a shady spot under cover of the foliage of a palm tree. Getting to the ground three feet from me was gonna be difficult. Clenching my jaw tightly against the pain that ensued as I crouched, I managed to get low enough to the ground that I could plunk myself down. A plunk never hurt so much. I readjusted the broken girl in my arms. I laid her beside me, leaning her against my chest. She was so vulnerable. When she was awake, she was vicious, but incapacitated… Tempted, my hand snaked down towards her waist, intending to take a feel while I could. Strangely, as if guided by invisible strings, it changed course from her ass to her hips. I gingerly pressed down with two fingers. If my instincts were right, she had a bad break in the crash. Sure enough, even in her unconscious state, I saw her pretty face crinkle in pain. I felt a twang in my chest just then. The sight of this girl dead to the world, and maybe even dead, made me feel something I hadn't felt in a long time; despair. I don't know how long I sat there with her. The sky began to darken in the light of early dusk. I supposed that no one was looking for her anymore. They had just assumed I finished the job when I threw her out the window. They will look for the body. They won't find it. Ever. I decided there, in the simulated Elysian night, that I would keep her safe forever…[Chapter 10] Chapter 9 Soft light pours in through the milky blinds of my room. I shift awake, and stare lovingly at the soft rays. I always love the feeling of being roused by the idyllic sun. The starchy lavender sheets rustled as I pull them back over my head. I smile gently as I blink away the sleep in my eyes. Today was Erick's birthday. He would turn nine today. He grew up so quickly, overnight it seems. This place truly is Elysium , I think to myself, grateful for everything I have. A soft thud emanates from downstairs, followed by a yelp. How strange , I think as I draw the sheets back, letting my feet drop to the floor. A pound on my door. They come crashing in, three or four of them. They cuff me, bag my head, render me terrified. I awoke with a start. Pain seared through my body like liquid agony. I uttered a sharp hiss, waking the snoozing cobra. I felt his arm tighten around my shoulder. There was something about the gesture that felt protective. I heard him grunt softly as he shifted awake. Cautiously, I peered up at him. His face was screwed up in pain. Out of pure surprise, I asked, \"Are you okay?\" I felt him stiffen as if he were electrified. I heard a sharp intake of breath before he answered gruffly. \"Fine.\" His voice dripped with indifference, but I could hear pain stifled behind it. It aggrieved me mentally to admit that I was now completely mesmerized by Kruger. His flip-floppy attitude confused me, and his dangerous then playful disposition unnerved me. Any way I looked at it, there was no definitive answer I could grasp. Would Kruger kill me? Would he release me? Would he give me to Delacourt? Would he fight for me? All these questions rattled harshly like bells in my brain. I was surprised Kruger didn't bark a demand to keep them quiet. \"You don't sound fine…\" My voice was thick with pain and spite, but through it, I heard a familiar sarcasm. I was feeling more like myself for the first time in days. \"I'm fine ,\" Kruger barked, pain still evident in his voice. He sighed. \"As soon as I get out of hea, I'm gonna down a gallon and a half of any booze I can find…\" I found it in myself to chuckle. \"I could use a drink…\" Kruger thought for a moment while I rested. \"I think it's about time we leave this god-forsaken place.\" We? \"Can you stand?\" It was an honest question, concern thick in its delivery. I didn't know if I could answer it justifiably. \"I don't know…\" I honestly didn't. If it hurt as much to tense my muscles, I could not bear to imagine the pain of simply standing up. \"Look,\" Kruger began, \"if you ever want to get out of here, away from Elysium; away from me , you're going to have to get up.\" His strength was undeniably astonishing. Without warning, he scooped me up in his arms and stood. I let out a cry of anguish as my body crumpled without my control. Pain raced through my body, clouding my judgment further. The only thing I could do was scream in pain, my arms wrapped around Kruger's neck. The pain lasted an eternity. Black spots obstructed my vision, threatening me with another blackout. I fought my hardest to stay awake against the hellish pain. Through the fog of agony, I heard a grunt of effort come from Kruger; the same kind of grunt that comes when stifling a cry. I was vaguely aware of my surroundings. A tall, three-story marble house, more like a fortress, stood dominating the skyline at the end of an expanse of well-manicured grass. The struggle coursing through Kruger was like a buzz I could feel. He was injured, albeit not as badly as I was, it seemed, and the pain was killing him. The fact that I was still in his arms honestly surprised me. The way he held me was not in a guarding, dominant way; it was protective . I continued to wail in agony, the pain too much to bear. The house approached, looming in front of us. I could scarcely hear anything amidst my own screams, but I heard voices raised in confusion and a door sliding open. \" Who's there? What's happened? \" \"Just open the fokkin' door!\" The black spots got larger, threatening to plunge me into another state of unconsciousness. My throat was hoarse. I was now gasping against the pain, unable to scream or even speak. Kruger's voice rang above everything else, loud and clear. \"You! Get a medical kit, anything you have!\" \"But, sir, who are—\" \" Now! \" Sounds of frightened people shuffling around echoed through my skull. We must be inside the marble fortress. Quick to take control of the situation, Kruger was already barking commands into his communicator. Kruger raised the communicator that was wrapped around his forearm. He growled a command at it and it lit up obediently. He was signaling Crowe; commanding his remaining comrade to pick him up from an Elysian suburb three kilometers away from the CCB. In the back of my head, I was still awake. How did we get from the top of the CCB to three kilometers into a suburb…? I could only speculate as to how it all happened. Letting my thoughts be replaced by the haze of pain, I felt myself being lowered into a cushy place, one with an embrace of down and fluff. I heard several voices reverberate around me; some accusatory that were met with ferocity, others that were just plain frightened, and some that were simply shocked. One voice in particular stood out above Kruger's angry roars, a deep, soft voice, asking me ' are you alright?' My eyelids fluttered, trying to open enough for me to see the angelic voice. A young man, who looked to be about in his late twenties, was gazing down at me with big, artificially paled brown eyes. Though his face was screwed up in concern, he looked devilishly handsome. For a moment, I forgot where and who I was. I gazed up at him like an orphaned pup, unaware of anything but the present moment. Blinking slowly, I croaked, \"Hello…\" The man's eyebrows furrowed in amusement, a soft laugh lingering of his full lips, \"Hello, there…\" Bright white teeth glittered like stars against his dark face. His smile was dazzling, full of warmth and kindness. He looked at me a little longer, his hand gingerly brushing a hair aside on my forehead, then resting upon it to check temperature. I could only stare, grateful for the human emotion clouding the man's face. More shouts came from beyond me. Kruger's voice rang loudly, echoing through a sort of corridor. \"Get me a medical kit, please !\" Even with the word 'please', his inquiry was more of a demand. Another voice, high pitched and estranged, pitched shrilly above Kruger's. \" Who are you and what are you doing in Mr. Leopold's house?! This is unacceptable! Show me your ID now !\" The man above me ducked away. I craned my head to look after him. \"Cassandra! Clam it! \" He shouted sternly, silencing her. He assessed the situation before continuing calmly. \"First of all, I'd like to ask what happened.\" He addressed Kruger. \"Please, explain yourself. What is it you want?\" Agent Kruger was staring daggers at the man, clearly not happy with the stalling that seemed to be going on. Jaw tight, he answered slowly, \"I want your medical attention. Get it. For her.\" He motioned towards me, hands in tight fists at his side. I noticed he was slumped forward, favoring all his weight on one leg, barely standing on the other. His eyes were black; murderous. He would kill if he didn't get what he wanted, if not out of necessity, out of pure anger. \"Alright,\" the man, presumably the owner of the house, held up his hands for peace. \"We'll get you medical attention—\" \"Not for me, for her ,\" Kruger roared angrily, fire burning behind his coal-black orbs. \"Alright, alright, for her first,\" the man continued calmly. \"Then, we'll attend to you, sir. Judging from your uniform, I would say… mercenary?\" Kruger only glared. \"Still active duty?\" No response. The man ventured closer. \"Recently deactivated…?\" Still no response. Only pure hatred. \"I'll take that as a yes…\" the man smiled, mischief surging across his lips. The way he was totally undaunted by Kruger was incredible. The fury in Kruger's glare was enough to kill a small animal. The homeowner simply stared back at him with a blank, amused expression. If Kruger wasn't broken, the man would surely be dead by now. He could read Kruger like a book. Something told me that this man was a force to be reckoned with, regardless of his kindly, composed demeanor. \"My name is Marcele Leopold. And you are…?\" Kruger's lip couldn't help but jolt upwards in a sneer of derision. Marcele looked him up and down. \"Well I suppose it isn't that important then…\" He turned to address the woman named Cassandra. \"I'll go fetch the med-kit. I believe I have some stabilizers.\" Marcele left the room while Cassandra with a knowing look. \"Watch them…\" he muttered as he passed by. Kruger strode across the room, limping quickly, as quickly as his unidentified injuries would allow. I watched him with concerned eyes as he hobbled towards me. When he reached my side, I grasped his hand. He stiffened at my touch, but otherwise did not look away. Cassandra watched us almost disgustedly, head high, staring at us down her nose. \"Kruger…\" I uttered, \"Where are we… What's happening?\" \"It's alright, princess, you'll be fine.\" He gazed down at me with pale green eyes, a look of contrived assurance on his face. I thought it appropriate to ask a question I had been dying to know all this time. \"Do you know that your eyes change color…?\" Through a tight smile, he laughed drily. \"What?\" \"Yeah,\" I murmured, \"from black to green. Why's that…?\" \"Must be the light…\" He smiled a little more genuinely, softer than before, the tension seeming to drip off his face. In a moment, his mirth was gone, precisely when Marcele re-entered the room, a small metal box in his hands. \"Here we are,\" he said as he approached the other side of the couch. If Kruger were an animal at this moment, he would be a hound, trained to attack on cue. His metaphorical hackles were raised in the presence of the other male. If I were not in the middle of it, a fight for territory would no doubt explode. I could not believe the physical crackling of energy and intensity between the two men. \"Looks like you had a bad break, whatever happened…\" Marcele looked up at Kruger with a demeaning, accusatory glance. Kruger bristled defensively. \"I have this stabilizer here,\" –he held up a small, spider-like metal object– \"that will attach to the small of your back and support whatever area that is broken, acting as a temporary crutch.\" \"You seem to know a lot about this stuff,\" I mentioned, finding my voice, finally. \"Are you a doctor?\" Marcele laughed. \"Yes, luckily for you, I am. Spent ten years, after university, working for the Elysian headquarters as a staff doctor, then got elevated to working at the CCB, which is why I recognize your friend here…\" A sidelong glance was all I needed to see to know that these two breeds despised each other already. \"Well I'm awfully glad I landed on your front lawn…\" I smiled, absentmindedly, caught in between pain and fascination. \"So am I,\" Marcele laughed, gazing at me with his mocha colored eyes. We stared at each other a little longer than was acceptable for Kruger, for he rudely interrupted, \"Okay! That's enough flirty-flirty.\" He glared at Marcele. \"More worky-worky.\" A venomous glance at Kruger let me know to let go of his hand and push him aside. He didn't move, of course, just stood glaring as he had been for the last six minutes. Marcele prepared to attach the stabilizer to my hip. He pulled aside my shirt to get at the blue and black and bruised area. I could almost see Kruger's eyes bulge out of his head in contempt. Marcele effectively ignored him as he continued to question me. \"So where exactly did you come from then, angel?\" Out popped the eyes. \"Didn't drop out of the sky, did you?\" I winced in pain as the stabilizer attached itself to my bone it wasn't a terrible pain, just an intense pinching one. \"To be honest, I don't exactly know what happened…\" I looked up at Kruger for answer, but he was too busy trying not to strangle Marcele. \"The last thing I remember was escaping from the prison at the CCB. I blacked out. And then I woke up on your front lawn.\" At first I wondered if I had said too much. Marcele seemed to be an understanding person, aware of the human condition, but he could just as easily alert the Elysian authorities to come and pluck me, broken or not, from the wreckage. I trusted him, however, considering that he was still willing to help me. And Kruger, for that matter, regardless of his obvious revulsion. \"So… Fugitive then?\" The question caught me off-guard. I supposed I was now a fugitive. The title sounded completely alien to me. \"Yeah… Fugitive…\" I mumbled, the pain from my pelvis suddenly subsiding greatly. I realized that Marcele had placed a squishy red cold-pack on my bruised area. I sighed in relief. \"Thanks…\" \"No problem…\" Marcele continued to work in silence, prepping the stabilizer-spider thing. Suddenly, I heard the whirl of the Raven's engines outside. And almost immediately following, the sound of a loudspeaker bellowing orders. \" This is the Elysian government. Please remain in the craft unless ordered otherwise. You are under arrest. Repeat, you are under arrest by order of the Civil Corporation Bureau. \" In a flurry of action, Crowe and another man in similar gear burst through the sliding glass door, shattering it effectively with the butt of their guns. \" Boss !\" Crowe yelled amidst the madness, desperation thick in his voice. \"We gotta scram! CIA is on our tail! Come on!\" The other man piped up. \"If you want to live to fight another day, we gotta move.\" Kruger only looked blankly at his men, then back to me, then back to them. He deliberated with a blank face. The blankness lasted for a moment or two, before anger surged forward. He whipped around to grasp Marcele by the collar. \"Is she healed?\" \"Well, sort of—\" \" Is. She. Healed. \" Marcele couldn't respond. Fear clouded his chocolate brown face, his eyebrows lifting in shock. Unsatisfied, Kruger shook him, shrieking now, \"IS SHE HEALED?!\" \"Yes! Mostly! I just need to—\" Before Marcele could finish, Kruger threw him aside. There was a pounding at the front door and deep, mechanical voice demanding that someone open it. Kruger turned to his men. \"New guy, come and get her. Crowe, get the ship ready now !\" The new man did as he was told and approached the couch, but he didn't grab me. He grabbed Kruger. \"What?\" Kruger's confusion turned threatening, pain furrowing his brow. \"We have to go now , boss!\" Crowe stepped forward, taking his boss' other arm. Together with the other man, they began to drag their superior towards the Raven, strategically landed out on the broad, marble patio outside, out of firing range. Kruger was at first unsure of what was happening. He stared at me as he stumbled backwards, brow furrowed and eyes glossy. AS he realized he was being separated from me, only then did he begin to struggle. He fought like the devil to get out of the grasp of his comrades, who each had tubular, metal apparatuses attached to their backs, hips and heads. Kruger bellowed with rage, shaking the very walls of the great marble mansion. \" PROTEA! \" And with one final struggle, Crowe had to cuff his leader with the butt of his gun. Kruger fell limp and was dragged off into the Raven. That was the last I saw of him before I blacked out yet again.[Chapter 11] Chapter 10 KRUGER He wished he had stayed dead at that point; for nothing he had ever known compared to the intangible pain in his heart now. Intangible; something he could not grasp, or heal with any technology or medicine. Nothing in the world here or the one above could heal his black and broken heart. I had never cried before. Ever. It was never acceptable, as a boy or as a man, ever. The man who taught me to fight, not feel, the man I had once called father, never accepted it. The thin red lines of my past, scars, encumbering my forearms like the tattered threads of the burlap cloak I now bore reminded me every day of his tyranny. My life had been a cruel one. Lacerations inflicted, bruises perpetuated, mental scars were everyday but still, I did not cry. The man who faced me in the shattered mirror now was otherworldly. Bleeding knuckles from perforating the pitiful drywall of the harrowing place I now called home. Lips were torn and ragged from wailing in wrath. Gashes from clawing at my own manifestation, trying to be rid of the memories that always came flooding back whenever I saw it. Cruel metal bio-implants now punctuated the torn-up expression, mocking, glittering, with the reminder of human inferiority and susceptibility. I was adorned with metal, bio-armor off the black market. Above all, what disturbed me the most was the eyes; red, bloodshot, glossy, wild. For three long days, I had been like this. Since I was torn from her , I had been like this. Now, I cried. Hysteria wracked me endlessly, hindering my temperament, making me more ruthless than ever before. I could not control this feeling. This feeling I had never known, never been exposed to. The hardships, war and violence had desensitized me beyond the point of feeling anything human. So I thought. It would be so much easier if I was void of all emotion; a machine only sent with an order to kill and retrieve. Not a slave to command, but a dog of war. A merciless, cold-blooded monster bred to kill is what I was, groomed from the dawn of my life to be a monstrosity invulnerable to the emotion that had always hindered humanity. I never knew what human was. Darkness had been injected, become a part of my being, from a very young age. I had lived forever since then, and the past was nothing but ancient dust now, but the pain had never been so potent. Not like it was now. Being locked away was probably not the best option, then again, neither was being amidst humanity. I should be chained like the perilous creature inside me, who had broken free of its bondage and tore apart any last shred of mercy I had left in me. I was rabid, meant to be put down. Yet, no one could put me down. I was invulnerable. The derelict, wounded walls of my novel apartment mocked me, as if reflecting myself in its grime. Sunlight scarcely leaked through the ragged curtains, pooling on the floor only where I did not tread. Darkness was my only companion, and the light never struck me with its warmth. The apartment had belonged to a pair, a duo, cruelly ironic given the circumstances that I would have otherwise had another body to fill the bedroom opposite mine. Everything was shabby, uncleansed. It was as if it had been trampled over by years of neglect, though it had only been three long days. Crowe and the newest recruit, whose name I did not know, had made arrangements for their captain while I was incapacitated, trapped in my mental prison. For three days I did not talk, I did not eat. I barely interacted with them, the closest things I had to friends. I stalked through the streets of my new home, a broken city called Saphrihi, somewhere in eastern South Africa. It did not matter to me where I was, I still found myself looking for one particular face; the face of the one who had taken her away from me. I couldn't even say her name. Acrimonious saccharinity flooded my thoughts whenever I thought about her, which was all the time. The only time peace remotely came to me was in my dreams. They were blank; black, full of nothing, not even her. Reality only came to me when I was hunting. Right now, I was blatantly aware of my surroundings, she locked away in the back of my mind but far from forgotten. I had been re-activated, Delacourt having given the order as soon as the government had stopped looking for the body that had inexplicably disappeared. The body of their vengeful prisoner who had escaped their steely claws, who had even fallen through my own. But now, Delacourt had since forgotten her. There were other unfortunate souls who needed her attention, and so, here I was back on the prowl. My target was a man of 'refined' stature, rather, as close to 'refined' as one could get in this godforsaken shithole. He lived in a wealthier neighborhood, and by wealthier, they meant not as ghetto as the surrounding city. Beginning my stalk a day ago, I had already come close to my prey. I had stood beside him at the market and watched as he inspected each rotting piece of fruit before selecting a dozen. He had wandered away to obscure the view of people from other stalls with his preposterous amount of body fat. Shadowing him closely but not without acceptable distance, I waited until he was in a sheltered area, out of view of the crowds. When he did not comply with my silent commands to make himself scarce, he plodded into another bazaar down several blocks away. I was getting tired, my strength unavoidably being sapped by my malnutrition as of late. I had wished to be done with this hog and asleep in the apartment I was slowly beginning to accept as my own. His fate was not meant to be sealed that day. The fat man approached a stall and began to chortle loudly with the owner. The proprietor of the pottery stall looked to be about my size, my build, and my strength. He did not have the eyes of a murderer, though I wouldn't put it past the scars burdening his arms and legs that he wasn't not a cold-blooded killer. I decided to keep my distance, his obvious resilience similar to that of my own. Fighting someone my own size was not something I often enjoyed; I preferred to ensure my victory in a fight. Today, I had not found him yet. I traced my path from yesterday like a hound searching for prey. Sure enough, I found him surveying the food stalls again. Pig . I couldn't even come up with a decent insult. It would be mortifying if anyone could catch a glimpse inside my head. The weakness that went hand in hand with the wrath was like a permanent brand, visible only if consciously covered. Fortunately, weakness left me when I didn't focus on it. With distraction, I was able to forget the human emotion gnawing at me from within. The fat man walked around for a spell, stopping briefly to look at stalls absentmindedly. It seemed his mind was elsewhere; watching cautiously for something. Perhaps he knew I was on his tail, prey catching wind of a predator. A small gaggle of children ran towards him, screaming and yelling at him. I snorted amusedly at the scene happening before me from beneath my burlap cloak. The kids poked and prodded him annoyingly, each taking his attention away from the one that had scuttled up from beneath and swiped his wallet. The thief gave 'thumbs up' to his mates, who began to run after him out of the bazaar. Outraged, pink and glistening, the fat man flustered around, yelling curses after the kids. I had to admit that I was impressed at the kids, especially the one who had swiped the wallet from beneath the hippopotamus. The wallet that likely had and ID and an address. Confident I could find the fat man amidst the otherwise emaciated public, I followed the group of thieves out as far as the outskirts of Saphrihi. Several shacks dotted the train tracks cutting through the boundaries between the affluent and the extremely affluent. The kids walked along the tracks, balancing like alley cats. One by one, the group of five dissipated as they each went to their respective shacks. My target was the last, and was alone now. Speeding up to a jog, I quickly covered the ground between me and the child. The streetlamps were the only lights that shone against the inky blackness. Not even the moon shone, the smog of the city cruelly choking out its light. I was perfectly camouflaged, a chameleon in my own environment. I shadowed him until he was standing directly under a streetlight. \" Aye ! Kid!\" I barked out the darkness. \"Stop thea, boy.\" I saw the child stiffen, his arms going rigid at his side and his neck snapping to look behind him. He did not see anything, of course, just the orange glow of the lamp. \"Who's there?\" he called out. There was no inherent fear in his voice, though he looked terrified. Again, I found myself impressed at the boy's courage. He must have only been seven or eight, but I could see in his eyes he was aged beyond his years. \"No one,\" I answered abruptly, not revealing the hint of amusement in my voice. \"You got a wallet, boy, I think belongs to me.\" \"I ain't got your wallet!\" he retorted immediately. Fuck, he's toying with fire . My amusement grew as I looked at the eyes sheltered behind a shaggy, dark brown mop. The boy was facing me now, and even though he couldn't see me, I knew he was looking at me. I snorted contemptuously. This insolent grub was brave, I gave him that. I guess he deserved a look at the face of terror. With a steely gaze, he watched me as I stepped forward out of the darkness. The look on his face didn't change from cautious arrogance, though mine tilted up into a half-smirk. The boy's skinny little arms crossed in front of his chest. The steel in his brown eyes reminded me of my own. \"What's your name, boy?\" He stared straight at me, unwavering. \"Drake Tomlin, but people call me Drakey.\" \"Alright, little Drakey ,\" I sneered, mirroring his crossed arms in a mocking gesture, \"let's see that wallet you took off the fat man today, eh?\" Drake stiffened again, his wild brown eyes growing wider. He knew what he had something I wanted and was prepared to test me for it. \"What's it to ya?\" he retorted hotly. \"Well you see, little guy, I need it. It's got the name of my target, you see, and his home address—\" \"So that's what you are then? An assassin?\" he interrupted excitedly. \"Do you hunt people? Do you have a gun? Are you a mercenary? What's your rank?\" All his questions hammered my sore brain, increasingly agitating me. Since he was only a child, I stayed my blade. As much as I wanted to put an end to his incessant chattering, I felt a soft spot for the boy. From what I could establish, he was courageous, cunning and clever; the perfect makings for a perfect soldier. However, right now, he was only annoying. \"Shut up!\" I snapped, making the boy jump backwards a step. \"I'll ask again,\" I said with a raised eyebrow, \"may I have that wallet you've got in your possession?\" Drake pondered for a moment, deliberately toying with me. Finally, he tilted his head in mock interest. \"Can I come with you?\" I stared at him, brow furrowed. \"What?\" The question had honestly caught me off-guard. He asked again; same volume, same unwavering confidence. I considered it for a moment, surprisingly. I had just considered him making a fine soldier; I could take him under my wing, however uncharacteristic of me it would seem. But then again, who would ever, let alone a child, want to train under my supervision? It was confusing, but not unnatural for me lately, for me to be so out of character. After thinking briefly about it, I asked, \"So there's no other way you'd give me the wallet then, eh, boy?\" When he shook his head, I chuckled at his untiring persistence at testing me. \"Fine, you can follow when I go to fetch mister…?\" I motioned for him to toss me the wallet, which he flung to me readily now. Opening it, I read the ID of my target. \"Mr. Veteriage ,\" I chuckled, remembering a similar word in Afrikaans. \"So he really is Mr. Fatty, then, eh?\" Drake laughed as well, picking up the resemblance as well as I did. \"So where is this Mr. Fatty anyways then, assassin?\" I looked back at the ID. \"Says here he lives in the upper east end, on the ocean.\" I looked at him. \"Little far away from home, eh, boy? You sure?\" Drake looked down at his ragged shoes, kicking aside a stone. \"It's no problem for me, assassin. I ain't got no home here anyway… Or anywhere, for that matter…\" The forlorn look in his eyes was real, guttural. I recognized it immediately because I had seen it every day in the mirror for the last three days. Pursing my lips, I decided. \"Alright, then, Drakey. Let's git a move on. The earlier we start for the upper east end, the sooner we get to our prey.\" The light in his eyes was very satisfactory, and from then on, I had myself a little comrade. Her memory didn't daunt me quite as much, but the memory of her still lingered with a dull, intangible ache.[Chapter 12] *Author's Note: Hello readers! I am pleased to announce that Cobra Strikes has reached 2,000 reads! Thank you for your on-going support and patience!* Chapter 11 I was enveloped in darkness. I heard the faint sounds of life bustling around me. The sharp squeak of rubber soles on tile pricked my hearing, giving me that irritating clench in my jaw. I heard hushed voices, an alto and a tenor; a man and a woman. The questions I had reeling through my head seemed to drown themselves out. Nothing made sense. It was now a natural feeling, confusion, and now I just went with whatever seemed to be happening in the present moment. The present was what was most important. Not the past, and not the future. The future was frightening for me, though. Being in a permanent state of confusion was not a state in which I wanted to be. I tried to blink my eyes, but found I couldn't. Something was covering them. A cold, recently dampened thing. Pawing at my face lightly, I gently pulled the cold thing away so I could see. I was looking up into a canopy of sorts. A silken curtain that hangs from the ceiling and reaches over the posts of a bed. It was a thing of my childhood; of my past. It comforted me slightly to know I was not in a steely cage or a slummy ghetto. It comforted me to know I was not dead. Blinking the sleep from my eyes, I lifted my head to look around. I was in a bedroom. It was plush, well-kept and tidy, like something you'd see in a romance film. A fire was burning in a majestic stone hearth, though I smelt no fire. It was artificial; articulated by technology. From that, I was able to ascertain that I was not anywhere on Earth. Instinct told me to be wary. My brow furrowed in caution. These surroundings seemed pleasant enough, but if there was anything I had learned in the last few days, it was that heaven was only an idea. Elysium was not heaven. It was simply a well-manicured, automated object, filled with those decadent enough to make another hurl by simply observing. I remembered now that I hated Elyisum. For endless reasons, and one above all; its people. As if somehow sensing my internal cue, its people walked into my luscious resting place. A black man, followed by a woman who looked to be of south-east Asian descent, walked over to the bed in which I laid. I heard the Asian woman speak, her shrill voice piercing through my hazy state. \"Mr. Leopold, we have to get her out of here! She should not stay any longer!\" The man spoke in a reassuring tone, trying to console her. \"Cassandra, please. Relax. She isn't going anywhere until she can say so. It will be her decision when she wakes up.\" \"But—\" \"But nothing. And that is my decision.\" He ushered the lady out of the room. Peace and quiet followed. Focus came to me. I heard the man sigh, sinking low into a cushy chair near the foot of the bed. Something in his voice was sad. I could hear the desperation thick in his deep tone. He scratched his head, which had a neat crop of curly black hair narrowing into a swirl shape near the nape of his neck. He was decorated, but not overly, unlike some of the other painted mannequins on this place. I shifted backwards, walking back on my elbows to raise myself. Over the edge of the puffy comforter, I peered at the man. His head hung down low in front of his shoulders. I wondered why he was so sad. I also wondered why I was where I was. \"Hi…\" I murmured quietly. I was not expecting such a large reaction from this apparent stranger. His head whipped back to look at me. The look of joy on his face was boundless. He practically jumped out of his chair as he leapt up an extra stair to the bedside. He rushed over to me, hands hovering over my arms as if I were about to fall. His pale brown eyes were glossy and red, as if he had been crying. I blinked lazily and rubbed my eyes. \"What, where and why.\" I saw no point in asking full questions anymore. They were so repetitive and chewed up in my mind. The same questions that all bred the confusion. Enough was enough. All I wanted was straightforward. No riddles. \"You were in a coma. My house in district thirty-five of Elysium. Because you're badly injured.\" He inspected me; my head, my eyes, my neck and body. While he was carefully hovering over me, I looked up from weary eyes and asked, \"Who…?\" His otherwise tentative face shifted for a second, into hurt. It flickered across for a brief moment before it returned to a hardened look. \"Marcele. You crashed into my pool.\" \"What?\" I bleated, shimmying upwards until I sat upright. I faced Marcele now directly. \"What happened?\" I demanded. I tried to get up, but pain wracked my body as I wrenched my leg aside. I fell back onto the bed, curling up in a fetal position, mouth wide in a silent scream. \"Whoa, whoa, relax! Everything's okay…\" I felt Marcele's arms gingerly curl around me. Feeling inherently safe in this man's arms, I pushed myself into the crook of his shoulder and began to cry. Raw emotion poured out of me and into his fine, red silk shirt. Salty tears streamed down my cheeks. Sound was void. My sobs were silent, as if caught in a silent film. The true nature of my situation sunk in. I was safe. I was free. From him. A jolt of recollection rocked my body. Everything from the last few days came rushing back to me in perfect clarity. I looked around rapidly, looking for a snake in the shadows. \"Where is he? Where?!\" I scrambled further into Marcele's arms. He wrapped me up reassuringly, letting me release all my emotions while still keeping me safe from myself. \"Relax,\" I heard his soothing voice from overhead coo. \"He's gone. He won't bother you anymore. You're safe.\" At first, I wondered if Marcele and I were talking about the same person. I knew who I was focused on. A venomous cobra, a snake that was neither merciless nor human. The mesmerizing terror of what I felt with sincerity were my final hours; my fate. I tried to relax, my body shuddering with each deep breath. Marcele held me, still, his humanly warmth keeping me grounded in the otherwise cold fathoms of my mind. When I could focus, the blur of tears in my eyes gone, I spoke. \"You said I was in a coma? For how long?\" \"Three days,\" he answered, disbelief thick in his voice. \"But… Why am I still here? Why aren't I in prison?\" I paused, thinking hard. \"Or dead?\" \"I turned the CCB away when they came to investigate. Seems that your boyfriend's men—\" \"He is not my boyfriend,\" I hissed angrily, interrupting him, making clear my boiling point. He continued cautiously, now clearly wary of my temper. \"—were followed by the government. Your captor gave them his coordinates, and when they went to pick him up, they tracked them. Apparently, there was a conflict with Secretary Delacourt regarding the new guy. Something about leadership conflict, I don't know. They took tall, dark and scary back to earth when they scrammed. You don't have to worry about him anymore. I promise.\" The sincerity in his eyes made me break into a new crop of tears, not of sadness or terror, but of mirth and relief. I felt a smile blossom; a true one, a genuine one. I laughed. Although it sounded nothing like a laugh, something in between a squeak and a snort, it was contagious. Marcele chuckled softly, his furrowed brow relaxed. I hugged my liberator, thankful for the weight of the world that had been lifted off my shoulders. But I still had the weight of Elysium crushing me like a wrecking ball. Releasing the poor man from my death-hug, I settled back into the downy pillows. \"So… What happens now? Do I get arrested? Are you going to take me back to my execution? I'm sure you'd make a pretty penny… I am a fugitive, after all…\" The word tasted funny in my mouth. Few-jit-tive. Gah... Marcele laughed. \"I don't think so,\" he said softly. \"You've gotten this far. You could use a break.\" \"Yeah, I think I'm good,\" I mumbled, looking down at my hip, still bruised and blackened. The last thing I remembered was Kruger telling me I had a broken pelvis, and the unimaginable pain. Kruger. That word, however, had a peculiarly nostalgic taste on my tongue. I wondered briefly where he was, what he was doing. If he was thinking of me… I sure was thinking of him. \"I'll ask again, what happens now?\" I asked firmly, all laughter forgotten at the thought of the cobra. \"Are you going to turn me in, now that I'm awake?\" \"I honestly thought about it, yes,\" Marcele replied just as firmly, though it sounded as though he was mocking me playfully. \"But I haven't had a chance to get to know you, to see if you really deserve it...\" He punctuated this with a wink of his pale brown eyes. Involuntarily, my heart fluttered. I felt a blush creep up my cheeks. I turned away shyly, not wanting to let this stranger know I found him charming. I was grateful for his understanding and gentle nature. \"So you aren't going to turn me in?\" \"No. I promised I'd fix you up. And I intend to keep that promise.\" He straighten out. \"Now, I can't heal you with my own hands. You need a Medbay. And you don't have any proper citizenship.\" He gestured down to my wrist. \"What's your story, anyway? I don't even know your name…\" He sat on the edge of the bed, still wary of my bipolar attitude. He deliberated for a moment, frowning. \"Listen… I understand completely if you don't trust me. I can only imagine what a state you're in. I'd like to understand you… You're a mystery…\" My brow furrowed, considering his words. He was being sincere, a pleasant change from the uncertainty and cruelty surrounding me lately. \"Okay then,\" I said, readjusting to a comfortable position on the bed. \"Ask me anything.\" \"How'd you end up with beardy? Can't imagine a girl like you'd ever sport a bloke like that.\" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" I bristled, offended slightly. \"A girl like me? 'Sport'?\" He frowned, shaking his head. \"I don't know, just… You seem like you're above him. Way above. Like, Elysium above. He's just a soldier and a dirty one at that…\" He trailed off, disgust imminent in his voice. I could only wonder why he, one who hadn't actually met Agent Kruger before, detested him so much. If I ever had the courage to, I would ask him about it later. \"Yeah... I'm not exactly an angel... You see, Delacourt was on my tail as soon as I started my mission nearly four years ago.\" \"What mission was that?\" Marcele asked politely and curiously. \"If you don't mind my asking,\" he added consciously. \"I was sending money from Elysium to fund an escape project. I was working with some hackers on Earth to send carriers to Elysium so that people dying could get help. But no, the CCB can't have illegals anywhere near their precious heaven...\" I trailed off, boiling in my hatred for the decadent, and hating myself for having once been one. I saw Marcele cringe a little, so I tried not to be so cynical towards all of Elysium. Considering I had been in a coma without the authorities knocking at the door for the days in an Elyisum household, I figured the least I could do was be grateful without spite. \"So they traced the source of the funding back to me. They found me, bagged me, and deported me without a word... My family was distraught. So was I. Armadyne security dumped me in Los Angeles, rather, what remains of it. It's really just a poor excuse for a city now. Huge buildings without walls, and streets filed with vermin.\" Marcele nodded grimly, as if trying to imagine such a place. Taking his silence as a cue to continue, I recalled my first time on Earth. \"I don't even know how I survived, honestly. A rich-looking girl like me would be a prime target for the malicious cretonnes in the streets, right? Nope. Turns out, I blended in perfectly. As soon as I got some dirt on my face and some miles on my feet, I was unrecognizable. Completely invisible. I lived my life like that for the next two years... I stole what I needed and sold what I didn't. In time, I had bought a place of my own, and survived without anyone else.\" \"Must've been lonely.\" \"Wasn't really,\" I replied, caught in my nostalgia. \"I didn't interact much with people, but people interacted with me. I met a young man I eventually found out worked for my hackers-\" Marcele laughed. \"Your hackers?\" \"Well I DID employ them, technically!\" I chucked, feeling more uplifted. \"See, the hackers were infamous around where I lived at the time. When I told Ricky - that was the guy's name - my name he recognized my voice. He took me to head of command. Spider was his name. A big, burly dude with that 'I'm the shit' attitude about him. He had a son, I remember that... Little boy with a bum leg and a cane at the age of two... I decided then that I would help them as much as I could from Earth. They trained me to fight, to flee, to free. They wanted me to free thier captured men from the CCB Corp. within an army base. An army base!\" Marcele, who had been listening intently, was now leaning in further. The captivation on his face was priceless. He nodded urgently at me to continue. Chucking at his enthusiasm, I continued to weave the heroic and harrowing tale of the last few years of my life. \"So I went to the base. I freed the prisoners. No problem. The problem came later, when the mercenaries finally caught wind of us. Spider's men escaped while I tried to create a diversion.\" \"What was your diversion?\" Marcele couldn't help but ask, for I had paused unintentionally. The gravity of that day began to resurface. The day I met my fate, the lead-up to these last few. \"What?\" I asked, forgetting my place briefly. \"How did you divert their attention?\" \"Oh... I, uh... I burned their base to the ground. That was the single most idiotic choice of my life. And I'm paying for my idiocy.\" Marcele looked questioningly at me. \"My stupid choice is what brought me here. In a hover craft with a painted springbok on the door...\" *(Forget about Mark Delacourt. I'm discounting his character, if anyone really cared…)*[Chapter 13] Chapter 12 Shut It Now KRUGER Hunting was a primal instinct. Something he knew naturally. The skill of tracking and killing was as normal as breathing to him. Compassion, however, was quite a skill to be learned. The next day was one of the worst I had ever experienced. Nothing compared. The only one that might come close was the day I had my heart punctured with a katana. It was an awful, horrible, grievous, outrageous, terrible, heinous form of punishment not even I could endure... \"And then I told him, 'better back up, cause I'm packing!'\" Drake would not stop talking. I was not one to partake in copious amounts of conversation, and when I did, I was entirely drunk. Right now, I was utterly sober, and right now, I was willing to leap into traffic to get away from this unyielding, annoying little chatterbox. \"Then he dropped the box and ran away. I laughed after him like a pirate. You know, 'har-har-har'! That kind of thing. I carried the spoils back to the boys and we feasted like kings! OH! That reminds me of this time when I caught this farmer's alpaca...\" Since breakfast, I had given up on telling him to stop talking. Every time I snapped at him, he stared at me and continued his stories. Even when I physically threatened him, held him up against the wall with my katana to his throat, he looked at it, looked at me, and told me about the time he wanted to be a ninja. I had been second-guessing my merciful actions to bring him along. Drake's eight year old life story had not yet reached the end of its tales. He was still chattering about himself. I was honestly surprised, and a little hurt, that he had asked anything about me. The stranger who was armed to the teeth and had allowed him to follow along on a contract like a school field trip. I had a story to tell. Someone deserved to know that even I experienced humanity. \"ENOUGH!\" I finally bellowed. Drake's mouth snapped shut, his eyes wide. I stared him down, looming over him to make him physically bend backwards to look up at me. \"Now,\" I growled intimidatingly, \"are you going to shut your mouth, or am I going to shut it for you?\" He shook his head briskly, understanding that I was close to my limits with him. \"Good. Now let's continue. Perhaps we can play 'the quiet game', eh? Won't that be fun?\" I couldn't help the irritation that enriched my voice. The natural tendency to sass was coming back to me after the recent days of bitterness. I was feeling more like myself, admittedly around Drake, than I had the last few days. And even though he annoyed the fuck out of me, I liked having him around. \"Hey...\" Drake mumbled up at me expectantly. I raised an eyebrow. \"Um. My mom used to say, if you're ever lost, you should ask questions.\" Drake looked up at me, as if asking my permission to continue. I stalked away, walking towards the Raven's due landing space. Crowe and Abbott would be arriving shortly, considering I had signaled them an hour ago. The lazy bastards were probably so hungover. Drake skipped up beside me, skittering sideways on the dusty ground. \"So, so, so,\" he continued, \"since my mom said I should always ask questions, I should ask what your name is.\" He stopped in front of me, blocking my way. He seemed to realize his mistake and flinched, as if waiting to receive a wallop. I stared at him intently, startled a little at his show of fear. He must've come from a home similar to mine. I had felt that fear, that bracing for the strike. Perhaps that was why I had grown attached to the boy. I saw myself in him. \"I guess you should.\" He looked up at me with stars in his eyes, either out of respect or out of gratitude that I had not struck him. His eyes glittered now with curiosity. The least he deserved was to know the name of this idolized assassin. \"Kruger,\" I said simply. He didn't need to know my first name. No one did. \"Kruger...\" He repeated my name breathlessly, as if memorizing it. He looked up at me. \"Is that your only name? Like, that a last name or soemthing?\" His mouth dropped into an O-shape. \"Like a code name or something? I want one! I'll be...\" Before he could start to brainstorm, I clamped a gloved hand over his mouth. \"The quiet game, remember?\" I rolled my eyes and barked a command into my talkie at Crowe. \"Where the fuck are you guys? We're burning daylight.\" A crackle responded to my question, then Crowe's voice rang out above the interference. \"We'll reach your destination in thirty... twenty nine... twenty eight...\" While he was counting, I heard the heavenly whirl of my craft's engines soar past my head. \"Three... two...\" The Raven landed several feet away. The wind from the craft as it landed sent my hair whipping across my eyes. It nearly blew Drake off his skinny little feet, but above the roar of the engines, I heard an enthusiastic \"wicked!\" from the boy. Smiling widely as Crowe plundered out of the hanger door, I embraced him as though it had been days. He smelt of heavily of alcohol. \"Damn, you betta not be driving my craft with that much bubble in your blood, mate!\" I roared over the engines, clapping him on the back. I didn't give him time to respond before I jostled him back towards the Raven. I was still more than pissed at him for the incident on Elyisum. He never went into details as to why the Elysian government had tracked him to the proletariat's house, only that he wasn't proud of what he did. I had rolled my eyes at him and docked him this week's pay. I was in the mood to do much worse, however, three long days ago. \"Let's go, Drakey!\" I called to the boy, who eagerly ran over to me when I signaled to him. The look on Crowe's face was priceless. Something caught between amusement and disbelief. I howled with laughter, and slapped his back playfully again. \"I'll git you acquainted on the way.\" The three of us shuffled our way through the dust being kicked up to the Raven's hanger. Once we were all inside and secure, only then did I address Crowe's suspicion. \"This hea is Drakey,\" I introduced. \"'Ello!\" Drake piped up enthusiastically, waving his hand madly at Crowe. \"Ow's ya doin', gov'na?\" I could see Crowe bristle angrily. Drake had picked up Crowe's English nationality and mocked it before he knew what Crowe's temper was like. Luckily for him, though, Crowe was relatively docile and thought before he acted. But at this rate, the only way Drake would survive the journey was if I physically placed myself between the two of them. \"Drakey, Crowe.\" \"Hey ya, squirt,\" the pilot grumbled, knowing that since his superior officer had invited the child aboard, he had no choice but to deal with the pest. Crowe now turned to me. \"Abbott's flyin' now, sir. Got to admit I been out drinkin' more then I shoulda... Thought it best to test-drive the new co-pilot.\" \" Ja , good thing, too. Now you and Drakey can git better acquainted!\" I clapped his back and scrambled to the cockpit without another word. Abbott glanced back at me briefly before returning his eyes to the sky. When he didn't say anything, I awkwardly asked \"so how's our course?\" \"We should be at the upper east end in twenty minutes. Sir.\" The way he spoke was mechanical. I didn't like a man who was afraid to address his captain any way other than as if under inspection. He made me uncomfortable, plain and simple. Frowning at his turned head, I sat down in the pilot's seat. As I did, I heard Drake and Crowe beginning to argue about something. Their voices heightened, bickering loudly about which was better; rugby or football (in the English sense). I could sense that this argument would either make or break a friendship between the two of them. I snorted with amusement and turned my eyes forward to watch the city below vanish into rolling green jungle. Since the co-pilot wasn't interested in being any kind of conversational, I laid back and rested for the rest of the journey. Being left to my own thoughts wrought me with agony once again. Without distraction, I was only left to think about one thing, one girl that had changed my life, whether or not I wanted to admit it. She was the one thing that ever made me question myself. My instincts were never wrong and worse yet, I had never let a target escape me. Then again, I had never felt desire for a target. It was desire I had felt then, and what I felt now. Though the feeling was alien to me, I was beginning to understand what it was. I knew what attraction was; I hadn't earned the title of 'lady-killer' because I was incompetent around the opposite gender. I knew what lust was, yes, but this wasn't lust, no. There was a depth to it I couldn't fully comprehend. A sort of longing to be beside her, to be with her, to protect her from harm. Now that I would surely never see her again, I was terrified of myself. Of what I would turn into. I was bred to be a monster, yes, but even monsters experienced existential crises. I hadn't realized that Abbott had been droning at me, telling me that we had landed near Mr. Veteriage's property. I removed my iron grip from the armrest, and trudged back into the hanger. Crowe and Drake were still arguing about their sports, each fiercely defending with attacks on the other. \"What good is it to kick a ball?! Ya pick it up, run with it, and tackle anyone who tries to take it! THAT'S a real sport!\" \"That's where skill comes into it! Anyone can pick up a ball. It takes skill to defend your goal. Skill and strength! Brains and brawns!\" They each stopped when they noticed me staring at them. A depressed expression still hung on my tired face, dragging the corners of my mouth into a scowl. Crowe looked concerned while Drake looked inquisitively at me. \"What?\" I snarled. \"Nothin'...\" \"Good. Let's go. We're hea.\" Drake obediently got up from his seat while Crowe stayed sitting. He would stay here and monitor the airspace while Abbott, now Drake, and I would take our target. I hated taking chances when I was about to kill. I always played it safe, eliminated the variables. I was always so sure... A spray of ocean breeze hit my face as soon as I stepped out of the Raven. The fat man's house was sizable. It looked more like a small mansion than a house, spanning three stories directly up. It had a clinical feeling to it. White, pristine walls stuck out against the dull landscape, looking not at all like the upper-class shacks surrounding it. There was something about the house that struck me as odd. \"Careful,\" I said, unconsciously holding a hand before Drake. Abbott stopped, scanned the area and continued forward. He held his gun aimed at the front door of the house, pointed towards the grand bay window that looked into the main foyer of the home. He stalked forward low, like a cat stalking prey, until he reached the front porch. I saw him turn his head to signal me forward just before a loud crack emanated from beside his head. Instinctively, I dropped to the ground, dragging a heavy hand down on Drake's shoulders. I heard a grunt when he hit the floor, and I held an arm over him protectively. For several long moments, nothing happened. There was silence. I thought for sure that Abbott was dead, the crack having had something to do with his head. Fortunately, my right hand was still alive, crouched low to the ground, alert to whatever had made the sound. It sounded like a hollow gun shot, the kind of sound that tried to be stifled by redirecting it. From my highly educated guess, someone was in a gun fight. I peered up from the ground, ignoring Drake's grunt of protest as my hand became heavier. I saw no telltale signs of a far-off assault, like a sniper trying to ward off bounty hunters. There was no bullet-hole beside where Abbott's head stood moments before. The front of the house was unscathed. As I was scouting, the sound came again, and again, the three of us flinched instinctively. Using my skillful hearing, I located the origin of the sound to be around the back of the house, near the boardwalk leading out to the ocean. Another crack sounded almost immediately after the second. Abbott and I both responded at the same time. Pouncing forward from a crouch, I side-stepped towards the side of the house, keeping an eye in front and behind me. Drake kept a steady pace, slowing down and speeding up when I signaled at him. He had picked up a piece of broken metal, a wickedly sharp broken rebar, and carried it like a spear, pointed towards the possible danger. He will make a good little soldier one day , I thought proudly for a moment, now all he needs to do is shut up... When we convened at the side of the house, Drake was the first to peer cautiously around the corner. Clutching his rebar, I saw him shiver, either with anticipation or fear. I gently pulled him away from the edge of the house, laying a heavy hand on his skinny shoulder. \"Come away, boy. This ain't your turn to die.\" He looked at me with wide eyes, wondering how I was so prophetic and sure of myself. I only shook my head. If I knew what hunting was, it was competition. Someone else had gotten to the fat man. I had known he was a highly valued target. Delacourt had paid me handsomely for this kill. 'Dead or alive, I don't care, Agent 32,' she had said, 'just...dispose of the body if you prefer the former...' I could barely contain my laughter as she said that. The look on her face was priceless. Her aversion to anything remotely unclean, including me, was laughable. I wondered if she would appreciate a fat little head on her pretty Elysian doorstep. I braced, ready to anticipate a gruesome and gory scene, full of blood and horror. I honestly would have preferred gore to the guileless violence I saw when I turned around the corner.[Chapter 14] Chapter 13 Since telling him who I had been the last four years, Marcele had only managed to sputter with disbelief. The only life he had known was wealth and prosperity. The gravity of life began to sink in, it seemed. It was if the life I had experienced was unimaginable. Marcele filled me in on the last three days. Since blacking out, he had hidden me away in a bedroom while his housemaid, Cassandra, opened the door to the remaining Elysian police. With most of them having taken off after the Raven for whatever reason, the tension was decreased drastically. Two Armadyne bots, Marcele had explained, questioned Casandra at the door about a missing person and why the mercenaries had come to Marcele's house. With ease, she derailed their suspicions, ranting on about how they ought to be searching the CCB building and the area around that, not the suburbs, disturbing the sleep of many. Though she detested me and my crashing here, she liked me enough to turn away the government. That was the last kind thing she did for me, Marcele explained. \"She didn't even fluff your pillows when I asked her to!\" he joked. I could have easily been handed over to the police, then all their problems would be solved. Why I was still here, I couldn't imagine. I know if my current self had come through my doorway years ago, I would have the police on speed dial. Funny how things change. \"What are you thinking about?\" Marcele interrupted my thoughts. It took a moment to realize where I was. I was in a wheelchair, in a pristine looking waiting room. Expensive looking holograms hung on the walls around me, all displaying important pieces of art from the dawn of modem art, which was nearly a century old now. Picassos with overturned faces mocked the institution I found myself sitting in. \"Just thinking about what my new face will look like...\" \"You don't have to do this if you don't want to,\" Marcele noted gravely. \"I'm serious. You don't have to do this.\" I looked up at him seriously, a grim line pressed onto my lips. \"New citizenship, new ID... right? Makes sense to me...\" I bore down into my lap, eyes fixed on the space just before my feet. I could feel the wheelchair being pushed forward, but I couldn't comprehend what was happening around me. Voices sounded garbled in my ears. I buried myself in the last few scraps of decent memories I had left, focusing on only the bittersweet. There was no good memory without sadness or fear, so even bittersweet was like a fine nectar. Images of the past flickered across my vision. The day of my brother's birthday, just before I was captured and deported, flooded my memory with soft, warm sunlight. I closed my eyes, and imagined my old backyard. It was a beautiful deciduous area of Elysium, with simulated mountains on the horizon. Northern lights shone above at night, I remembered that. I could almost feel the sunlight glowing warm against my skin. Sunlight, shade, and breeze. The soft breathing of sleep. I remember looking up at a moment like that, and seeing him laying there with me, a protective arm draped around my shoulders. The warmth of that moment was bliss. Remembering it now made it all the sweeter. When he looked down at me, my heart fluttered. And that was the bitter part. I snapped out of my delirium with a start. Marcele was looking at me as if waiting for a response. His eyebrows were raised expectantly, as if he were asking a question, as we're the doctor's, who was now standing beside him. \"Hmm?\" prompted the doctor. \"What...?\" I mumbled absentmindedly. \"I said, will you please describe to me what you want your new identity to look like. You must have given this some thought.\" .I looked blankly at him. \"No. Not really,\" I said simply. I was under a haze. Everything felt numb, especially reality. \"Well, as you know,\" he looked to Marcele for a moment before turning back to me, \"the only reason I agreed to this operation was because I owe monsieur Leopold a favour.\" Marcele nodded, smiling like there was an inside joke going on between old friends. \"Regardless of the illegality of this scenario...\" He scratched his neck, which was littered with raised, inkless tattoos of old English words. The word 'perfect' scrawled in old cursive wrapped around the majority of his neck. I couldn't help but turn up a lip at the irony of what he was about to do to me. A plastic surgeon would be paid to take away my face, my memory and my past. Now I would have my memory erased, taken away, just like my physical identity. I had believed sincerely that Kruger would have been my end. As it turns out, fate was merciful. Perhaps it was fate that had torn him from me, or perhaps it was blind luck. I was free, but nonetheless, I still felt chained to the ground like an animal. Part of me wanted to forget, part of me wished it had never happened. But deep down, I knew there was a feeling that would have otherwise revolted me; affection. In the remotest sense. But even when I tried to convince myself the feeling was as far from legitimate as it could get, I always found myself reveling in its unlawful feeling. Maybe I was just attracted to danger, especially when it had pale green eyes and a manic tendency towards violence. How fucked up… \"Protea? You okay?\" Snapping out of 'unlawful' feelings, I glanced up at Marcele from my wheelchair. He looked very concerned. His handsome face was crinkled with uncertainty. He didn't want me to go through with this, this face change, but there was no way I could ever go back to the way things were. Protea Angelico was a fugitive, an outlaw. If she didn't die, I surely would, whoever I was at the time. Delacourt would have me on a platter. Kruger couldn't save me from her wrath the next time she saw me, no, I would not survive Delacourt a second time. \"There's no other choice...\" I murmured solemnly. \"Otherwise, I die. This is the only way, aside from the former. This is the only way I can stay hidden from her.\" And from him , I added silently. \"As long as you're sure about this…\" \"I am, Marcele,\" I nodded solemnly. I motioned for him to lean in further. \"I can't thank you enough for your help. I don't even know what to say.\" \"Just survive.\" \"Okay...\" The doctor seemed to be antsy and impatient. He motioned for Marcele to wheel me further into his office. \"Now please, don't be scared.\" I'm fucking terrified, you moron I spat at him, shooting daggers through my eyes. This is not who I am. You're changing me. Once again, I had to restrain my disdain for Elysians. I did like Marcele. He was different. It was if he were a different breed than the rest altogether. He had a modesty about him, without the weight of arrogance, not like a true born Elysian. Not like me. For a while, I had forgotten my heritage. I was an heiress, technically, though I never told anyone that. I would have been dead as soon as I was flung upon the streets of Los Angeles three years ago. I was an heiress to my parent's fortune. Since my mother was still alive and well, and would have been for some time, I had no worries about inheriting my family's fortune and having to decide what to do with it. With my father having supposedly died when I was young, I was taught the value of life from a young age. I was taught how to save and spend effectively, so that my output into the community came back to me. Of course, no six year old girl wants to learn how to complete a spreadsheet of taxes, but I was thankful for my mother's uptight methods eventually. She was part of the reason I started my mission so long ago, a mission I had no hope of fulfilling now… \"We're ready to begin the process,\" the doctor announced rather quietly. I hated the way he looked down his nose at me. Though I was physically below his level, the way he looked at me made me feel as though I were a rat picking through garbage. \"Please select your new facial features while I prepare your new citizenship.\" He walked away, leaving me and Marcele alone next to the twelfth generation Hyper-Bay. Elysium could truly do anything, it seemed. The machine that would change me and heal me at once was incredible, I had to admit. It was huge, nearly twice the size of a standard issue Medbay. White, sterile looking glass panes lined the side of the monstrous machine. Lovely golden vines were imprinted in the glass, spreading out along its length and glowing as if they were alive. The healing arm was gold, like the vines, and had pearlescent designs like the rest of the machine. A large, touch-screen control panel was presented on the side of the elliptical bay. On the screen currently, were faces of beautiful women around my age. The images did not look real; they were fake. Phony faces contrived by a machine that had a generated code of beauty. None of these women actually existed. They were all images, raw computer data, and I would soon take one of them, pluck their pre-conceived images from the database and make it a reality. My ethical and moral center was on fire, blaring alarms about how disgusting this was, how ridiculous this whole process is. But regardless of the voices in my head, the tech-savvy, Elysian genius in me was absolutely amazed. \"Wow,\" I mumbled, scrolling through the thousands of unique faces. Each one had a code, an unused citizenship. Was this how the government chose its citizens? Were all Elysians once computer generated images? These questions made my stomach churn with anxiety but also with anticipation. I found myself excited , however repugnant that sounded. \"That's a lot of options…\" Marcele mumbled, looking over my shoulder as I scrolled. \"How do I pick ? I mean, what if I don't like the one I pick?\" \"You can get it changed again,\" Marcele informed, almost proudly. \"Those are the perks of knowing me,\" he punctuated with a wink. Damn, he's incredible, I thought dreamily, all feelings of anxiety forgotten in his silky brown eyes. Since I first met him, I had felt safe with Marcele. Though he was still a stranger to me, I felt as though I could trust him to keep my identity a secret. Because there was no space on Earth for me, and even less on Elysium , I thought bitterly, I could not go back. I was not yet ready to die, and I could still do more from Elysium than I ever could from Earth. With the options weighing in favor of staying on my original home, I decided to make what time I had worthwhile. I just had to bide. \"So what are you gonna pick then?\" Marcele prompted. \"Blonde. Brunette… Ginger…?\" I saw him grin like an idiot, adorably. \"What is it about gingers, honestly?\" I wondered with a smirk. \"I don't know,\" he murmured innocently, \"they're more mysterious?\" \"Ah ha, yeah… I'm sure…\" I continued to scroll through the faces. Since I already had long, dark hair, I decided I would have it short and light. Not too much like Delabitch , I thought with a scowl, trying to contain my buzz of emotions. Yes, short, light brown hair was the way to go. A softer jawline, too, for mine was sharp, square and almost to a point; very recognizable. My eyes should change too, but there was something about them that I adored. As narcissistic as that sounded, I still wanted to retain a part of me. With everything that would soon change, I wanted a small reminder of my past, even if I did not remember it. I scrolled through the faces, filtering down by features. I finally found a suitable one, one I liked, with a satisfied groan from Marcele. \"Even shopping for a face , women take forever!\" The doctor came back in at that moment, holding a silver keycard. He waited until we were both sizzling with anticipation. He dipped his head before cheerfully asking, \"Have we made a decision?\" Marcele and I looked at each other. All of a sudden, I got a rush of terror. I wasn't ready to have everything I was taken away from me. But then again, there was more that I'd like to forget than I'd like to remember. I was loaded carefully into the Hyper-Bay with the help of two strapping young nurses. They positioned my broken body onto the wide cushioned bed. The polished fabric squeaked when I dragged my fingers along it. As I was reveling in my amazement, Marcele clasped my hand in his. My fingers found their way as I entwined them in his. It was more of a natural reaction to the numbness I had been feelings as of late. The obscurity and the potency of fear and regret had come clashing together to create a vast expanse of grey. I had seen no colour for the past few days. The last colour I potently remember was pale green… \"You ready?\" Inhale. Exhale . \"Yes.\"[Chapter 15] *Author's note: Hurrah! 3,000 reads! Thank you all so much for your on-going support! I assure you, this ain't over yet!* Bloody Flower – Chapter 14 KRUGER Violence had been a part of his life, a natural thing, almost, from the dawn of his life. Violence surrounding him in the world, in his community, everywhere. The outside violence, however, did not compare to the violence inside his own home. The more domestic, the more devastating. I wished I had shielded Drake's eyes. A boy his age should never witness this kind of appalling reality. The numb feeling I got whenever I saw a woman assailed and scarcely breathing beneath the bloodied fist of a man flooded through my veins. It took all the strength I had to keep still, not crumple beneath my childhood traumas like a blade of grass beneath a stone. I forced myself to stare at the scene splayed out before me, keeping Drake behind at a safe proximity. The scene was plain, easy to distinguish. Blatant reality glared like a snake coiled and ready to strike. My target, the man who must have out-weighed three full-grown men, stood straddling a woman, obviously dwarfed by his sheer magnitude. She may as well have been a child, barely sixteen, and barely alive. Veteriage had knuckles the colour of scarlet roses. Why the juxtaposition of roses to blood came to mind, I had no idea. Something about the way her blood dripped from his hand was frighteningly real, frighteningly beautiful in the most gruesome way. Beside the girl was another woman, of equal size and weight, though she looked older than the girl which could only be her daughter. She had not been breathing since the first crack split her broken skull. Behind me, Drake had sunk to the ground, his knees in the dirt and his face in his hands. I could hear the incoherent stifle of a loud sob filled to the brim with anguish, and horror. Instinctively, I moved in front of the boy, feeling a sort of paternal protection overtake me that I couldn't control. Abbott moved around the corner quietly, nearly gagging at what he saw. Veteriage glistened grossly, panting, looking down blankly at the shallowly breathing girl beneath him. He waited for a long time before he acknowledged our presence. Even when we engaged him, he was unresponsive. \"Veteriage!\" Abbott yelled out to the fat man, gun raised, pointed at his head. No response. \"Put your hands up and step away from the girls!\" Still no response. The fat man stepped aside of his own accord, glancing up from the violence only to stare at us with beady black eyes, only for a moment. I clenched my jaw tightly, fighting the urge to tear across the lot and rip the man apart. The monster inside me was roaring to be unleashed. Clawing at my innards, churning up my flesh from the inside out. He wanted out . And I wanted him out. I could feel my body burning with every negative emotion a human being could feel, and some that only a monster could. I felt like the devil, and I was ready to reap the souls that I so deserved. I stalked forward, slashing out at Abbott, who tried to stop me. He flew aside when I shoved him, new-found strength flooding my veins. Eyes trained on my kill, I tried desperately not to look at the poor souls bleeding out on the ground. The fat man had sunken to the ground beside the young girl. Her raspy breaths were barely audible above his labored breathing. The closer I got, the more aware he became of me. The look I got from Veteriage as I stood over him let me know that I was in total control now. Just as it should be . The ugly thing looked up at me from stroking the pretty-much-dead girl's hair. The forlorn, lost expression on his face told me that he had gone into shock, probably realizing the extent of the thing he had done. \" Doen dit nie… Ontferm…\" In the form of a broken sentence, punctuated with long gasps for breath, he managed to beg for mercy. \"Please…\" For some bizarre reason, I could not look at him with pity. The blood on his hands was just too real; undoubted, undisputed, irrefutable evidence of his criminality. The begging look in his eyes was something I was used to, something I was used to ignoring. Sometimes it helped to be a human cold bank. \" Ja ,\" I started, inviting a hopeful look on the red and sweaty face. Then, I raised my handgun, the one with the tiny 2mm bullets in it, the one that hardly made a splash, so to say. I felt my lips curl up in a Cheshire grin, savouring that delicious moment of hope being expertly dashed before I told him, \"Not a chance.\" In a second, he was alive, and in the next, he was dead. One practiced shot was all I had ever needed to bring down the boar. One of such proximity was too good to fuck up. There was something about being close that made the kill all the better. His deadweight hit the ground with an audible thud. The tiny hole in his eye socket had a tiny trail of bright red blood pouring from it. It trickled over the bridge of his nose and settled with a puff of dust on the ground, pooling unhurriedly into a small, scarlet puddle. I looked down on him uninterestedly. Rather, I found my eyes focused on the girl on the ground. During my reaping, she had died quietly, without a sound. Her eyes were partially closed, her blonde hair mussed and sticky with blood. Her thin body was laid in a sprawl, her limbs stuck outwards in horrid and unnatural positions. She had been broken with the crowbar that lay several yards away from the scene. The mother, whose skull was agape, a wide hole perforating her crown, had her eyes stared upwards blankly, mouth gaping in a silent scream. I couldn't help but feel a slight pain in my chest when I looked at the girl. Something about her was all too apropos regarding my own life. I hadn't noticed Drake come creeping up behind me. I felt his hands grasp at my fatigues, inadvertently pulling at my pant leg. I looked down and saw him staring, horrified at the dead women, and the now fallen beast that had killed them. His dark, reddened eyes stared, his mouth gaping slightly. I felt the need to say something, anything, to him. \"Are you sure you still want to come with me? This is what I do. This is normal.\" Drake looked up at me with glossy eyes. I tried to stay steadfast. \"This ain't the kind of life for you, seuntjie …\" He did not lower his gaze. I saw the same steel I had seen before when he stood up to me when we first met. That steel that was the result of a wretched life, that steel that was the only way to be strong when the monster inside wanted to tear you apart. Drake had monsters. I knew that he had probably seen more than an eight year old boy should. I knew he would not leave, not now. \"Then I guess this ain't the life for you, neither, Kruga.\" The boy's words struck me like ice cold water. He was right. I hadn't wanted this life, but from the beginning I was meant for it. I was bred for it. Even my name stated that I was a killer. All my life, I had wondered why those that bred me, hated me, why they had called me killer. A boy whose instincts told him to protect himself, to defend himself against the blows to his head and the leather to his back, should not have to question his existence before his fourth birthday. A boy who had to live with the strife of constantly pleading ' why mother, why father ' should not feel the need to remove himself from his young, harrowing world, regardless of the hatred around him. It should not happen. Not to anyone. I would not let it happen again. I crouched beside the boy, who stared at me with a permanent scowl of disbelief in the cruelty of the world below heaven. Without hesitation, he threw himself into me, wrapping his arms tightly around my neck, burying his face in my shoulder, sobbing hard again. Briefly shocked for a moment, I was paralyzed beneath the sudden gesture of trust and affection. I blinked away a burning tear as I curled my arms around the boy. \" Why did this happen?! Why! \" I could feel the boy's pain like a knife in my stomach, like a sword through my heart. I hugged him tighter. \"Shh… Dit is in orde …\" I murmured quietly in Afrikaans. I tried to soothe him by speaking in his native tongue, telling him that everything was alright. Nothing would ever be the same for him again. I now understood. I understood why the boy and I were so alike, so almost eerily similar. These were the broken remains of his family. I had wondered why he had looked down when he asked to come with me. I had wondered why he wanted to come in the first place. It was not because he had nowhere else to go; it was because he knew he was going back to the place he had run away from. \"Drakey…\" I tried again to console the crying boy, who had crumpled into my lap. That paternal feeling that had been gnawing at me from the moment the boy said he trusted me welled up inside once again, quelling the rage of the monster for a moment. This is what I had needed since I was torn from her . Distraction. Looking after Drake was all I cared about now. She controlled the monster yes, held its leash and fueled its fire, but so did I. Right now, I was in control of my own being. I was in charge, just as I should always be. I looked out over the boy's shoulder. In the garden, I spied a flower with spiny-looking petals and a bulbous center. It was a common sugar bush, blooming with large, ice-pink flowers. Their beauty, otherwise unmatched, was demolished due to the sticky scarlet blood dripping from their triangular petals. Looking at them now, I couldn't help the flood of anxiety that washed over my brain, making it boil and sending my heart into a frenzied beat. I couldn't help but think of my flower, my flower that had been uprooted from my very arms, and kept above where I could not reach her. I shed a tenacious tear and held Drake a little tighter. About an hour of cleaning up later, Abbott, Crowe and I had cleared the scene, disposing of the evidence of our presence. I told Drake to stay in the Raven, not to come out until we had returned. He sat sullenly, no longer who he was before we dropped in on the family murder. I couldn't help but add another emotion to my growing repertoire; guilt. It was my fault that Drake had seen what he'd seen, his mother and sister beaten to death by his stepfather. When I asked Drake about why he feigned ignorance when we met, implying that he did not know Veteriage, he looked me straight in the eye, unwavering as always. He said that there was no other way he could know for sure that he was dead. The boy knew all along what he was in for, though he didn't quite expect as much to find his beloved sister and mother dead, beneath the fists of the fat man. But still, I had allowed him to come. Drake would open up more about himself, about what series of events had led up to that afternoon, but for now I let him have his peace to come to terms with his new reality, the one without the family that had abandoned him. I buried my guilt deep, something I was well-practiced at doing. the guilt would always be there, but knowing me, it would fester and bubble until I couldn't control it. I would address it later. For now, I focused on my next paycheck. We set off for home, but not before we got an urgent message from Elysium. Someone had fucked up. Really badly.[Chapter 16] XV Escape Protea d All the alcohol in the world couldn't quell my apprehension, and my god, I needed a drink. \"Ow!\" Marcel gasped in pain as I accidentally crushed his hand in my iron grip. With a hasty, half-hearted apology, I released him. I couldn't focus on anything other than my imminent metamorphosis. The doctor had finished preparing his workstation, which needed little preparation in the first place. I knew he was just wasting time, the bastard. And I had thought Kruger was a master of suspense. \"Are you ready to begin?\" The doctor hovered over me, silhouetted ghoulishly against the glaring lights. I didn't answer him. I waited for a long time. There was no way out of this, other than forward. I was trapped… again. Never had I imagined my life would turn out like this. Paralyzed from the waist down, preparing to be healed with the most elite of Elysian technology, as a fugitive; all the while clenching the hand of a young, handsome, Elysian doctor who actually liked me. Even being here, on Elysium, under the best circumstances left me yearning to be back in a place I was constantly in danger. Back in that moment where I became irrevocably bound to one man, one monster, wherein a bout of bewildering pity and longing, saved him from death, if not forever, then for his nearest future. Perhaps I should have left him there, left him dead. Surely I would not be in this situation I now found myself in. But then again, where would I really be? I'd be dead, but at the claws of Delacourt. That was surely a worse fate. Right? I had no time to ponder. With a brisk nod and pursed lips, I prepared my body and mind for the transformation. As I tried to swallow my instincts to run, the doctor wasted no time beginning the process. A golden light washed over me. I heard the deep hum of a machine coming to life beneath me. I tensed, slamming my eyes shut so tightly they hurt. I didn't want to watch my legs, black and blue and bruised, melt back to my natural golden skin. I didn't want to watch my hair recede to the length I chose moments ago. I didn't want to change and I didn't want to see anymore. The healing lasted for all of about seven seconds. It took longer for me to respond to the doctor's prompts. \"Hello, miss? Did you hear me?\" I blinked up at the doctor like a lost child. \"I said, are you ready to begin the transformation?\" Nothing has happened yet? I'm still me? \"W-what?\" I stammered, suddenly unaware of my surroundings. \"Just… Hold out your arm and lets begin,\" the doctor huffed, thoroughly annoyed. I complied and held out my arm. In a moment, I was a citizen of Elysium. Just like that, I could be healed of any illness, injury, like I was immortal. I stared up at the doctor against the harsh overhead light. He shifted away from my pitiable gaze and commenced the process. I shut my eyes again and was immediately enveloped by a feeling of warmth. I felt a slight tingling sensation on my legs beneath the specialized hospital sheets. The tingling raced up to my pelvis, lingering there for a moment before spreading to my arms and chest. Finally, I felt the buzzing sensation before my eyes. I kept them shut, but curiosity begged me to look into the light. I swallowed the vehement urge to cry out as a single jolt of electricity ran through my body, waking me up from the momentary slumber I was put into. It took a few moments for my eyes to adjust to the light of the operating room. When I did finally open my eyes, Marcele's amber ones were there to greet me. \"Marcele…?\" \"Yes, Protea?\" \"How do I look?\" He chuckled softly, a tear streaming down his face. \"You look fine.\" I could not imagine why he was crying. It was me who had to cope with the fact I had changed my entire physical being. I could only imagine how long it would take to remember that when I looked in the mirror, I was still staring back. But still, it was Marcele who cried now. I reached out to tenderly touch his cheek, to swipe away the tear and tell him with a soft voice how sensitive he was. As soon as I saw my hand, however, I screamed. It was not so much a scream as a strangled chirp of terror. With new eyes, I scanned the rest of my body, ripping the sheet aside and forgetting dignity. I grasped at the pale flesh of my new body, as if trying to be rid of the alien visage. My hands groped at my face, fingers running feverishly through my new short hair. I uttered the strange squealing noise again, inviting a new look of shock from Marcele and the doctor. I felt suffocated. I had to get out. The nearest door was a glass one with a sleek silver handle and a button pad. Needless to say, I did not waste time trying to open the door. With ludicrous strength, my leg rocketed out through the glass. The entire pane disintegrated beneath my foot, a reverberating ting hanging in the air. I heard a shriek of surprise from the secretary sitting just outside the office. She fumbled with the phone on her desk, chattering madly for assistance in B-wing. I wasted no time leaving the mess behind. I sprinted with inhuman speed down the sterile hallway, all the while forgetting that I was completely paralyzed not an hour ago. Several sharp turns and I was in a stairwell, zipping down the stairs, taking three at a time. Eventually, I was on the bottom floor of the grand white hospital. Sunlight beckoned me forwards through another pair of glass doors, which, fortunately, opened without the help of my foot. Not decreasing my speed, I kept running, even as I heard the wail of sirens somewhere beyond my left ear. Instinctively, I veered away from the sirens into the luscious tropical bush aside the hospital. I did not stop running until I reached the point where the forest of palms and undergrowth met a vast expanse over-looking all of Elysium. I paused only for the mere fact that the view I saw before me was pause-worthy. Gazing out over the sunlit expanse of land and into the stars beyond rendered me speechless. I gazed up at the bright blue sky, and strained my eyes to see past the artificial light, into the inky black and blue depths of space. A single star twinkled in my vision. I realized with a stone in my gut, that I had no idea which way Earth was. If I was to truly escape, I would have to leave here, for good. But how?! Having your desperations answered on cue is exhilarating in a terrifying sort of way, and my desperations were answered in the form of a low mechanical hum, mere feet above my head. I ducked low in the brush close to the base of a large palm tree. The glider came in at what would have been a relatively low speed, if I had not been standing directly beneath it. It zoomed past my head, sending me tumbling across the ground in its vortex. I tried to aim my tumble, and scarcely managed to stay hidden beneath the wide palm fronds. I struck a trunk, feeling a shooting but momentary pain in my shoulder. I quickly righted myself and glanced around for the glider. It had landed somewhere within the vicinity of the hospital I had just come from. I heard shouting male voices and the mechanized responses of Armadyne bots. Feeling no fear, I jogged low to the ground like a predator tracking prey, towards the hospital and ship. I reached the end of undergrowth and peered with strained eyes at the glider. With a jolt, I went rigid with adrenaline. The ship that had landed was no standard issue craft. It had personality. It had history. It was the Raven. My eyes widened to their fullest extent, taking in all the explicit details of Agent Kruger's ship. I felt my heart hammering so hard in my chest, I thought for a moment it could actually break my ribs. I looked on with intent eyes. I briefly wondered if it was a problem that I no longer felt fear of anything, not even Kruger. For now, my lack of terror worked to my advantage. I felt no other need than to flee. I watched for what felt like hours. I watched three men in sleek metal wires and bulky armour stalk slowly towards the hospital commotion. Their commander stalked further behind, trailing his men like a pack leader before a fight. He walked the same way he always had; with an arrogant defiance that stalled authority and made it question itself, with a look of hostility to match. His men carried machine guns loaded with who knows what. The three of them approached the hospital and started barking at innocent hospital staff, questioning what had happened and why they were needed on such short notice. The poor \"security guards\" yelped their uncertainty, begging forgiveness for calling the bloody mercenaries on a code red case. The three men were visibly peeved but complied, entering to search the interior of the hospital for the escaped patient that was once Protea. I took the precious moments of time I knew I had to take the jaunt towards the Raven. Kruger would sense immediately that there was no escapee in the hospital and would soon be tracing the grounds. If I was not a stow-away on that ship soon, I would never see Earth again. I reached the open hanger door and cautiously peered inside and out, watching ever so closely for passerby that might see me. Fortunately, there was no one in or near the Raven. I crept aboard silently, inhaling a familiar scent of musk and gunpowder and alcohol. Something about it made me glad it wasn't the over-sterile scent of the hospital or the dank scent of the prison. It was a real smell, unlike anything on Elysium. I caught myself silently craving for the familiarity of Earth, to be back with my friends and Spider, playing with his gimp little boy. I remembered he had shaggy dark brown hair like his father, and dark eyes that glittered when something exciting happened. His eyes resembled those of the boy that stood in front of me. With sudden shock, I jumped in place, startled by the young boy who looked at me with wide, wide eyes. We stared at each other for a long period of time. I was the first to make a move. Slowly, I raised a finger to my lips, pleading silently for him to be quiet and just understand my desperation. He only stared at me with the same wide eyes, unmoving. I tried appealing to him, by whispering urgently and looking over my shoulder. \"Listen, kid,\" I scuttled around him, out of view, \"I need to hide here. I need to get to Earth. I don't know if Kruger is holding you hostage, or delivering you to someplace, I don't care. All I need is for you to be quiet. Don't say a word, okay, little guy?\" I didn't actually intend to sound demeaning, but I supposed my urgency made no way for decency. The kid, who could not have been more than ten, suddenly blurted, \"Who the fuck you callin' little guy, teef?\" I was taken aback at his sudden ferocity, and without thinking, I clamped a hand over his mouth. He responded by trying to bite at my palm as I dragged him further inside the ship. When he could not bite my hand, he took to licking at it. I yanked my hand away and released him, thoroughly disgusted. \"Gah! You little pig! Who the fuck do you think you are?\" \"Drakey,\" he replied hotly, sticking his tongue out. \"If you want some more of that, come over hea, then!\" He made a rude gesture and I lunged for him. He ducked out of my grasp and ran to the other side of the ship. \"Argh! Fuck you, kid! I don't have time for this! Just shut the fuck up and listen to me!\" \"Why should I listen to—\" \"I need to get out of here. Please understand. Please. Help me.\" Drakey took a moment to think about what I was asking of him. I saw his young face, hardened by the streets, soften in sympathy. His straight eyebrows furrowed deeply, and a pout crossed his lips. It looked before as if he was going to continue to stall, but whatever thoughts of bravery that had crossed his mind were dissolved. I looked at him pleadingly, listening at what I thought were the sounds of approaching mercenaries. When I heard the deep, rumbling roar that was Kruger's laugh, I went rigid with panic. \"Please hide me, Drakey! Quickly!\" He nodded briskly at my urgency, and motioned towards a small compartment beneath the seats of the hanger bench. \"Over hea! They don't store kak in that thing. You'll fit fine.\" He quickly opened the container and I crawled in sideways. It occurred to me that I would be hiding beneath the place where I was first held prisoner. How bloody ironic. Pushing my thoughts of bitterness aside, I slunk further into the darkness of the tiny container. Before he shut the container lid, I whispered a quick, \"thank you, Drakey.\" He looked at me, and I swore I saw a tiny smile cross his lips before he hastily shut the lid and scampered across the ship. I held my breath as I heard the mercenaries thunder loudly onto the Raven. Drakey piped up with a merry greeting, clearly familiar with the rather vile men. I heard Crowe laugh and throw a jab at the boy, to which Drakey quickly and cuttingly retorted. The men settled in, and I overheard their coordinates for earth. They were headed for somewhere in India. The cockpit door shut with a click and the engines started. I listened for Kruger's voice, but did not hear it. Drakey shuffled in front of the container I was in, his voice muffled, but near me, protecting me. He was talking about how he'd like to become a full-fledged mercenary and a soldier of war. I heard a familiar, low grumble in response. Though I could not hear what he was saying, I could sense Kruger was disapproving of Drakey's choice of career. So he's paternal, now? How strange. To hear Kruger disapproving of a child's wants was like hearing a snake purr. It simply wasn't natural. Part of me wanted to burst out of the container and mock him for having parental instincts, however vague they were. I thought better, obviously, and stayed quiet. \"Come on, Kruga! You know I could handle it! I just need some more training and—\" \"You don't git a chance to train for what you end up seeing, welpie. You already know that.\" I could hear Kruger more clearly now. He must have been standing near the container next to Drakey. All of a sudden, I feared for my safety as well as the young boy's. I had no context, but it was all instinct. But aside from the possible and probable danger, I found myself wanting to know what exactly was going through Kruger's mind. Now, again, being so close to him, I felt that same draw I had felt laying with him after he saved me. \"But…\" I heard Drakey sigh deeply. There was sadness in his voice, loneliness. I wanted to comfort the boy, given his kindness in helping me get back to Earth. However, the need to be hidden from the wolf pack was greater than my desire to chant 'there, there'. \"I'm taking you back to Saphrihi—\" \"No! Don't take me back! I want to stay here! I'm not going back, even if you make me.\" My, my, he's toying with fire. \"Drakey…\" Kruger sounded exasperated. I could imagine this kid could really wear on your nerves, even if your nerves were made of steel like Kruger's. \"You're not cut out for this life…\" He took a moment to compose himself. \"You're going home.\" \"Fuck you, Kruga! Fuck you!\" The angry boy stormed off to the end of the Raven, kicking something that struck the bench and made a reverberating noise around my head. I jumped slightly, kicking the container myself. I froze, listening to the echo, praying Kruger and his hypersonic hearing didn't pick it up. I didn't breathe, for fear he could hear that too. Nothing happened for a minute. Kruger was silent, and so was Drakey. Only the hum of the Raven's engines persisted. Moments trickled away like blood from a lacerated vein. I could not take the tension. \"No! Wait! Kruga, stop!\"[Chapter 17] XVI (16) Or Not… Protea The container lid opened with a jolt. I squealed in terror, frightened initially by the dark beady eyes that peered excitedly at me. When I felt a heavy hand drag me out of the container, I fell limp, simply so that I could save my energy for the fight about to ensue. As soon as I was able, I wrenched my arm free and bolted upright, instinctively grasping for the switchblade I always kept in my boot. When I felt no grip, I parried my attacker's next lunge and raised my hands defensively. I prepared for the next strike, tensing my legs, preparing to kick. All of a sudden, Drakey lunged in front of me, holding out his hands before him. I remembered where I was, and realized that the boy had jumped in front of me to stop Kruger. The commander and I both wore a look of surprise and confusion. \"Drakey…? Git out of the way, welpie , so I can make our new guest feel at home…\" With that, Kruger shot me a disgusting leer. It was something I hated to say I was used to, but it still revolted me. I shot a snarl back at him and backed away slightly. I leant down ever so slightly to whisper at Drakey, \"What are you doing, kid?\" \"Don't hurt her, Kruga. Stay away from the girl.\" The courage on the boy's face and in his voice was undeniably admirable. The way he glared Kruger down reminded me of the way an omega wolf challenges an alpha. He stared down a hulking alpha with black eyes with the courage of a lion. I was thoroughly impressed at his valiance. \"B-back-off.\" It was there, when he undoubtedly faltered, that Kruger stepped forward and laid a hand on his shoulder. I thought for sure the child was dead. \"Out of the way, Drakey. The grown-ups are to talk now. We need to discuss our… new guest's… seating arrangements,\" he slurred, eyes crawling up and down me deliberately slowly. \"Isn't that right, miss? How'd you like to come share the captain's quarters with me, eh?\" \"You don't touch her!\" Drakey screamed, clearly agitated. It looked as if he were willing to die for me, which sent a strange feeling of warmth through me for the uncouth young boy. This outburst stopped Kruger, and he looked down at the boy with a stern look. It was not a malicious one, but a strict, frighteningly paternal one. He deliberated for a moment, and then sighed inaudibly. \"Fine.\" He looked to me. \"Take a seat over thea,\" he growled as he pointed to the benches where I had sat once before, \"and don't move.\" He stalked away to bark at Crowe and the other pilot. Like an insolent child, I stood where I was, keeping a wary eye on the cobra and another watchful one on trembling Drakey. \"That was a brave thing you did there, kid. I wouldn't suggest doing it again.\" I took a willful seat after a couple more seconds of fiery Kruger orbs. I flicked my bangs aside and looked away from him. I was determined not to show fear this time and not give him the power of total superiority. When I felt comfortable, I looked to Drakey. \"Thank you. You really saved my ass there.\" He straightened out and returned to what I assumed was his normal self. \"Well such a pretty one shouldn't be… You're welcome…\" The blush in his cheeks betrayed his obvious crush. I laughed to myself and motioned for him to sit beside me. I did not ask Kruger for permission as I wrapped an arm around the boy's tensed shoulders. At least I knew this brave little cub was on my side. \"How did you end up here then, hmm? In this pit of snakes…\" \"Long story…\" he whimpered. I didn't push him on the topic of his origin. Instead, I let him snuggle into my shoulder, as he seemed at ease lying against me, though he had just met me. My eyes unwillingly searched out Kruger's, who approached as soon as our eyes met. He stalked over wearing the same leer he had on a moment ago. I remained stone-faced as he sat down a seat away from me. I kept my gaze locked with his, gritting my teeth against the natural fire of his coal-black orbs. The Raven gave a shudder as he spoke. \"Now… What's the reason you are on my ship, lass? Stowing away? You look pretty clean…\" He leaned in and gave a deep inhale. I shuddered heartily. \"Elysian then, eh? You wouldn't happen to know of a recently escaped hospital patient, considering it looks like you've recently been a patient.\" I went rigid. His observation skills were wickedly sharp, I had somehow forgotten about that. I self-consciously covered my identity scar. Before I could effectively hide it, he grasped my arm and pulled it towards him. His breath was hot on my face, but for once it did not smell like dead and rotting meat. It was only slightly pleasant at best, oddly enough. \"New citizen, eh? And you're running away. Funny girl,\" Kruger sneered, flinging my hand away. A brooding look passed across his face. He turned away for a moment, and when he returned to glare at me, his eyes were glossy. \"Stupid girl.\" \"What will you do?\" It was a simple question, and a maybe a stupid one, I asked when I found my voice again. I felt Drakey perk up from beside me, his skinny body tensing once again. Kruger looked furious and his eyes darkened ominously. He glared at me from under dirty brown bangs, just as he did when we first met. \"Speak again, girl.\" \"What. Will. You. Do. Agent Kruger?\" He bristled from discontent at my arrogance. Remembering his pendulum temper, I braced for a slap, cut, punch, kick, even a bite. When nothing came, I stared him down again, holding Drakey tighter for moral support. Kruger only laughed a tight, strained laugh. His lips pursed, pressing themselves into a harsh line beneath his beard. The corners of his eyes crinkled, pulling the skin on his razor sharp cheekbones up higher. I noticed now he had bizarre metal implants in both his cheeks and in his neck. My eyes trailed down his chest, lingering near the one unfastened button at the top. Sheepishly, I ripped my eyes away when they trailed further down his chest to his lap. I felt a flush of red across my cheeks and looked down into my lap. \"What's your name, girl?\" Kruger suddenly snapped. Cautiously, I answered that I didn't know it, given the fact that I had just received a new identity. He snorted, but seemed to buy it, and I was fine until he asked what my name before was. \"I don't know. Some flower…\" I mumbled quietly. Before he could question me again, Crowe barked a command at the other man. Kruger stood from his seat, growling again that I stay put. He conversed with Crowe for a moment before he hurdled back to Drakey and I. \"Git your seatbelts on! We're in for a bumpy ride.\" Confused, Drakey and I looked at each other, until we felt the Raven buckle in the air, making our stomachs churn. We complied quickly and clicked our overhead shoulder belts to the ones between our legs. Kruger did the same, this time next to me. I heard a low, \"sorry, safety first\" beside me but I did not care. Crowe bellowed the name 'Abbott' from the cockpit, and the Raven suddenly lurched upwards and sideways. I grasped my belt with white knuckles. If there was one thing I hated more than Elysium, it was flying. \"Boss! We need to land!\" \"Keep going, Crowe! Git us the fuck out of hea! Don't stop until you reach Malichitda. Do not disobey me.\" In response, I felt the engines of the Raven roar louder than before, and I was pressed back into my seat from sheer speed. I felt like I wanted to vomit, but Drakey had beat me to it. The jump to hyper speed had all but squished the skinny lad. His face looked the same as mine; terrified beyond words. The ride got worse as the ship ducked right, sending loose cargo tumbling across the hanger. With a sharp left, a large box filled with hell only knows what slammed into my legs. I yelped more out of surprise than pain, but the weight disappeared as Kruger gave a violent kick against the crate. I looked at him with honest gratitude, and with a nod of my head, returned to staring at my feet and trying not to vomit. \"Boss!\" Crowe's distressed tone scared me. \"We got to fucking land! Now !\" \"Don't you—\" Before Kruger could finish his sentence, the Raven collided with something outside, sending a loud echoing sound through the hanger. A loud thundering reverberated through the ship, and eventually came to an end almost as soon as it had begun. All of us remained silent, thoroughly shocked from our less than smooth ride. Drakey was the first to stir, unlatching his belt and jumping over to the window. Kruger and I, more concerned with our own health, checked ourselves over quickly. Finding nothing broken, we both turned our attention to Drakey, who was staring wide eyed out the small window in the hanger door. \"You won't believe where we are…\" Curiosity overtaking me, I stood shakily from my seat, grabbing a nearby pipe above me for support. Kruger stood, wobbling only slightly, before stomping to the cockpit to unleash hell on his pilots. I heard him scream and bellow angrily as he demanded where we were. I slid up beside Drakey, who was still peering out the window on his tip-toes. \"Where are we?\" I asked. \"Dunno…\" he mused. \"But it sure is white…\" I shoved the boy aside, who fought only briefly before surrendering his front row seat. I looked out the small window. My jaw dropped at the sight I held before me.[Chapter 18] XVII Chill Out Protea \" The fucking moon ?!\" Kruger had not stopped chanting that phrase for the ten minutes since we crash landed on the icy rock. \"How the fucking fuck did you manage that, Abbott? Fuck you , you raging kur ! How the fuck are we supposed to get off this fucking rock?!\" If one was not accustomed to the word 'fuck', they would certainly be acclimatized to it now. Luckily, all of us aboard were fluent in Kruger's abrasive tongue. He began shouting in what I suspected was Afrikaans, drowning out the interjections of his crew. I saw Drakey flinch and laugh several times as Kruger roared. He must know or speak Kruger's language, for he seemed to understand perfectly clear what the boss man was shouting. This lasted for several more minutes, and by the time he was finished, Kruger's face and neck were beet red. If he were to kill anyone on this ship, I could only pray it wasn't me, the stow-away. He paced like a caged tiger, anger burning fiercely in his eyes. Behind the anger, I could clearly see fear. The humanity I saw in Kruger now was odd, and I was wary of it, afraid that the emotions he was showing were an act, a façade. However impossible it seemed, it seemed as though Agent Kruger had changed since we parted. I wonder if that's my doing… My speculation was short lived. Kruger glared down at me from my seat. \"Get up.\" With military discipline, I complied, bolting upright and even finding the audacity to salute him. The befuddled reaction I had gotten from him was worth the risk. As I rubbed my cheek, Kruger panted hard through his nose, trying to control his breathing. He looked at me, but he yelled at Crowe. \"How long until we're up and running?\" Crowe had had enough of his boss's demanding tongue and thundered over to him. \"We've blown a fucking engine, Kruger. A fucking engine !\" He leaned in a little closer to his commander. \"It's fucking Abbott's fault, boss. I say send him out to patch the fucking thing.\" Kruger considered this for a moment. \"You know this ship better than him, Crowe. I trust you to git the job done right.\" Crowe's eyebrows tipped up as his shoulders sagged in utter disbelief. I heard Drakey burst out laughing as he pointed a finger at the bewildered pilot. \"Ha-ha! Crowe's gonna walk on the moon!\" He seemed to realize exactly what he was saying, and dropped his humor. Suddenly, with a burst of enthusiasm he shouted, \"Can I go, too?\" Kruger rolled his eyes at the boy's ludicrous request. \"Shut up,\" he snapped crossly. Drakey pouted exaggeratedly and flicked Kruger the middle finger. He crossed his arms and sat crumpled at the end of the bench. Kruger returned his attention to me, anxious enough to address me without his usual swagger. \"You're from the palace, ain't you? Got any contacts up thea that could fetch us down hea?\" My brow furrowed in confusion. I couldn't understand why Kruger was asking for Elysian back-up from a stow-away. I guessed that he was just as desperate to get off this bloody rock as I was. \"Who do you think I am? The FBE? No, I don't have any contacts from Elysium. The only contact I have…\" \"What, girl? Spit it out!\" I thought hard. Who did I know anywhere that could get a craft into space? Who had a craft? Who would be able to get me all the way up here, who owed me a favor for said craft? \"Spider…\" \"Eh? The fuck you talking about?\" \"Yes! Yes! I can call him! He'll come get me! Why didn't I think of that before?\" I gasped for breath, and looked at the bewildered Kruger. \"I need to use the radio!\" Without an answer, I sprinted across the hanger to between the pilots' seats, trying to locate the radio. When I didn't find it, I shouted back at Kruger, \"Where is it? The radio?\" Kruger stormed over, and Drakey hopped along behind. \"What are you talking about, lass?\" He grasped my collar, making me look into his eyes. I admit, I was still afraid of him, but for some reason it seemed like I had gotten used to his danger. Bad ice to tread on, Protea … I swallowed my fear and steadied my gaze. \"I have someone who might be able to get me – us – out of here.\" Kruger looked at me, and I swore I saw a glimmer of emotion behind his hooded eyes; hope, perhaps, or gratitude. \"Where is he, then? This Spida ?\" I answered quickly, not thinking straight. \"Earth.\" I slammed my mouth shut immediately. Why was my mouth suddenly so loose? Maybe I'm getting moon fever, maybe that's a thing . \"W-what?\" Kruger stammered . He looked at me for a long time. Drakey piped up with something, but Kruger paid no attention to him. He was too caught up in his own thoughts, caught in the moment of looking at me. Looking into me. I found this moment more unsettling than any glare-down or violent outburst, not in the same way, but on a deeper emotional level. He released my collar, but kept his hands on my shoulders. His hands clenched tightly around my arms and he pulled me close to him, studying me at a closer proximity. I yelped in surprise and pain, confused as to what was happening or about to happen. I saw his lower lip tremble slightly and his eyes narrow with what seemed to be pain, until they crinkled upwards. It occurred to me that he looked older than before, but maybe that was just the unkempt status of everything about him. His beard was longer, too, like the \"depression beard\" my hacker friend once wore when his wife left him. Kruger had the same look of depression as Hullo had had. For a moment, I felt pity, real pity, for the once heartless cobra. \"What's wrong, Kruger?\" I muttered blankly, genuinely concerned for my own safety at the moment. I knew a question like that could get me beaten, especially with Kruger being so nervous about being trapped on the moon. He just stared, brow furrowed in concentration. Even when Crowe shouted in the background about what Kruger was doing, the commander didn't flinch. \"It can't be…\" He finally mumbled. I froze. \"What did you say your name was, again?\" he asked breathlessly. What was he getting at? \"I didn't…\" \"It can't be you…\" Kruger muttered under his breath, mostly to himself. He lowered his head in the agony of remembrance. When he looked back at me, I knew he knew. His green eyes, his humanity, shone through the dull light of the hanger. I melted slightly. \"P-Protea?\" If I had not been listening so intently, I would not have heard the tiny whisper. I felt a lump catch in my throat, either from fear or sentiment. For some reason, I felt relieved that I had been found out, but at the same time, I feared what would become of me now. And for some reason, I pictured Kruger rejecting my new form, and pulverizing it until I was unrecognizable. My fleeting thoughts were put at ease when he suddenly pulled me into an embrace. I could feel the entire room still. Nothing and no one was moving. I evaluated my situation. It was beautiful and dangerous at the same time. Agent Kruger was hugging me. I stared blankly over his shoulder, not moving at all. Kruger's arms quivered, and I could feel his muscles tighten around me in a sturdier embrace. I feared briefly that he would simply crush me. I was honestly surprised I hadn't been crushed already. But no, he simply held me. Cautiously, and unwillingly, my hands raised themselves to hover above Kruger's waist in my limited maneuverability. Then, without me telling them to, they wrapped themselves around him. A sudden and violent wave of adrenaline washed over me. I didn't care where I was. I could be on Elysium, on Earth, or even on the moon. I didn't care. All I cared about was that I was in this man's arms. It was in that moment, I knew I was safe in such proximity to such a deadly serpent. I felt my eyes burn slightly, and the lump in my throat got bigger and harder to swallow. In a gesture of true emotion, my arms tightened around Kruger's waist, and I leaned into his shoulder. I felt him stiffen nervously. His hands shifted, one remaining wrapped around my back while the other moved upwards. I felt a mild pinch in my neck, and fell limp against Kruger before plummeting into a deep sleep.[Chapter 19] XVIII The Thorn In My Side Kruger Why can't he just be rid of it? The gnawing, agonizing pain of a monster at the end of its leash? Why can't she just let him go? Why must she hold onto him in this way? Why can't he control himself? He needs to gain back control, but he knows it is pointless to try; he is in chains, and only she has the key to his heart. It had to be her. I wasn't sure, but I had a hunch. And for that reason, I had to drug her. She couldn't see me like this. Rather, I couldn't let my men see me like this. I was never one to get caught up in my emotions, ever. I never showed my vulnerable side, especially not around women, and my crewmen knew that. But something about her, something about this girl, made insane. I despised the way she made me feel, so protective and cautious. I despised the way I was around her. She was so distracting. I can't keep my mind off her when she's here, but when she's in front of me, I want her gone. But here she was again, unconscious in my arms. There isn't anything I can do to be rid of her, not now, when she had stowed herself upon my ship. On purpose . What was I to do now? I suppose I could just open the hanger and let her tumble through space… The ludicrous thought flared up and sizzled out rather hastily. I had risked my job and my life for this girl. I was not about to let her turn into an ice cube on account that I had not been fully repaid. She still owed me one after I had delivered her. \"Boss?\" Crowe approached me and the limp girl in my arms. He nodded at her then looked at me with a wolfish grin. \"You first, or shall I?\" I shot a fiery glare at my deputy. He shrunk in stature immediately. \"Back the fuck off, Crowe…\" I growled slowly, putting on my threatening-but-apologetic face. Crowe understood not to fuck with me and backed off. Returning my gaze to her, I lowered the girl I was sure was her onto the bench seats. She looked so peaceful, just like before, only so much more different. Her face and hair had changed, and she looked younger than before. Maybe it was a tertiary sense, or maybe it was intuition, but there was something about her that I recognized instantly. \"Kruga!\" Drake yelped at me, tugging my fatigues. \"Why'd you do that fuckin' thing for?\" He leaned down to inspect the sleeping girl. \"She said she had a way off this stupid rock! Why'd you drug her then, you perv?\" \"I have my own ways off the moon, bokke , and if you'd like to come along, I suggest you shut your mouth!\" He went silent, thankfully, and curled up beside the girl. What his affection to her was, I'd never understand. Probably some boyish crush, like the kind of thing a young man experiences when he lives a normal life. I admired Drake for hanging on to his innocence, even after what he had seen of this life. I stalked over to my pilots. I told them to ring up our comrades from Los Angeles and tell them of our situation. \"And don't you take no for an answer. Any of them complain, you tell 'em I'll personally rip their spines out their assholes before I take their balls to their captain!\" \"Hahaha! Yes, boss!\" Crowe hooted enthusiastically. Abbott, as always, remained stone faced. I really will kill him myself if he doesn't get himself killed first, I thought to myself. And I would take pride in it. \"I want to be out of hea in ten minutes. If you can't do that, the door's thea. I'd suggest a coat too, it's a little brisk.\" I took a reading of the Raven's coordinates and sent them to the LA base. In a matter of seconds, Crowe motioned me over to him. He held out the radio. \"It's for you.\" When I turned on the communicator, I heard a loud exclamation over the intercom. \" What the fuck, Kruger? You crazy bastard! What the fuck are you doing on the moon, jackass?\" I strode across the cockpit to answer the bewildered Lieutenant Brooks, a friend, but more of a pain in the ass. \"Mr. Brooks,\" I droned, mocking his Southern drawl, \"it seems you got my coordinates?\" ?\" \" Yeah! What the fuck are you doing on the moon, son?\" \"We had a little malfunction in the cockpit…\" I glanced at Abbott, who had averted his eyes. \"The problem will be dealt with when we get to Earth, I promise you that.\" I lowered my voice a little. \"Why the fuck did you send this guy over anyways? He's a useless cunt. Doesn't even fuckin' say anything.\" I heard Brooks take a deep breath. \"I honestly thought, if anyone could loosen that boy up, it'd be you, Kruger…\" I took his comment as a compliment. \"So what do we do now? Continue our little chat while the sun sets? Maybe you could see us on the moon, then, eh? Git the fuck up hea, man! It's fuckin' freezing!\" The radio crackled and filled with static after I heard a solid, \" yes sir\" . Left in silence and waiting on the promise of an I.O.U., the boys and I stared at each other blankly. I sat down beside the girl, shoving her limp feet aside. \"Drakey! Fetch us a beer, will you?\" \"Can I have one?\" he asked hopefully. I deliberated for a moment. What kind of example would I be setting if I didn't let him have one? \"Fine.\" With a chipper step, he tossed out three cans to each crew member and stole one for himself. I watched him carefully tap the top of the can before slowly pulling the tab back. I, meanwhile, had already downed half the can, foam and all. A small puddle dribbled down onto the girl's leg, and she awoke with a start. I felt myself go rigid with unease. I wasn't sure how this situation would go over now. She would still hate me, and she would want to get away from me as soon as possible. Should I ask her all the things running through my head? Should I say nothing and make them rot? Fucking discombobulating girl… \"What the…\" she started hazily, waking up gradually. \"What the… fuck? What the fuck!\" She was awake now, and was angry enough to viciously punch my bicep. Fortunately, she hit a plate of bio-armour, and cradled her hand in response to the bite of metal. She was fuming, and boy, did she look dangerous. \"What the fuck?\" She demanded again, glaring at me hotly. \" What the fuck?\" I asked sarcastically, wanting to toy with her. She looked about to strangle me, and looked able to do it, too. \"We're getting picked up, soon. Best conserve your energy for finding your way on Earth.\" \"No, I mean what the fuck ? You drugged me? You sick bastard! Why did I even come back here…?\" She trailed off, almost sadly. I cocked my head to look at her from below. Her head was bowed deeply in her hands, and her eyes were shut tightly. \"Alright… That's good. But I'd still like to know what you did to me, you filthy—\" \"Check yourself then. Ain't nobody gonna touch you with little Drakey around, eh welpie ? He's like a fuckin' watchdog, that one. On guard for the innocent, eh?\" Drake looked over at us, and smiled proudly. I turned back to the skeptical girl. \"You're fine.\" Needing to know for herself, she shifted around, feeling for any pelvic discomfort. When she screwed up her face in confusion, I knew she was pondering what had gone on during her blackout. \"Thanks, Drakey,\" she mumbled half-heartedly. I shot a wink at Drake and a kissy face, who upon receiving it, reddened like a tomato. He curled up beside the girl and laid his head on her lap like a son and his mother. The scene was touching, but I couldn't help but feel a fleeting sense of jealousy as she stroked his hair. \"You know,\" she began, looking down at the boy, \"he may be a little brutish, but I think deep down he's just a scared little kid…\" She deliberated for a moment before turning her attention to me. \"How'd he end up with you, anyway? Recruiting at the age of nine now, are they?\" she sneered. \"Long story,\" I stated promptly. \"He came to me, really. Willingly.\" \"That makes two of us…\" I felt the need to say something comforting, but nothing came to mind. So I just said, \"I'll get you to Earth, away from Elysium, but you have to tell me one thing.\" She looked at me questioningly, but cautiously. \"Is it you, princess?\" She looked down, almost embarrassed. There was no avoiding me on this issue, and she knew it. A slight nod of her head sent a fresh jolt through my body. It was her. But it wasn't. She had changed, not just physically, but psychologically. She wasn't the scared, snappish girl that she had been when I first encountered her. Since then, the events of the last week had changed her, made her not just into someone else, but something else entirely. The way she stared no longer held the pure poison of spite. Instead, her eyes were hardened like stone, almost no emotion leaking through. I felt the need to look at her. My hand reached out to her chin, and before I touched her, she flinched and turned towards me. She looked offended, so I snatched my hand back. It was a strange reflex that never usually happened to me, save for that time I decided to tango with a mamba back home. It was if I was worried she would strike like the snake did. I knew she was the same; she could kill me if she wanted to. But for now, she just looked at me with sullen blue eyes. \"When do your guys get here?\" she asked quietly, trying not to wake the sleeping Drake. \"Few minutes now. Shouldn't be long,\" I mumbled, feeling genuinely nervous. \"They're a bunch of jackasses, though. Wouldn't put it past 'em to be deliberately late…\" Protea looked down again, nodding in understanding. \"I just want to get off this fucking rock…\" She perked up. \"Do we have enough oxygen in here? Like, enough for the five of us?\" \"I don't fuckin' know. We haven't died yet, so I think we're fine, princess.\" She went to retort, but froze and pursed her lips. Then she looked thoughtful. I swear I saw a smile cross her lips. My eyes couldn't help but linger there for a moment, even after she caught me looking. \"Well at least we'll be on Earth soon,\" Protea muttered sheepishly, her eyes flickering up and down. \"Yeah… At least…\" Abbott approached me with a guarded look, his hand raised slightly before him. I looked at him with my best 'fuck off' look, but he didn't quite get the message. \"What the fuck is it?\" \"Sir,\" the fuckup began slowly, \"Lieutenant Brooks is inbound. He should be here momentarily.\" I mused, pouting my lip. I decided to give him a bit of a break, considering I would give him an actual break later. \"Thanks.\" He looked foolishly hopeful. \"Now fuck off.\" He dipped his head and scuttled away with a more than audible curse. Ignoring him, I turned to Protea. \"You good with Drakey, thea?\" I asked, motioning towards Drake, who had woken up at the sound of his name. \"Yeah, we're alright,\" she smirked down at the boy, who glanced up then down with rosy cheeks. She leaned infinitesimally closer to me. \"Honestly, he reminds me of my brother before…\" When her voice faltered, I knew to leave her be. \"Alright, just keep him quiet when Brooks gits hea. Brooks ain't the kind of man to appreciate stow-aways. You stay quiet too.\" I thought hard for a moment. If we had to board their ship to leave, I'd have to come up an excuse for Protea and Drake. Prisoners? Mother and son. It was a gamble, but if there was one thing I was good at, it was gambling. \"If anyone asks, you're mother and son—\" Immediately a caterwaul arose from the two of them, both protesting the idea, claiming each hated the other and that there was no resemblance whatsoever. I snapped at them to shut up, distraught enough already. They quieted, but now glared at me insolently. What are we, a fuckin' family or something? The thought sent a stomach-vaulting feeling through me. Eeugh… My radio crackled, then began to beep. I walked over to the cockpit and answered. \"Brooks? Whea the fuck are ya?\" \" Circling overhead now, Kruger. Deploying kitten's claws.\" At that, I heard the familiar squeal of Brooks' ship, the Panther, halt just above the Raven. I heard its specialized carrier clamps lock on the Raven's wings. If he fucks up my paint-job I swear I'll rip his spine out through his asshole… I smiled at how often I used this threat. I rather liked it. Had a nice ring to it. \"It's about time, bokke . Now git us home.\" \" Yes, sir. See you soon. Brooks, out.\" Communication cut and we began to move. I felt the craft rise in the air, and stumbled a little with a smile on my face. In all honesty, I couldn't wait to get off the fucking moon. I grasped the overhead bars and stared off out the hanger window, ignoring the stare from Protea. When we got to Earth, what would she do? Where would she go? She had contacts, she could go to them. But would they take her? Would I have to force my hand? All these questions had hounded me since I figured it was her. One question that haunted me most of all was what I would do without her. Part of me knew I couldn't cope with another separation; I felt too attached to let her walk out of my life again. I couldn't cry again. Space passed by loftily and quickly, Earth came into view. I saw my home continent turn away from me just as the sun peaked over the spherical edge of the globe. I was momentarily blinded but stared on. Anything to avoid her gaze. As if guided by invisible strings, she staggered over to me carefully, grasping the same bar as mine and stared out the window with me. She didn't say anything, but I felt her gaze on me. I didn't want to look at her, and yet I did. Reluctantly, I glanced sidelong at her. Damn, was the only thing I could think, for more reasons than one. I saw her pretend to look away nonchalantly, but return her blue gaze again. \"What?\" I snapped at her, feeling like a trapped animal more and more each minute. \"Nothing…\" \"Good.\" Total silence. \"Good…\" Suddenly, the craft began to shudder. We were entering Earth's atmosphere. We would likely land back at the Americans' base. I never liked living in one place for very long, as I preferred to never stay long enough to leave a mark. I had homes, or whatever you called a series of provisional apartments, all over the world. But none of them were ever as fun as LA is, or used to be. Strip and night clubs on every corner, taverns, a back door to the black market; it was my type of paradise. A heathen like me favored the filthy over the frivolous. After all, the filthy have more fun. As I was lost in thought, the craft shuddered again, making me stagger a foot backwards to balance myself. Protea had not been so lucky to catch herself, as she fell right into me, square against my chest. She stared up at me. Her eyes were like saucers, scared and uneasy. I couldn't help but naturally reach a hand out to steady her, while still keeping myself steady. She stiffened at my touch, but remained where she was pressed against my chest. Her face softened. She looked around my face, eyes flicking back and forth, up and down. Her jaw was slack, her mouth open slightly. I glanced down at her lips, wanting more than anything to lean forward and take them up in my own. Her eyes lingered on my lips, too, as she blinked slowly at them. The tension built feverishly, and I felt myself begin to pant ever so lightly. I knew what she wanted from me, then. She knew I wanted it, too. Protea's eyes closed in anticipation for that electric moment of contact. I almost did lean into her, ready to release my passion in a single kiss, but a winded exclamation from Drake stopped me cold. \"Whoo! Gotta love that turbulence, eh?\" I hadn't realized that a mere moment had passed. It had seemed like an eternity, the steady friction and lingering eyes. Protea sensed my disappointment but straightened out regardless, steadying her own feet before grasping the bar with both hands. She studied the ground in front of her, as if trying to wipe her memory of the intense moment. I reluctantly looked away, over to the pilots. Crowe was chatting idly about how much he'd like to take a couple days off before heading to India: hit the strip clubs, get blind drunk and start over again. Abbott looked gloomy as hell, knowing full well he was about to be relieved with a little extra pepper, because his boss loved him so much. I wouldn't mind enjoying the Los Angeles to its full extent myself. Maybe I would just relieve my good pilot for a few days before heading to India. I gave Crowe a nod when he glanced over at me as he described me being a hard-ass. He grinned widely and began making plans of debauchery with Abbott. I glanced over at Drakey, who had just exclaimed that we were close to the ground. I wondered what I would do with him, as well. He couldn't stay here, but I knew he wouldn't leave, either. Maybe we could put a couple of years on him the next time we were at a Medbay. I knew Brooks had one. He had kissed enough ass on Elysium that his commanding officers there had simply given him one for himself and his crew. Lucky bastard, I thought, he should owe me more than a lift for saving his ass all those years ago… Even as I made tentative plans for my crew and I, Protea still remained unpredicted. I guess she would answer my questions when we landed and that hanger door opened.[Chapter 20] XIX Los Angeles Kruger How much longer could he cope with the agony of uncertainty? This was worse than war. If he had survived the Apartheid, surely he could survive a broken heart? He had had his heart broken before, with a sword , but not even that compared to this. Loneliness. We landed, finally. Never had I been so glad to get out of my own aircraft. I stalked out onto the shrubby desert grass and stretched my legs. The anti-gravity of space working against our artificial gravity took a toll on my muscles. I didn't realize it, but I had been tensing the entire time. But then again, maybe it wasn't just the gravity. Drake barreled out into the field beside me. Shit . Before I could warn him to get back, Brooks and his men had spotted the boy and grasped his arms. \"Fuck off, teef ! Let me go, bastaard ! You'll pay!\" He kicked and struggled as Brooks brought him over to me. He shoved the boy down to his knees at my feet. I didn't flinch, merely levelled with my ex-commander. \"Quite a mouth on this one, eh? Ain't that right, boy? You kiss your mother with that mouth?\" Brooks taunted. He unleashed the hellion. \"And yours, too, piel kop !\" Drake spat directly upward. With a generous arc, it landed squarely on Brooks' forehead. A priceless look of disgust crossed the lieutenant's face as he wiped the gunk off his face. \"Where'd you find this rat? I hope you have a good exterminator…\" I laughed heartily. \"Dug him up in your wife's poes, poepol .\" I lowered my hand without lowering my eyes. A clap of victory echoed across my palm as Drake slapped it. \"English, goddamnit, Agent 32! English so I know what you're saying!\" \"Trust me, sir, you don't wanna hea what I'm saying…\" I shot a wicked grin at Drake, who returned it with equal mischief. \"Well, I don't care. What do you plan on doing with this runt?\" I looked down at Drake, who looked pleadingly up at me. He knew I wanted to leave him here, back where I had found him, but I knew I couldn't. He would stay no matter what, no matter how hard I tried to shake him. \"I plan on doing with him whatever I please.\" Drake looked scared for a moment. \"He stays with me.\" With a look of relief from Drake and an eye-roll from Brooks, the lieutenant began to walk away without a word. Then, he turned on a heel and pointed a finger at me. \"This makes us even, Kruger. I don't owe you anything. Not anymore. Okay?\" \"Alright then, bokke ,\" I snorted, amused at his nervousness. With that, he and his crew walked away from the ruins of the Raven. My poor ship had one busted engine, broken beyond repair, and a tear in the primary walling. The only reason we hadn't suffocated in space was that outer reinforced hull. I can safely say that it's saved my ass more than once. \"Hey, Kruga…?\" Drake tugged at my shirttail like a lost child. \"Where am I gonna live? I mean… I ain't got a home anymore, and I'd been living with you on the ship for the last day or so, so… I dunno… What am I gonna do?\" He was a lost child. I hadn't thought about arrangements. I was thinking, in the long run, he would be trained and suited up for the job, older and eligible to be a legitimate crew member of mine. But for the near future, I had not thought of it. And now, with Protea on board, I had even less of a clue as to what to do with either of them. Curious, I walked over to the Raven as Crowe began making arrangements to have the ship fixed. Abbott sulked around, still waiting for his abysmal dismissal. Protea was sitting in the hanger where I had told her to wait. She looked up when I came in and bolted upright. \"Are you going to let me go?\" she asked breathlessly. \"I was neva holding you in the first place,\" I noted glumly. \"You escaped me, remember? I thought that was reason enough to let you off the hook. Delacourt's done with you anyways. She ain't on your trail anymore. I'd suggest laying low, princess.\" She responded with a quiet \"don't call me princess\" and crossed her arms in deliberation. \"I honestly never thought I'd get this far… I mean… Getting healed after the accident ,\" she sneered at me as she said this, \"getting a new identity, inside and out. And Marcel… I mean, I just left him. I stranded him, without a word! He must be so worried! I should—\" She suddenly stopped ranting. Her eyes blazed. \"I should report you!\" \"What the fuck?\" \"Yes! I should report you! I should say you kidnapped me! I could go to the authorities as a new citizen and get you arrested for putting me through all this! I'll send you to jail for the rest of your life, you crazy motherfucker.\" \"You're the one who's crazy, you know that, eh? What the fuck are you talking about!\" I demanded, getting increasingly agitated. \"I'll do that! Yes! My case will hold up in court, and Marcel will vouch for me. He'll agree I'm a victim of the venomous Agent Kruger!\" She strode up to me and punched a finger to my collarbone. \"I've got enough on you to lock you up forever, space hobo-\" What the fuck? \"-and you'll rot in a real prison, not the daycare they run on Elysium.\" She stared intensely, crazily, at me with wild eyes. She was clearly delusional. Maybe moon fever is a real thing. \"You nearly done, princess?\" I growled. She glared. \"Not nearly.\" She lurched forward suddenly, her head aimed right for my jaw I thought she would head-butt me, then flee. I certainly would. I think I'd prefer the head-butt to this. She kissed me. Her lips hit mine with such fierce passion, I staggered back slightly, totally taken aback. I stilled, not wanting to move a muscle, I even shut my eyes because I knew there was no way this could be happening. It lasted a few seconds, then she broke away, sputtering to herself in disbelief. A look of shock was plastered on her otherwise pretty face, contorting it strangely. My eyes snapped open just in time to see her sprint out the hanger door. I raced after her, slipping on the metal floor. When I got up, I flung myself out of the ship, my head whipping around in every direction. I noticed Drake, Crowe and Abbott shouting happily amongst each other. I barked at them if they had seen which way the girl went. When neither pilot disclosed anything of use, Drake sprinted over to me. As I stood panting, he anxiously asked, \"Where did she go? Where did the girl go? What happened? Why'd you let her get away?\" \"You were supposed to know!\" All my desperation poured out suddenly. My exasperated wail caught the attention of Crowe and Abbott, who jogged over to me, guns at the ready. \"What is it boss—\" \"The girl!\" \"What?\" \"Where did she go? Which direction?!\" \"Kruger, I don't—\" I shoved my way past the two of them. I looked desperately for a trail of dust, or something else to indicate which way Protea had run. When I saw nothing, I sunk to my knees. I felt my jaw go slack and I knelt, mouth gaping in disbelief. She was gone again. Gone . The darkness bubbled up inside me once again, shredding my insides, as I cried out into the hot Western sun. Protea I didn't move from behind old gas pump, I scarcely moved a muscle. Even as I heard his agonized wail carry across the desert, I tried hard not to flinch. I had a preconceived notion that Agent Kruger could not feel pain. Especially not emotional pain. But I have been wrong before. And I was so wrong now. I never thought I would feel the sharp guilt I felt now. Guilt for him . He had brought this on me. He had destroyed my life. I told myself this over and over and over but I knew it just wasn't true. It was true I was scared for my safety when he captured me under Delacourt's orders, and it was true he hurt me more than once. But all the same, he had redeemed himself each time he wrought punishment upon me. He had saved my life, whether or not I'll admit it, twice . He stopped Tweedy from doing who knows what to me. He had somehow helped me escape the CCB. He had even begun my healing process by taking me to some random citizen's house. Kruger had put his job, his crew, and his life on the line to save me, to keep me from harm. But why? Why was I so important to him? Those were questions I had once asked myself. Now I think I knew. He lovedme. In his own twisted, Kruger-ish way, he loved me. That cry, usually reserved for the over-dramatic wail of an actor on set, was all real, raw emotion. I wasn't sure if it was the volume and tone of it, or the fact that it was in fact pure anguish. Anguish I had caused him. For all the times I wished ill upon him, I now sought to take it all back, regardless of everything else. Because I was felt the same kind of twisted love for him, too. Though, perhaps, I truly was delusional. It must be some kind of syndrome or something! My scattered conscience tried to rationalize this situation. You don't actually love him! That's impossible! There's so much wrong with him, so many reasons you can't love him! And yet, I effectively ignored the wailing conscience in my head. So many reasons I can't love him… Maybe that was it then. The more I pushed away, the closer I got, like being in a hole of sand. The harder you struggle, the tighter the sand compacts around you. I could feel the sand tighter than it had ever been. Especially after that kiss… A cry escaped my throat, and was matched by his, effectively creating a ghoulish echo across the desert field. Kruger Even as the cleanup crew came and went, I didn't move. Stubbornly, I stood staring out into the desert, refusing to acknowledge anyone unless I needed to. Eventually, the coolness of dusk settled on my shoulders. The Raven's crew had gone home in friends' vehicles, while the ship was airlifted out of the vacant lot. Only Drake remained by my side, adorned in an oversized vest and fatigues. He knelt by my side contentedly, looking out in the same arbitrary direction as me. \"Did she mean a lot to you?\" I only nodded, truly not knowing how to answer that particular question. \"I liked her, too. Not like, just physically, I mean… She made me feel safe, you know? Made me feel… good. You know?\" \"Yeah, I know, Drakey…\" I murmured, trying to blink away the sting in my eyes. \"I know what you mean.\" We stayed there for about twenty more minutes, until Drake began to shiver slightly from the light drizzle that had begun. I nudged him to his feet. \"Let's git you to out of hea. Git you a nice bed, clean water. Come on.\"[Chapter 21] XX We The Scavengers Protea I had left the vacant lot for fear of being discovered. I'm not sure how long Kruger stayed there for, but I know he stayed long after I had gone. From here, I had no idea what to do. I would have to find shelter for the night until I could make a permanent residence somewhere. Being back in the slums of LA made an arrogant part of me once again yearn for Elysium's rolling hills and fresh air. Fortunately, the thought of Delacourt snapped me out of my delusion. This was my home, just as it had been for the last three years. I had been through hell to get back here, and for what? I was useless here. There was no way I could fund anything, for I didn't have a penny to my name. I would have to find Spider. He would help, and if not him, his men. Tracing the streets with ingrained familiarity, I tracked my way through throngs of people to a shabby old pawn shop. Above it, I knew lived one of Spider's own, who also happened to be a good friend of mine. I rapped on the shop door, which had a sign with the words CERRADO/CLOSED on it. A voice from inside shouted in Spanish, then in English, that the shop had just closed and that I should come back tomorrow. When I didn't stop, the source of the voice came thundering over to the door to silence me. When the owner arrived at the door, she cursed angrily once more in Spanish and told me to fuck off. Shit. I forgot. \"Get out of here, rata . Shop's closed! Cerrado! \" She was about to walk away when I remembered the pivotal mantra we all shared. \" El cielo a la tierra, tierra a la cielo ,\" I said through the glass. It was Spider's personal motto, which he had taught to us all in training: \"heaven to the earth, earth to the sky\". It marked our goal to bring down Elysium and deliver it to those who needed it on Earth. Rosa Belliros, the shop owner and my friend, was suspicious now but gave me a second shot. \"Who are you? How do you know that mantra?\" \"It's me, Rosa. Protea.\" \"Protea, huh? What's the name they call my mother?\" I laughed, remembering vividly why Rosa's mother was referred to as \"the Bulldozer\". \" Excavadora! \" With wide eyes, Rosa unlatched the door. She stood studying me for several long moments before I asked if I could come in. She nodded briskly and showed me in. The shop was air-conditioned and smelled of cured leather and old metal. The door clattered shut behind me and Rosa rushed over to grasp me. She held me at arm's length with a confused scowl on her face. \"How it that you, Protea? Dios mio … Why do you look calente all of a sudden, eh?\" She gave a strained chuckle as her eyes began to tear. \"I thought you were dead. When they cornered you… I thought they had… Ah …\" \"It's been a long couple days, Rosa, I'll say that much. Listen, I need a favor. I'll explain the facelift after,\" her horrified face told me she would not let me sleep until I did, \"but for now I just need a bed. Please, can you help me, Rosa?\" She looked hard at me, trying to decide if it was really her old friend behind such a different visage. She paused before she spoke. \"I really do think it's you, Protea. I just can't understand how you're here.\" \"Neither can I,\" I admitted honestly, \"I've seen a lot of things, and been through hell. It's a fucked up world I live in, Rosa…\" I choked up and fell into her arms, utterly exhausted. She stumbled slightly under my deadweight, but I knew she could support me with her strong and slender frame. \" Chicka… Relax!\" she soothed, slinging my arm over her shoulders. \"I'll let you have the couch for tonight, and you can explain to me tomorrow what you have been through, okayee?\" Eventually, we made it up to her apartment. I collapsed on the couch and shortly after, she threw a blanket over me. She offered me water, which I accepted gratefully. Water dribbled down my cheeks and mixed with my tears. Rosa sat down beside me and rubbed my shoulders as I cried. She soothed me, and eventually, I was able to relax, finally feeling safe. As soon as my head hit the pillow, I fell into a deep sleep. Just before I drifted into a deep slumber, I realized I could still taste Kruger's lips on mine. Even though it was imagined, the taste of blood reminded me to stay away from the cobra for as long as possible. I awoke to the aroma of breakfast burritos being cooked with bell peppers, a smell I learned well when I was living with Rosa before. The alluring smell of breakfast lifted me out of my swath of blankets and into the tiny apartment kitchen. Rosa was busy cooking and didn't notice me until I sat down at the tiny two-seater table. \" Buenos dias , rata callejera ,\" Rosa teased good-naturedly, no doubt referring to my street rat appearance. It was true. I really did need a shower. \"Hey, Rosa, could I—\" \"By all means, use all the soap!\" She laughed and expertly flipped the burrito in the frying pan. \"What do you plan on doing now? I mean, you can stay as long as you need to, but… Is there someone after you?\" \"No! Rosa, no! Of course not!\" I half-lied, \"if there were someone after me, I wouldn't put you in danger by coming here.\" \" Gracias , mi amiga ,\" she sighed. \"But what happened? Start from where we got separated at the base.\" I regaled her with my journey in the last several days, subtly censoring the bits about my flighty emotions and raging libido. Even hearing it from my own mouth made it sound more like a bad science fiction tale. I should get a movie deal for this shit , I thought grimly. Rosa's reaction shifted from horror to disbelief to grief to humor and back to horror as I recounted everything I could remember. She didn't ask any questions, as she was often the strong-and-silent type, but her face said it all. When I finished, her eyes lit up. \"So you just walked away? Like that ? And he let you go?\" I looked at her solemnly. \"Yes. I stole away when no one was looking.\" \"What about the kid? Will he be okay?\" \"I hope so. I think he actually saw Kruger as a role model.\" I made an overdramatic face of disgust, and Rosa laughed. \"Maybe he'll come to his senses, eh? Man… Your life is loco , amiga … But what are you going to do now? Are you going to Spider?\" \"I was thinking of that, yeah.\" Maybe if I tried hard enough, I could get my old job of hacking into military bases back. Yeah, like I'll make that mistake again , I thought sardonically, making a mental note to stay as far away from the military as possible. \"Do you think he'll take me back? I mean, will he even believe that it's me?\" \"If he doesn't, I'll make him believe it!\" Rosa flexed her arm in a show of dramatic macho flair. We laughed and organized to leave for Spider's at noon. I finally showered for what felt like the first time in a week. I had been tentatively washed by one of Marcel's regular Armadyne bots, which had felt more like a steaming than a cleaning. But not even a hearty shower could wash the feeling of Kruger from under my skin. I imagined that I could still feel his breath on my skin, and the taste of his lips on mine. With a loud groan, I titled my head back and let the water fill my mouth before I coughed it out. Now the only thing I tasted was the chlorine-tang of LA house water. We arrived at Spider's precisely at noon. I felt a shudder of discomfort being back here at the underground lair. Though it was the middle of the day, I could see into the dimly lit, cloaked alleyway filled with an array of people dancing, doing drugs, and other obscenities. Neon lights illuminated the alley with pink, purple, yellow and blue patches. I knew the lights acted as a cover for Spider's high-tech nest hidden deeper inside. Rosa and I waded through throngs of people. I was jostled and pushed around as I made my way through to the guarded entryway. I could hear a familiar voice booming over the music the nearer I got. The man in charge stood out like a sore thumb. He was nearly three hundred pounds, with a face like a dog's ass. He sported a long scar that ran down the length of his face to the edge of his furry collarbone. He had a voice like thunder and an attitude like lighting. This was Rodrigo \"Spider\" Sanchez-Mendita, the vainest and most selfish philanthropist I knew. He stood looming in front of a large monitor glowing orange with the blueprints of a military storehouse. He was barking at others gathered around, discussing the possibility of breaking in and stealing materials. One of the men with him piped up about how breaking into the militia would be impossible, and that they could get the same parts they needed by scrapping cars. \"No! No! We need the reinforced hulls! Those , we can only find on those ships! How the fuck , are our crafts supposed to last a minute in space , without a reinforced hull?!\" He smacked the poor, wise man. \"Figure out another way in.\" Rosa chose now to approach the fuming beast. He noticed her and changed his demeanor immediately. \"Rosa! My dear! I hope you have brought me some good news.\" \"Yeah, Spider,\" she began confidently. \"I got some new information about another storehouse just two miles from this one,\" she gestured to the prints on the screen, \"that has more stuff and less man-power.\" Spider smiled widely. \"That is good news. And who is this plus one of yours? How did she make it past the gate?\" He glared suspiciously at me now. \"She knew the mission code. This is Protea Angelico.\" The boss man looked from me to Rosa without changing his hardened expression. \"Do you expect me to—\" \" PROTEA! \" A happy, high pitched squeal came from somewhere behind us. Out of the darkness came a young boy, about six years old, with a crutch and brace around his skinny leg. He bore a striking resemblance to his father, only a hundred times cuter. He hobbled forward excitedly, glittering eyes trained on me. When he reached me, he flung himself into my arms and gave me a might bear hug. \"Protea's back! Protea's back!\" he yelled happily, hugging me tighter. I was shocked. I knew this boy well. He was the bright and shining heir to Spider's technological underground kingdom, Antonio. But I was confused as to why he was showing me such affection when I looked completely different. The others were shocked as well. \"Antonio! Get away from her! Vamanos, niño! \" \"But it's Protea! She's finally back!\" he squealed happily, hanging onto me. I was flabbergasted. \"H-how did you know it was me, Antonio? How are you so sure I'm Protea?\" He looked up at me with big brown eyes. \" Su sonrisa ,\" he purred. I understood that. My smile… I took the boy up in my arms and spun him around, utterly grateful there was at least one person who had boundless faith in me. The sentiment agitated Spider further, as he was unsure of what was actually going on. \"Who are you,\" Spider demanded fiercely, glaring at me like I was truly a rat. His suspicion hurt me. Seeing him turn his keen interrogation skills on me was awful. I had become good friends with him and his boy over the last three years, and now I felt utterly alone under his murderous gaze. I wish he would just believe me, but it seems I have to prove myself. \"It's me, Spider. I'm Protea Angelico.\" \"It's true,\" Rosa chimed in, \"it's a really long story, trust me, but it's worth the time to listen.\" She began to tell my story in rapid Spanish, unable to control herself. I stopped her with a hand on her shoulder, holding Antonio in the other. \"I'll tell you myself, but you must believe that it's me. Please, Spider, I'm begging you.\" He gave me a curt nod and told me to sit in his office with Rosa. She would vouch for me. Antonio insisted on staying clamped to my chest, so I let him hear my tale as well. When Spider finally graced us with his attendance, I began to sow my story yet again. And again, I left out all the close encounters of the romantic kind. Spider listened intently with a grim expression the entire time. When I finished, Spider looked blankly at me and the profusely nodding Rosa. Suddenly, he chortled loudly and waved a dismissing hand. Rosa and I looked at each other confusedly before leaving the jiggling bowl of fur in his office. We sat anxiously awaiting the boss' verdict. I sincerely hoped he would believe me and my story's authenticity. My future depended on it. Finally, Spider re-appeared in the doorway. He wore a dark, grim expression. I was about to be thrown out by three heavily tattooed, muscled men into the gutter, I knew it. So I waited with a knot in my stomach for the order to be given. I looked pleadingly at Spider again, praying to whoever was listening. Spider looked at me, as well, the same dark and scary mask on his face. Maybe mask was the right word. Spider suddenly swiped upwards with his hand across his face. Immediately, the fury had disappeared and was replaced by a friendly, even goofy, smile. It was if he wiped the anger from his face. Of course, this act was supposed to be comical, but I found it at the very best, repulsive. He knew it was me all along! \"You son of a bitch! Fuck you, Rodrigo Sanchez!\" I fumed. \"Actually, it's 'Sanchez-Mendita' now. Got it hyphenated for Maria's sake—\" \"You scared me to death, you lard-ass! I thought your bulldogs were going to rip me apart!\" I roared at him, fists balled tightly. He must have enjoyed his joke, for now he was doubled over in laughter, shaking like a bowl of gelatin. \"Ah ha! I knew it was you all along, Protea, I… I… I… I just wanted to… to… get you going!\" He could hardly string a sentence together, he was laughing so hard. \" Your face ! Priceless!\" I shook my head in fierce disapproval. \" Poepol ,\" I muttered, making no bother with volume restriction. He quieted for a moment. \"What did you call me?\" I smirked. \" Asshole! \" He broke out into another bout of laughter. \"That's a good one! Where did you learn that?\" \"Picked it up in my travels…\" The afternoon passed with the crew asking questions about my absence and clanking beers with me whenever I said something remotely adventurous. Questions like, \"how did you get out then\" and \"well, how did you get out that time\" were among the most popular inquiries. I tried to answer as best I could with the tequila flowing through me and the beer bubbling in my bloodstream. I hoped that when I began to get really chatty, I didn't reveal too much about my journey. I remembered talking about Delacourt, Marcel, and Tweedy and Crowe. Even Drakey made the marquee sometimes. But the subject that obviously dominated my conversation was Kruger. Whilst the crew drank and celebrated my return, I managed to slink away out onto the balcony I so often enjoyed. I gazed out over the main street and into the distance. The bigger, wealthier city of Los Angeles, what I had heard was once the entire city, glittered like stars on the horizon. A musky purple-pink hung over the city in a blanket of smoggy light. I was reminded of the view I had beheld that first night of being rouge, the night I had fallen asleep in Kruger's arms. The setting sun had struck the glass of the habitat in a way that a flare shone through it, across the suburbs. It seemed strange to me that such an artificial thing could behold so much natural beauty. But it seemed that beauty could be found in nearly anything, even the deepest fathoms of a black and broken heart. It felt normal for Kruger to be lolling about in every concurrent thought of mine. Even things that had nothing to do with the mercenary, I always seemed to find a way to link it to him. Now that I was free, I was trapped even more. I resolved myself. I had to find his good side again, and stay there.[Chapter 22] XXI Poison Kruger He had thought himself the deadliest serpent about, but not even snakes are immune to all venom. I returned to my two bedroom apartment with Drake. He immediately took to the rotten place, running from each room to the next, even jumping on the couch like a little kid. It occurred to me that he had never actually had a home with a roof before. However much I complained, at least I grew up with a rudimentary roof over my head. \"Is this my room in hea?\" he shouted from the room opposite to mine at the end of the hall. \"Uh, yeah, Drakey,\" I shouted back, still uncertain of this whole situation. That one move of mercy that I had shown the boy landed me in the position of babysitter. I could feel my eyes roll back in my head as I heard the creaking bedsprings beneath an intermittent weight. \"You'd betta not be jumpin' on the fuckin' bed, welpie !\" I warned. The sound immediately stalled. I couldn't help but laugh to myself secretly. I dropped my armour but kept my sword in hand and paced down the hall towards the rooms. I was hoping to scare Drake with the katana, striking at him as a joke. When I looked in, Drake was sprawled out on the double bed, facedown in a spread-eagle, sound asleep. I looked on with slight jealousy. I couldn't remember the last time I had been in such a deep slumber. My entire life, I had been wracked with nightmares, never able to sleep deeply unless I was sedated. I rolled the katana in my hands, thoughtful. Everything seemed to be at peace for the moment, and that's why I was uneasy. I had never been one for peace. I thrived on violence and debauchery, but I couldn't indulge in my usual pastimes. Not with the young Drake literally next door. What if he needed me? Woke up in the middle of the night screaming as I often did? If I were gone, what would he do? Part of me knew he would survive on his own, with or without me. For now, though, I wanted him to survive with me. Exhausted from the day, I paced to the tiny apartment kitchen to down one last beer before hitting the sack. Sword in hand, I popped the lid with an experienced thumb and downed half the bottle in a single gulp. I knew that if I let my mind wander, it would wander to Protea. And so it did. I lost count as to ho many beers I had drank, but all I knew was that I didn't have enough to get her out of my head. Finally, when I felt the call of blackness, I collapsed on the couch and fell into a shallow, dreamless sleep. I felt a harsh prodding on my right shoulder. Drake's voice was muffled in my ears, a consistent drone in my ear. With the katana still in my hand, I shoved him away with the hilt. \"Fuck off, Drakey…\" I growled, a hangover beginning to rear its ugly head. \"Kruga…\" the boy whined, indifferent to my foul mood. \"I'm hungry! And you ain't got no food in hea.\" \"Thea's some in the pantry. Canned shit.\" \"No there isn't. There's nothing hea!\" The tone of his voice caught me. Frowning, I raised myself on trembling arms, a sharp ache throbbing in my temples. \"What the fuck do you mean, thea's nothing hea?\" \"I mean,\" he droned, \"thea's nothing in your fuckin' house! No food, no water, no nothing!\" I got up to investigate what he meant. I scoured the living room and kitchen. All that was around was empty beer bottles and layers upon layers of grime. But the boy was right. Everything else was gone. \"What the fuck…\" I muttered, bewildered. \"Who would take my shit?\" \"Crowe maybe? He's a cheeky fucka, you know that. Or maybe Abbott. Ken-doll fuck probably did it to git back at you for cannin' him. Or maybe—\" \"Shut up, Drakey, I'm trying to think,\" I snapped. I ignored his snarl of protest and scanned the area for signs of intrusion. Luckily, there was enough dust to betray slight footprints. I saw mine, to the fridge and back a dozen times, and I saw another set of tracks. Female, from the size of them, in small hiking boots from the look of the tread. I repeated these fact to Drake, who swooned in awe. \"You're kind of awesome, Kruga, you know that right?\" I would have to save the ego inflation for later. For now, I was set on tracking who ever trudged their way through my shithole of a home while I was passed out. The tracks were fresh, and leading out the balcony window. Upon closer inspection, an insignia was carved into the heel of the boot. \"A spider, eh? Well then, we simply have to find the maker of these intrusive steps.\" Head still throbbing, and morning dwindling, Drake and I made our way through several alleys tracking the footprints. Fortunately, it had rained overnight, making the clay in the ground act as a casting material, betraying my personal thief. I pointed out certain aspects of the trail that made it so easy to follow to Drake. I made note of how to tell direction, gait, distance, and health status of someone from the way their prints were laid. The boy gawked as I absentmindedly showed him everything I knew about tracking. For a moment, I felt genuinely proud of myself for passing on my skills to someone else. It felt good to know that I was being taken seriously when I was not threatening a life. As I was describing the details of an in-step, Drake piped up. \"Do you think you'll find that girl? I mean, I'll help, but… I mean you know her better than I do, obviously. You do, don't you?\" Obviously? It scared me to think that I was that translucent, that anyone could look at me looking at Protea and realize that I knew her well. But then again, Drake wasn't just anyone. \"Yeah, I know her pretty well,\" I mumbled. \"Do you hope you'll find her?\" \"Yeah… I do.\" The details of the footprint had begun to go fuzzy. I found myself teetering slightly. All of a sudden, my armour seemed twice as heavy as it had before. The burlap cloak wrapped around me like a suffocating net. I began to wobble on my own feet. My hand struck the wall for support, and I felt a dry heave wrack my body. Drake's voice issued a mocking tone, exclaiming that I couldn't hold my liquor. I knew something wasn't right, so I ignored the boy's regular taunts and tried to focus my breathing, which was now becoming fast and shallow. Black spots began to form in my vision, and I soon collapsed. My head was spinning. Drake's voice pitched high with worry as he realized I wasn't faking. As I crumpled to the ground, apparently paralyzed by whatever was in my system, he guided me into a fetal position. I had no time to marvel at the boy's instincts. For now, I was a victim of whatever was happening to me. \"Help! Someone help!\" Drake yelled anxiously. \"Just stay here, I'll be right back,\" he reassured me through my haze. He sprinted off into the streets and left me crumpled in the alley. I felt myself on the brink of passing out. It would not be long before I blacked out completely. What had happened to me? This was no normal hangover, if it was a hangover at all. I had been drugged. By what, I had no idea. By who, I would certainly find out. Drake People would not move out of the way fast enough. Drake sprinted through throngs of people, pushing and shoving as he did. Several times, he stumbled into the dust, inviting sneers from the other street kids. He ignored them with a wistful spite and continued on his mission. He had to find help for the assassin who had taken him in. He felt that he owed as much to Kruger for getting him out of his shithole of a city, regardless of the fact that he had landed him into a strange new one. He didn't exactly know what he was looking for. A hospital? Crowe's house? All the streets were beginning to look the same. This city was far different from his own, and every sign was either in his second language or an alien one. The young boy felt lost and lonely once again. This feeling was nothing new, however, and he knew how to survive it. Drake took extra care to memorize the path he had taken from Kruger. Simply leaving the mercenary to whatever fate had occurred to him, but he knew that he simply couldn't leave him, not now. If the situation went smoothly, Drake would still end up on the streets. If the situation went sour, then Drake would have an unbelievably skilled tail poised to strike when he was vulnerable. Either way, he was indebted to Kruger and would stay by his side. Regardless of the consequences. \"Someone! Help!\" Drake shouted into the crowds, his voice becoming hoarse from screaming. No one stopped to inquire why the filthy boy was yelling. The most attention Drake received was pitying sneers from disdainful passerby. He sought out expensive looking people, people who probably had access to care or at the very least a cell phone. Eventually, he spied a youngish girl chattering away on her phone. With honed precision and skill, Drake slunk up behind her, snatched her phone and disappeared into an alley pulsing with the dull beat of a night club. Breathlessly, he hid behind a cluster of people smoking a joint while the woman he had just watched from came bustling around the corner. She was shouting up a storm, and gained the attention of the others in the alley. She raised enough of a ruckus that several people with guns on their hips bundled out from further within the alley. One of those people, Drake inexplicably recognized. \"Boss' girl…\" Drake couldn't believe his eyes as he slowly rose from his hiding spot to get a better look at the girl he had helped aboard the Raven. The cell-phone girl immediately spied Drake, and snatched her phone back, scolding him in what he guessed was Spanish. With a slap to the back of the head, she left and the alley smokers returned to their recreation. The group that had come out of the pit further down began to leave. Drake took the moment to chase down the girl. Just before he could reach her, a burly security guard stopped him dead. \"Let go of me, teef !\" Drake spat as he struggled. He was out of options. He and to get her attention. What was her name? he thought urgently, trying hard to recall what Kruger had called her. Finally, he remembered and yelled out at the top of his lungs, \"Protea!\" He was not sure if the name was right, but when the girl stopped dead, Drake knew he had succeeded in gaining her attention. She whipped her head around in Drake's direction. She narrowed her eyes, searching out the one who had called her name. Her eyes came to settle on the struggling, spitting boy, and she raced over to him. \"Buster, it's okay,\" she reassured the guard holding Drake at bay. \"I know him. Let him go.\" The guard complied and Protea ushered Drake into a private corner. \" Drakey ?\" She sounded breathless, as she had been the one sprinting around for ten straight minutes. \"What are you… Where's Kruger?\" Drake would take note of the distress in her voice later. \"I think he's been poisoned. You need to come, now!\" He grasped her hand and tugged in Kruger's direction. She followed without a fight. Together, they sprinted back towards the fallen mercenary. By the time they got back, Kruger was had stilled. A trail of foam trickled from the corner of his mouth and onto the ground. He had thrown up a little blood and a bluish liquid, and looked about ten minutes dead. When she saw him, Protea let out a loud whimper and rushed over. Drake now took notice of how urgently she examined him, how distressed she looked to see him like this. Even Drake could see that these two had a connection deeper than mutual respect. \"He's still breathing!\" Protea exclaimed after a short while. \"We have to get him to a hospital. Now! There's one around the corner from here, about two blocks away.\" Drake rolled his eyes in a gesture of disbelief. Of course there was a hospital around the corner, the only place he hadn't checked. Regardless, he saved the self-loathing for later. He helped Protea half-drag, half-carry the fallen Kruger to the emergency room. By the time they arrived and Kruger was taken into care, the two of them were panting hard from the effort. They collapsed on a waiting room bench and waited to hear news of the fallen mercenary.[Chapter 23] ~ Dear Readers, for those who still follow my story, thank you for your support. Circumstances may have taken me away, but I'm back, baby! New chapters will come. More action will unfold. This I promise you. Now, I would suggest re-reading the previous chapter, or perhaps the whole story as I did, to get re-aquainted with my cast of characters. Without further ado... I give you (albeit a tiny) Chapter 22! ~ ~ Enjoy! ~ - CS XXII The Last He Ever Was Kruger First, came the smell of smoke, acrid in my nostrils and thick in my lungs. Next, came the heat of the flames lashing at my legs, then my body. I had no protection against the fire. Bare, naked and vulnerable to the inferno growing slowly beneath me. I couldn't even move. I was chained, my limbs bound by biting iron. I tried to scream, but mechanical claws clamped themselves across my mouth like a vice. Though no sound emanated from my throat, my vocal cords were hoarse from the effort of trying to make myself known to the blackened world around me. The only thing visible was a single pinprick of light far, far ahead of me. I couldn't tell what it was from back here, but I knew it was important, I knew it was my way out, and I knew it was unreachable. The chains suddenly lunged downwards, dragging me sharply down with them. The fire and heat tore at the flesh of my legs, making the flesh bubble and burn as I glanced wildly around me for an escape. There was nothing. There was no escape. The chains pulled me harder and faster, tearing into my flesh as easily as a blade through butter. I pulled on my restraints, screaming louder and louder as I desperately tried to break free. And then, spikes. Iron spikes aimed straight at my sternum, poised to pierce straight through my black heart. With horror and burning eyes I watched as the steely jagged blades ripped through my body, straight through me and out the other side. My wails of agony went unheard as though I were in a dream. I lay there, floating in mid-air as time slowed to a heart halt. A single drop of blood, my blood, floated past my wild eyes. I watched it as time resumed it's normal pace, and began to convulse spastically as a jolt of burning electricity was shot through my system. Had I been able to hear myself, I would have sworn that was the loudest I've ever cried. Save for the day in the sand when my flower kissed me and slipped away. I didn't have time to think about anything else before I was thrust about by the chains again. This time, when I fought against them, they simply shortened. My limbs were now slowly being pulled from my body by an invisible force. I felt myself giving way from the inside out. And then, I felt the strangest sensation all over my body. It was not painful, but powerful. A hundred hands pawed at my body, gripping and ripping as they did. I tried in vain to fight them off, to fling them off me, but they crawled on skeletal fingers all over me. They had no host, just severed hands grabbing and violating ever part of me. They began to feel cold as they began to sink into my very skin. Eyes wide with terror, I screamed and begged them to stop with silent screams. The hands melted into my skin, spreading an overall coldness through my being. I lashed my head around wildly to see where they had gone; the hands, the chains, the flames. Nothing was there now. Just a coldness, and a feeling of floating. Trembling feverishly, I dared steal a glance towards the light I had seen before. Soaked to the bone in my own fear, that tiny light was the only thing in this hell that remotely gave me comfort. I stared at it, willing it to come closer. I floated slowly, gently, towards it. I waited for what seemed like millennia. I was a patient man. I would wait. The gentle beating of my heart told me I was alive, and that the light before me would truly be something comforting; something real and precious…[Chapter 24] *2052 XXIII Anti-venom Protea It was nearly four hours before Drakey and I received news of Kruger. The over-crowded hospital was not the place to treat emergency patients, but it was the best option we had had aside from a Medbay, which we didn't have. I sat in silence, breaking vigil every now and then to check on the boy stuck in the same stunned silence as me. I found it absolutely incredible, if not completely impossible that Drakey had found me. I didn't know if Kruger had tracked me somehow, or if I had simply been that bad at covering my tracks. Either way, the only feeling I had was a swelling sense of happiness. I was happy that fate had brought the cobra and I back together, regardless of the dire circumstances. Eventually, the doctor met us in the waiting room and explained what had happened to Kruger. \"You two are the… next of kin?\" The doctor was only inquiring, but I don't think he appreciated the derisive snorts he got from both Drakey and I. He continued with a small scowl. \"Friends, then? Either way, you two were very lucky to bring Agent Kruger in while you did.\" Drakey and I looked concernedly at each other, wondering morbidly what could've happened. The doc went on. \"I've notified his team and coordinators. CCB, eh? They'll be here tonight to pick him up—\" \"Um, no,\" I interrupted him, speaking purely out of impulse, \"we'll be taking him back to his home.\" Drakey looked at me questioningly, and I improvised with, \"H-He asked us to. We are friends…of his. So…Um, yeah. You can send the bill to his address…\" The doctor looked at me strangely, but seemed to buy it. \"Alright then… Anyways, it was extremely good of you to get him here as soon as you did. He was very nearly dead by the time he was wheeled into ER, and he actually expired before we got him on the bed.\" The doctor held up his hands in reassurance as both Drakey and I gasped in horror. \"We were able to revive him though, using a shot of C3-25 adrenaline and a good old defibrillation. If you know what that is, you'd guess that we had to restrain him. It's got a big kick to it. Also, you should know that there was a near toxic level of alcohol in system,\" he said sternly. \"You should let him know about that when he wakes up. We've also set him up with a drip to flush the alcohol out his system.\" The doctor studied us both. \"Keep an eye on him. If you're the only ones he has, I'd suggest staying that way. My heart began to hammer at the thought of staying with Kruger. I reached out with a shaky hand and thanked the doctor. \"Thank you, doc, for doing all you could,\" I sighed honestly. The gut-wrenching feeling I got when I thought of Kruger dying… It was bizarre. Although , I thought to myself, I think we're over the \"I'd like to see you dead\" phase and into the \"I'd much prefer you alive\" stage… With a heavy heart,I trudged back to the waiting room with Drakey. The doctor told me that he would ferry the bill to Kruger's team, and graciously comply with my wishes of sending it out a day later. He also said that since they had Kruger under sedation, a sister company to Mercy hospital would \"deliver\" the mercenary to his home. Perhaps it was because he was a mercenary that they did this for him. Either way, the boy and I were grateful we didn't have to drag a sedated Kruger the whole way home in the dark. The staff at the hospital were kind enough to lend a hand in carrying Kruger out to the cab. We thanked them again and got in the CCB army truck that acted as our own private coach. The personal cab brought the three of us back to Kruger's apartment later that night. I received special instructions on how to operate the nifty little portable drip Kruger would need for the next 48 hours. It was neat device, probably a token from the CCB for their men to use in emergencies like this. I had asked why Kruger needed the drip. The doctor had explained that in all his years of medicine, he had come to trust his hunches - this developed into a thought about the mercenary's state he was in when I had found him. He said that foam from the mouth doesn't happen spontaneously, usually, and that he wanted to cover all bases, just in case. \" In case of what?\" I had asked. \" Poison.\" A shiver had gone down my spine then. We arrived at Kruger's apartment and somehow managed to drag him up the single flight of stairs. Within a half hour, Drakey and I had hauled the deadweight up the stairs and laid him on his bed. He was still groggy, but blissfully unaware of his situation. He slept deeply, unhindered by anything. Drakey and I settled in the grungy living room. I noted that it was the cleanest room of the house, one of the only ones without a dozen empty beer bottles in it. The boy stretched out lazily, reclining further into the surprisingly soft couch. I looked over at him, wondering how he could persist in staying by Kruger's side. Perhaps it was where he was meant to be, he seemed like the soldierly type, definitely. But not now. He was so young, and anyone would know Kruger was probably the least responsible adults Drakey could end up with. I snorted with dark humour at the thought of Drakey calling the mercenary \"dad\". I must have drifted off, for when I woke up, sunlight was pouring in through the ratty blinds of Kruger's apartment. It even took a moment to register where I was, and when I did, adrenaline spiked me awake. Part of my body screamed at me to run, while the other told me to stay perfectly still, like a mouse caught in a trap. Curiosity overtook me and I rose silently from the couch and walked towards the sleeping Kruger's bedroom. Taking extreme care to keep silent, I cracked the door open just enough to peer into the dingy, darkened room. A sliver of light cut through the boarded up window in the dark bedroom, landing squarely across the mercenary's bare neck and shoulders. I took a deep breath and opened the door a little further. Drakey was asleep in another room. His bedroom, from what I gathered of the situation. I stole a look at the mercenary again, musing at how much I had misjudged his capacity for compassion. Approaching Kruger sleeping was just as you might think it would be; like creeping up on a sleeping lion, praying you wouldn't wake it because you knew it could rip you to pieces if it wanted to. I studied him from a distance, thinking about the last week, and thinking about how much he had changed in my perception. I guess I've changed pretty drastically in his eyes, too… My thoughts were interrupted as Kruger stirred slightly in his bed. My heart kicked into arrhythmia. I briefly wracked my brain for reasons I should be here. I really shouldn't. I should leave. What could possibly keep me here? In Los Angeles for that fact, let alone Kruger's home. His crew would be here. What would they say if they saw me here? This was a dangerous place to be, like in the back of a snake's pit, waiting for the serpent to come back and find an intruder in it's nest. Is that what I am here? An intruder? As I battled with the idea, a little six-letter F-word formed partially in my head. I shivered at the thought of it. I continued to watch Kruger shift a little in his bed, watching the muscles in his chest contract as he breathed. I couldn't tell now why my heart was beating so madly; the fear or the fluster. Curious, I checked the drip attached to Kruger's arm. It was a pen-like device that had a thin clear tube sticking out the bottom of it. The end of the tube disappeared into a shapely metal plate in Kruger's forearm, a similar attribute I noticed he bore now all over his body. Pieces of metal on his face, chest and arms that looked to be part of something else. Either way, the metallic bits were a part of him. As I was monitoring the drip's liquid levels, keeping a hand on Kruger's pulse and an eye on the clock, as I was told to, Kruger woke up. He woke up slowly, first sighing deeply to wake up his body. Then, after very long moments, he opened his eyes. His head was turned towards the window, away from me. As he stared lazily at the pinprick of light, I held my breath and slowly crouched low. I didn't move my hand from his wrist, just stared up at him from the edge of the bed fearing these were the last moments of my life. The moments before the lion recognized your presence, before it attacked. He muttered something unintelligible, and yawned. Bolt out of here, he can't catch you when he's like this. You can go free forever. My thoughts were of no solace. I thought I had already done that, gotten away. And I did. But… I came back . My warring thoughts were almost enough to knock me off balance. But I stayed put, still as a statue, as Kruger's eyes turned slowly to meet mine. Time seemed to stop in that moment. Kruger Time froze. Her eyes, her eyes… They were right there. Right here , right in front of me… I doubted reality. This couldn't be real. Protea had vanished, run away from me. She had gone. Forever… But no. No, this wasn't real. Right hand, clench…? Moments passed… My hand did as it was commanded. Eyes, blink… My eyes fluttered in disbelief. It's … real … Protea's eyelids fluttered, too. She was just as confused as I was, but for different reasons. I was wondering where I was and what had happened. I thought for sure I was dead. I was sure that was Hell. That light, though… What had it been? Thoughts of confusion, surprise, shock, anger and fear crossed my weathered mind as I tried to compute everything at once. Finally, mercifully, the only thought that eventually flooded my mind was relief . \"Hi…\" Her voice was like a soothing blanket around my trembling shoulders. And though I was not cold, or trembling even, it was enough to quell the fire I felt in my brain. I could only blink in response, still shocked as to why she was here. I still couldn't trust my eyes. Suddenly, my bedroom door opened, and Drakey appeared in the doorway. His face lit up as I watched him, and he came bouncing up beside the apparition that looked like Protea. \"Kruga!\" he cried softly. \"You're awake! I knew you'd make it.\" The boy slung his arm around the girl, behaving as though she were there. I blinked madly, trying to adjust my eyes, thinking it was just a trick of the light. \"What happened…?\" I managed to ask through gritted teeth and a hoarse throat. Protea's eyes seemed to go glassy, and a look of relief passed over her face. I thought it strange she would be concerned in the slightest for me. She…hated me. Right ? \"Drakey found me,\" Protea started, a little shakily. \"You were almost dead , boss!\" the boy shouted, throwing his arms in the air. \"Actually, ya did die…\" I blinked, trying to understand, looking to the supposed Protea for information. She responded by blinking just as madly. \"By the time we brought you to the hospital… You were dead. They said that you died as they got you on the bed.\" I tried to understand what she was saying. Could this have been why I had seen and felt such a vision of Hell? Maybe I had actually been there and back. Scary. \"They had to revive you with C3-25 and a shock,\" Protea explained, looking worriedly at Drake. \"Must've hurt like a bitch…!\" I laughed weakly, having felt the pain of the wicked strong adrenaline before. Maybe that explains the freakish nightmare I had… Protea hardly chuckled. Drake put an enthusiastic hand on her shoulder. \"I'm gonna go git somethin' to eat. Ya have any chedda', meisie ?\" he asked Protea, sticking out his other hand. \"No, sorry, Drakey,\" she apologized, shaking her head. The little boy straightened up, a proud grin on his face. \"Well, then… I guess I'll just have to make some.\" Protea's eyebrow raised in question. \" Steal it, Protea! Sheesh…\" With that, he bounced out of my bedroom and out into the streets to pick many a innocent bystander. Good kid , I smiled inwardly. \"It's good to see you can smile after all this.\" I was caught off-guard by her eyes on mine. I guess I'd actually smiled a little after the boy. A defensive scowl crossed my face and I sneered in derision. \"I don't smile…\" I growled. The girl nodded, smiling a little herself, albeit in an annoying, teasing way. \"Yeah. Okay, sure…\" In a movement that looked tense, she cautiously sat on the edge of my bed by my feet. My body tensed. She looked sad. Or confused. Or tired. Something like that. Either way, she looked about as defeated as I felt. \"You know… The first time we met wasn't actually the first.\" \"Eh?\" \"We've met before.\" I wracked my brain for an answer. I couldn't conceive of one. \"I don't recall…?\" I ventured curiously, propping up on one shoulder to get a better view of the girl. \"It was years ago… You shouldn't remember.\" Protea took a deep breath, looking thoughtful. \"I was young, maybe sixteen, give or take a few Medbay-shedded years… I was with my dad. You were just a soldier then, I think. I remember walking with my dad through the CCB. He was repairing some of the equipment in the military's wing. He brought me along cause he wanted to show me how the Medbays worked from the inside out…\" She smiled, as if looked back on fond memories. \"He was so great at fixing things… I mean, he ought to be, considering he built the things—\" Protea stopped herself, shutting her mouth. My eyebrows furrowed in confusion, silently asking her what was wrong. \"You know…\" she eventually said, \"When you asked me why I left Elysium? I didn't really have an answer. Part of me wanted to stay, but… Part of me didn't want the weight of my family on my shoulders…\" \"The weight of your family…?\" The curiosity in my voice surprised even me. Suddenly, I felt guilty for interrupting. I grumbled something that may have been an apology, and ducked my head away, grunting at her to go on. I heard her sigh again, and continue. \"Well… My family - my father - was actually the first to…to develop the Medbay technology…\" I was thankful that Protea couldn't see my eyebrows jump up in surprise and amazement. I hadn't ever given much thought to the admittedly awesome technology that the royals on Elysium had access to, the tech that could theoretically give immortality. As I was thinking about all that power, Protea went on and I shut my thoughts off. \"I just didn't want the responsibility of my father's legacy… I wasn't ready… Regardless, he sold the invention to Elysium, and since he was the only one who knew it's base programming, was invited to board Elysium as one of it's first citizens. That's how I ended up there. I was born there… Anyway… Um. So he took me with him that day to the CCB, to the prison… Only, it wasn't a prison then. It was more of a military hangout, I guess. It was a place where mercenaries and soldiers got their new weapons and gear. What do you call that? A bunker? Never mind. But… But that day I saw you. I swear , thinking about it now, it was you.\" I felt Protea's eyes on my turned away head. It took strength to keep from looking back at her. I wanted to, but I didn't. I shook my head in understanding, though I did not, and urged her to carry on. \"I think it was, anyway…\" she mused to herself. \"Did you wear your hair shorter back then? Around *'52? All I remember is my father pointing out each of the soldiers in the room, and telling me each one's names and their strengths.\" What was mine? \"Yours was your cunning, your ruthlessness, at such an early stage in your tour… Your… Eagerness to destroy … \" Protea trailed off, as if the sentence had somehow changed who I was in front of her eyes, as if the last few days didn't exist. I could feel the fear in her as she gazed at me sidelong. I could scarcely make out her profile as I gazed sidelong at her, too. I was reminded of what I was, what I am. Suddenly I felt afraid. Afraid of losing her for the third time. This strange, unidentifiable attachment to her, this possessiveness had taken over my thoughts the last week. I couldn't name what it was; I had never known it before. This must be some sort of syndrome , I thought bitterly. Suddenly, I felt the weight lift off the foot of my bed. I bolted upright, a jolt of adrenaline rushing through me at the thought of Protea vanishing. My heart just about burst when I saw the look of shock on her face. You're still here… Panicked, I thought madly of something to say. \"Eh… Please, eh… Pl-Please stay… For a little while…l-longer…\" The word 'please' felt strange in my mouth. Foreign. I stared into her eyes, as if there were some invisible tether that held her to me, and I bade her to return to my bed. I shifted slightly on my shoulders, though not reclining back. What the fuck is wrong with me?! Protea was shaken by me, but she nodded briskly, afraid. Please, don't be afraid… Her eyes flickered around me, around my face and body. I couldn't tell what she was thinking. Her body read flight. She was ready to run again. Like a startled bird, prepared to whisk itself away from danger in a second. I would do anything to keep her from getting away again. I went to lunge for her, to grab her. I managed to grab hold of her wrist. She fought against me, flinging her arm in different directions to try to throw me off. My grip was soft, but firm; I did not want to hurt her, but I could not let her go. If only she could understand! She continued to fight, lunging with her other hand to rip away mine. Protea grabbed my wrist and slammed it down next to my head, sending me falling back against the bed. The force with which I fell brought her tumbling forward down on top of me. Abruptly, she stopped fighting. She stared, panting down at me, eyes wide and pulse racing. Protea I could hold myself back no longer. Feeling the breath, terror and tension explode forth from me, I kissed Agent Kruger with such ferocity I could hardly decipher what I was doing. ","Summary":" Chapter 1 My back hit the wall as I tried to retreat further into the old deserted gas station. I n"},{"Movie":"Stargate","Title":"Dust In The Wind","Author":"Moonlight Willows","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7968743","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here's chapter 1 to the story based on a crossover roleplay with a Ra. I hope you enjoy it because I had fun roleplaying this story. Italics are for flashbacks, you'll know what I bold the years and places :) For a better storyline of the story please visit my page. I have a well written summary up there. Please Review! :) 8000 B.C. Five men burst into the tent, one of them carrying a boy at about the age of eight. \"Make some room!\" one of them cried. A woman who had already stood to her feet at their horrific arrival clears a table of beads and helps the man carrying the boy laying him flat on the table. The boy is pale and looked like he is already dead. \"His heart beat is very faint.\" The woman said touching the boys chest. \"He comes from the people that came across the red sea centuries ago. We found him in the desert starved, injured and abandoned.\" One of the men told the woman. A little girl the same age as the boy and with fairer skin then them and green eyes watched terrified for the boys' life. \"Is he alright?\" She asked. The woman with the boy turns and faces the girl. \"Nekta you should not be here, go.\" The woman is leading her out. Nekta takes her time not looking away from the boy. \"Go!\" The woman kept urging. \"Wait!\" A man in the tent exclaimed to the woman. \"We may need her. Did you not see how she brought Yu's new born baby out of a plague by just one touch?\" The woman didn't say anything; she only looked down at Nekta. The girl never took her eyes off the boy. She noticed one of his wounds on his left shoulder is infected, a lion scratch maybe. Nekta pointed out at the wound walking closer to the boy. \"He is infected. He must be treated at once.\" \"With what?\" One of the men spoke. A woman got up. \"I know of something.\" She runs out of the tent. Nekta walked up to the boy as close as she could. His breathing is very low and hoarse; eyes flickering as though fighting with all of his might to open them, Nekta releases a tear that streamed down her face. The lady who ran out of the tent came back with some herbs and water. Nekta couldn't get over how helpless the boy looked and obviously felt. His pain caused her to feel pain in that exact moment ever since see laid eyes on him. She closes her eyes heaving from the nose and exhaled softly out of her mouth. Lifting her hand she finds his. With her eyes closed she could hear the light liquid of the herbs being rubbed on his arm. Suddenly Nekta could feel the boys fingers move and closes tightly around hers. Nekta opens her eyes to see their hands crossing another's and looks at the boy. His eyes are open looking straight up at hers. He looked scared at first but became calm a few seconds later. Nekta grins, \"Everything is going to be alright. You're going to pull through.\" She reassured him. The boy's eyes grew big and perches his lips back and forth trying to say something he is tightening his grip with Nekta's hand. Nekta tried to read his lips to understand what he was trying to say. Everyone in the tent stared and went silent as they noticed the boy woke up and tried to speak. \"I'm sorry. I don't understand.\" Nekta told the boy as polite as she could. The boy gave up trying to talk and gazed into Nekta's eyes once more before closing his eyes again. Present Day: The Planet Of Abydos That was the last memory Ra erased away from his host of Nekta. The host was very strong for years keeping his memories away from Ra especially his memories of Nekta which he never wanted to let go of. She was without a doubt the most important person ever to come into his life. She was his everything and he was her everything. But now he had no clue who she ever was and only knew his life as Ra. He hadn't the slightest idea who he really once was himself and that he had another name or where he was from. Nothing but the life Ra now gave him, still he knows he was somebody else once. Ra was his controller and body. That was one of the reasons why the host knows he was somebody else before. Whatever Ra did, thought and feel the host would think and feel too. The host was incapable of his own feelings and thoughts because he has forgotten to use them and Ra kept him from trying to do so too. Ra watches down from the highest window in the starship shaped like an ancient pyramid he traveled galaxies in. The people of Abydos are rebelling against Ra ever since a stargate team from Earth came in from Abydos' stargate. Ra is planning to send a bomb one of the people from earth brought but things were not going according to Ra's plan. These humans were very smart, the host could feel Ra's anger build up. Just minutes ago Ra caught one of them using his transportation rays and he tried killing the human with his hand device when the transportation rings came down the man hurried in taking Ra's wrist his entire right hand was cut off from the rays of the rings and the human got away. Now with Ra's guards being over taken by the Abydos people below and his weapon being taken away Ra groans and hauls out of the room where his child servants stayed and into the control room to leave the planet. Ra pressed very hard on the globe that shelters the ship, he glances up at how slowly the ships shields moved \"Faster! Come on!\" He shouted in Egyptian. Present Day: Arnia The school bell rang and as everyone gathered their things Jane Pole wrote one last lesson in her notebook from the board. Her looks are very similar to Nekta's except not a little girl but a 14 year old. Jane's twin brother Tristan waited for her at his desk. Jane could see him from the corner of her eye and sighs. \"It's alright Tristan, you can go. Tell mum and dad I won't be late.\" Tristan nods and runs out the school door. After writing the last thing down Jane slowly got up from the desk grabbing her things quickly walking down the steps outside. As usual Helena and Ciera were outside gossiping about others to their friends that they in fact gossiped about each other as well. \"She's so much like a boy.\" Jane heard Helena say. \"That's what she gets for having two brothers.\" Ciera said as others laughed. \"There she is.\" Helena whispers as she saw Jane staring their way. She smiled. \"Good afternoon girls.\" Jane said still walking. They wished her a good afternoon too as she walked away, 1, 2, 3 they were probably gossiping rudely about her again. Jane admitted because of her brothers she is a bit of a tomboy, but still a princess at that and they wanted her to act like one. Jane took her normal route through the woods to go home. Home was where everything was right. Present Day: In Orbit Near Abydos The transportation rings came down again. Ra heaves and sighs angrily walking down the platform slowly to the rings preparing to see who or what were coming through. An object took form inside the rings, and first Ra could see a countdown of numbers. The rings go back up, and the bomb Jack O'Neil brought to the planet stares in Ra's face. Ra had rigged it earlier so the timer of impact could not be shut off. He originally planned to send the bomb through a stargate to Earth to destroy it and the people. Now the humans from earth outsmarted him. The timer ticked away at six seconds. All Ra's host could do was watch as the bomb ticked and hear the aliens thoughts while feeling its' emotions instead of his very own. He could feel Ra grow very angry. Before the bomb reached 2 seconds the host felt a tight grip and was being pulled. Was the alien abandoning me? Was it getting us both out of the life threatening situation? Darkness and the feeling of freedom surrounded him. Had I died? He thought he was dead all along, just the alien kept him alive while it consumed him all that time. Ra had now abandoned him as its' host. After a while the host could see stars and other planets around him. He came very close to one of these planets and began seeing flashing lights. The last thing he heard was a lions roar. Present: Destinies Collide He awoke soon afterward in a forest with a high afternoon sun shining down on him and the sound of birds singing. The only time he remembered seeing a forest like this was when he was still a host on Earth about 300 years ago. Maybe this was earth. Now that he was free he could now feel and react. The first thing he reacted to was when he began to sit up he noticed his right wrist. He exhaled loudly in pain and felt shock at seeing that his hand was missing. He remembered again how Daniel took his wrist and placed it underneath the rings. He didn't want to feel mad, poor fellow was just trying to save himself from his consumer. However he couldn't help but feel extremely mad. Jane thought she heard something in the woods a few feet off the trail. She stopped to listen and heard it again. \"Hello?\" Jane called. A low groan followed. \"Are you alright over there?\" Jane followed the noise until she came across a young man no more than 16. He wore a strange dark garment and hair do. Forgetting all of that, he appeared quite attractive to her. \"Who are you?\" She asked. The host watched the girls eye movements. He looks down at the terrible garment and touched his long braided hair. \"What had that alien done to me?\" He said in a sotto voice. Long before he could only speak and know Egyptian language, now he knew over 50 others and knew exactly what the girl said. \"I'm sorry what?\" Jane asked confused taking a few steps closer to him. \"Please don't come a step any further.\" The host tried to jolt but slipped and met the ground again. He just now noticed his normal voice rang instead of sounding like a demon. \"I don't know who or what I am anymore.\" He answered. Ignoring his wishes Jane smirks and paced closer towards him. He came off to her as perfectly harmless or simply dazed. The host scoots back a little. Jane notices him grieving over something and it turned out to be his right wrist where it appeared he had no hand. Jane gasps. \"You're bleeding. Let me help you back to where I live.\" The host looks up at the girl again. \"Why would you help someone like me?\" If only the girl knew what he went through. Even if he had no way of controlling everything the alien had done inside of him, he still felt as if he could be dangerous. He didn't want to put this girl or others in any danger. \"Please will you just go away.\" He warns her a last time. Jane rolled her eyes and bent down to his level. \"No.\" She exclaimed. \"You'll bleed to death out here if I go away.\" Jane attached her eyes to his. \"And by Aslan's mane if that happened I am not going to be held responsible. Now give me your other hand.\" She demanded holding out her hand for his. The host stares back into the girls eyes. She seemed very sincere. He couldn't help but smile at her and slowly took her hand with his left hand. \"You're not a leader here are you?\" He asked sarcastically. Jane gladly helps him up to his feet. \"No I'm not, at least not yet. My mother and father are. They are the King and Queen of this land Arnia. I am a princess.\" The host felt a bit numb getting up. \"Well princess I've traveled galaxies far and wide and I've never heard of Arnia before. What kind of place is this?\" He looked around some more. \"It's the only world I've only ever known.\" Jane helps him keep steady while they began to walk. \"My father King Tirian was born here and my mother Queen Jill is from a world called Earth. I'm Jane.\" She introduced herself. \"My name is Ra. I am originally from Earth too as I was told, but I can't remember.\" He winced at the throbbing from his wrist. Jane was right it was now starting to gush. \"How far is where you live?\" Jane wanted to laugh at the way Ra worded that question but changed her mind when she noticed his wrist got worse. \"Hold on. It's not far. Only one minute up the rode right here. Wait.\" Jane stops for a second. She reaches into her back pack and pulls out a cloth. Jane places it tightly on his wound and ties it up to his arm. \"How did you lose your hand like this?\" Ra gasped in pain as Jane tightened the cloth. He didn't want to answer her question too truthfully. \"I lost it in a war just now before ending up here.\" He said tugging his arm more. It was starting to hurt more. Jane pats Ra on the shoulder. \"It's alright we're almost to my house. See there's the gate.\" Jane pointed to a big black gate with lion statues guarding it. \"We'll be there soon.\" Ra doesn't look where Jane was pointing to, but glances at Jane's touch on his shoulder. He had felt it before, a very long time ago before the alien possessed his body. He gave Jane a quick side glance and back ahead. Jane smiles at him. \"Come on.\" Coming to the gates Jane unlocks and pushed them open. \"My mother should be home. My father might be away at Cair Paravel.\" Ra looks at Jane curiously. \"What is Cair Paravel?\" \"It's the castle and city of Arnia. My father always loved the idea of escaping when he didn't have to work. We got this home when he and mum decided to marry.\" Jane explained. Ra nodded to every word Jane said. Her life sounded very nice. Jane led him through the garden and to the front door of the mansion not a house, Ra thought. Jane pushes the door open. \"Mum? Tanier? Tristan?\" There was no reply. Ra's wrist began to throb again and with the tight pressure it felt much worse. \"They must be out back or mum went with my dad.\" Jane took Ra by the arm and quickly led him into the kitchen. \"Are you wearing something under your garment?\" Ra didn't know how to really react to Jane's sympathy of wanting to heal him. He looked down at the garment trying to remember how everything was put together that morning on Abydos. \"I have an under shirt yes.\" He began to feel very delirious and faint. Jane left Ra's side after helping him sit down searching through her parents' liquor cabinets and pulled out a drink with the most alcohol. She grabbed bandages and came back very fast. \"I've seen this being done many times.\" Jane reassured him. She sets everything on the kitchen island beside her. Ra is having a hard time getting his garment off when Jane came back. She stopped him from trying. \"Let me.\" Jane assisted and easily slipped it off of Ra without hurting him. \"Ready?\" Jane finally asked taking Ra's right wrist. Ra took a deep breath. He looked into Jane's eyes putting his trust in her. \"Yes.\" He said nervously. Jane took a deep long breath and began to unravel the cloth having the alcohol ready. \"This will sting really bad.\" She warned. Jane unraveled the last part and quickly before Ra's blood would spew she poured the alcohol on his wrist. Ra at first bit his lower lip to keep himself from screaming. \"What does this stuff do?\" Ra suddenly asked harshly. Quickly Ra panicked on the inside and hoped Jane didn't take it as an offense. He had never felt pain like this before ever. Jane lowered her eyes inhaling. Ra's voice was cold but if she was in his shoes she probably would've spoke the same way. \"It's alcohol. It'll fight off any infection and stop your bleeding.\" She grabbed some bandages nearby and began to wrap back up his wrist. \"This should do for now.\" Jane broke a smile at him. \"You took it very bravely.\" The worst of the pain Ra felt started to subside. \"That alcohol works like real magic.\" Ra looks at Jane and managed a grin. \"You were very brave yourself too.\" What just happened next to the both of them was phenomenal. As they looked into each others' eyes Jane took Ra's left hand and he squeezed it back. The both shared a déjà vu feeling. Jane winces her eyes but didn't admit nor knew Ra was sharing the same feeling. It was both confusing and awkward. Ra was about to say something until his eyes rolled and jolts. Jane noticed what was now happening. \"Ra!\" She took her other hand placing it on his shoulder to keep him steady, a worried expression crosses her face as Ra began to faint. Ra closes his eyes sliding from the chair he sat in and laid helpless on the floor still breathing as Jane kept calling his name and prompting him to stay with her. Ra slipped into darkness again but it was a good and relaxing darkness. \"I close my eyes. Only for a moment, And the moment's gone, All My Dreams, Pass Before My Eyes, A Curiousity, Dust In The Wind, All They Are Is Dust In the Wind.\" Please Review! Anonymous Reviews Welcome! :)[Chapter 2] Thank you so much for the reviews so far I hope it continues and I hope I get some more fans along the way. Well here's chapter 2 just in time for Easter. Enjoy. ;) Jane sat in her room that night frightened about Ra. Her heart paces back and forth like a hammer. Jane's mother Jill stayed with her as a doctor from a village nearby took a look at Ra in another room. As Ra fainted before Jane her older brother Tanier had appeared in the kitchen luckily and ran out for help and found the doctor. \"Where did you find him Jane?\" Jill asked her daughter as they sat on a couch by a big bay window. Jane got up running her fingers through her dark strands of hair nervously. \"I found him off the road close at home.\" Jane said. \"This is all my fault. I should've brought him to the village however if I did he might've not made it and lost more blood then he did.\" Jane speeds her words shaking. \"Jane.\" Jill spoke worried about how her daughter was reacting. \"Please take a deep breath and lay down or else you'll faint too.\" \"I'm sorry mother.\" Jane sat down slowly on the edge of her bed. She kept rethinking of that moment seeing Ra's gushy wrist but most of all when they held hands in the kitchen. Jane rests her head on the bed post rethinking and feeling that moment again, she ended up giving a faint smile. There came a loud door knock and Jane shook the memory from her mind and quickly went to her door and opened it, Jill followed after her. The doctor stood in the hallway with a grin on his face. Jane knew then in there that it was a success. \"Is Ra alright? Can I see him?\" Jane asked. \"He'll be fine.\" The doctor nods. \"I was able to bring his fever down and he's resting now. Jane you did the right thing by bringing him here first because he lost quite a lot of blood.\" The doctor gathered some air before he continued. \"You may see him tomorrow. He needs to rest right now.\" Jane shrugs. \"I promise I won't wake him up.\" Jane crosses before the doctor walking down the hall. Neither her mother nor the doctor came to stop her as she walked down the hall. Jane glances over her shoulder to see if they were following her. No, they are still by the doorway conversing. She gently opens the door in the room where Ra was and walks inside. Like the doctor said he was resting. All Jane wanted to do was see Ra. Laying down he is in a perfect sleeping position and Jane could see his chest rising up and down normally as he breathed too. Jane sighs feeling very relieved to finally see Ra very relaxed. She walks up to the bed side and finds Ra's left hand laid flat. Jane pulls a cushioned arm chair up next to Ra's bedside. She looks at his hand again and slowly lifts her hand and touches his hand. Jane felt a brush across her palm. Ra's fingers clinched with hers. He chuckles faintly. \"What are you doing here?\" He asked even though he was very happy to see her and glad she wasn't a dream he had. When Ra spoke it made Jane jump suddenly and she lightly chuckles with him too. \"You had me scared when I lost you there. I wanted to check on you.\" Jane smiles at Ra. Ra's sunken eyes grew and he grins. Jane noticed that every time Ra grins it shifts to the left. Jane smiles again at him. \"Just know that I'm glad you are alright and if you ever need me I'll be five doors down the hall.\" Ra takes Jane's hand tighter. \"What is it Ra?\" Jane asked. \"Don't leave right now.\" Ra persuaded. His eyes grew bigger and lifted himself up. Jane smirks at him. \"Do you see me getting up to go to the door or something?\" Jane said still seated. \"I'm not going anywhere right now.\" Jane presses softly on Ra's shoulder making him lay back down. \"The doctor made it sound like you should take it easy.\" Ra laid back down. \"Thank you for everything you did today. I'm sorry if you think I showed any harsh manners.\" \"You're welcome and no you were obviously in a lot of pain.\" Jane said. Ra caresses Jane's hand with his thumb as they still held hands. \"Can I ask you something?\" Jane continued. \"Sure.\" Ra said ready to hear it. \"Earlier you told me you've traveled to many galaxies and never heard of the land I'm from.\" Jane explained. \"What is out there and can I come with you?\" \"I'm retired from that and no there's not much.\" Ra replied. Jane winces her eyes confused. \"Retired? But you look hardly eighteen. It amazes me that you can travel many worlds like that and still be so young.\" Ra's eyes shrunk again. \"Trust me Jane the galaxies are full of dark things and beings, deceiving beings pretending to be Gods. It wasn't all good for me and I'm never going back.\" \"I don't think all of that is true.\" Jane spoke a little disappointed. \"It sounds like a lot of fun to go out and explore other planets and meet new people and have great adventures.\" \"Great adventures don't exist out there Jane. It'll only destroy you.\" Ra didn't have the strength in his arm anymore to keep hold on Jane's hand and lets' go. Jane now knew it was a good time to drop the subject. \"You should get more sleep Ra. I'll come back and see you tomorrow.\" Jane slips her hand away from his as she got up. \"I hope so.\" Ra smiles up at Jane. Jane smiles back at him. They give one last glance before Ra tossed back to his sleeping position and Jane walked out sliding the door shut. She stays leaned on the door for a while looking struck. Love struck. \"Jane.\" Jill called from down the hall. Jane looks her way scratching the edge of her eye and walks to her mother hugging her goodnight and walks into her room. Jane takes slow steps to her bed and sits first. After a while she lies down and finally falls asleep. Like Jane it took Ra to finally get back to sleep thinking about Jane he hoped to dream about her and to wake up that morning hoping to see her in reality too. 8,000 B.C. \"Let me go!\" Nekta woke up startled inside her tent hearing the boy earlier from that week who came to the village. She crawls out of her bed made of camel fur and peaks through the bamboo. She sees the boy picking up a spear after one of the village men lets go of him. \"I hate it here!\" The boy shouts. Nekta was scared that the boy might have used the spear on one of the men trying to catch him but instead darts off in the night. Nekta jumps out from her tent and runs after him after the village men began to talk to one another trying not to make a loud noise. In the darkness Nekta could hear the boys running footsteps as well as seeing tumbling rocks on top hills. \"Will you please wait!\" Nekta exclaims. After a while the footsteps stops, as they stopped Nekta stood still trying to adjust her eyes to the darkness around her as well as finding the boy up there. She could her a few snuffles behind a boulder in front of her. Nekta circles around the boulder and finds the boy there with the spear on the ground and he curled up his legs crossing his arms looking away from Nekta when she notices him. \"Why do you follow me?\" He asked. Nekta ignores his question. \"Why do you want to run away?\" \"Because,\" The boy began without hesitation. \"Your people think of me and my people as traitors.\" He looks up to Nekta. \"Now you must answer my question.\" He stares hard into the girls eyes. \"Why are you following me?\" Nekta brushes her hair back from the wind and sits down next to the boy to avoid the wind. The boy watches the girls every move still staring into her eyes. \"For one I did save you're your life, another you cannot go out alone because you will not reach any other oasis within here, and lastly they are not my people either. I understand what you are going through.\" Nekta explained. \"Were your parents killed?\" The boy asked. \"Yes.\" Nekta replied. The boys angered features softens. He is still glancing in Nekta's eyes feeling embarrassed all over of even asking her that question. \"Hey.\" Nekta smiles at him. \"Don't worry about it. I wasn't even a year old yet when it took place.\" \"I'm still very sorry.\" The boy confesses. He looks down to find Nekta's hand and takes it in his. The two quickly glance at each other again. The boy smiles at Nekta. \"Anytime whenever you need to give me a wakeup call just take my hand.\" Nekta smiles back and laughs softly. \"I will.\" Nekta leans back on the boulder and glances up at the stars above them. \"I wonder if one of those worlds up there would have no problems at all, no hatred, wars or unexpected deaths. \"If those were worlds up there I wouldn't expect one of them to be like that.\" The boy leans back too to watch the stars. \"Why not?\" Nekta asked. \"It's what I believe.\" The boy shrugs. Nekta giggles. \"Okay then, what do you think they are if you don't think they are worlds?\" She insisted staring at him. The boy chuckles. \"I didn't say that they were not worlds.\" \"Yes you did.\" Nekta laughs with him. \"You said if those were worlds up there. So explain yourself.\" Nekta smiles at him waiting for his reply. \"Those are Gods up there.\" The boy said and Nekta giggles. \"That is what my tribe says.\" \"The tribe I came from believes otherwise.\" Nekta said. \"And what is that?\" The boy chuckles. \"We believe that the Gods created everything around us. They aren't the stars that glow at night. We believe they come and go. I also believe they create other worlds too.\" Nekta explains. The boy nods. \"I will try to believe what you believe too.\" Nekta smiles at him and gets up dusting dirt off of her. \"We should get back. Come on.\" A scared expression crosses the boys face. \"I don't want to.\" He shakes his head. \"The people whom I stay with treat me badly.\" \"Then come stay with me and Tanana.\" Nekta took the boys earlier advice and took his hand again. \"Please.\" The boy smirks getting up with Nekta and walks back with her still holding her hand.[Chapter 3] I'm very surprised I got this chapter up really fast. Ask alot and you shall receive alot right? Please review, I want to know what's up and how you still feel about the story. and I hope to get new reviewers soon because this story is going to get better from here. I promise. Enjoy. Jane woke up that morning smiling in her sleep and was still smiling after getting up to wash her face and began combing her hair. She rarely wore makeup. All she did was lightly powder her face, rub on some brown eye shadow and lip balm. After dressing out of her sleeping gown and into a yellow lace dress she jolts to her door opening it wide as she continues down the hall to see Ra. She was about to open door when she thought she didn't want to eves drop like last night. Jane taps on the door softly. \"Ra?\" She projects her voice. There was no answer. \"Are you in there?\" She opens the door anyways. He wasn't in the bed or in the room at all. Jane closes the door confused. What really happened yesterday? Of course it was real, it just had to be. Jane paces fast down the hall and stairs to find everyone. When Jane almost slipped on the sleek marble downstairs she noticed she forgot to put on her boots. Grabbing the edge of the staircase saves her fall. Jane paces slowly to the family room and out the double doors out to the backyard where she sees her mother. Her mother is sitting at a round table under shaded trees. The sky covered in light blue above, not one cloud touched the sky. Jane walks out to her walking along the edges of their lake without hurting her feet on the tree roots beneath her. \"Good morning mother.\" Jill looks over her shoulder and smiles at her daughter. \"Good morning Jane. Did you sleep well?\" \"Very well actually,\" Jane hesitated before continuing. \"Have you by any chance seen Ra this morning?\" Jane leans her arms on one of the chairs feeling butterflies in the pit of her stomach. \"Yes he had breakfast with your brothers and now they are shooting bow and arrows in the fields.\" Jill replied. Jane smiles. \"Oh.\" She sighs relieved. \"I didn't expect him to recover this soon.\" Though she was very glad he did. \"He is a strong one.\" Jill admitted while taking her tea and sipping it. Tristan sharpens his arrows while Tanier still shoots his arrows with his bow. Tristan sits across from Ra on a tree trunk as Ra stood. All were wearing tunics with dark brown pants and boots. Ra wore a white tunic without a belt and had his long black hair in a ponytail. Tanier and Tristan both dressed alike having on lighter brown tunics with belts. \"So you say you are from earth Ra,\" Tristan said sharpening his arrow. \"Which part if you don't mind me asking?\" Ra thought for a second. He tries to remember how the alien knew about the humans changing countries and continents names around, he wanted to remember his. \"Africa.\" He finally said. Tristan looked interest. \"Which country in Africa are you from?\" Ra shrugs, this he did not know. \"I've moved so much I wouldn't really remember.\" Tanier releases his bow. The buzzing of the arrow made Ra feel nervous. He didn't know why because the sport looked very fun and if he had his other hand he would try it. \"Tristan!\" Tanier called after the arrow landed around the concentric circle close to the bullseye. \"Are you honestly going to ask him questions all day about earth when he made it perfectly clear already he doesn't remember much about it?\" \"Hey Tanier when are you going to get your first bullseye?\" Tristan calls back sarcastically. Ra chuckles under his breath. Tanier sticks his bow into the ground turning to Tristan and laughs. \"That's a good one Tristan. However I don't recall you making anything remotely close to a bullseye.\" \"You were not around when I did it.\" Tristan said. \"Did what?\" Tanier asked tossing his brown bangs aside. \"I shot an arrow between the last circle and the bullseye a few nights ago.\" Tanier shot his head up and laughs. \"You lie dear brother. Come forth and prove me wrong right here, lets go.\" Tristan smirks and makes a warrior grunt. He grabs his bow and his arrow he had just sharpened. \"Both of you watch this closely.\" Tristan walks in the open field and stares at the far away dart preparing his bow string with the arrow and points. He hesitates a bit looking as though he is about to shoot then changes his mind. \"You are about to be amazed with what I am about to do here. Are you guys ready?\" \"This isn't a magic trick just shoot already.\" Tanier said forcing to Tristan crossing his arms impatiently while Ra stands about ten feet away from them also waiting for Tristan to release the arrow. Tristan releases the arrow with a huge smile on his face. \"Yes, yes!\" The arrow flew on the dart board near the third circle. \"No!\" Tanier laughs and Ra slightly smiles and joined Tanier's laugh. \"Oh brother,\" Tanier wraps his arm around Tristan. \"I will admit I almost believed you for a second. Sorry but I am still the best.\" The sound of another arrow buzz passed straight through them from nowhere and landed on the crease of the bullseye on the dart. The guys acted startled and all tossed their heads at the same time where the arrow came from. Jane stood behind them with a big grin on her face holding a bow and quiver with arrows inside. Ra smiled at her while her brothers still had their shocked expressions. Jane giggles. \"I'm sorry Tanier but someone in this family is still number one.\" Jane teased. Tanier claps his hands walking to Jane. \"Very good sister, though I will one day catch up with you.\" Jane smirks and curtsies. \"It is a challenge then.\" When she looks back up she sees Ra locking eyes with hers and he smiles. Jane smiles back. \"Anyways,\" Tanier said. \"It's time that I left to help father at the castle. I'll be back tonight.\" \"Do you know when father comes back home?\" Jane asked. \"He is busy setting up for you and Tristan's birthday sister. He should be back in a day or two.\" Tanier says walking from the group after placing his bow near the other equipment. Ra noticed Jane rolling her eyes after Tanier stopped talking and she crosses her arms. Tristan follows Tanier to the house their talking fades as walked further away. Ra and Jane are the only ones left on the field. Ra slowly walks up to Jane reading her face well. \"You do not look too excited about your upcoming birthday.\" Jane smiles at him again, her arms still crossed. \"That's because I'm really not.\" She shakes her head. \"It's more than just me and Tristan's birthday it is also a ball for me.\" Ra didn't get it and shakes his head. \"That's a good thing isn't it?\" He asked. \"Since I am turning fifteen, it's been in the lands rules for some time that I have one more year left to marry a prince or lord outside of Arnia.\" Jane explains. \"It's an arrangement ball.\" \"So in a year from now you will be married?\" Ra asks his features getting tender and a shiver of jealousy and disgust ran through his veins. \"If all goes accordingly to my fathers' plans next week, yes.\" Jane grieves on her words. Ra wanted to caress and hold her so badly seeing her this sad. \"Well,\" Jane shrugs grabbing an arrow from her quiver. \"There's nothing I can do to change it except try and act like I can careless about any of them. Maybe then my father wont marry me off.\" Jane prepares an arrow on her bow string glancing around for an empty dart board to shoot. She sees one and aims at the dart concentrating really hard and releases swiftly. The arrow lands on the edge of the bullseye. \"You are a lot better at this game then your brothers.\" Ra compliments changing the subject. Jane faces Ra again and smiles. \"I have more time to practice then they do. Tanier is always busy helping father because one day he will take the throne. Tristan follows like his wingman. Plus my mother had time to train me. She's the best archer in the land.\" \"I was just thinking that I wished I had another hand to give it a try.\" He waves his right wrist in the air. Jane watches him wave his wrist helplessly. \"Come, I'll assist you.\" Jane smiles at Ra having an idea. \"Are you sure?\" Ra asked. He didn't know how someone can insist on helping someone in this when he only has one hand. Jane nods her head. \"Yes come here.\" Ra grins and walks toward Jane. \"Now what?\" He didn't stop grinning at her and neither did Jane. \"Turn around in front of me.\" Even though Jane told him what to do she still helps Ra position himself by turning him around in front of her. Ra chuckles when she does this. He stands in front with his back turned to her. Jane holds her bow up on Ra's right side and takes his right wrist in her hand. She wanted to make this feel real for him, as if he was really holding the bow. \"Okay,\" Jane reaches in her quiver for an arrow. Ra side glances at her paying attention to every detail being done. \"Take the end of the arrow placing it between your thumb and index finger like this.\" Jane shows him an example by gripping the end just like she demonstrated. She hands the arrow to Ra and Ra takes the arrow the same way Jane took it. \"That's good. Now bring the arrow across the bow.\" Ra did exactly what Jane said and Jane places her index finger about the arrow head. \"You always want to do that first because the finger sets your target.\" Jane explains. \"Now pull back.\" Ra pulls back on the arrow string, his elbow slants downward and Jane stops him. She places her left hand under Ra's left elbow lifting it higher. \"When you elevate your elbow just a little like this it gives you a better range and will most likely hit your target. The other way well, you'll shoot like my brothers.\" Jane said and Ra laughs at the end of her sentence. Ra saw what Jane meant as well. Thinking back on his previous situation the arrow might have gone above the dart. Now it looked like a perfect target. Ra tilts his head at Jane's on his right shoulder and glances at her. Where had he seen someone with grace and beauty as hers? He could remember it faintly even before he met Jane. Or he thought. In that moment it looked like the sun that gleamed down was made of her radiance. Her smile, the highlights in her dark brown hair and green eyes wearing that yellow dress made him feel like he could go weak and bow before her. He'd tell her he would do anything for her. \"Ra you can release the arrow now.\" Jane said. Ra focuses on the dart again and gulps lowly as he tilts his face away. He inhales and releases the arrow from the bow string. It lands on the dart just above Jane's arrow right inside the bullseye. Jane gasps. \"Ra you actually got it.\" She sounds excited for him. Ra shakes his head. \"No.\" He turns to look at her. \"We did it together.\" They stare into each others eyes for a few seconds. Ra's forehead tips closer hoping to touch hers, but Jane looks down and pats his shoulder stepping away still locking her eyes on his. \"I should be getting to school.\" Jane says however her expression looks like she doesn't want to go. \"Don't go anywhere. I mean you can but I hope you are still around where I live when I get back.\" \"I'm not going anywhere.\" Ra said softly with a smile still watching her. Jane smiles back and turns around walking back. The whole time she walks back Ra did not take his eyes off of Jane until he could no longer see her. Ra's knees gave way and he lays on the ground tucking his arms behind his head watching the sky above him and hearing the sounds he can now react to and feel. It felt great. He couldn't stop thinking about Jane though. No matter how hard he tried concentrating on feeling excited to finally be free it was thinking about Jane that made him feel like he was really home. Every time he is around her he could almost swear he knew her somehow and someway before. He closes his eyes trying to think why she is so familiar to him. Because it was that that is making him fall for her.[Chapter 4] Here's chapter 4. Please please continue to review. It helps me to know who is still reading, or reading. :) 8,000 B.C. Nekta wakes up the next morning first glancing her eyes toward where the boy slept that night. His bed is empty and she quickly throws her fur covers off taking hold of the tents sleeve. She pulls it walking outside. It looked close to noon. A figure that touches Nekta's leg makes her jump and shrieks. She looks down and sees the boy sitting outside the tent still carving his wooden sphere from last night. He looks at her with a grin. \"I'm sorry to frighten you Nekta.\" He continues to sharpen the sphere with the stone he uses. \"I thought you had tried to run away again.\" Nekta said. The boy looks up at her again. \"Is that why you could not sleep last night?\" He then smiles looking back at the sphere and touches the point. Nekta looks at him suspiciously. \"How did you know I couldn't sleep?\" \"Because I couldn't either,\" The boy explains. \"The only time I got any real sleep was when I passed out in the desert after a few days my family got killed.\" \"Oh,\" Nekta squats down to the boys level. \"I'm terribly sorry.\" The boy continues to sharpen the sphere without looking to Nekta. \"Don't be, it'll be that lion one day that'll be sorry.\" \"I know it was unfair of what happened.\" Nekta tries to say choosing her words carefully. \"But once you get revenge on one lion it'll be more lions.\" The boy shook his head. \"No.\" He touches the point again and it pierces his skin a little. \"I'll remember that lion one day once I see it. It'll only be him.\" The boy glances at Netka getting up and holds his hand out for hers. Nekta takes his hand and gets up with him. Nekta quickly wanted to change the subject. She knew that the conversation was hurting the boy. She could see it in his eyes and the angry posture he makes. \"Do you even know how to use one of these as you call them spheres?\" Nekta asks. \"I do. My grandfather taught me before he passed on.\" The boy grips the sphere differently then how he had it and tosses it from his left hand to his right. He and Nekta then noticed some of the village kids including Khan who Nekta learned treated the new guest terribly. She even remembered being treated horribly by him herself when she became new to the tribe about three years ago. They were staring and laughing while some did chores minding their business. Nekta looks to the boy as he narrows his eyes at Khan and frowns. Khan shakes his head and laughs going into the vegetation garden. \"What did Khan do to you?\" Nekta asked the boy. \"He held me down and placed a venomous snake in front of my face at the same time calling me a traitor.\" Nekta gasps. \"That's awful. Usually he would just push me around but never wanted to try and threaten me with death.\" The boy keeps tossing his sphere from his hand to the other still narrowing his eyes at Khan. Khan had already gotten what he needed and turns with his basket of vegetables. \"You know,\" The boy said again. \"My grandfather always had the best strategies and examples when it involved learning to use weapons.\" \"What was that?\" Nekta asked. \"Observe example one, never turn your back on your opponent.\" The boy said sending his sphere back aiming at Khan, brought it forward and released. \"Wait!\" Nekta tries to stop him but was too late. The sphere already left his hands aiming towards Khan. To Nekta's surprise she actually smiles when the sphere pierces through Khan's vegetable basket leaving a large hole and some of the round vegetables came out the back and the kids walking behind him tumbled to the ground. The adults who didn't see the sphere thrown came rushing to the kids, one of them pulling Khan aside furiously yelling at him for an explanation. Nekta and the boy began to laugh beside each other, \"come on.\" The boy took Nekta's hand and they both ran away from the situation. They came to a hut in the back of the village where the both of them turned their backs to still laughing. A woman's voice cries out and it broke the kids laughter. \"Nekta I've been looking everywhere for you.\" Tanana sounds out of breath. \"What's going on?\" Nekta asks. Tanana takes her arm. Nekta forgot she was still holding the boys hand and lets go from the tug. She looks back at the boy. \"I'll come find you okay.\" The boy nods grinning at her but felt something wasn't right. Present Day \"Nekta!\" Ra screamed in the target field as he shot up from his laying position. He could still see the vision at the same time seeing the plains before him now. He could hear the little boy from the vision screaming for his friend not to leave, he could see the girl Nekta's face looking really sad, the look in her eyes could make anyone tremble. This vision placed him within the little boy. He knew what was going on even without hearing words. It was like thinking of something he remembered happening to him, like a memory only he couldn't remember this one until now. Still he was starting to remember Nekta and that that was from the day she was taken away from him. The visions stopped and he can see the plain field normally again in Arnia. The only questions he was asking himself now was, why did Jane remind him so much of Nekta? And was Jane experiencing the same visions as he was? Somehow it would explain how they both felt something between them yesterday before he fainted. He knew he had to try somehow to regain these lost memories. He needed Jane to do so. The only way to keep track of time in Arnia inside a school was seeing where the sun took place in the sky. That is exactly what Jane did that day. She usually always looked forward to school learning of the past histories of what the land once was, and learning about past kings and queens. Now she stared out the window at the sun at least twice every ten to twenty minutes. \"Jane.\" The professor called. Jane jolts her head forward. \"Yes sir?\" Some of the students turn to look at her surprised because she was always alert in history. The teacher proceeded with the question. \"What were the names of the first King Frank and Queen Helen's grandchildren?\" Jane sighed. \"Oh, well that would be Queen Elaine, King Gerald and King John.\" \"Right, however there is another.\" The professor said. Jane thought about it and shook her head. \"I do not know.\" The professor scowls disappointed. \"Does anyone else know who the other one is?\" He looks around at the raised hands. Ciera raises her hand behind behind Jane. \"Yes Ciera.\" The professor picked her. Ciera flips her curly yellow hair back. \"That would be Queen Anna, the first queen ever to lead armies against the White Witch.\" \"That is correct and good job explaining her purpose.\" The professor goes to the chalk board to demonstrate a timeline. Ciera smirks leaning closer to Jane. \"That was too easy Jane what happened?\" Jane doesn't look to her. \"Good job Ciera.\" She said that hoping it would shut Ciera up. However it didn't. \"Word has it that you chopped off some ones hand and your family had to force you to take him under your care.\" Ciera said still smirking. Jane made an outraged face. \"That's not true. He lost it in a war and my family didn't force me to do anything with it. He's a good guy.\" She said without getting loud or sounding like she was offended. \"Says you honey,\" Ciera said giggling and Jane could hear some of Ciera's friends join her giggle. \"But I mean you don't really know much about him. He could be a murder for all you know. I don't know I wouldn't trust him.\" Jane rolls her eyes. She wondered if Ciera had anything better to do then find out everything about a persons' life just to gossip about it. \"Ciera I've known you longer and I don't even know how to trust you. I honestly don't think that I ever will either.\" The bell rung and Jane winks smirking back at Ciera taking her things. Jane stands from her chair and quickly walks out before Ciera and her posse could say anything else about the matter. All Jane heard was far away laugher from them. She looks back and they formed their usual circle outside the school building. Jane takes her usual route through the woods and crosses the same spot where she saw Ra yesterday. It was easy finding the spot because of the blood stains on the fallen leaves. She sets her sack down for a moment to tie her boot string when she was suddenly hit with a vision. It lasted only a few seconds of a boy dressed in Neanderthal clothing overlooking inside a hut. She could feel someone elses presence. It felt sad and Jane wanted it to be over. It finally did end, after that she felt a very bad headache come over her and her ears began to buzz. She picks up her sack and hurries down the road home. Review Please.[Chapter 5] I'm sorry I didn't get this up sooner. I worked really hard and long 15 days on this chapter. A lot of reviews would be greatly appreciated please. It's all for you readers. By the time Jane came up to the door her headache stopped as well as the buzzing in her ears. Ra had already discovered a room full of books on the first floor and began searching through some even newer transcripts. He learned much even learning that the world of Arnia is fairly twenty five years old. Usually after school Jane would already go into the library and sit by her favorite bay window reading a book full of adventure and suspense but she felt a sudden urge to walk in without control over herself. She walks from the foyer into a long hallway where the French doors leading into the library were already open. She peaks in seeing Ra already in there. His back is turned to her focusing on the transcript before him on a podium. \"I had a feeling I might find you in here.\" Jane said walking into the room. Ra turns his attention to Jane as she closes in placing her school sack in one of the arm chairs. He smiles at her speechless of what to say to her except hello. More than anything he wanted to hold her and give her a soft caress across her cheek. He really does know her, but it would be irrational to Jane, especially if she wasn't feeling or seeing the same things he was. Even if he explained the thoughts he was having she would probably feel the same and he didn't want to scare her off. Not now. Jane smiles back and looks behind Ra where he was standing. She curls bites her bottom lip and points. \"I see you probably now know that this world is a new world.\" Ra looks behind him at the podium again and back at Jane. \"I wasn't supposed to?\" He scratches the back of his neck with raised eyebrows looking a bit curious. Jane shakes her head. \"It's perfectly fine.\" She assured him. There was a moments silence and Ra speaks up. \"So did your parents and the other people travel here?\" \"No,\" Jane walks up to podium. \"Come here I want to show you something.\" Ra follows her back to the podium and watches Jane as she moves the transcript aside and pulls the other one out from beneath it. \"My father wrote this a few days after coming here.\" Jane turns one page of the transcript. \"Every documented time in the other worlds history was destroyed so he tries to recreate all of it in here.\" \"So when you said other world,\" Ra explains. \"Do you mean from another world then this one or the same world as this one?\" Jane gives an unknown face and shrugs. \"I don't know. I don't think anyone around here really knows. This land reminds everyone so much of their previous land Narnia. So my father renamed it by dropping the N.\" \"What happened to Narnia then?\" Ra asked. \"It ended.\" Jane said. \"My parents witnessed it end when our God took them to his country. The only thing we know is that he wanted to recreate a world like it because he knew before that a world like this has great potential.\" Ra looks confused. \"So do you believe they were in some after world before coming here?\" \"I guess so. It's good to know that people can be able to go on after you die.\" Jane smiles and drops the subject placing the transcripts back in their places. \"Are you hungry? I'm actually starving and I know this great place to go to nearby.\" \"It's alright with me.\" Ra said. Jane could ask him to follow her to the ends of the earth and he'd still do it. All he wanted to do was be around her. Jane smiles and rubs her hands together. \"Good.\" Ra grins at Jane as she did so walking out of the library with her. They talked a little bit more about the transcripts once they were outside and walking down the dirt road that pine trees covered everywhere. Jane continues to explain a few things as they walked side by side. \"My mother and her friend Eustace came to Narnia during its' final days and they saved my father once on their arrival. That's when they first met and teamed up to try and battle against the Calormen Army. But by then it was already too late.\" \"I actually love hearing this side about your family. You all sound very legendary.\" Ra complimented. Jane smiles and laughs lightly. \"Only my parents are and the children who came before my mother are too. I haven't done anything great and legendary like they have.\" Jane said. \"I doubt it.\" Ra said. Jane glances up at him with a playful smirk. Ra sees this at the corner of his eye and glances back at her smiling back sincerely. Jane blushes and looks down at the ground and the other way thinking of something to change the subject. \"How's your wrist treating you?\" Jane finally asks turning back to Ra. Ra looks at his wrist and back at Jane. \"I hadn't noticed it much this evening. I felt a little pressure in it this morning but it's good.\" Ra smiles and Jane smiles big at him and looks ahead and she cringes. \"What is it?\" Ra asked after seeing her face change. It was Helena and Flynn whom Jane didn't get along with at school. They were outside of The Cavern talking. The Cavern is the place Jane had on her mind of going with Ra. She knew if she barged pass them they'd come up with something embarrassing to say about herself in front of Ra or insult him with what Ciera said in class and she didn't want that to happen. \"On second thought since it's crowded I think it would be better if we should go somewhere else.\" Jane said narrowing her eyes. Ra looks where Jane looked. \"Is it because of them?\" Ra asked watching the two closely and they suddenly look over. They smile in almost a laughing way and wave to Jane. They begin to walk over to them. Jane rolls her eyes and exhales in an annoyed manner but smiles back hoping to avoid any confrontation. \"Jane,\" Helena calls out. \"It's good to see you out with your new friend you wont talk to us about. If only Ciera were here.\" Helena looks at Ra with her fake wide smile. \"She'd be ecstatic to meet you.\" \"I'll bet.\" Ra replies a little sarcastically and stiff. \"I'm thinking of growing my hair out like yours.\" Flynn says in an idiotic way to Ra spontaneously. Ra said nothing and does a nod looking the other way away from them. It was obvious to him that Jane didn't particularly care too much for them and the way they were treating them then he could see why. Flynn silently laughs with Helena about something that was whispered but neither Ra nor Jane caught what was said. \"What was your name again? JaJa?\" Flynn asked Ra. \"My name is Ra.\" Ra replies. \"Ra,\" Both Flynn and Helena said in a dumb way. Flynn pushes his brown bangs back as they fell across his eyes. \"So what are you two going to do?\" Flynn asks. \"I'm just showing him around is all.\" Janes says. \"I'll you tomorrow at school. Come on Ra.\" She walks towards The Cavern, a two story building made of wood and tinted looking windows. Ra follows and he knew how much then in there how much Jane wanted to get away from them with how fast she began walking. He tries to walk ahead of her so he could make an impression by opening the door for her. Instead Flynn came to the door first and opens it for Jane. \"Princess.\" He smiles. Ra narrows his eyes harshly at Flynn. Flynn looks at Ra as Jane walks in and turns to wait for Ra. \"I saw your wrist that looks very bad and well the door is kind of heavy.\" Ra thought that if only this Flynn guy knew how much he could show him how strong he was he would. He could feel anger build up, the same anger he felt from the alien that consumed him. Even though the alien was no longer inside of him he still remembers what he could be capable of doing, but he softens his features. \"Right, thanks,\" Ra walks in after Jane and Flynn laughs behind their backs and closes the door to leave. Jane exhales loudly. \"They are terrible at trying to be nice.\" Even though she felt very annoyed she laughed and it made Ra instantly calm down listening to her laugh. Jane finds a seat towards the back and sits with Ra joining sitting across from her. In the far right of the room a group were playing music involving the piano, violin, and acoustic guitar. They were playing really fast and a couple of people were already up cheering them on and partying. Jane watches them and Ra could already see she was sad about something. \"I take it they are not normally nice to you?\" Ra asked. Jane tilts her head at Ra and shrugs. \"I honestly don't feel like talking about it and I can't believe I said that about them. They just like to gossip about everyone and everything. So I tend to avoid them or try at least.\" Jane looks out of the tinted window. There were no sign of Flynn or Helena and it was almost getting dark. The sun could still be seen hovering over the pine trees on tall hills leading to the eastern sea. She faces Ra again. \"Tomorrow after school I'd love to take you to Cair Paravel.\" Jane says and gets distracted from some ones laugh right next to her, she looks up. Jane's twin brother Tristan slides in the seat next to her. \"What is so hilarious to you?\" Jane asks her brother smiling. Tristan places his hand covering one side of his mouth away from Jane and whispers across the table to Ra. \"She can't dance and wants to know if you could teach her.\" \"I heard that Tristan.\" Jane looks slightly embarrassed and looks at Ra. \"Since you are my escort because I asked you to be I'd like to rehearse so I don't make a big fool of myself.\" Ra smiles at Jane shaking his head slowly. \"You wont.\" Jane smiles back gently at Ra, but still looks worried. The music the group were playing started to slow down. Jane looks out the tinted window and Ra gradually looks away from her and down. Tristan notices Ra's body language then in there and grins. Tristan coughs in a low manner eyeing Ra trying to get his attention. He coughs again and says \"Ra\" in a sotto voice. Ra looks up at Tristan. Tristan tilts his head at Jane and coughs again. \"Dance with her now.\" Tristan's sotto voice got louder. Ra got the message and Jane turns to look at Tristan. \"Tristan, are you alright?\" Jane asked concerned. Tristan looks at Jane and he covers his mouth to cough. \"Yes. I was just saying I think I need some water.\" Tristan gets up from the table. \"Excuse me\" Tristan walks down the row of tables first tapping Ra's back for encouragement and faking his coughs. Jane looks at Ra and he looks back at her and they both laugh softly together and look down at the same time. Ra ponders over what he should do. He knew he and Jane would rehearse and teach Jane to dance tomorrow anyways. Still deep inside of him he would do anything to be close to her like that morning in that moment. Ra gets up from the table and Jane looks up from the ground watching him curiously as he made his way to her. Ra holds out his left hand for Jane. \"You want to learn a dance for tomorrow?\" Jane's eyes grew a little big. \"You mean in front of all these people?\" She looks around at everyone and so does Ra. Everyone was either walking out or grabbing some beer at the bar not paying any attention. \"They seem to be minding their own business.\" Ra looks at Jane again. Jane's face got serious. \"It's just.\" She then looks embarrassed again. \"I really don't know how to dance.\" Ra smiles and lightly laughs. \"It's fine. We'll do the easiest one. Now I won't force you however,\" Ra rests his hand on the back of the chair Jane sat in and leans a little closer. \"You taught me to shoot an arrow today so the least I could do is make us even for the day.\" Jane's eyes eases a bit looking into his and lightly smiles nodding. Ra grins back and takes her hand. Jane stands up already her knees feeling like they were about to cave in. She couldn't think as to why she felt that way. It could either be that she was still nervous to make a fool out of herself or they way how Ra seemed to be so charming just now. Jane told herself to get a grip about both reasons. \"So what am I learning?\" Jane asks as they stopped walking and Ra faces her. \"It's called a waltz.\" Ra said. \"It is really simple and it can be from really slow or really fast.\" \"Oh it sounds like you've done this waltz dance before.\" Jane said. Ra laughs. \"No I've never once done it ever.\" Ra pulls Jane a little closer by the waist with his left hand ready to demonstrate. \"Then why would you say it's simple when you've never done it before?\" Jane asks with a giggle. \"Based on long observations,\" Ra laughs. \"Trust me alright.\" Jane nods holding a laugh from coming out. \"Now,\" Ra said. \"Take my wrist with your left hand.\" Jane chuckles a bit taking Ra's wrist. \"Okay now what?\" \"Now you can either place your right hand on my shoulder or around.\" Ra is quiet for a few seconds glancing at Jane. He blinks back to reality. \"Whichever you prefer.\" Jane wraps her arm around Ra's neck, this time she didn't laugh. \"I know it's not your shoulder is this okay?\" Ra nods his head. \"Yes you can also do that too.\" Ra gulps lightly. Secretly Jane did too. \"Alright,\" Ra continues. \"Sometimes in this dance partners would either space from each other or they would dance closely.\" Jane walks closer to Ra a few inches away from touching his chest. Her forehead touches Ra's cheek bone. \"Is this okay?\" \"It's fine most partners do this or sometimes they like to look at their partners while doing this dance.\" Ra explains. \"I love this position.\" Jane said. \"That's good I do too.\" Ra wasn't going to argue. He really loved feeling Jane's face against his. It's what he was wanting to do all day to her and finally it is happening. \"Now we are going to start out with the slow dance. Push your left foot back and I'm going to bring my right foot forward.\" Jane did what she was told and they moved together. \"Now do the same with your other foot except bring it together with your left.\" They moved together. \"And the same thing sideways.\" Ra leads her this time. \"It's the same steps over and over.\" Jane finally got it and felt like she couldn't mess it up. She tightens her grip around Ra tighter and he tightens his grip around her waist in return. \"See your dancing.\" Ra says in Jane's ear. \"Do you want to try and go a little faster?\" \"No.\" Everything felt really perfect to Jane in that moment. She practically forces herself close to Ra wrapping her other hand around Ra's neck and Ra never smiled so big in his entire life until Jane did that. He wraps his right arm around her. He wasn't sure if this counted as a waltz dance but he enjoyed it a lot better than the waltz. \"Thank you Ra.\" By then the slow music stopped and the group began to play a faster tune again. Ra and Jane stopped dancing but they were still in their hug for a few seconds and they broke apart. Ra smiles at her. \"Any time.\" Jane felt no regrets that she got up to dance with Ra. To think about it it was probably the most fun and exciting thing she'd ever experienced in her entire life. Ra and Jane walk back to the table to see Tristan already with platters of food. Jane had forgotten about her hunger too. \"Hey Tristan make room for Ra and I.\" She said sitting down. \"You two were adorable out there dancing.\" Tristan said with his mouth full of chicken meat. They all ate while Ra and Tristan asked Jane how she felt after learning to dance. \"So you think you can still remember for tomorrow and next week?\" Ra asks and takes a bite out of fish meat trying it. \"I will remember.\" Jane said smiling at Ra. \"I always get better after the first try right Tristan?\" Jane laughs teasing her brother. \"Shut up Jane and eat your dinner.\" Tristan teases back. Once they finished up they start to walk back home. Okay now i'm in the mood to do that silly hokey pokey dance lol.[Chapter 6] Here's chapter 6. I'm sorry if you find it strangely shorter then my other chapters. Chapter 7 will be up soon. please continue to review. I plan on turning this into a trilogy in the future. 8,000 B.C. The boy grew nervously as each hour went by that day. Dusk already started to come and Nekta along with Tanana have been inside a hut with guards dressed in odd helmets, bracelets, and tunics he's never seen before. All day they were in there. He quietly gets up and circles around the hut placing his ear gently to the side of the hut trying to hear what was going on. He heard little mumbles and bits and pieces of the words but could never make out a full sentence with what was being said. He looks up and sees a gap in the bamboo of which the hut was made of. The boy stands on top the largest root on the hut to look through the gap first seeing Nekta and his heart sinks. Nekta's face is pale, lines of where tears had fallen from her eyes stuck to her face like ice. Redness surrounded her eyes. The boys jaw drops as his eyes narrowed. What was going on? He thought. Slowly Nekta looks toward the gap seeing her friend there. The boys face softens a little, he looks curiously at her asking what is going on without a word or lip syncing to her. Nekta only tears up more and lays her right arm across her eyes wiping them away. She gives him one last glance until one of the guards exclaims loudly. \"It's done then! The girl comes with us!\" He grips her by the shoulder and pushes her in front of the door. The boy gasps horrified and jolts towards the door. As it opens he quickly pulls Nekta to the side behind him and as the guard came out the boy throws his arms around the guards' neck roughly and swings himself onto the back of the guard strangling him by pressing his fist hard against his throat. \"You're not taking her anywhere!\" The boy grimaces. Nekta stands back huddling her palms together frightened for the boy. The guard tries to pull the boys hands loose but the boy gripped him too tight. \"Get him off of me!\" He ordered to his other guard who stood to watch and made his way over grabbing the boy first by his ankles. The boy kicks the guard in the face. The guard tries again grabbing him under his stomach and the boy kicks him harder in the chest sending the guard back into the hut grabbing the door with his hand to keep steady it doesn't help and he tumbles backwards inside with the door closing on him. A sound of pots breaks inside. The boy continues to strangle the guard he jumped. The guard soon grabs hold of the boys left wrist and jerks it away, with that the boy lost his control and the guard swings him off of his back and throws the boy on his back onto the ground roughly holding a hand firmly across the boys throat. The boy exhales and angrily struggles to get loose from the guards grasp. The guard inhales the breath he had lost from the strangling, once he collected it he reaches to his back sheath pulling a dagger out. The boy stops struggling looking at the dagger as the guard raises it up ready to strike him. Suddenly another hand lays on the top of the hilt. \"No! Please don't he's my friend!\" Nekta exclaims with more tears streaming from her eyes down her face. \"He's just a boy too.\" Tanana added to the guard as well. The guard grimaces at the boy and the boy breathes heavily staring at Nekta instead of the guard scared. The guard calms down and slowly places the dagger back into his sheath. \"Next time if this happens I will not go soft on you boy.\" The guard gets up but the boy still lays down with his back tense to the ground, his chest moving up and down. \"Please sir may I have a few minutes with my friend?\" Nekta asked the guard. The guard nods approvingly walking back into the hut to fetch his other guard. Nekta bends down to meet her friend who is still laid down. She takes his hand and brings him to sit up slowly. The boy moans in pain from his back and Nekta sat down in front of him tucking her knees beneath her. \"So this is it then?\" The boy said looking at Nekta and smoothes away her trail of tears with his thumb. Nekta takes his hand from her face and holds it. Nekta looks into his eyes. \"We'll see each other again I promise.\" The boy gives a little grin on his left side and frowns again. \"What do they want with you?\" \"It's nothing bad from what I've heard.\" Nekta started. \"But you're crying. Why cry if it's nothing bad?\" The boy asked. The guards came out of the hut with Tanana following behind them. \"Nekta lets go.\" One of them said. Nekta squeezes the boys hand a little bit tighter. \"Very Soon,\" She whispers to the boy and leans in wrapping her hand on his shoulder to kiss his cheek. Nekta begins to stand up afterwards and the boy does too taking Nekta's arm and swings his arms around her embracing Nekta. Nekta embraces him back and feels someone tugging her arm that wasn't the boys. \"Nekta.\" One of the guards urged. Nekta broke from the boy. Another tear streams from her eyes. \"I'm sorry.\" She walks off with the guard looking back at the boy. He follows them not taking his eyes off of Nekta to the end of the village where the guards left their carts pulled by horses. The guard picks up Nekta placing her in the back of the cart. He jumps in after her pulling the reigns. Nekta has her last look at the village and spots her friend. She waves to him as the carts start to roll away into the darkness. His friend was gone. It all felt so surreal for a few moments and the boy picks up a stone angrily and throws it halfway into the darkness where Nekta was taken. \"No!\" he screams. His scream echoed throughout the evening air bouncing off the close by mountaintops as well. He stumbles to the ground and for the first time of what just happened he busted into tears. He closes his palms on his eyes curling up next to a boulder right beside him. Snuffling he looks up to the stars remembering every single word Nekta said about them as if she was really there still by his side. He dries his tears away pondering over an idea he just got. He made it very far in the desert with his people a lot he could surely do the same to catch up with Nekta. The boy waited while everyone fell asleep in the village before going back and when they did he gathered fresh goods from the garden, water and blanket. He silently opens the pin fence to retrieve a camel. Once he got one he fastened his things on the camel and got up on it afterwards. He'd never ridden a camel by himself before but he knew the basics and steered it down the path Nekta disappeared to into the night. Present Day Ra wakes up the following morning being woken up by Jane. \"I cannot believe that we all stayed up so late and fell asleep in the living room. Tristan just left for work.\" Ra smiles at Jane. \"Good morning to you too,\" He said. Jane smiles back and went over to sit by him. They had stayed up almost all night talking about Cair Paravel and meeting up later on the beach right next to it. Jane throws her head back. \"I wish I didn't have to go to school today but it's finals for the next few days. After that I will finally be done.\" \"What are finals?\" Ra asked. \"They are tests you take and you have to try to answer everything correctly of what you previously learned in a subject.\" Jane explained. \"Didn't you take finals before while you traveled worlds?\" Ra shook his head. \"No, I never have.\" \"Huh,\" Jane said interestingly. \"You are a lucky one.\" She said tying her boot laces. Her dress today was a hunter green and her hair was pulled in a half ponytail. Ra smiles bigger. \"I was brought up learning thing a little differently.\" Jane finishes tying her laces and looks back at Ra. \"I want to hear about it after school today at Cair Paravel.\" She leans over and kisses his left cheek. \"I'll see you later Ra.\" She gets up and walks to the foyer. \"See you.\" Ra replies and the door shuts. Ra places his hand on his cheek gently where Jane kissed him and he smiles.[Chapter 7] Okay in this chapter you are finally introduced to the villian of this story. Please please review I've got 63 hits this month so far so and still counting I know you are reading this story. Please give feedback. If you love it or hate it. I don't care. Reviews are like the \"Red\" to my \"Bull\" it gives me wings :) so please review review review! 8,000 B.C. The boy began to think that leaving probably was a mistake. Sandstorms were starting to form upon dunes and he couldn't see the foot tracks that the horses had left behind anymore. The more the sun rose higher into the sky the more unbearable and tired the boy got. Still he presses on in hopes to find Nekta out there somewhere. He gently lashes the camels' reigns on its foreleg to go faster. After a few more hours the sandstorm grew tremendously, before it did the boy could already make out a trench ahead. The camel steps backs and groan frightened as soon as they came to the trench. The boy jumps off of the camel holding onto the reigns looking deep down into the trench examining a way to get across to the other side. He finds a plateau to step on and tries to urge the camel to follow. Seeing the boy stepping down the camel decides to finally follow. The deeper they got the darker it got inside the trench but at least they were out of the sandstorm. The boy was getting so thirsty, he had already drunk half of his water that was brought and wanted to save it for the next couple of days just in case he came to another oasis. He looks back up to see the sandstorm above and decided that he best not continue until it was over. He knew he had to rest in order to keep his strength up. He couldn't stop thinking about Nekta crying when she herself told him everything was going to be okay, or what those guards were up to and taking her. He wondered if she was safe from the sandstorm or just safe at all. They reach the bottom of the trench where the boy tries to adjust his eyes and sees a cavern in front of him. \"Come on.\" He urges the camel once more and ties its reigns on the weirdest looking tone the boy has ever seen. It stood up like an elephant tusk he thought. The boy found somewhere to rest and lies down with his back against the wall of the trench looking above again. He was amazed at how much it looked like night when it was actually daylight. Closing his eyes he begins to calm himself down. His senses came in then once he relaxes. Hearing the storms howls above him sounded liked spirits in the wind with unspoken words of guidance and encouragement echoing through the trench. At times it sounded like they came in soft whispers and once or twice thought he had heard his mother. \"Mother?\" he spoke in a weakening tone. He could no longer hear her voice but the sound that came afterward made him sigh in relief. He opens his eyes and gets up to his feet following the sound of dripping water. He finds water coming up from these rock pillars and down a crack beneath the surface where he stood. Quickly the boy jolts towards the camel to gather his canteen of water which was half full and ran back to get some of the water running down from the rocks. After filling it up the boy dips his palm in the water cooping it up to his dry lips and drinks it. He could swear that it was the most purest and cold water he's ever experienced drinking. He felt life coming back into him. He takes a few more sips before going back. The boy searches through his sack on the camel for some rations. Roots, hard meat and wheat bread was all he had gathered. He went for something light choosing some of the roots and half of the wheat bread. He sat up and ate it all within eight minutes and shared some of it with his traveling companion, the camel. The camel had already curled up and fell asleep after their dinner. The boy tried to stay awake a little bit longer keeping his eyes out on the sandstorm but slowly fell asleep. The moment the boy woke up a few hours later it already became night. The sandstorm had already went through and the stars above seemed to shine brightly then they ever had before. He could see through the cavern a lot better too. He wanted to continue on then so he slowly stretches taking a drink from his canteen and woke up the camel. Once he woke it he gave it another piece of his wheat bread and unties its reigns. The boy searches for another way out of the trench on the other side. He focused so much on looking up that he didn't take the time at all to see what was beneath him. It didn't take him long to find another plateau that leads out of the trench. The closer he got to it he could see horse hooves leading up the plateau. This was very good news to the boy. He was still on track. The boy and the camel rode off into the night and at around dawn they finally reached to a sand dune that had horse hoof tracks. A sandstorm probably didn't touchdown here or he was now getting closer, he thought. He much preferred the last part. He lashes the reigns on the camels foreleg again but something held the camel steady. \"Come on lets go.\" The boy even tried kicking lightly by the camels side but it would not budge. \"You crazy beast,\" The boy said climbing down in an annoyed tone. He grabs the reigns trying to pull the camel. The camels ears flickers to the side and downwards. The boy knew that that is a sign of danger. Still he tries to urge the camel by pulling the reigns tighter. \"Come on!\" A growl is heard. The boy heard it and turns with a frightful gasp to try and spot where it came from. There were too many rocks and large boulders surrounding them and the camel rears trying to get loose from the boys grasp. The boy releases the camel and out came four lionesses behind the boulders and started to chase the camel down as if they didn't see the startled non-moving boy. But then there was a growl behind him not in front of him. Unfortunately for the boy he hears the growl behind him again. He didn't turn around this time. He only closes his eyes and inhales some air quietly through his mouth. All of his supplies were gone with the camel. Even if he did survive this he couldn't go on for he would surely die that way too. With his closed he could first see how he watched his family and how they were eaten alive by just one lion, all the anger and hatred for that lion built up inside of him. If he was to die now he would do so to avenge the ones he loved dearly. He opens his eyes glancing around the area, not too far away he seeks a rock that looked like it could pierce anything. With another deep breath he darts towards the shard figure and he could hear the lions leap behind him and pants full of angry growls. The boy runs faster as he was closing upon the shard figured rock and he was in ten feet of touching it he trips over a crack in the ground and turns over to see how fast the male lion was approaching him. The lion had a long blond and red mix mane just like the one who killed his family. Previously he would just spot the ones with a black mane or pure blonde mane but never one like that. Instead of showing the lion fear the boy grins fully knowing that this was the lion that he would finally have his revenge on. He stands up quickly and pulls the shard rock in his hand and by the time he turned around the lion stretches his forearms to him and the boy stabs the lion in his right shoulder causing the lion to fll sideways and his right forearm slaps the boy hard. The boy lost his footing and fell twenty feet below to the ground that knocks the air out of him. The boy trembles in shock and unable to get up. The lion stayed above ground looking down at the boy. The boy narrows his eyes at the lion, he was so mad he didn't kill him. Looking into his eyes the boy knew then it was the same lion. It was just like that day when he first looked into the lions eyes. The same emotion, the same slant of the eyes matched perfectly in his memory. The lion pants and walks away. The boy waited as long as he could, three or maybe ten minutes, nothing. The boy ended up drifting into a sleep. \"Jaffa Kree!\" The odd triangular shaped room was almost pitch dark if it were not for the florescent lights tracing ancient looking pillars but made out of modern technology. The one who just spoke for his jaffa's attention sits in a throne chair wearing all black. His garment is a black metallic color. You couldn't see what he looked like for he placed a long black veil over his face, however you could sort of see through the material and could tell he had a strange shape and color of no human being. The face shape was too long and narrow with the skin color of olive grey. You could also see the color in his hands. A group of tall men with silver markings placed above their heads enter into the room. They are the Jaffa's dressed in metallic silver armor and all got on their knees and bow. The being in the black veil raises his head a little and points with his frail long finger to one of them. \"Grimtak\" He pronounced in a demon voice. Grimtak of one of the Jaffa's looks up with a frightening face. The being curls his finger in demanding that the Jaffa comes forward. Grimtak hesitates and gradually gets up trembling. He walks over as close as he could and kneels before the being at his feet. The being in the black veil chuckles and asks a question in ancient language. He wanted to know why theJaffa acted very innocent before him and he knew what he did. The being in the black veil kicks the Jaffa from his kneeling place and rolls down the steps he walked up on. The being in the black veil spoke again getting up from his throne angrily balling up his fists. \"You have failed a mission concerning humans. It was a simple job and now there two motherships blown up because of your insolence!\" \"I'm sorry my lord I-,\" Grimtak pleaded. \"Jaffa!\" The being in the black veil screamed. \"It has been a pleasure working with you but I do not tolerate mistakes.\" The being holds out his palm with a hand device and touches the Jaffa's forehead with it electrocuting him to death. Through the beings black veil to can see his eyes glow in the process. Once the Jaffa fell to the ground the being takes a snake like staff and shoots it at Grimtak until his body disintegrates.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 is up really soon before I start my long week and weekend of work. I'll try to squeeze in 9 really soon too. Also if you've seen Narnia: Lion, the Witch and Wardrobe try to think of the crowning the Pevensie's scene as the ballroom in this story. They look alike. Please enjoy and more reviews would be awesome please. Jane gets out of the schoolhouse as fast as she could wanting to avoid Ciera and her followers, she's sighs with a smile as she made it close to the woods. On the way walking home she noticed some of the apple trees were starting to bloom. They weren't fully apples yet except for one. It was at its' highest point in the tree. Her mouth watered for something sweet like the apple. Luckily she and her mother kept spare bows and arrows in the forest just in case for further training. She couldn't climb the tree limbs because they were too skinny she would for sure break one and fall. Jane searches in the forest for a bow and arrows. She remembers this one spot where her mother hid some in a hollow tree. There she found them but was a bit taken back when she saw there were only three arrows. She takes them and walks back to the apple tree. Jane places one of the arrows to the bow string and pulls it back aiming at the apple and releases. The arrow shoots past the apple stem without touching it from two inches. Jane softly groans to herself preparing another bow her biting her bottom lip as her face hardens a little. She pulls back the arrow on the bow string and releases. This time she is far off her target. The arrow slips underneath the apple. Feeling disappointed in herself Jane palms her forehead. \"Woah,\" A voice said behind the tree. Jane looks up and sees Ra. \"How long were you out there?\" Jane asked him. \"Long enough to almost get pierced with an arrow,\" Ra raised his eyebrow about to say another thing. Jane presses her palm on her forehead harder embarrassed. \"Oh gosh. I'm sorry about that.\" \"I can tell something is bothering you.\" Ra said. Jane shakes her head. \"It's nothing really.\" Jane places the bow and arrow under a nearby bush. Something was indeed bothering her, she couldn't get the arranged Ball out of her mind all day that day and now she was about to see how her father was setting it up. \"Come on I want to show you Cair Paravel.\" On the way they didn't speak much about what Jane was aiming for with her bow but Ra asked her how the final was. Jane said she got literature and ancient history out of the way and that she only had three more subjects to finish. \"What is that whish sound?\" Ra asked after walking in silence for a while. Jane looked almost suspiciously at him but smiles. \"That's the ocean. We're not far from it. It's actually where we are going Cair Paravel is built right on the beach.\" It was silent again so Jane asked Ra a question. \"So how was your day?\" Ra grins. \"I had a really nice talk with your mother and I just walked around a bit and almost got stabbed with an arrow.\" He laughs under his breath. Jane didn't want to laugh still feeling awkward about that with Ra but found herself doing so. \"I hope she didn't tell you embarrassing stories about me.\" Jane said and was eventually going to ask him what it was about but thought she shouldn't pry on her friends conversation with her mother. Jane felt surprised when Ra opened his mouth to tell her. \"She was contemplating whether or not the Ball your father arranged was a good idea or not.\" Jane thought it was plain and simple. \"I have to agree with her.\" It was something she didn't want and the main thing that was making her nervous these days. Ra could tell she still didn't want to talk about it so he dropped it. \"What were you trying to shoot in the forest anyways?\" They just came up to a cobblestone road where a lot of villagers walked along side them and a lot of beggars putting custom made items for sale calling loud for peoples attention. Jane looks to Ra not hearing his last question. \"What?\" She says over the loud crowd. Ra glances at her \"What?\" He also called. Jane laughs to herself and they kept walking past the crowd. After a few minutes the crowds subsided as they reached a bridge leading to a stone and glass palace. It looked like it was about twelve stories high to Ra. He felt really intimidated. \"Your father the king rules in there?\" Jane grins at Ra with a shrug. \"Yes he does.\" Ra's face was very obvious to Jane that he got more nervous then she was right now. They kept walking and Jane points with her finger once they were on the middle part of the bridge. \"There's the ocean. We call it the eastern sea.\" She pauses for a moment as her and Ra overlooked it from the side of the bridge, the sun soaking the horizon in orange. \"It's been told in the ancient world that when you sail across the entire sea you'll reach the Creators Country.\" \"The creator of this world?\" Ra asks. \"Well,\" Jane speaks in a technical term way. \"Yes as well as all other worlds, things and people.\" \"And you believe this all took just one creator?\" Ra replies. Jane nods. \"My parents are living proof. Come on.\" Jane gently tugs Ra's wrist and walks toward the castle gates that open on their own. \"Do the other worlds have oceans too?\" Jane asked. Ra looks at Jane. He always loved when Jane asked him questions like this and looking at her as she had this childlike curiosity across her face. Ra nods with an angelic grin. \"Most of them do.\" Jane smiles back at Ra and they walk through the courtyard and straight through a corridor into the castle, Ra looks down at the marble flooring. Little paintings of Dryads and landscapes were planted on the marble flooring. The best thing was is that it all told a story as if time itself placed it there instead of it being human made. Jane leads them to a tall and wide staircase in a circular foyer. \"The ball room is up here I promise.\" \"Who is this young man with you Jane?\" A womans voice echoed. Jane turns to her and smiles. \"Lanorra,\" Jane says. \"This is my friend Ra. Ra that's Lanorra she's a maid slash royal planner.\" Lanorra has her black hair tied in a bun and is at least over 30 years old. \"It's nice to meet you Ra.\" \"You too.\" Ra says smiling back. \"Jane he's so handsome where ever did you find him?\" Lanorra asked and Ra felt flushed. \"Oh Norra,\" Jane gasps. \"I asked him if he could be my escort this coming week for the birthday. So he'll be escorting me.\" \"Oh how lovely.\" Lanorra said. \"Well have fun. It was nice meeting you again. And Jane you're going to love the décor in the ball room.\" \"I can't wait to see it.\" Jane said back and after Lanorra left they walked up the long staircase. Up top the stairs there are double doors in front of them and Jane pushes them wide open. It is a grand ballroom indeed. Across the room stood four thrones made of gold and rubies. The floor made of same marble, the windows made of different warm tinted colors and had almost the same paintings as the marble floors downstairs had. However the drawings of the story were something a lot different. It told the stories of all the kids that came into the previous land of Narnia. Jane focused more on the added decorations. The drapes and everything else was decorated in a gorgeous gold, bashful and white. Jane brought Ra over to a staircase. \"This is how we escort. I'm sorry because it is a bit silly. Wait here.\" She holds her dress up a bit below her knees and runs to the top of the stairs. \"First someone will do an introduction, then my parents come down and will introduce me.\" Jane rolls her eyes. \"Then I will gradually.\" Jane coops her hand making a sarcastic fish face and raises her cooped hand and waves it. Ra laughs a little as she does it. \"And then I'll make my somewhat graceful way down.\" Jane walks down the steps acting sluggish, Ra laughs more noticeably then. At a certain point Jane walks normal and smiles at Ra. \"Then you hold your hand out for me and I take your hand.\" Ra steps in front of her and holds out his only left hand for Jane and she takes his hand. Without waiting for a next instruction Ra brought her hand up to his lips and kisses it. Jane felt a bit overwhelmed but nevertheless enjoyed it a lot. \"And after that,\" Jane said her voice a bit shaky. \"We go onto the dance floor into a fast waltz.\" There was something in that moment that made Jane feel weak in front of Ra. Was it his kiss? His striking eyes? What was going on? Not even her heart was pounding so hard when she had danced with him for the first time last night. \"Do you want to try it now?\" Ra asked. Jane nods. \"Yes I'd love to.\" Her body started to shiver a little, she hoped Ra didn't notice it. They formed the same position as last night and began to waltz. \"You're still doing very good Jane.\" Ra compliments. Jane tries to say something and Ra could hear her mouth tremble so he stops and presses his hand around her arm in a comforting position. \"Are you alright?\" \"I'm just not ready to get married to some stranger by next year,\" Jane said. \"I just feel that there is more to life than that. I think life is better than marriage. I'm still just a kid.\" Ra looks concerned at her. \"Well what do you want to do in life?\" \"I want what you have. I want to explore worlds and live everyday as an adventure. I don't ever get that here. It's always being proper, education and marrying me off to another royal because of tradition.\" Jane went on. Jane's words were very reasonable to Ra. \"What about a relationship?\" \"A what?\" Jane asked. \"You know someone who you can be in love with without having to rush into marriage with?\" Ra explained. \"I don't know. I really haven't thought about that before ever.\" \"But would you though?\" Ra steps closer to her. Jane can feel her heart pounding at a faster pace as he steps closer to her. \"I don't know.\" \"Why not?\" Ra caresses her arm looking down into Jane's eyes bending his head closer to hers with his lips perched to meet hers. \"Because I,\" Jane couldn't finish her sentence as she perched her lips too to kiss Ra, she was ready to do it but something held her back. Jane pulls her head down before their lips collided with each others. Ra sighs and rests his forehead against hers. \"I'm sorry I can't\" Jane said. She kept saying she was sorry over and over while Ra had nothing to say. They held each other in their arms in silence for minutes that felt like hours. \"No I should be the one sorry for coming onto you like this.\" Ra turns from Jane and was starting pace away. He stops and thinks for a few seconds. \"Actually I'm not sorry for one thing.\" He said and Jane looks up at him bewildered when he says this. Ra went on. \"I'm not sorry for showing the love I have for you.\" \"Ra you've only known me for a few days.\" Jane said but her mind told her that she was a hypocrite, she did feel something for Ra and it was also the same length of days when her own mother and father fell in love. Ra thought that the words coming from Jane's mouth was true. \"Don't you get this feeling or some vague vision that we've met before. I don't mean it literally as it sounds but you -,\" Ra couldn't find the right words for what he was trying to say and suddenly felt like he was making an ass of himself. Jane only shrugs. \"I'm sorry Ra,\" She said her face growing a bit stern as she walks to him. \"All I do know right now is that you are the most important person to ever walk into my life. You're a great friend.\" Ra felt everything sunk inside of him. It was the worst pain ever being called just a \"friend\". \"A friend,\" Ra frowns and smiles sarcastically. \"Great.\" He said aggravated and began to walk out. Jane gasps. \"Didn't you hear what I just said about you?\" She argues. \"You are very important to me and I just don't want to hurt you when my future is already planned for me.\" She knew this had to hurt him but he was breaking her too. Ra was still walking out. \"Please Ra!\" Ra stops walking and turns to look at her. They just stare for a few seconds and footsteps were heard outdoors and came in from the balcony. It was Jane's father the King Tirian. \"Jane I'm glad to see you here.\" Tirian said. \"Hello father.\" She greeted him with a hug when he walks up to her. \"Dad this is my friend Ra.\" She introduced them. \"Ra this is my father Ki-,\" \"Your Majesty, Tirian.\" Ra bows in a stern manner. Already he didn't like Jane's father who planned his own daughters life. The King grins a little. \"It's a pleasure.\" \"Ra is going to escort me dad and-,\" Jane said until she was interrupted. \"No daughter,\" King Tirian obliged. \"I've already promised the Duke of the Lone Islands to escort you.\" Jane's face went hollow and it saddened Ra to see that. \"But I promised Ra.\" Jane said. \"I'm sure your new friend understands.\" King Tirian said looking at Ra. \"Most definitely.\" Ra smirks. Ra now thought that with making his move on Jane jinxed everything for the rest of that day.[Chapter 9] Here's chapter 9. 10 will be up sooner then you think so watch for it. ;) An incident recently happened where I found some of my ideas from this story in another story concerning Ra however it's all good now me and that person worked things out. I will only say this please do not purposely take my ideas without contacting me first especially. Just don't do it at all please. I spend months planning my style and plots out before writing my stories. I'm very diverse and I create my stories in ways that has never been done before and I don't want people getting confused with someone elses story for mine. Please I beg of you. Leave my plots alone! Without further ado. Enjoy ;) Jane tells her goodbye to her father and she with Ra walk down the stairs in silence. They didn't give any eye contact to each other either. Down at the bottom of the stairs stood Jane's twin brother Tristan who had an enormous grin on his face. \"That was incredibly fast. How was the rehearsal?\" Tristan asked. Ra looks to Jane without saying anything and Jane looks at him and back at her brother. \"Our father paired me up with the Duke of the Lone Islands.\" \"Mother's boy?\" Tristan chokes and chuckles under his breath. Jane only nods. \"So are we still up for the beach?\" Tristan said. Jane shakes her head. \"No,\" Jane blinks lethargically. \"I'm really tired and it's a big day tomorrow.\" \"Oh right your last finals.\" Tristan said agreeing. \"Maybe tomorrow after your finals we could go then.\" Jane shrugs \"We'll have to wait and see.\" \"I'm actually not really into it.\" Ra said almost glaring at Jane. \"I don't like the ocean that much.\" He said. Jane glares back at Ra. \"Okay.\" Tristan said feeling awkward. \"Father needs more help so I'll see you two later.\" He looks at them again before heading away. \"I hope.\" Jane and Ra made their way out of the castle in silence. It was that way until they made it to the woods and by then the stars were already surrounding the night sky and the crickets came to play. \"Ra, can you please talk to me.\" Jane said a bit irritated trying to catch up by his side. \"Talk about what Jane?\" Ra asked lightly. Jane bites her lip. \"Listen I'm sorry okay, I'm no good under pressure.\" After no response Jane tugs his arm. \"Ra?\" \"I heard you and you do not have to be sorry. If that's the way you feel then so be it.\" Ra said. Jane grew angry. \"Do not ever talk about my feelings in that way, you have no idea about them!\" Jane wanted so badly to push him down or slap him across the face in that moment but was held back to do so. Ra whips around quickly and faces Jane with his eyes narrowed. \"How about we stop talking about mine then.\" Ra said very clear and stern raising an eyebrow and kept on walking. It was silent again, the both of them hated it at the same time. They enjoyed each others talks. Ra could feel something boil in the center of him. He would normally feel it when he was still a host to the alien when it would get nervous about something. He didn't like the feeling. It made him want to cry but he didn't. Ra glances up at the stars and looks to Jane who had already shed a few tears silently. They were swiped away with her hands. Ra looks back up at the stars. \"What do you think some of those stars are?\" He asked her because he remembers a faint memory of a girl who once told him what they were. \"Oh now you want to talk to me and about the stars?\" Jane rolls her eyes. \"Just answer the question.\" Ra said a tad firmly. Jane sighs. \"Well in Narnia they were actual beings that lit the night sky. I sometimes believe that now. As a little girl I used to believe they were other worlds.\" \"So you don't believe that anymore?\" Ra asked. Jane shrugs. \"I've always wanted to escape to one, but it's impossible so no. I was told other worlds are far away from each other from my parents.\" \"But they are all millions of miles away.\" Ra said. \"I'll bet you that at least one hundred and fifty seven of those stars up there from this view are other planets.\" Jane sarcastically laughs out loud. \"Millions of miles, that actually makes it a lot harder now Ra.\" Jane glances up with Ra and before she knew it they were already home. Walking up the stairs they didn't say anything else going to their bedrooms. Jane stops at her door and twists the knob as she could still hear Ra's footsteps nearing his door. \"Ra.\" Jane flips her head to look at him. Ra stops and looks at her. \"Goodnight Jane.\" Jane nods her head and at the same time they open their doors and close them at the same time. Jane said she was tired that night but she wasn't. She kept her candles lit after taking a quick bath and sat on her bed pondering over that day. She truly believes that Ra is just out of this world, well he was but there was something special about him, she knew it from the moment she saw him. She felt scared. She had always hoped in all the days of meeting a simple boy that dropped from the blue that she would never fall in love. She swore herself she wouldn't. She was falling hard, and fast at that too. Jane tries to shake the feeling away. Too late. It was already embedded just like a scar you just cannot make go away no matter how many times you try it'll still be there. She got up from her bed and blew out all of the candles in the room. She flops down onto her bed and every time she closed her eyes she could hear Ra's words pleading for her love in return. She would see his smile and that adorable left side grin of his, pitch black striking eyes that makes her melt. Wait a minute. He held an amazing resemblance to the young boy of her dreams when she was younger. She had stopped having the dreams about him since she was 8, just seven years ago. Only he had curly shorter hair instead of long and straight like it is now. How could she have seen this now and not earlier. Just a coincidence maybe? She thought. Anyways she tried closing her eyes again. There he was with that look he gave her when she shot the arrow in the field the other day. His face she noticed was full of amazement and impressiveness. Nothing ever resembled lust in his eyes only truth. Jane felt like she was the one making the mistake. All night she would toss and turn with Ra implanted in her mind. 8,000 B.C. Everything was fuzzy as the boy began to open his eyes. He found himself in a hut almost similar to ones in the village and he began to hope he wasn't back there. Not yet when he was already so close to finding his friend Nekta. He palms his face. \"No.\" He kept mumbling in a weak tone. If it were not for that damned lion, he kept thinking over and over. He suddenly felt tired again after his moment of rampaging and fell back on the soft pillows that comforted him from the ground beneath him. He could hear a sound he's never heard before until now. A sound of he guessed bones hitting each other as the wind grew outside. It formed into its' own music. He never even once thought about the idea of creating music with animal bones. Then he really started to wonder where he was because the surrounding were nothing like he'd ever seen at the village as his eyes came into perfect view. The bed of fur was woven with fabrics beneath the skin to use for covers. There was also a fire pit in the middle of the hut and a hole at the top for the smoke to get out of he assumed. He's never seen that before. Another thing the boy noticed which made him gasp and raised his eyes in fright. The same suit of armor the guards were wearing the night they took Nekta away was staring him in the face on the ground at the other side of the hut. Then a curtain unfolds with a man walking in and was very familiar to the boy. \"You.\" The boy narrows his eyes and curls his mouth in an angry way. It was the very same guard he had attacked from behind when he was taking Nekta away. The boy tries to get to his feet to run away and he saw blurs again forming in his eyes and it was back on the ground he went. \"Boy I'm not going to harm you now please calm down and rest.\" He said in a comforting voice. \"I think you took a very big blow to the back of your head out there. The medicine our shaman gave you should work. You will feel better tomorrow.\" The boy pants a bit and noticed the back of his head was wet with mushed herbs. \"What have you done with my friend?\" \"She is in good hands alright.\" The man replied. \"Where is she?\" The boy asked very firmly narrowing his eyes more. \"It surprises me that you came all this way and you're still alive it just-,\" The man went on until he was interrupted. \"That's a nice story. Answer my question.\" The boy urged impatiently. \"She isn't here. I can tell you that much.\" The man said. The boy rolls his eyes and he got a split headache from doing that. \"Can you give me a hint where she went. I want to continue my search tomorrow.\" \"No you are too young and it'll be dangerous.\" The man gets up from his squatting position. \"Tomorrow morning you are going back where you belong.\" \"I don't belong anywhere so you will only be wasting your time.\" The boy said crossing his arms. \"They are your people aren't they?\" The man asked. \"No.\" The boy said.\"I've only been there for a couple of days. My friend Nekta that you took away made me feel like I belonged there. I want my friend back.\" The man shook his head and this time the boy felt that he really had to beg. \"Please I just want to see her and feel like I can be close with my friend again. I don't even have to say anything to her if you don't want me too.\" The boy begged with his eyes. The man shook his head even more and eventually gave in to the little kid. \"Alright fine.\" Said the man. \"The only way we're going to do this is you have to pretend to be my slave when we go there. And I mean it, keep your mouth shut. Pacis is a very strict council man for the Pharaoh.\" \"Pharaoh and council?\" The boy asked confused. The man whose name is Kames rubs his eyes with a moan. It was going to be a long time explain things to this naïve little boy.[Chapter 10] I told you guys this chapter would be up soon. I'm so ready to start on the sequel to this story so bad so that you can all be just as obsessed then I currently am about this. I so cannot wait. Happy reading and enjoy this. Previous reviewers please come back! I miss yall . Jane woke up the next morning feeling surprisingly refreshed after a long night of trying to go to sleep. With her eyes still closed she turns around in the bed facing her long window with a stretch of her arms. Jane squints her eyes and places her arm over her eyes. The light from the window felt like it was burning through her eyelids. The only time when that happened was when she would sleep in late, which she rarely did anymore because the sun in her land would start to face South at the start of noon. Wait what! Jane opens her eyes anxiously looking out the window and at her clock on top a mantel. She was two hours late for her finals. \"Oh no, no, no!\" she threw her covers away and rushes out of bed to her closet. The yanks the first dress she sees without looking at it which was white with gold trimming. She mostly used it when she practiced archery for an entire day. Jane washed her face in a hurry taking off her nightgown and threw on her dress without even thinking about her hair she steps into her boots and ran out of her door and down the stairs. It was obvious that no one was in the mansion because of how quiet the downstairs was. Jane reaches the foyer and in frustration she yells, \"Why didn't any of you wake me up!\" Jane grips the door knob and flings the door open and closes it behind her firmly. She began to feel very dizzy and easily heated under the perfect 65 degree weather. She thought for a moment that she should've eaten something first but her mind focused on finishing her finals. She picks up her dress just a little below the knee and ran as fast as she could to the schoolhouse. As Jane neared the school she could hear the bell sound off coming out of the woods still running, and slows down coming close to the stairs. The school door opens and the first to come out were Ciera and Flynn. With their friends behind, the other students walk around them ready to get away from school. Flynn and Ciera were obviously trying hard not to laugh at Jane's current appearance. \"Oh,\" Ciera said almost in a giggle looking at Jane up and down. \"Someone woke up on the wrong end of the bed.\" Flynn and Ciera's friends laugh. Jane pulls hair to the side avoiding them running up the stairs past them and into the classroom. She saw Tristan inside but was looking for their professor. She spotted him in the back and began to walk towards him. \"Jane you know-,\" Tristan was saying until Jane held up her hand in his direction not wanting to speak with him. The professor looks up from a pile of books he stacked up on a back table and looked very shocked to see Jane enter the room. \"Jane,\" Professor Cori said astonished, the kind that made you feel nervous and ready to hear something bad. \"I didn't think you were going to show up.\" \"I'm sorry Professor.\" Jane apologizes. \"Is there any way I could complete my finals please?\" Professor Cori gave a doubtful look as he took his pile of books and places them in a box. \"Not right now no, I'm sorry but you should've been here on time. Maybe you can work out something with your father the king so you can finish these finals.\" Jane squeezes her eyes shut biting her bottom lip nervously. She was hoping it didn't come to that, not before the Ball. \"Is there any way you can provide me with a plan B?\" Jane asked calmly and almost in a sotto tone. \"There is no other alternative I'm afraid.\" The professor said picking up his box. \"It wouldn't be fair to have you get away with tardiness just because you are the daughter to the King. Good luck Jane.\" With that he made his way to the door disappointed. Jane first wanted to tell the professor that she wasn't making any excuses whatsoever just because she is the daughter of the King, then again she knew where he was coming from even though it didn't come out politely. It was her own fault for not showing up on time. She didn't know how to tell her father this at all. Her entire family were under enough pressure as it is. Mainly she didn't want to disappoint her father. Jane's eyes moves to Tristan in the room, she looked angry and rolls her eyes walking out of the schoolhouse. Tristan follows close after. \"Why wasn't I woken up?\" Jane said as she couldn't bottle up the question any much longer. \"I didn't know Jane so I'm sorry.\" Tristan replied. \"I came from Cair Paravel since I helped father almost all night and didn't come home last night or this morning at all.\" Jane didn't reply so Tristan continued. \"How are you going tell father?\" \"I'm not.\" Jane replied immediately. \"At least not before our party, he's under a lot of preparations as it is and expects me to be fully prepared already. I really do not want to disappoint him at all at this moment.\" \"Speaking of our father, he wanted me to tell you that Duke Rufus and his mother the queen have arrived and would like to start rehearsal now.\" Tristan said. Jane groans. \"Alright, Tristan just please promise me you won't tell father about this.\" \"I swear Jane, but either way it goes he'll ground the both of us.\" Tristan said. Once Jane got to Cair Paravel she headed straight to a buffet of fruit and salads. She was so hungry and tired. The grapes, pineapple and cherries, brought her energy up a lot, she felt very normal until somebody taps her on the shoulder and it made her jump. An elderly woman stood behind her with a large tiara worn on top of her head, she was dresses in a long royal blue dress trimmed with white fur. Her head was held high, Jane thought she had to be one of those busy bodies just by looking at her and studying her body language. The old woman took out some holding glasses from her small hand bag placing it at the tip of her petite nose tracing Jane up and down. \"Princess Jane I assume?\" The woman asked in a snobby tone. Her accent was poised and rich. \"Yes.\" Jane said gulping the rest of her food down. \"And who might you be?\" \"Is that any way you introduce yourself to the duchess of the Lone Island's?\" The woman scowled. \"Oh,\" Jane gasps and curtsies and felt embarrassed. \"Pardon me. Yes Ma'm I am Princess Jane. Is my father King Tirian around?\" \"Yes,\" The duchess said in a suspicious tone. \"He's in the ballroom with my Rufus. What in Heavens name have you done to your hair child?\" The duchess takes a long nailed finger of hers and cuts through Jane's hair with it. Jane pulls her head back a little. \"You know how those school finals are like.\" Jane slightly giggles nervously. The Duchess only stares at her for a little time before speaking. \"No idea.\" She said in a deeply stern voice. \"But once you are made queen by next year you will have to get on to deal with that pressure and look your absolute best while doing it.\" She turns to the ballroom stairs. \"Come child.\" Jane wrinkles her face feeling awkward, for one thing she did not appreciate this duchess calling her \"child\" and Jane hoped the duchess wouldn't become her future mother in law. The duchess wore a long royal cloak trail behind her so Jane walks on the other side of the grand stairs. What is this lady in a big hurry to celebrate her own son's coronation right now or what? Jane thought. It was completely unnecessary to dress this royally away from her own land. Upon reaching the ballroom the duchess coughs for her sons attention. \"Rufus!\" She screeches across the room her voice echoing around the pillars. Rufus looks away from the King Tirian towards his mother. Jane's first impression about Rufus was that he was very handsome, a lot of women would fall at his feet. He is tall with wavy dark brown hair with a hint of sun tan on him, athletic build. When he looked at Jane his smile stretched very wide. Yes he is gorgeous but Jane didn't fond over him, she still had Ra on her mind. He came over to them and as he got closer Jane could see his eye color which was blue. \"Hello it's a pleasure to meet you Princess Jane.\" Rufus said taking Jane's hand. Jane looks down at hem holding hands, nothing. It wasn't anything exciting compared to holding Ra's hand. Rufus brings her hand up to his it and Jane quickly slips her hand away from his grip. \"You too as well,\" Jane curtsies as Rufus kisses the air instead of Jane's hand. The Duchess snaps her fingers for her sons attention and Rufus looks over. \"Take her arm.\" She tries to whisper through her intense teeth. Rufus offers his arm and Jane gulps thinking only about Ra and forgetting all about missing her finals and takes his arm with her hand. Rufus leads her to the dance floor and positioned himself and Jane did too in the waltz. \"I take it you've done this before?\" Rufus asked. \"Once or twice,\" Jane replied. She noticed Rufus wanted his positioning closer to her so Jane backed away a bit and gave him a look for good reason so he wouldn't try it again. Rufus nods and led the dance and already Jane with her mind roaming elsewhere messed up the routine and her foot lands on top of Rufus. \"Ow,\" He gasped. Jane was wearing her thick boots when Rufus she could tell was wearing the thin kind at the top and thick on the bottom so yes she knew that had to have hurt him a lot. \"Oh,\" Jane gasps. \"Rufus I'm sorry.\" Rufus looked a little annoyed. \"Again,\" They continued their dance for a few minutes until Jane messed it up again. This time Rufus groans in pain. \"What are you doing?\" He whispers. \"I thought you said you've done this before.\" He made sure that the King Tirian didn't hear his harsh remark towards Jane. \"I have.\" Jane said back twitching her eyes angrily at Rufus. \"My mind is just not in its' right place today so cut me some slack alright.\" Rufus continues to dance the waltz with her until she felt completely dizzy again. It wasn't because of hunger or lack of energy but everything she's been prepared for in so many years finally built up inside of her all at once. \"Stop it!\" Jane yelled. Rufus lets go of her and steps back. \"Are you alright my daughter?\" Tirian asked concerned. Jane pants as she felt all the pressure rush to her head and face. \"I just can't do this right now. I'm sorry everyone but I think it'll be best if we rehearsed on a different day instead of today.\" She looks at her father she had no idea if he was angry, concerned anymore or just disappointed. She had no idea what he thought of her at that moment. \"I'm sorry everyone just please excuse me.\" Jane walks fast out of the ballroom, down the stairs and out of the castle where she stood to the edge of the bridge ready for her unfallen and held back tears to stream down her face. She rests her head on the railing made of stone. Once the tears came she only swipes them away before they reached her cheeks. She wanted out of this situation so bad. She wept for minutes and didn't care the passerby's thought about her. She didn't care if Ciera and her friends were to come up behind her to see her sobbing like this. At this point the end of the world could come and she would not care. \"Jane?\" The familiar voice made a shiver go up her spine but at the same time she was very glad to hear him. She wiped her eyes more before turning to face Ra. Ra's eyes were big and full of sorrow for her. He walks up to her. \"What happened?\" He touches her beneath one of her eyes and wipes a tear away with his thumb. Jane wanted to tell him now but really just about had it. She embraces her arms tightly around Ra only wanting his protection and friendship. Ra embraces Jane back and caresses her arm. \"Is it something your father is making you do or what is going on?\" Ra asked. \"Everything is going wrong.\" Jane said. \"Walk home with me.\" Ra nods and walks her home with his arm around her shoulder all the way there.[Chapter 11] I'm on a roll. Here's chapter 11 already so please enjoy ;) 8,000 B.C. The boy jumps out of the soft bed the next morning feeling a lot better than ever. His dizziness was gone except he felt a small pain where he had hit his head yesterday. However he ignored the pain in his head and went out to look for Kames. They had talked almost all night about Pharaohs. The boy had no idea that there was such a person who ruled an entire village. Kames made it sound like a large one at that. He did believe in leaders and rules but a ruler over everything, no. And the council, the Pharaohs right hand men he never thought would exist at all. This Pharaoh business sounded like he very well off and had a lot of protection, councils, guards, slaves and a large tomb of many rooms, foods and art. It was the kind of stuff the boy only thought existed in dreams. The village on the outside was larger than the one he came from. It wasn't at all shaped in a circle but varied where if people wanted their own space to work, had their own space of crops and animals, whatever they wanted they had it. Some of the village people looked at the boy and instead of frowning or looking suspiciously at him they smiled. After they smiled and the boy would smile back they went back to their work like normal people. This was the place the boy felt like he had always belonged to. The village was getting bigger as he walked stretching really far onto hill tops. The boy thought that in the near future if he wanted to make his home in the village he already knew and saw the exact spot where he would begin to build it. The only hill tops that was deserted of huts and there was a little river flow between them. It looked relaxing and could definitely live here for the rest of his life. Everything felt perfect and at harmony. The boy spots Kames with a young boy, probably two or three years younger than himself. He didn't want to bother him because it looked like a father and son. He would know because he and his father used to do exactly what they were doing. Kames was teaching his son how to sharpen his spear and were having target practice and every time his son would do something right the father would congratulate him with a hug or if the boy did something wrong the father would hug him anyways and whisper words of encouragement. Watching this made the boy rethink all his memories of his own father and how much he missed being around him. Kames notices the boy and looks to his boy saying something and tiny boy runs to the other children of his age as Kames walks over. \"That is my son Hauk.\" Kames said. \"He reminds me a little bit like you. Anyways I just found out where Pacis is heading with your friend we should make it there by night fall.\" The boy manages a smile at Kames. \"Thank you.\" After lunch, kames began to set up two of his horses strapping them down and filling some canteens with water and brought a few sharp weapons one of them slinging from his harness. It was a type of sword that had a curvy tip. \"Can you ride?\" Kames asked the boy. The boy nods. \"I've ridden a camel all the way out here.\" Kames laughs. \"Riding a horse should be a lot more simpler and faster.\" Kames led the boy to his horse and tried to help the boy on top but the boy mounts the horse by himself with no trouble at all. Kames mounts his and they ride off into the sunset. Kames was right, the horses really did move faster than camels. Already they came upon a harder surface of ground instead of sand dunes anymore surrounded by tropical trees and soon were riding along a long and wide river. The horses came to a stop so James and the boy mounted off the horses to take a break as they grazed the dry grass and drank the water from the river. After about thirty minutes later they mount on the horses and continue on their journey. Coming to a clearing with the sun almost setting the boy's jaw drops with what he saw in the horizon behind taller hills stood a tall landscape. It looked to be made out of hard sand and it is shaped like a triangle. He thought it was amazing and never knew something like that could ever be handmade. Getting closer a different landscape arose behind the triangular one. This time it was a tall rectangular landscape with odd openings, windows and a long tall ramp. \"We'll reach it in half an hour.\" Kames calls from his horse to the boy. The boy nods unable to take his eyes away from the landscapes. It looked almost as if he was standing on either landscape he could be able to touch the sun. He's never even seen a mountain as tall as them. He felt very intimidated nearing it but first in between the hills he saw an even larger village and the people dressed in very long drape clothing especially cloths that hid their faces. Everything he was seeing was all completely new to him. Huts were even built on top of each other and on skinny wood. Some of the wood were made into stairs. He could swear there were at least eight rows of huts on top of each other. Unlike the other villages he's seen this village looked dirty and uncomfortable. The stench was unbearable, it smelt like rotting corpses that need to be buried far away the boy thought. \"She should be in here somewhere.\" Kames said and the boy gave him an awkward look raising his eyebrow. \"I thought you said she was going somewhere good.\" The boys' voice grew angrier. \"She even told me it was going to be good. Did you lie to us?\" \"No I didn't. And her purpose being here is for a good reason.\" Kames explained. \"Now keep your mouth shut like I said.\" The boy kept his mouth shut with his eyes narrowed. What did he mean about Nekta's purpose? For what? Nothing made sense right now and now he had wished Kames would've explained more before they got there. He wanted to know the purpose so much now. The boy looks around for Nekta seeing if he can spot her out in the rowdy crowd. A long time it felt like that went by and the boy had no sign of finding Nekta. He felt like giving up and before he decided to tell this to Kames something happened. \"Pacis,\" Kames called. As this middle aged man turned to see Kames the boy lowered his eyes, right behind Pacis stood Nekta. Nekta didn't see her friend when he did but once she did see him she looked really shocked and excited. She mouthed his name and smiled. The boy smiles back at her. Something inside of him felt whole again seeing her. \"Kames my loyal guard.\" Pacis said coming up to greet him and looks at the boy. \"And who are you?\" Before the boy could say anything Kames introduced him instead. \"This is my newest slave. I traded for him yesterday. We come for supplies at the market.\" He then eyes the little girl. \"Pacis would you mind it if this young girl here could show this boy to the market? I need to discuss some things with you.\" 'No not at all, Nekta.\" Pacis snaps. Kames took the boys horse reigns as he mounts off and hands him some coins and winks. The boy grins a little and walks by Nekta's side as she led him. \"What are you doing here?\" Nekta asked in a whisper. The boy looks at Nekta dumbfounded. \"What do you mean what am I doing here? You're my friend and I wanted to find you.\" \"It's great to see you don't get me wrong.\" Nekta says with a playful hit on the boys arm. \"It's just this place can be a danger. Not to me but for you, you've got to get away from here.\" \"No, I don't care.\" Said the boy. \"Kames was talking to me about you having a good purpose to be here and what is that purpose?\" \"I don't want to talk about that out here.\" Nekta said pulling his arm up to the market. \"Now get what you came here for and go home.\" \"Nekta I came all this way for you so please come back with me.\" The boy urges. \"I can't\" Nekta spoke in a plain tone. \"Why not?\" The boy asked a little taken aback. Nekta was about to answer his question until a sound of screams are heard and a hardened stone fell from the top of one of the hills crashing into a few huts and the stairs. People quickly ran out of its' way. Everyone stares around startled as it hits the ground below. An awful look crosses Pacis' face. Present Day Ra sat in the living room with Tristan while Jane was outside with her mother Queen Jill trying to calm her daughter with words of encouragement. \"I wonder if she told father.\" Tristan said in low tone. Ra looks at him confused. \"Told him what?\" \"Jane missed her last finals today.\" Tristan said. \"Not purposely but she is now failed. They only way she can finish it is if she tells her father about it and gets permission to finish.\" Ra shrugs still confused. \"Why doesn't she just tell him about it then?\" \"She doesn't want to tell him before the party.\" Tristan said. \"I don't know it's like all she wants to do is please our father all the time.\" Ra finally got it narrowing his eyes, he knew Jane's father was to blame about everything and why Jane feels like she is going to miss out on so much because she feels the need to always please him for what he wants for her. Tristan was already nervous for possibly getting grounded for not telling King Tirian about Jane missing her finals that he was really quiet. They sat in silence for a while in the dark room until the front door of the house opens and King Tirian's voice sounds off \"Jane honey?\" Ra cringes furiously. Tristan speaks up. \"Father she is in the back with mother.\" Tirian walks in the room \"Your sister ran out on rehearsal today and where were you Tristan?\" Tristan held up his hands in defense. \"It's not my Ball party and I did everything I could last night, your welcome father.\" Ra felt sorry for Tristan then, this King really placed a lot of stress on his own kids he could tell. \"That's right I'm sorry son.\" King Tirian said and looks on the opposite side of Tristan seeing Ra. \"Ah it's nice to see you again.\" Ra only nods and looks away from Tirian. \"I found Jane outside of the castle crying so I brought her back here.\" Tirian looks concerned. \"What was she crying about?\" Ra is now beginning to have enough with this oblivious man. He even wondered if Tirian was ever thinking he is ever acting oblivious too. It would be hard not to. Ra looks over at Tirian again. He was going try and sound convincing as possible instead of sounding enraged which he already was. \"Your Majesty I believe that Jane doesn't want to live the life you want for her. And she's obviously tired of trying to please you all the time.\" Tristan looks nervously at Ra and King Tirian crosses his arms staring down at Ra with his face getting hard at first it looked like he wanted to laugh but Ra could see this becoming serious already. \"And what makes you so sure about that and the life of what I want for my own daughter?\" Tirian asked harshly. \"With all due respect, but it's very obvious.\" Ra said as he gets up from the chair he sat in. \"She's not looking forward to getting married in a year from now to some stranger and she wants to do more in life when she is still young. I really think it's irrational of you to-,\" Ra couldn't finish his sentence when Tirian grabs Ra around his collar and slams him against the closest wall in the room. \"Dad,\" Tristan quickly gets up in support for Ra. \"Not now Tristan,\" King Tirian demanded. Ra bares his teeth trying to get loose from Tirian's grasp. Jill and Jane run in from outside, they looked very distraught. Jane gasps. \"Dad let him go!\" Tirian had his hand tightened on Ra's throat. Ra was literally trying to gasp for air. \"Dad!\" Jane screams again. Tirian narrows his eyes at Ra. \"I want you out of here now.\" Tirian releases his grip on Ra. Ra collects some air as he was released and loosens his collar a little not taking his eyes off of Tirian. \"How ironic.\" Ra said sarcastically. \"I expected better manners from you king.\" With that Ra runs out of the room. Tirian turns to see his daughter Jane. She gave him a very angry look. She's never looked at her father that way and never did she believe she ever would. Jane shoves past her father to go after Ra. The look on her fathers face was devastating. Jane heard the door slam in the foyer so she hurried to open the door herself. Jane opens the door wide open and catches Ra walking away from the property fast. \"Ra wait up!\" She closes the door behind her. To Jane's surprise Ra stops and sees her following him. She didn't think he would stop for her. It was very pitch dark outside and the temperature outside dropped to about 54 degrees. \"Ra please come back inside. It's cool out and you have nowhere to go.\" Jane pleaded as she caught up with him. \"No thank you.\" Ra walks away slowly because he knew Jane would follow him anyway. Jane follows beside him. \"Well where do you plan on going then?\" Jane asked. \"I'll just stay in the barn.\" Ra points and Jane looks. Her family never kept animals in that barn so her and Tristan as little kids made it their own place to play, or go alone when they wanted to think about things. Nevertheless she thought Ra was acting crazy. \"Ra dont and quit acting ridiculous.\" Jane gasps and pulls on his arm. \"Please come back inside.\" Ra still walks toward the barn with Jane tugging his arm and eventually she gave up when they came up to it. Ra was not taking no for an answer. He opens the barn doors. \"Anyways I'm going to sleep. I'll see you tomorrow?\" Ra lays down on a stock of hay and when he heard no reply from Jane he got worried and then the doors close, he looks up and sees Jane standing there in front of the doors. \"I'm going to stay with you. You shouldn't be here by yourself.\" Jane said sitting beside Ra. Ra chuckles. \"Your father will probably be looking for you.\" He said. Jane shrugs. \"I'm not worried.\" Jane throws herself back resting her head and Ra does the same and gradually the both of them fell asleep side by side.[Chapter 12] This chapter was very hard to upload since there was an error with it so I uploaded one of my other word documents, erased it and pasted the chapter in here. Smart move huh? ;) Anyways enjoy. Ra wakes up the next morning not forgetting about last night. \"Jane are you-,\" He stretches his arms really high and looks to the left side with Jane no longer being there. He shrugs looking to the right side and sees a hand held out for him. Tristan stands there with a smirk. \"You know you really didn't have to sleep here last night. My father took off just five minutes after you did.\" Ra glances at Tristan's hand and back at him. \"How long have you been standing there?\" Ra asked cautiously. \"Two minutes tops.\" Tristan replied. \"Jane let me know where you were just now. She had to go to rehearsal early.\" Ra was ready to get up and appreciated Tristan's hand gesture to help him up so he gave him his only hand and Tristan helped him up. \"So I see you take a liking in my sister.\" Tristan winked. \"Well she's a very great friend. I don't get great friends often.\" Ra said twisting his neck muscles slowly. \"Ra,\" Tristan looks at him with an obvious smirk. \"I know that you like, like her. And to be honest she deserves you. I'm on your side man.\" Ra smiles thinking away from that moment to somewhere else, and suddenly shakes his head. \"I already told Jane how I feel about her. She rejected me on the spot.\" He leans on a wooden stall almost depressed. \"She rejected you because she is scared.\" Tristan points out. \"I know my sister a lot. I know she cares deeply about you and I know she wants to be with you as much as you want her.\" Ra laughs almost in a chuckle but mostly because he was growing a bit annoyed. \"Why you asked her all of this or something?\" \"No, it's in both of your eyes.\" Tristan said. \"Believe me it's very obvious.\" Ra stood quietly. He didn't know much else to say on the subject. All he knew is that the feelings he had for Jane would not go away, nor the simple fact that she reminded him of someone very special to him in the past before. He couldn't and there was no way to let it go. It saddened him that he couldn't make Jane his. \"Just,\" Tristan began again. \"Please, just don't give up on her yet. Jane should turn around. You'll see.\" Ra felt a slight hope build inside of him after Tristan's encouraging words. Throughout the day Tristan taught Ra how to swordfight and occasionally called Ra his Brother-in-Law. Ra picked up on the sword fighting very quickly. He had remembered studying it on planets many times, well the alien. Still it was deeply embedded in his memory. Jane walks into the grand ballroom with her father arm in arm. Jane wore a light lavender dress and wore her hair in a wavy half pony tail. Tirian glances at his daughter still looking a tad rough from last night. \"Do you think I'm being irrational about anything?\" He asked Jane. Jane shakes her head and lies. \"No, not at all.\" She said bluntly. Of course she didn't think her father would notice even if her lie were obvious, he was still under too much stress she could see. They neared the entrance and Rufus stood with his mother. The first thing Jane noticed was that Rufus looked to be wearing thicker boots this time around. They were even more thicker than her own. Jane lightly chuckles to herself. \"Well now,\" The Duchess of the Lone Islands spoke in an apathetically tone. \"I hope that Princess Jane doesn't run out on rehearsal this time.\" She gives Jane a harsh cockeyed stare. \"No ma'm,\" Jane said in an almost stern way back. She could feel some of Ra's sarcastic mannerisms rub off of her and it felt good releasing it to do so. The Duchess begins to fan herself as if it was scorching hot in the palace which it wasn't. \"Mother I don't want to-,\" Rufus mumbles in a mono tone to the duchess and she slaps his arm and brushes off his arm as if she didn't just slap him. \"Shut up dear Rufus and ask the Princess for a dance.\" The Duchess forces her son. Rufus frowns at first but encourages a smile on his face as he bows to Jane and Jane does a quick and somewhat flat curtsey. He takes her arm gently and walks her in the middle of the ballroom. Jane looks sideways seeing her father leave the room. No, don't leave, she thought. She was in a room alone with people whom she really didn't know how to get along with. However neither of them in the room talked, it only consisted of dance. The duchess still stood in the same spot fanning herself. Though Jane was doing a lot better than yesterday she still felt very awkward and didn't feel like she was having a bit of fun either. Her older brother Tanier came in to watch later on. It felt like the right amount of time went by to take a break so she stopped Rufus. \"How about we take a ten minute break?\" She said and Rufus nods. When Jane walks towards her brother Tanier the duchess quits fanning herself and threw a tantrum. \"Why are you stopping why? Rufus come here!\" Jane ignores the both of them. \"Please get me out of here now or kill me.\" Jane whispers to Tanier. Tanier stands straight and stern. \"Father got caught up in a meeting and wanted me to fill in here to see how you were.\" \"I'm doing terrible, and I'm uncomfortable,\" Jane said in a loud whisper but didn't cross the room for the Duchess and Rufus to hear. \"Just give it another hour Jane. In a few more days this will all be over.\" Tanier assured Jane. Jane scowls and walks away from her brother. \"No it won't be.\" She whispered to herself. She and Rufus continued on until an instructor came. A short man well in his 50's thought them some new moves especially when they would have to switch partners. That went on for what felt like hours and by then Jane was reaching the point of annoyance and exhaustion. \"Don't move your feet there, stand closer together. Did I say you can raise your arm? No. So put it down. No sitting down, get up this isn't your bedroom. \" The instructor would bicker a lot, it made Jane want to choke everyone in the room starting with the short instructor. She never got this so overwhelmed nor ever thought of violent acts like that ever before. She was going to break, again. It was going to be very ugly but thankfully rehearsal had ended so every bit of anger that built up inside of her released as she sat down and the instructor did not bicker, thank goodness. She pants silently. Tanier offered his hand to his sister. Jane glances at it for a second and ignores it as she gets up not looking at her brother and walks furiously out of the ballroom.[Chapter 13] Here's chapter 13. I know I know Moonchild. I feel your agony I want to get to writing the romantic first kiss too and don't worry it's coming sooner then you think I promise. Thanks for sticking around this long on my story. You're a true trooper. Enjoy :) 8,000 B.C. The huge lump of hardened rock didn't smash on top of anyone, but Pacis looked more than just furious. He got prepared to blame somebody and fast. On top the hill a slave stood there with an arched back full of sweat rolling off of his now very pale face. \"You!\" Pacis points up at the man. \"Guards seize him!\" He ordered. The guards came in different directions, one pushing the poor slave over to his knees and two others from opposite directions grabbing the mans arms on each ends pulling him up. \"I did not do this please have mercy.\" The slave pleaded with every amount he had. Pacis ignored him. \"Seize the other two beside him as well.\" The guards seize the others. \"You are just as guilty as your accomplices beside you slave.\" Pacis said. The boy gulps and takes Nekta's hand beside him scared for the poor men who looked very frightened as if they already knew what was going to become of them. Nekta squeezes his hand back. \"How many whip marks have they got?\" Pacis asked the guards. The guards check the slaves backs and nodded their heads. \"Yes Pacis.\" They all said. \"Give them certain death then.\" Pacis ordered with a grin on his face. 'They'll only displease the Pharaoh even more alive.\" The guards grip the slaves heads back and they plead even more now than ever for their lives. With their other hands the guards grip their swords from sheaths raising them high and then down straight across the slaves throats. Nekta and the boy turn their heads with their eyes closed shut. The crowds scream and the guards push the bodies they just killed in a steep hole. The other slaves went back to work and some dumped loose mud over the bodies burying them inside what they were building. The boy grips Nekta's hand to go with him. \"This place is horrible, come with me now,\" The boy forces trying to pull Nekta along with him. \"Stop it alright.\" Nekta loosens her grip from the boy. \"You'll get us both into trouble. Just go home please.\" The boy was about to say something else until Kames took him by the wrist. \"No!\" The boy shouts. Pacis turns to look at Kames and the boy. \"Kames,\" Pacis said. \"Learn to control your slave at once before he develops-,\" The boy spat at Pacis. Pacis looks down between his feet where his spat fell and back at the boy. The boys eyes were enraged more than his baring teeth were. Pacis studies the boys posture, like a warrior, and the muscles the boy already had. He also looked at Nekta who looked worried for the boy and back at Kames. \"Are you sure that this boy here is just a slave Kames?\" \"I found him yesterday and took him in as my slave yes.\" Kames said. \"He seems a lot more worthy and headstrong to actually be a slave.\" Pacis said looking at the boy again. The enraged look on the boys face subsides slowly. Pacis continues. \"Perhaps someone like him is what our very own Pharaoh is indeed looking for.\" \"I only came here to take my friend Nekta home with me.\" The boy spoke sternly. \"Really?\" Pacis says in a low calm voice and glances at Kames and back at the boy. \"Well what if you can live up there with Nekta and the councilmen in a grand skyscraper?\" Pacis points to the large rectangular shape the boy had seen earlier. It was by the great river with boats sailing to and fro the other sides. The boy thought for a few seconds looking from Kames, Pacis whom he did feel terrified of and finally Nekta. The friend he longs to be with forever and their friendship was what he called home. \"I accept your offer.\" The boy said. Nekta gasps. He had fallen for Pacis' trap. A trap of no escape for what he was going to train her dear friend to become. \"Excellent,\" Pacis throws his long skinny arms around the boy and Nekta. 'This causes for a celebration, you must meet the Pharaoh at once.\" Kames looked worried for the little boy. The boy knew it too but he'd rather be with his friend Nekta more than anything. Pacis walks the children up further in the large village up to the Pharaohs quarters. Present Day Jane arrives home later in the afternoon and very tired that she didn't even notice anything or anyone around her. She decided she would go to sleep really early. That's what she thought she needed most since she was lacking sleep for a couple of nights now. She made her way to the door and before opening it she thought about Ra and saw that the barn doors were open. She didn't see Ra anywhere and thought he must be around somewhere and suddenly she heard swords collide with each other, in the woods she could make out Ra and Tristan playfully fighting with the swords. She smiles and walks into the house with a really big yawn. Jane gets out of her dress as soon as she reached her room and closes the door instead of waiting to take it off in her bathroom, she quickly dips in the tub to wash and gets out before she drifted off in there. With a clean white gown she throws it on and was about to go to bed when she heard laughter below her big window. Jane makes her way to the mountain seeing Tristan and Ra nearing the end of their sword fight. She mainly smiled down at Ra studying his movements. He was so good at doing it even without his right hand he knew how to block every move Tristan made on him. The swordplay ended and the boys patted each others back. With a final yawn and glance at Ra, jane closed her curtains back to where they were and climbed in bed falling asleep instantly. 8,000 B.C. Nekta and the boy had met the Pharaoh. And the Pharaoh was quite impressed with the boy's efforts of spear throwing in his court. The pharaoh knew that the boy would grow to be a fine guard, even perhaps a leader. After everything bad had happened that day the boy felt it was an honor to meet the Pharaoh and hear his kind and encouraging words from him too. That night the boy was very happy to find out that the children who stayed in the Great House which is what they all called it who lived there, lived in the same quarters. Nekta had a scowl on her face and carried a lit torch the entire time they were walking to their quarters to go to sleep. \"Nekta wait. Why are you so furious and ignoring me?\" The boy eventually asked. \"I'm not furious at you.\" Nekta said a little saddened rolling her eyes. \"I just can't believe you. Do know how much you are putting at risk with yourself being here?\" \"Nekta in case you didn't notice I put myself at risk being just about anywhere.\" The boy said a bit sarcastically. \"I don't belong anywhere else.\" \"Then why choose here?\" Nekta turns to him. The boy didn't want to tell her the real reason. \"Like I said I came to take you home and since I cannot do that then I'll stay here with you.\" Nekta phishes and continues until they came to the room with about five other children, all younger and one older young boy who was about thirteen or fourteen. Nekta introduced her friend to everyone while she place the burning torch in a holder on the wall. There was only one window n the entire room that was pretty spacious. The boy was pleased to meet everyone and soon they all made their beds the way they wanted them. No hay, the boy thought this was great. A lot of softly made pillows you can sink your head into and lots of soft covers. Everyone had passed out except for the boy and Nekta who laid beside each other. \"Why are you so worried of me being here with you?\" The boy asked silently not to wake the others up. Nekta tilts her head to look at him. She takes a deep breath and exhales silently. \"Forget about it I'm glad you're here.\" The boy knew she was still bothered. He could see her face, even in the dark, the moonlight from the window casted highlights around the room and also her voice was flat. \"Please tell me Nekta.\" He said concerned. \"You do realize now that most of these rulers could be dictators.\" Nekta said. \"I don't want you to become that or worse.\" \"Why did you lie and tell me this would be good for you then?\" The boy asked his whisper getting a little louder. \"For me it is.\" Nekta said. \"I'm here for a much different purpose then you. I don't feel like explaining it now so I'll see you tomorrow.\" Nekta tilts her head back and rolls over to the opposite side. The boy didn't say anything else. He stayed up a while longer thinking and gradually fell asleep.[Chapter 14] Okay I'm literally proud of this chapter and finally a long waited question is finally answered in here so yay. I dedicated this chapter to the song Undisclosed Desires by Muse. I just thought of the song while writing this and ended up listening to it over and over while writing this. Please enjoy. Present Day Jane woke the next day feeling somewhat refreshed after going to sleep very early. Thankfully she was told rehearsal won't last as long today because of more decorating that needed to be done. After she got ready pulling over a blue dress and putting all of her up she darts down the hallway and turns the banister skipping two steps and almost runs into Ra as he was coming up. Ra catches Jane by her waist as she almost slipped and Ra grabs hold of the banister to keep them both from falling down. \"Thanks.\" Was all Jane had to say when they both took a moment to get over the, whiplash? Ra only smiles and nods, he knew she was in an obvious hurry so he moves out of the way for her. Both were very speechless and Ra walks to the top of stairs as Jane still lingered wanting to say something but nothing came from her mind. She knew exactly what to say but she couldn't so she continues down the stairs with the shake of her head and biting hard on her bottom lip squinting her eyes. Ra just stood there at the top of the stairs watching her go and softly face palms himself. He felt deep down he really needed her and he was out of words to say to her except \"I need you.\" But he knew she wouldn't listen to him. 8,000 B.C. Morning came and the boy and Nekta did not exchange one word to each other that entire morning. Nekta sat down with Shani a little five year old who wanted her hair braided and Nekta began braiding the little girls hair for her. The boy sat on the ledge of the only window in the room looking outside wondering if anyone was going to let them out of that room. He wanted his spear back or he wanted to go and run, he wanted to do at least something instead of being locked up in that room where guards blocked the entrance all the time it seemed. The boy props his elbow on his lifted knee on the ledge balling up his fist that is rested on his chin. His right leg swings back and forth against the rough stone beneath the ledge. They were very far up. If he made one mistake and fell he would definitely fall about 60 stories. All the people below looked like little ants. A few of the other boys in the room played games on teasing the Pharaoh which didn't interest the boy at all. He thought the Pharaoh was very nice and didn't want to tease him in way at all. \"I am Daurcis,\" The boy named Tukus said in a husky teasing voice standing on top one of the couches beneath Typhon, the fourteen year old in the room that can almost easily pass as a eighteen year old twirling a piece of fabric looking very annoyed. Tukus continues. \"Bow to your pharaoh at once for I cannot bow to myself with my double head about my shoulders.\" Talking about the masked crown the Pharaoh wears on top of his head. Tukus used a rolled up blanket for that. \"Moron,\" Typhon exclaims. \"Get the hell off the couch like that and shut up before a guard hears you.\" \"Is that the way to speak to your Pharaoh insolent boy? You shall be whipped five times.\" Tukus yells. \"Learn your place boy!\" Some of the boys laugh and Typhon gets up with angry balled up fists and the boys booed seeing the look on Typhon's face as he gripped Tukus by the arm. The boy on the ledge jolts his head until the door was actually being opened and a guard walks in and takes Nekta by the arm swiftly. At that point the boy quickly leaps off the edge and on the floor in the room ready to protect his friend if it came to that point. \"The Pharaoh would like to see you now.\" He tells Nekta and she nods getting up and following him out of the room. One of the other guards comes in taking a rolled up blanket off one of the boys head swipes his hand against the back of his head too. \"There will be no insolent acts about our great Pharaoh.\" He eyes him and everyone else around the room before walking out and closing the door again. After a few seconds the boy finally speaks up. \"Do any of you know of Nekta's purpose here?\" Everyone shook their heads and Typhon replies to the boy. \"We are all here for different reasons. It's also best that we all get our heads out of every ones business why we are here too.\" \"She's my friend so I have to know somehow.\" The boy said hopelessly. \"Well if you're really friends then she'll tell you because none of us knows.\" Typhon said resting his head back as he grips Tukus away to the other side of him and sits down on the couch and relaxes closing his eyes. \"I think I can assist you in your question.\" Zuka, one of the boys at least nine years old said. \"Zuka,\" Typhon said sternly. \"I don't think so.\" \"What is he talking about?\" Tukus said confused. \"Shut up,\" Typhon exclaims again. \"Will all of you just drop it.\" Zuka ignores Typhon's wishes and throws back a woven looking carpet pinned to the wall. \"You may be the oldest one in this room Typhon,\" Zuka said. \"But you're not the boss of us all.\" \"Zuka,\" Typhon stands firmly from the couch. \"If you get caught it'll be on us all.\" \"Don't count on it Typhon.\" Zuka said sarcastically removing a piece of stone rock from the wall. \"Come on, help me here.\" The boy and Tukus quickly helped Zuka remove it quietly. \"You're all nuts.\" Typhon says sinking back into the couch while Shani just sat down watching everything go on twisting and playing with her hair braid. Once the stone was placed down Zuka leaped up to the hole in the wall and crawled through to the other side. \"Okay. \" Zuka gestured for the boy to follow. \"I want to come too,\" Tukus said. Zuka phished. \"No you're too loud. Help him up for goodness sake.\" The boy leaps into the hole too and Tukus helped him a bit by pushing him further in there and Zuka grabs hold of his arms. \"It's really dark in here so watch your step.\" Zuka told the boy. He helps him down too. It smelt really bad in that dark room of dust and mold, the boy held his nose shut with his fingers for a while. \"Tukus hand me that torch by the door.\" Zuka said. Tukus walks to the door taking the torch gently hoping not to slide it against the holder and succeeds giving it to Zuka through the hole. Once Zuka got it he also gets the boys arm to follow him. \"What is this?\" The boy asked. \"This is a chamber room where they used to keep the dead royal bodies. Now they are placed in tombs. Those are far away from here.\" Zuka replies in a quiet whisper. They soon begin to walk up a spiral staircase and into a hallway that looked familiar. Zuka quickly grabs the boy back and hid themselves behind a wall where two guards marched with each other down the hall. Zuka and the boy continue and always kept their eyes and ears open around every corner they turned. \"This way,\" Zuka said jogging up another staircase and the boy does the same behind him. At the top was a balcony that looks over the Pharaoh's council room. Zuka sticks the torch in a holder and hid in the darkest area they could find in there quietly since the faintest noise made an echo in the entire room. The only light was casted from mirrors that reached the very bottom of the room where Nekta stood with a guard by her side. \"Omri, I am ready.\" The Pharaoh said from his throne. An elderly hunchback man walks towards Nekta slowly using a cane. \"Give the young girl some space.\" Omri said to the guard and he nods politely stepping back. He carried what looked like a golden jar in his other hand. It was being swung about, like specks of smoke carried around the swinging too. Omri mumbles some words in a different language that the boy has never heard before in his life. It sounded like it couldn't be anything. Was he perhaps singing it in a way nobody could understand? The boy looks at Nekta and she looked very mesmerized following the golden jar back and forth with her pupils, her expression very thoughtless. This made the boy grow nervous. Omri brings his hands up to the girls face holing her cheeks looking deeply into her lost unblinking eyes. \"Ask her again,\" The Pharaoh said. \"When is the Sun God Ra coming here and his purpose of coming as well.\" Omri asks Nekta in gibberish again. Nekta was very still at first and everything was quiet that even the boy held his breath. Nekta takes in a deep inhale as her head threw back and dips in front again. She began to shake. The boys jaw dropped frightened for Nekta. It went on for a minute and even Zuka and the boy had to cover their mouths from making noise. The shaking ceased in Nekta. She was alright again and blinking with some natural color coming back. Everyone in the room watched her. \"Well, what did you see child?\" The Pharaoh asked. \"I saw maybe six to seven years of this happening.\" Nekta said. \"It is looking for a Host it said.\" \"Explain,\" The Pharaoh ordered. Nekta took a moment to gather everything she got before going on. \"It can't live in its' own body so he'll choose a human here to live eternally. \"What do you mean?\" The Pharaoh exclaims. \"Our Sun God will choose a human to have eternal life?\" \"As his host yes.\" Nekta replies. \"Ra will live inside the human.\" The Pharaoh leans forward fascinated. \"Do you perhaps know of the human he'll take as his as you call host?\" \"No,\" Nekta bows nervously. \"I do not know who however it will happen.\" The boy couldn't believe what he just saw and heard. Nekta was psychic. All this time and she didn't tell him that. Suddenly a hand goes over his mouth and Zuka's as well and they were hauled out of their both kids kicking trying to release the spontaneous grasp. Once they made it to the staircase the guard speaks. \"Calm down will you it's me, Kames.\" The boy turns around and relaxes breathing a sigh of relief to see that it was Kames. He was beginning to really trust him now too. \"Wait who are you and are we in trouble?\" Zuka asked. \"No I'll accompany you two down to where you came from but this will be our own little secret.\" Kames winks at the both of them. \"So I take it you didn't know that about your friend did you?\" He asked the boy. \"She should've told me she was psychic.\" The boy replied a little disappointed. \"I would've understood.\" \"She's not only that.\" Kames said. \"She one of the last of her kind who are shaman.\" \"Shaman?\" The boy asked curiously. Kames takes a deep breath before explaining and they began to walk too. \"Shaman are people who are connected to the universe, even the Gods or God. They can see signs or visions to come.\" The shaman thing sounded quite neat to the boy, he even wondered if she saw him coming or for the very reason she didn't want him there made him think too. Kames left the boys at the spiral staircase and went on alone back into the closed room. They were both happy that none of the guards realized they were gone. Now the boy looked forward to either confronting Nekta what she hadn't told him when he thought she really should've. He didn't know what to do or how to approach it.[Chapter 15] Enjoy the Read. Older reviewers, I miss you a heck of a lot. Present Day A few days went by and all Jane and Ra could do was glance at each other at times when the other wasn't looking and occasionally talk about their days when Jane was off at rehearsal. Jane always felt really busy and now today was the day of her and Tristan's birthday and the Ball. Jane just wanted it over and done with already. Jane is now doing last minute fitting in a village store privately. Tristan and Ra who now gained as best friends waited outside patiently. \"So,\" Tristan said. \"Are you going to go tonight?\" \"I don't n-know,\" Ra stuttered. He thought back to the night when King Tirian got angry with him and shivered at the question. \"I think I would feel out of place there if I went.\" \"Jane wants you to go.\" Tristan said leaning against a post. \"Perhaps she'll save you for a dance.\" Ra rolled his eyes but gave a simple grin while he did it. Tristan frowns and Ra hears a familiar annoying voice behind him. \"Look everyone,\" Flynn said with a group of some friends and Ciera. \"Plain Jane has finally decided to act like a girl for once.\" \"Hold your tongue Flynn.\" Tristan scowls. \"You know I'm standing right here you idiot.\" \"Yes I know you're standing there with Ja right?\" Flynn said throwing his arm around Ra and Ra quickly shoves Flynn's arm away. \"Don't ever lay a finger nail on me.\" Ra jolts getting in Flynn's face angry in a threatening way. Flynn backs off with his hands up. \"Sorry.\" He then chuckles. \"It obviously takes a true lunatic to back up miss plain Jane who will never-.\" Ra grew even more angry inside gritting his teeth he hauls after Flynn ringing his arm around his neck and swings him onto the ground where Flynn laid on his back. He tries to get up but Ra was too quick and pins him back on the ground by kicking him back down. Flynn's friends who were girls ran screaming to a different porch and watched rooting for Flynn. \"Get up, get him Flynn!\" Ciera was crying out. Flynn releases one of his arms loose, balling up his fist he strikes Ra on the nose. Ra grabs Flynn's shoulders and slams him on the ground really hard, picks him up and slams him again into a wooden post. Now Tristan was really rooting for Ra. \"You stupid fool Flynn!\" Ciera screams. Jane was just finishing up doing her dress fitting and came outside to see Ra pinning Flynn to the ground again after he punched him. Ra continued the punches twice once he was on top and by then Flynn waved his hands in surrender but Ra kept throwing his punches. Flynn was covered in his own blood from nose to throat. \"Ra!\" Jane screamed as she ran up to them. Ra stops and turns to see Jane. Ra's features changes from enraged to dismay. His eyes went from squints to full and breathed abnormally in his chest seeing Jane. Jane had a few tears running down her eyes as she looked at him very bitterly. She grits her teeth and jolts away shoving into her brother Tristan and stomps off. Ra gets up and didn't once look at Flynn as he follows Jane silently and distantly from Jane. He could feel the blood inside his nose seep through and eventually made it to his lips where he swipes it with his hand. Jane tilts her head to see Ra following her from behind looking with just one eye and took a deep breath and stopped for him to catch up. Ra was weary at first when she stopped and eventually caught up at Jane's side. There was a few seconds silence until Jane broke it. \"You're bleeding again.\" Ra nods his head. \"Only this time it wasn't fatal.\" He swipes again still angry. Jane winces without looking at him. \"It could've been if it wasn't stopped. You really tore Flynn up back there.\" There was another moment of silence this time and Jane finally looks at Ra. \"Why did you do it?\" Jane asked as they came up to the house. \"He was being insulting.\" Ra said not wanting to tell her the real reason. Jane opens the door and they both walk in. \"They insult me almost every day but I've never thrown a slap at them ever.\" She takes a towel out of the kitchen and pours water on it. \"Don't tell you have never thought about doing it once.\" Ra said in an honest tone. \"Actually I have.\" Jane said and Ra could hear a hint of laughter in her voice when she said that. \"But there is a fine line difference of thinking about it and acting upon it.\" Jane takes the towel and gently swipes the blood away on Ra's face and around his lips under his nose. Ra felt a riveting sensation as Jane was doing this. He looks deep into her eyes and she does the same \"Keep it there for a while the blood should stop dripping soon.\" Jane was about to remove her hand from the towel Ra places his hand on hers. Jane felt her pulse rise, but in a good way. She was very prepared for Ra to lay out his feelings again and at that point she would gladly accept. She still felt stupid about passing him up almost a week ago. Even if she would spend her last year of freedom she would want to spend it with him. \"Thank you Jane,\" His hand slips from hers and takes the towel. Jane bites the bottom side of her lip and winces. \"No problem.\" Jane said softly and smiles. Tristan walks in. \"Ah Jane,\" Tristan wants her attention and she turns to look at him. \"You are needed at Cair Paravel to prepare.\" \"In a minute,\" Jane turns back to Ra. \"It would mean the world to me if you still come tonight.\" Jane lays a hand on Ra's face smoothly and smiles before turning out of the room out the door. \"Ra man,\" Tristan exclaims enthusiastically. \"You really put Flynn in his place.\" \"It was wrong of me to do that,\" Ra said taking Jane's talk into account. \"After beating him I didn't feel any satisfaction I only felt worse. I'm still shaking.\" \"So are you going to go now?\" Tristan asked changing the subject. \"You heard what she said. It would mean the world to her if you went.\" Tristan raised his eyebrow hoping to hear a yes from Ra. Ra gave no answer and walks up the stairs. So does Ra really go? Read the next chapter to find out ;)[Chapter 16] Here's 16 and yes the moment you've all been waiting for too readers. If you want to see what Jane's dress actually looks like go to my page and I have a link that you'll have to copy and paste under the description of my story half way at the bottom. It'll be in bold. I roleplayed this storyline with a Ra roleplayer back in January and then we dedicated it to the song \"All Around Me\" sung by Flyleaf so this chapter and Ra/Jane will be dedicated to the song. Enjoy. Jane came out of the dressing room dressed down in a long gorgeous blue gown. The white straps fell just below her shoulders and wore whit smooth gloves that went all the way up to her elbows. The top of the dress is a v-neck and there are two layers of white straps formed in an upside down V which covered her breast. A long trail of shear light blue fabric cut in a trim on the ends overlaying the inside dress which is a beautiful shiny royal blue opened up at the tip of the upside down V and flowed a few more inches below the end of the overlaying fabric. Mina, Tanier's woman from Archenland and daughter of a Lord, he is currently courting twirls around hanging her fingers prissy and angelic, her hair the color of a noon sun. It was obvious why Tanier fancied Mina because of her elegance but Jane will never understand how Tanier puts up with her personality wise. \"Jane wont you twirl in dress quickly.\" Mina said twirling her finger. Jane exhales annoyingly and twirls once in the gown. Mina gasps in awe and covers her mouth. \"That is such a beautiful dress. I envy you Jane.\" Jane rolls her eyes and Mina takes Jane's wrist and brings her over to the makeup counter. \"Now something to do with your unbrushed hair and naked face,\" Mina said thinking while taking a hair brush out and combs through Jane's knots. Jane makes a couple of painful faces in the process of all the tugging but it was soon over. \"Now what to do with the styling of your hair,\" Mina plays around with Jane's hair. Down, up, sideways and ways Jane didn't think would look good or possible to do. \"I've got it.\" Mina said with an excited epiphany. She began to part Jane's hair in six and began to overlap them leaving the top hair lose and formed a loose braid that took her thirty minutes to make and it came over her right shoulder. Jane had to admit that the dress and the braid looked great. Mina took the front of Jane's hair strands and put the longer ones behind her ears and pinned them underneath the pulled back hair and left the shorter strands in front. \"Perfect,\" Mina said looking at Jane through the big mirror in front of them. \"Now for your face, Jane haven't you ever worn makeup before?\" \"Yes,\" Jane replied. \"Mostly I just wear powder and lipstick.\" Mina inhales nervously. \"Then best prepare yourself for the unknown.\" Mina pulls out a mascara brush from its' bottle and Jane's eyes grew big. \"What is that?\" Jane asked at the point of almost freaking out. \"It's just mascara girl,\" Mina slightly jumps and brings it over to Jane's eye where Jane leans back in her seat and tweaks her head away. \"I don't want any of that stuff or thing near my eye Mina.\" \"Oh for goodness sake Jane,\" Mina inhales. \"Watch I'm going to do mine.\" Mina takes the mascara brush and simply shows that she is brushing her eyelashes which in turn didn't look bad to Jane and she let Mina do her job and Mina brushes Jane's eyelashes, next was the eye shadow and she blended them in layers, Jane's favorite was below her brow that was a shimmering light color. Mina later pats down more powder on Jane's face. \"You also need more color in your cheeks.\" Mina said and began pinching Jane's cheeks. \"Ow,\" Jane exclaims. \"Mina stop!\" Mina still wasn't satisfied with the pinching result on Jane's cheeks. She looks through her eye shadows finding a light shimmering pink and found one. She takes out her brush and dabs a little bit of it on the brush and swipes it on Jane's cheekbones. Mina observes her work. \"Now that looks better. You actually look like a princess now.\" Jane smirks sarcastically and gets up from her chair walking towards a tall mirror and stops to look. She looked very different, for the first time in her life she thought she looked very beautiful and felt that she was too. As she continued to look at every angle she felt she had possibly just popped out of a fairytale book like Cinderella. There came a knock at the door and Mina opens it half way leaving a little crack between the wall so Tanier who stood there couldn't see in. \"My father is wanting to start the ceremony in five minutes.\" He said giving Mina a loving look. \"Jane and I will be out by that time darling, bye.\" Mina blows Tanier a kiss and closes the door. \"Put these on.\" She said handing Jane some high heeled slippers. Jane hand never worn high heels only flat slippers and her boots, at first she thought she could get used to the high heels and as soon as she began to walk around in them all the pressure went down to the tips her toes and it started to hurt so much that she sat down again and felt the pain subside as she squints her eyes and sighs. \"No stand up,\" Mina saw what Jane was doing. \"The only way for it to stop hurting is to break them in by walking in them.\" Jane phishes but stands up anyways. The pressure only built up more and didn't go away. Jane tried to grin and bare it and after tonight she will never wear high heels ever again. Mina picks up a silver and light blue tiara from the counter and places it on top of Jane's head. Mina looked as if she was about to sob over Jane's transformation. \"Thanks,\" Jane said quickly. \"Now lets' get out of here.\" Jane said walking past Mina who sprays Jane with perfume at last minute behind her back. \"Oh,\" Mina exclaims and it makes Jane jump and tilts her head fast. Mina picks up something as Jane turns the doorknob. \"Don't forget these.\" Mina hands Jane a pair of matching earrings and necklace, both a sparkly sea blue. Walking out of the room Jane puts the earrings in her earlobes down the corridor where she met up with her family. \"You look beautiful daughter.\" King Tirian said taking hold of the necklace in Jane's hand and walks behind her locking the silver laces together. \"Thank you father,\" She smiles. \"I'll try to make your proud tonight.\" Jane said once she faces her father, he nods with a smile and kisses his daughters forehead and walked to an announcer telling him that they are ready. Jane passes by her brother Tristan with a stern look. \"Why are you still mad at me?\" Tristan asked confused. Jane stands behind Tristan and crosses her arms. \"I still can't believe you encouraged Ra to fight with Flynn. That was rotten of you.\" \"I didn't encourage him to fight with Flynn.\" Tristan said. \"Well how would you explain yourself rooting him on like I saw you do and why didn't you stop it?\" Jane exclaims in a high sotto tone. \"Because Flynn deserved it after what he says about you,\" Tristan said. \"And honestly I still wish that Ra could've taken down all of them.\" Jane winces her eyes and her features soften a little and she didn't say anything else after that. Downstairs The Duke and Duchess arrive with their son Rufus. Once on top of the grand staircase Rufus walks through the crowd into the ballroom to take his position. The Duchess stands in one spot looking around for a coat hanger to hang her fur coat. \"Harold,\" The Duchess proclaims. \"Do you see a coat hanger anywhere?\" \"No I do not,\" He said without looking around. \"Why did you insist on wearing a coat here anyways? It isn't even cold out.\" \"Nonsense,\" The Duchess proclaims again. \"Who cares about the weather Harold. The coat matches my well made gown.\" She slips out of her coat. \"Do find a hanger somewhere dear. I need to sit down.\" The Duchess throws her coat to the Duke and walks into the ballroom. As he caught the coat it almost brought him down to the ground. Annoyed the Duke phishes at the hideous thing and tosses the coat over the grand staircase with a careless shrug and it lands on the floor below. An announcer comes out on the high balcony. \"Ladies and Gentlemen,\" He announces and every person in the ballroom turned to listen and hushed. \"The King Tirian and Queen Jill of Arnia.\" King Tirian walks out hand in hand with his Queen. The hundreds of people in the ballroom clapped for them as they stood at the balcony and wave royally at the people. They made their way down the steps to the ballroom floor. \"Prince Tanier, and his lovely companion from Archenland Mina,\" The announcer calls as Tanier walks out with Mina and they wave quickly and make their way down the steps. \"Prince Tristan and one of his professors from school.\" Tristan walks up with a quirky grin arm in arm with an older woman, some of the people in the ballroom chuckled and the clapping overpowered that. They made their way down and the announcer announces again, \"Lastly is Princess Jane who will be escorted by soon to be Duke Rufus of the Lone Islands.\" Jane makes her way from the corner and people who she knew and seen her before gasped in awe at how beautiful she looked. She felt very nervous walking down from the platform to the balcony. Before she reached it her left heel twists and almost stumbles. Making it less noticeable she grabs the banister before her and caught her breath, looking out in the crowd she sees Ra that made his way through some of the people below. She was caught off guard at first considering he looked a tad bit different. She couldn't tell at first if it was because of his fancier clothes which was all black and a little white or the fact that he cut his hair. It used to hand low behind his back in a ponytail and now it was worn down a few inches below touching his shoulders and in layers. At the tips of his layers were wavy. But none of those things seemed to surpass what she really thought. Jane began to see him then in a whole new light. The one she knew she needed to complete her half self. Her true love that meant she wanted to spend every second of her entire life with forever by his side. All this time she now understood her longings for Ra. She smiles really big happy to see him there and mouths his name without making a peep. Ra smiles back up at her. After she waves and crosses around to the staircase still touching the banister and never taking her eyes off of Ra as she made her way down where Rufus stood and she slowly blinks and takes Rufus' hand looking at him now. He leads her to a spot between other dancing pairs. Jane glances over Rufus' shoulder at Ra. He returns his glance romantically to her. A few moments later the music begins in a soft symphony tone and the partners began to waltz. As Rufus spins Jane she had lost herself for a moment and coming into his pull she accidently steps on his toe again. \"Jane concentrate will you.\" Rufus whispers. Jane didn't pay attention to his words and as they were spinning faster in the waltz Jane looks out into the crowd for Ra again. She was spinning much and too far into the ballroom that she forgot which way was what or where Ra stood in there. Soon Jane would switch partners, the next one was a prince a year younger than her, a prince from Archenland, then switched to Prince Caraash from Tashbaan. She danced with a few single lords way older then her and it was coming to the final dance. The dance was saved for Rufus and when the timing was right they will toss into the dance. Tristan already prepared something. He broke the formation with his partner and dance themselves over to Ra. \"Go stand by that woman with the pink hat.\" He whispered and Ra looks over to find her. \"Why?\" Ra asked. \"Do it.\" Tristan replied and went back into the dance formation. Ra makes his way through the crowd and stood beside the lady in pink. Once he did Rufus took his place in front of him with his back turned and ready to take Jane's hand into another dance. Before Jane and her partner would swing toward Rufus Tristan broke the formation again and spins his partner into the crowd. \"I don't think so Mother's boy.\" Tristan said dancing him towards the crowd. \"Ra go, \"Tristan encouraged him and pushes Ra gently out from the crowd and Jane spins right into him taking his wrist and Ra's arm wraps around her waist. Jane smiled big again seeing that it was Ra dancing with her this time. She pulls his neck softly so their foreheads could meet with each other while they danced off together alone. Rufus tried getting back out to continue the rehearsed formation Jane but Tristan blocks him to do so. All the partners that previously danced subsided into the crowd and once Tirian had subsided to see who Jane was dancing alone with made him boil on the inside and grew furious, he was about to walk across the ballroom floor when his wife Jill wraps her hand around his arm and shook her head. \"Tirian leave them be.\" Jane and Ra felt like they were not in the ballroom anymore dancing in front of hundreds of people but were dancing across the space of time as if they had forever and ever. Every spin and dip and sway they did was done elegantly that the crowd awed and looked on inspired by them. Towards the end of the music when it hit a big climax Jane pulls herself closer to Ra lets go of his wrist and threw her other arm around his neck tightly, the side or their faces caressing each other and Ra wraps his other arm around her waist and lifts her up the ground by two feet. He brings her back down when the music fades away and they embrace tightly as everyone whistled and clapped in the room. Ra brushes his lips on Jane's ear lobe. \"I love you.\" He whispered. Before Jane could reply to Ra people came up from behind them patting them on the back and complimenting them how blown away they were with watching them calling the two natural chemistry. Ra soon walks away when Jane's family and especially when Tirian came up. \"Sister,\" Tristan said throwing his arm around Jane. \"That was extraordinary. You and Ra both were.\" Jill agreed nodding head at her daughter. \"Truly was Jane. You and Ra were my favorite tonight.\" Tirian grew angry. \"Jill what did you think about the royals?\" Jill thought for a few seconds. \"I thought plain and the same as everybody else. Ra and Jane for the win I'll say.\" Tanier shouts from across the ballroom. \"We're going to do the firework s now. Everyone enter out this way if you want to see them.\" A lot of the people enter out of the room and out the south side courtyard. Jill turns to Jane. \"Are you coming darling?\" Jane smiles at her family. \"I'll meet you all out there in a minute. I need to rest my feet for a moment.\" Jane had forgotten about the sharp pain in her high heels when concentrating on Ra and desperately wanted to take them off her feet now. Her family nods and walk out to see the firework display. Jane took the heels off standing up and let out a huge sigh to get them off finally. Ra stood on the north wing and Jane turns to look at him and smiles, he smiles back but takes off toward the north side courtyard. Jane follows him from behind. \"Ra please wait!\" She picks up the gown to her ankles and runs. It was pitch dark so it was hard to spot Ra because of his dark outfit. She runs down the few steps and on the stone sidewalks past the water fountains through the bushes, gardens and hedges until she came to a wood and leaned on a tree almost in tears that he actually left after what he had told her. She blamed herself horribly for turning him down when she did. If she hadn't of done that in the first place he would not have just taken off. \"Jane?\" Jane tosses her head, just then the first of the fireworks just screamed into the air and popped bright yellow and red colors. Soon a blue and green followed. Ra came out from the darkness. \"I'm sorry I left you like that. It's just I really can't help or hide my feeling for you.\" He said walking slowly up to her. \"Ra,\" Jane says softly making her way to him too. The fireworks kept going but they didn't once flinch to take a look at them, only each other. Ra went on. \"I get that even if you did feel the same way we could never work out because like you said, it's tradition to marry another royal. And,-\" \"Ra,\" Jane says again but Ra still continues. \"No matter how hard I try I can't stop thinking about you Jane and I don't think that I ever will. I'll just,-\" Jane closes her hand around Ra's neck gently perching her lips and kisses Ra on his lips. Ra's lips were tight because of the shock that Jane is actually kissing him. Ra separates and perches his lips in the kiss to and closes on her bottom lip. Ra caresses Jane's arm with his hand smoothly circling her skin with his thumb. They were still oblivious to the real firework show but both felt bliss and sparks once their lips touched. They break apart from the kiss and Ra stares at Jane still shocked with a hint of excitement. Jane laughs lightly looking at him and licks her bottom lip where Ra had just kissed her as if she was finding it hard for herself to believe too. \"Ra I love you too.\" She said full of sob emotion. Ra smiles kissing Jane on her lips again in a peck and they both embrace each other tightly with their torso and lower abdomens touching. Ra perches his lips on Jane's bare shoulder. \"I thought this would never happen to me ever.\" Ra said. \"Me either,\" Jane admitted. \"I swore to myself,\" Jane takes Ra's hand and they walk to a nearby bench to sit down. Ra is fiddling gently with Jane's fingers against his own. \"Ever since I was very little I was afraid of love, afraid of growing up to fast and getting married, moving away from my family and,\" Jane caught her breath. \"Most importantly I always believed love would steal my life away.\" Ra looks at Jane more seriously then. \"But you came along and I know now that love doesn't do that.\" Ra nods in agreement. \"Because once you meet that special person they become your life and you want to do everything together with them.\" Ra said. Jane smiles looking into Ra's eyes. \"Exactly that.\" They stared at each other for a while until Ra spoke up. \"So,\" Ra said getting up and Jane gets up with him. \"How are we going to go about this?\" \"You mean keeping this a secret?\" Jane asked and Ra nods. The firework display was over and that was when Jane looked to the south side area and Ra picks up Jane's braid running his fingers along through it. Jane looks back at him and smiles touching her forehead with his. \"Then that's just what we have to do for a while I guess.\" Jane said. Ra brushes his lips against Jane's lips again before they had to go back in and keep their romantic relationship a secret. My hands are searching for you My arms are outstretched towards you I feel you on my fingertips My tongue dances behind my lips for you This fire rising through my being Burning, I'm not used to seeing you I'm aliveI'm alive I can feel you all around me Thickening the air I'm breathing Holding on to what I'm feeling Savoring this heart that's healing My hands float up above me And you whisper you love me And I begin to fade Into our secret place The music makes me sway The angels singing say we are alone with you I am alone and they are too with you I'm alive I'm alive I can feel you all around me Thickening the air I'm breathing Holding on to what I'm feeling Savoring this heart that's healing And so I cry The light is white And I see you I'm alive I'm alive I'm alive I can feel you all around me Thickening the air I'm breathing Holding on to what I'm feeling Savoring this heart that's healing Take my hand, I give it to you Now you owe me, all I am You said you would never leave me I believe you, I believe I can feel you all around me Thickening the air I'm breathing Holding on to what I'm feeling Savoring this heart that's healed[Chapter 17] When Jane and Ra walk back to the party they still held each others hand tightly and lets go once they came in and Jane went back to the chair she sat in as though she never left it and tucks her high heels under the table. Ra sat down on the opposite side of the table and couldn't help staring at her, everyone were starting to come back in and Tanier notices Jane. \"You missed the fireworks sister. You love to see them.\" \"Don't worry Tanier I didn't miss them,\" Jane smiles and glances her eyes up at Ra and he was still already glancing back with his stuck grin across his face. Tanier squats behind Jane and whispers in her ear. \"Get on the platform, you and Tristan are about to blow the candles.\" He tells her and Jane takes her glance away from Ra seeing her family walk in and quickly gets out of her chair without putting her high heels back on, not that she wanted to anyways. \"Ra come with us.\" Ra follows Jane and hid his glances really well. Tirian gives Ra a very stern look. \"What were you doing in here alone?\" Tirian asks Jane as he turns to her. Jane only shrugs. \"The high heels made my feet hurt so I had to sit down for a while. Don't worry father Ra kept me company.\" Tirian gives Ra another stern look and turns to his family. \"Something came up in Galma so I'll be leaving in just a few minutes. I'll hope to be back the day after tomorrow.\" \"Awe dad,\" Jane said somewhat disappointed but in a way very glad he wont be around now that she and Ra were starting their relationship and it gave her plenty of time to think about hiding her relationship with Ra from him. When the time came for King Tirian to leave Jane hugs her father first then Tristan and Tanier shakes his hand goodbye and left his wife Jill last giving her a very big kiss and turns away. It was now time to get the birthday candles ready on the cake which is vanilla flavored and had strawberries decorated around the edges. Ra stands on the bottom of the platform and Rufus comes up to stand beside him. \"Are you some prince, lord or duke of someplace?\" he asked Ra. \"No I'm just good friends with Jane is all.\" Ra replied. \"Word of advice then Tarkaan,\" Rufus says rudely. Tarkaan is a reference to a culture and kingdom below Archenland with tanned skin. \"Never step into a royals place when you yourself are not one otherwise the next time if it happens I shall smite off your head.\" Ra held a chuckle in his throat without giving Rufus one glance. \"I'd be honored to see you try when that time comes then.\" Rufus grits his lips and shakes as though he was holding his words that he wanted to get out really bad. He stops and walks away behind Ra \"Mother!\" Rufus screams walking in her direction. Ra now knew why Tristan calls Rufus \"Mother's Boy.\" All the candles were now lit and everyone around the room started to sing this birthday song and Ra tries to catch up with the lyrics. At the end Tristan faked that he was going to blow the candles out on Jane's side. Jane playfully slaps him \"Tristan don't you dare.\" And they blew them out. After that Tanier secretly slips a new well made sword and golden rim sheath for Tristan and handed Jane a long circular box, she opens it and pulls out a malamute puppy with an awed face. \"Tanier he is so cute, thank you.\" Jane wraps her free arm around her brother. The puppy's colors are mixed with black and white. When Tristan wanted to hold the puppy Jane let him and makes her way to Ra as the music started up again so they danced for a while before going back to her family for some cake and making a toast to Jane and Tristan's birthday. The party was lasting long then Jane thought that it would and she along with Ra wanted to be alone. Jane puts a rope loosely and not too tight around her puppy's neck. She ended up naming him Max, so she and Ra along with Max went walking on the beach. \"I thought you said you hated the beach.\" Jane smiles up at Ra as she said it sarcastically. Ra smiles back throwing his arm around Jane as they came to the shore line and the waves grew smaller as it came sweeping under their feet. Max chops his tiny teeth at the water swaying back and forth. \"I don't,\" Ra answered playfully with a big grin. \"I like the ocean a lot, I love it now having you by my side.\" Jane smiles and more and rests her head on Ra's shoulder as they walked at least almost a mile and walked back to see that the party was over and everyone was going home so Ra and Jane took their route home. Once they got home Jane gave a piece of meat to her puppy and checked her mothers room if she was there and already she was sound asleep. Jane and Ra walk up the stairs silently holding hands and as soon as they came upon Jane's door Ra caresses Jane's face softly and coops her chin. \"Happy Birthday Jane.\" Their foreheads meet as they closed in with each other before departing again. \"I'll see you tomorrow.\" He said and kisses the tip of her nose. \"Goodnight,\" Jane said opening her door standing in front of it backwards slowly as she still looks on at Ra and Ra does the same walking backwards to his door. They walk into their rooms at the same time and close the doors the same too. Jane washes her made up face and pulls her braid into a bun as she took a bath, pondering everything that had happened, there was nothing that she regretted, even if it disturbed her father a little she didn't care. It's a night she would never forget and something inside of her was saying that she didn't want this night to end this way. So Jane got out of the tub and dried herself off and takes the bun out and unties her braid, brushing her hair until it became straight again and threw on her long white sleeping gown. Jane walks back into her room and blows out every candle. She opens the door and flees out making her way to Ra's room and first knocks then she walks in. Ra shoots up from his bed almost shocked to see Jane like that. \"Jane?\" Although he was very happy to see her too. Jane didn't really know how to explain it but she felt she just couldn't leave Ra's side ever. \"I just feel like tonight shouldn't be over.\" Ra smiles and Jane smiles back walking to the side of his bed pulling the covers aside and slides in lifting the covers over her and snuggles up against Ra's warm body where she felt whole and safe. Ra throws his left arm around Jane and moves her hair from her face with his right hand, as he can see Jane's face. Ra kisses the top of her forehead and comforts her snuggle against him more. \"I love it when you're like this.\" Jane said. \"You are so sweet and caring, very honest and protective. I trust you so much. But I don't want to see that ugly side of you ever again.\" Ra chuckles, \"But I was being protective in that situation.\" He teases. Jane pulls herself closer to him and nudges her face against his. \"Ra you know what I mean.\" She paused for a couple of seconds. \"Like with my father and how you stood up for me. You handled him very mature but my father didn't.\" Ra nods and nudges her face back giving her a little peck on her cheek. \"I promise you wont see that side of me again. Unless,\" Ra pauses and Jane looks up at him. \"Unless what?\" Jane asks. \"Unless someone actually threatens you or tries to steal you from me. Then I wouldn't help it.\" Ra gave Jane a big grin then and Jane laughs lightly and tickles his side playfully and it made him laugh and he hugs Jane more tightly. \"Fine it's a deal.\" Jane admitted. The door was starting to creak and the both jump. \"Is it your mother?\" Ra whispers. \"No,\" Jane said. \"She's out cold after all of that spiced wine tonight.\" The door opens and in came the puppy Max. Jane and Ra sigh relieved and laughed as well. Jane gets up quickly and closes the door. \"Come on Max.\" Jane climbs back in the bed with Ra and Max howls trying to get up there with them and Jane picks Max up on the bed. Ra sits up and strokes Max gently with Jane. \"I'm sorry I didn't get you anything for your birthday.\" Jane looks at him and shakes her head with a smile. \"You did. You are my early birthday gift Ra.\" Ra smiles back lovingly placing his hand through Jane's hair pulling her closer while he came closer too and kisses her lips tenderly at first and then it began to build stronger as their lips move up and down in a massaging way. Only a few times they broke their lips apart for air and they continued as they fell back on the bed and embrace in a strong snuggle eventually as they began to fall asleep.[Chapter 18] Here's Chp. 18. Something weird is going on. Suddenly my uploaded chapters have lost count in the many words I wrote. Is this happening to anyone else? Please let me know. And is allowing 90 days to revise chps instead of 60 anymore, sweet. Kuddos! Enough of my rambling so enjoy. The sun had risen high in the sky and Jane was nowhere to be seen beside Ra once he woke up. He tucks his loose white shirt in his pants a little and walks out of the room and into the hallway. The suns rays came through the windows in an odd orange color. The hall seemed darker than usual too. He hears a faint mumble of words that were not being spoken in English but in a native language he had once first understood. The voice sounded very much like Jane's and he follows it, the walls and the way down the hall looked like it was getting narrow and took longer it seemed. Everything felt and looked very gothic around him. He wanted to get out of it. Ra thought that it had taken him at least a minute to reach the stairs when it normally took him just fifteen seconds. The stairs even narrowed and the echo of Jane's voice came again. \"I'm coming!\" Ra calls running down the stairs. He reaches the front door knob open and oddly not everything that was supposed to be outside was in its' proper places. It was that the village came into view, not the barn or the gate and he could see Cair Paravel clearly. Everything looked very strange as if he was in a popup book. Ra could hear the call again \"xalli baalak min Ra.\" What was she saying? Watch out for himself, why? \"Jane where are you?\" Ra said turning his head at every corner even though the voice came forward he still looked around wondering where people were. The voice came again ahead and grew faint again as though she was moving faster than Ra. Ra picks up his pace and continues through the woods without stopping or looking around anymore. The brush looked and felt like they were closing in on him. Breaking out of the brush and into a clear opening where the ocean wind sweeps through his hair and the first thing he saw was Jane's back turned to him looking over the sea standing close to the rocky edge. \"Jane why are you doing this?\" Ra asked coming up to her side. \"Xalli baalak min Ra.\" She said again as Ra stands beside her and tugs on her arm gently. \"You are really beginning to scare me now,\" Ra stops talking when he noticed something different about Jane. Jane's hair has a dreadlock look and a much dirtier complexion. She is also dressed in a loose Arabic blue dress. Ra began to have flashes of her smiling in fields of gold holding his own hands in hers and laughing joyfully. She reaches up to him and kisses his lips tenderly and another flashback begins where he sees her running towards him and shot in the back with an arrow. Ra suddenly heard himself shout \"No!\" It wasn't he who did shout but himself in that point in time in the flashback. The flashbacks were over and he looks to the person who he thought was Jane. \"Nekta?\" He asked and she smiles and suddenly fades away replacing Jane there in front of him. Jane smiles the same as Nekta. \"What are we waiting for?\" She grins and takes his hand. \"Lets run away so we can be together.\" \"Where would we go without the both of us getting into trouble?\" Ra asked taking his right hand and caresses Jane's arm. Wait, that is strange. Ra looks down and brought his right hand up in his main view of vision. It was cut off from the rays in Ra's ship so how was this all possible, he thought. Out of the bushes came Jane's parents and her brothers. \"Jane you disobeyed me.\" Tirian said and Jane looks to her father. \"Father no I-,\" Laughter came from Flynn and Ciera as they walk out as well. \"Jane you are a complete failure at everything.\" Ciera teases and Flynn joins in. \"When is the wedding for the low life princess and the lame frog?\" Tirian kept yelling while Jane yells back and the laughter from Flynn and Ciera grew and grew until Ra just couldn't take it anymore. Deep anger built inside of him, it scared him too as if something was controlling his anger. It felt like the alien had returned inside of him. Spontaneously Ra's right hand lifted with the hand device wrapped around his palm narrowing his eyes at Tirian a blast came from the device and strikes Tirian. Everyone screams and Jane gasps really shocked and places both her hands on top of Ra's lifted arm. \"Ra stop!\" Even the human inside of him tried to stop and lower his arm but the alien consuming him was a lot stronger then he was. After Tirian fell down Ra attacks Flynn with the hand device shocking him intensely as Ciera who stood by him screamed louder than everyone else. Flynn fell dead and Ra glances at Ciera with a delirious smirk across his face. Ciera darts towards the woods and not that she could out run Ra's hand device because he was too quick and had already aimed it at her. He strikes her and she shakes intensely like the others before falling down dead. Jill and Jane's brothers were quiet and when Jane looks they weren't even there anymore. \"Ra please what is going on with you?\" Jane was in tears when Ra looks at her. \"Silence,\" Ra exclaims in his demon voice and his eyes lights up as he glares into her eyes. He snarls looking at Jane up and Jane as he clings onto her upper arm. Jane groans in pain. \"That hurts,\" Jane said trying to release from Ra's grasp but he is far too strong. \"You're hurting me!\" Jane shouts this time. \"What do you suppose I actually do then?\" Ra asked sarcastically still in his demon deep voice. \"I thought you love me.\" Jane said glancing into his eyes very hurtful as tears still streams down her face. Ra coops Jane's chin with his index finger. He ponders for a moment and then shakes his head smirking at Jane and places his right palm with his hand device on top of Jane's forehead and shocks her as he watches her die. Ra jumps in his bed with a huge gasp and follows into harsh pants and subsides when he looks at Jane beside him still under the covers as she lays her arm across his chest and snuggled very close to him. She was still asleep thank goodness. He didn't want to wake her up especially seeing how peaceful and happy she looked in her sleep. A petite grin was planted on her lips. Ra swipes the sweat away from his forehead as it began to run down after being frightened by that nightmare. Little Max was curled up between them at the foot of the bed and jolts his head up looking at Ra. As Ra sunk down and lays his left cheek against Jane's forehead he began to think what if the alien was still inside of him ready to come out at any given moment, it would put Jane and the others around her in serious danger. Ra believed for a while that the alien was gone but what if part of it was still with him, he thought. He stayed up for a while worrying about it and thought about leaving Jane there but no urge or budge made him. Another thing was keeping him held onto her. All dreams are a bit silly but the dream plays out in the story later so it wasn't written for nothing.[Chapter 19] 8,000 B.C. Seven years went by and the boy was now sixteen with Nekta being fifteen years old. They still spent time with each other even though now that they lived in different common areas in the house of the Pharaoh. Sometimes they would pass each other up in the corridors, meetings, and the games that the Pharaoh would sometimes hold. The young boy who is now a young and handsome man had kept the secret of him knowing Nekta's a shaman to himself. After that day when he found out he didn't tell Nekta he knew about her or even brought it up. A few days after their arguments as children they were back to being good friends again. But now over the years he was beginning to see her as something more than their strong friendship. He is now a soldier to the Pharaoh along with Tukus, Typhon and Zuka. Typhon, with him being the eldest had already completed his training. Now a match was taking place in the Pharaoh's court where all the royals and council gathered to watch the soldiers fight and show off their talents. Zuka comes out and taps the young mans shoulder. \"You can do it.\" He said encouraging his friend. The young man wore his soldier uniform and a shield across his torso. He also wore a black straight wig that cuts off at his shoulders like everyone else with black Egyptian eyeliner. The young man first took a deep breath and walks in from the hall into the court where Typhon stood gripping a hatchet in his hands and next to him was the Pharaoh on his throne. The young man stops in the middle of the room and bows to the Pharaoh. He glances his eyes to the right of the room and sees Nekta dressed in a sheer pink dress with a darker pink underneath with her long dark hair up, glances at him with her shimmering eyes and smile planted on her rosy lips, he smiles back and slightly winks at her. He raises back up and the sun gleams into his face. The court room was the only room in the palace it seemed to have an enormous opening that appears to have a high terrace outside. The Pharaoh nods his head the young man and Typhon came around to face the young man swinging his hatchet around like a pro and twirling the hinge of it with his fingers. The young man looks around on the floor beneath him and takes hold of curved sword and only slings the hilt of it once getting in his battle pose against Typhon. Placing both hands on the hilt he walks toward Typhon slowly and Typhon chuckles and swings the hatchet at the young man and he blocks the strike with the sword. Nekta gasps and a few of the council turn to look at her. She hadn't gasped at the other matches until now. Nekta watches the fight anxiously ignoring the stares she got. Typhon swings the hatchet lower instead of upwards for his second strike and the young man blocks again and swings his sword upwards a few inches from slashing Typhon's throat. It made Typhon jump back and he circles the young man a few feet away before coming at him again with upward and downward blow grabbing the hatchet with both hands above the young man, Nekta looks very nervous bringing her fingernails up to her mouth. \"Watch out!\" She calls in a scream. The young man falls to the ground and looses grip to his sword. Watching Typhon above him with the hatchet being firmly held he then had a vision of the lion that had killed his family as a kid. Instead of seeing Typhon anymore he saw the lion with its' outstretched claws and wide mouth ready to rip him up into shreds with a fierce growl. He tosses away grabbing his sword back. Typhon's hatchet came to the ground and got stuck in the stone. Quickly the young man got up and swings his sword upward and downwards fast ending on Typhon's neck. \"You're dead.\" The young man said. He came almost to being unable to stop until reality set in again, which he was glad it did. Typhon smirks and the young man helps him up. \"You are very strong my friend. Your baby face looks are your intimidation.\" Typhon said congratulating him and then walks away. The other members congratulate the young man before Nekta came up with her flinging arms that wrapped fully around his neck. \"That was too scary to watch. I'm glad you're alright.\" The young man hugs Nekta back. \"Let's do something this evening.\" Nekta lets go of his neck looking up at him and smiles. \"What do you have in mind?\" The young man smiles into Nekta's eyes. \"It's a secret, but you'll love it.\" Nekta nods with a grin. \"I'll meet you in the courtyard then.\" Nekta walks slowly away to a group of ladies dressed like her and the young man watches after her fondly until a hand rested on his shoulder. The Pharaoh stands next to the young man and guides him towards the terrace. \"Come I need to speak with you.\" The young man obeys and walks out to the terrace that overlooked the Nile River, the pyramids and more skyscrapers in the daylight. \"Now,\" The Pharaoh began to say walking as far as he could on the terrace as the young man staid about ten feet behind. \"You know I've been most impressed with you over the years, it seems as if you were always fit to fight.\" The young man nods. \"Well I used to have a troubled past and most of the time I depended only on myself to be able to survive.\" \"Yes,\" The Pharaoh claps his hands with a catlike grin across his face. \"That's why I know you'll do just fine as my leading soldier.\" The young man looks at the Pharaoh almost bewildered and in shock. His eyes grew so big. \"Please excuse me your highness for speaking my opinion and not to put you in any doubt, but I thought you had to have lots of experience and great trust for that job.\" The Pharaoh nodded in agreement. \"Well you know all about it my boy. That's why I trust you with this position.\" The young man gulps. \"I have no idea what to really say.\" He said still overwhelmed in shock that his shoulders dropped and desperately wanted to sit down but not in front of his Pharaoh. \"You begin your new job tomorrow.\" The Pharaoh pats the young mans shoulder again. \"You can stay in your new commons area tonight if you'd like too.\" The Pharaoh walks back inside as the young man still stood out on the terrace overlooking the land and felt the hot sun rays beating on his face. When evening started to come that day Nekta sits on the stone stairs going up into the palace and down into the courtyard. The young man runs down the steps towards her and Nekta hears him coming, she gets up and greets him. \"So where are we going?\" She asked. The young man chuckles by her side and places his hand behind her back to help her balance as they ran down the steps. \"As I said before Nekta it's a secret.\" They went to the stables and the young man pulls out a tall beautiful black stallion. Nekta looks over with a grin. \"I hope that's my ride.\" The young man grins back. \"He's both our ride.\" He slings his leg across and counts the stallion over to Nekta. \"Come on or are you scared?\" He grins bigger holding his hand out to her and Nekta smirks taking his hand. \"No I'm not.\" She replies and slings over behind her friend and wraps her arms around him tight. They canter off very fast away from the palace and out of the village following the Nile at their side. Nekta kept looking back to see how far away the palace was. \"How far are we going?\" She asked the young man. He tilts his head. \"Not too far.\" They rode together for about half an hour until Nekta slowly looks over at her friend and grins slipping her slender hand up at the young mans wig which he never took off and she slowly takes it off his head, underneath are his natural curly hair that fell almost the same length as the wig, Nekta watches fondly as his hair rushes in the wind and shined in the sun. \"It's about time this silly thing came off.\" Nekta said grasping her arm back around his waist tighter. The young man smiles at this and pulls the horses reigns away from the Nile and into an Oasis of palm trees and crossed on sand dunes afterwards. Shortly they came to Kames' village, overlooking it on top of a sand dune. Nekta was now wondering why her friend brought her there but she admired it nonetheless. \"This village is so beautiful and peaceful.\" Nekta said resting her chin on the young mans bare shoulder. The young man points up at the waterfall between two hills. \"Look over there,\" He said softly. \"One day we are going to live up on those hills.\" Nekta glances over at her friend almost confused. \"What do you mean?\" She asked but the young man did not answer her right away and jolts the horse towards the waterfall, the both of them were in complete silence. A crazy feeling developed in the pit of Nekta's stomach and made her slightly shake as if she were hungry. Nerves built up in the both of them the entire way until the horse halted. The young man slings his leg over and stands on the ground offering his hand again to Nekta. They stand at the bottom of the waterfall below the hills surrounding it like an unknown kingdom, it was gorgeous and calms Nekta a bit. She takes the young mans hand and slides off the horse and into her friends arms. At first it seemed in that moment time had slowed down once they stared into each others eyes. Nekta feels her friends hand move and thought this was it, the moment where their first kiss would happen but he only takes her hand and turns. \"Come on lets climb on top.\" He said. \"I don't know.\" Nekta said looking up the rocky hill having second thoughts. The young man chuckles at Nekta. \"Where is the adventurous Nekta that I used to know?\" Nekta tweaked her eye at him and grips her hand back giving the young man a challenging look and makes her way to the rocks fast beginning a race between them. The young man chuckles more following her as Nekta began to climb first and he began climbing right behind her. \"You cheat!\" He called to Nekta playfully. \"Everything is fair in fun and games.\" Nekta calls back laughing. \"True but what about,\" The young man was saying until a rock slips from under Nekta and she quickly tries to grab a rock nearest to her and the waterfall to catch her balance but it was slippery and began to fall. \"Nekta!\" The young man screams and acting fast he catches her fall from dropping at least thirty feet. Nekta pants a little looking shocked before glancing up at Ra. \"Thanks for catching me then.\" The young man smiles at her. \"I will always be there to catch you Nekta, to push you away from harm, to shield you from evil, and fall with you if I am ever unable to catch you.\" Nekta's eyes brighten and she smiles really big up at the young man. He returns a smile and bends down towards her pressing his lips against Nekta's lips. She kisses him back with the same passion. Please I know now that I have ver 1,000 views (stats say so) in this story and that is amazing and the reason why I keep writing. I would still appreciate reviews too though so pretty please with whip cream and lots of cherries on top review or say a simple \"cool\" or \"keep writing\" I'd appreciate anything you guys have to say. :-D[Chapter 20] Finally I got another chapter up. With college starting and working more hours with work, plus my birthday this past weekend has put me behind a little, but never fear the end is near. With this story I'm half way there to finishing it and soon the sequel which is going to be epic, lots of adventure, I can't wait. *Notice* Please DO NOT steal quotes, most I came up with myself in this chapter. Enjoy! :) Jane tugs something in front of her tighter as she came out of the dream. Opening her eyes she sees her arm around Ra's torso with sunlight gleaming down onto them from the window. Ra wakes up after he feels Jane squirm closer to him. His full shoulder already supported Jane and he caresses Jane's arm with his hand sliding it up and down gently. Jane smiles and sighs in comfort. \"Good morning,\" Ra whispers in Jane's ear. Jane tilts her face down colliding it with Ra's. Ra kisses the tip of Jane's nose as she looks at him in a few seconds silence. \"Morning,\" She said back at him with a blissful smile and Ra returns it as he began to caress Jane's hair and face softly. Before doing anything else Jane kisses Ra's cheekbone and turns around getting out of the bed as Ra watches her without taking gaze away or blinked. \"Where are you going?\" Ra asked calmly. Jane straightens her gown as she stood and pulls her hair over to the side to try and smooth it out. \"Lets' meet downstairs in say ten minutes?\" She said looking over at him from the side of her eye. Ra quickly nods with a grin. Jane slowly turns and walks out of the door and into her own room and leans on the double doors with her back against them holding her head up high with the most blissful look she's ever made. She could still feel the light pressures and tingles where Ra caressed her, embraced her and kissed her. Jane even went back over where Ra last caressed her which was the top of her forehead. She shook it away coming back to reality and got ready for the day. VVVVVVVV As Jane was ready and shuts her room door after walking out Ra stood there to greet her and as Jane turns to face him Ra pecks her lips with his, Jane smiles with a soft giggle walking down the hall and stairs with him with the little puppy following them. Outside they walked down the passage where the apple orchard trees grew. They talked about the dreams they had that night as Jane picked up a bow and quiver of arrows near the gated fence. \"Yes I dreamed about you,\" Jane admitted with a slight abashed grin biting the side of her bottom lip. She looks over to her puppy Max that found a lush green area laying down on his flat stomach with a tree twig in his mouth and began chewing it up. \"It was odd.\" Ra looks at her wide eyed and they laughed at the same time. Jane continues. \"It wasn't anything horrid,\" She chuckles and went on in her normal voice. \"We were having a race up a hill and I slipped and almost fell yet you caught me and we kissed as though doing it for the first time in our lives.\" Ra blanked for a moment. \"I would fall with you if I am ever unable to catch you.\" Ra said as if he were reading a quote in front of him. \"What did you just say?\" Jane said with a shocked expression. It was exactly what Ra said in her dream before they kissed. Ra looks at Jane dumbfounded and manages to grin. \"It's a quote that I've read once in Space. What you've said made me think of it. It's what I would do for you in any given situation if it were to happen.\" Jane smiles back. \"You said that same quote to me in my dream.\" Ra's grin turns into a smile to match Jane's and he throws his arm around her gently. Jane tilts closer to his side resting her head under Ra's chin as they continued to walk through the orchard on that bright cloudless sky day. Ra points out the biggest orchard tree he's ever seen to Jane and Jane simply nods as if she knew. \"I always come out here every year to see if I could get the apple in the tallest part of the tree with my bow and arrow, but I never could. Usually my father would sit on the thicker branch and hold me onto his shoulders when I was little so I could reach it.\" Ra listened to Jane extensively. Jane sounded very emotional to him as if when Jane's father always did that for her it meant something very special looking back to those times. He knew it meant a lot to her. Jane continues. \"Well now since I'm too out grown for that, I come here by myself to try and retrieve the tallest apple myself.\" Jane takes an arrow out from her quiver preparing it on her bow. The emotionless but somewhat depressed look on Jane's face frightened Ra so he carefully caresses Jane's hair back to show her his comfort for her and understanding. Jane stunts from bringing up the bow to her preferred position feeling Ra's touch and appreciated it bringing herself back to the nice moment she was spending with Ra. Jane lifts her bow up focusing on the twig the apple hung from, pulls back the arrow and releases. The arrow shot through the side of the apple missing her precise target by a few inches. Jane groans. \"I don't think I'll ever hit the target I want.\" Ra takes out another arrow from Jane's quiver that is strapped onto her back. Since we made a great team the other time, how about I help you this time.\" He said and Jane simply nods her head gently taking the bow from Ra. She prepares it on the bow and Ra's left hand went above hers on the bow with his right wrist on Jane's elbow and together they steadied it and Ra's caught Jane's point of view and when Jane was ready she released the arrow in high air. The arrow shot through the twig and Jane jolts forward as the apple came tumbling down through the orchard tree and caught it with both hands. \"We really do make a great team Ra.\" Jane said as she came back walking up to him. Ra nods softly in agreement. \"The best,\" He said. They both sat down next to the puppy chewing his twig and they shared the apple as they talked some more. \"What did you dream last night?\" Jane asked Ra taking a bite from the apple and hands it to Ra as they took turns with it. Ra grew nervous before taking a bite from the apple. He didn't want to tell her the truth that he killed her when he felt possessed again. \"I dreamed that your father approved of us.\" He lied. Jane smiled up at him. \"I wish that could happen.\" She said. Ra agreed and pondered deeply as he took a bite of the apple. 8,000 B.C. The Pharaoh sent for night guards to bring Pacis to see him in his quarters. As Pacis enters the room the Pharaohs Queen who sat on the edge of their bed stroking her fingers through a black cats fur sitting on her lap. She gets up and walks out the room holding the cat shutting the doors behind him. The Pharaoh stood outside on his balcony and Pacis helped himself to the Pharaoh's banquet taking some of the grapes. \"What's the occasion?\" Pacis asked at the table stuffing himself with the grapes and other fruits, his back turned to the Pharaoh. The Pharaoh slowly tilts his head looking at Pacis with an almost stern look. \"Pacis I've known you long enough that you should know not to touch something that is not yours without asking for permission.\" Pacis rolls his eyes as he narrows them and grimaces at the table and finishes up throwing grapes on a stem back into the dish he got it from. Pacis began to trace the hilt of a knife with his finger at the table too looking very deep into a thought. \"I hear you gave one of the new boys as your right hand soldier. Who might that be?\" Outside a horse gave a whine as it came up and the Pharaoh looked down his balcony. \"There he is right now.\" Pacis soared over to the balcony and glances over gripping the banister tightly. \"But he's barely eighteen your highness.\" Pacis said as he watched the young man mount off the horse and caught Nekta in his arms as he swung her around once she began to mount and he places her on her feet gently. Laughter is heard from them. The Pharaoh chuckles \"That may be true Pacis but he's one young man who knows what he's doing.\" The Pharaoh walks back inside. \"Come, give them privacy. He is why I need to speak with you.\" \"Oh,\" Pacis said lethargically though he hinted a teasingly note in his voice, Pacis leans against the wall as he came back in. \"What about him?\" \"Basically,\" The Pharaoh began. \"I want to speak with you about your retirement and-,\" Pacis interrupts the Pharaoh. \"Pardon me. My retirement?\" Pacis exclaims. \"You mean that boy down there he's,\" Pacis got a loss for words. \"Pacis,\" The Pharaoh spoke sternly but showed some remorse to Pacis. \"I am getting a lot older and lets face it, so are you. He's got a great potential to become my main council man too.\" Pacis crosses his arms with nothing to say nor looked at his Pharaoh. \"Alright,\" The Pharaoh said. \"You must be done talking and this was all I had to say to you. You retire in six months from now at the beginning of the new year. You can now take your leave.\" Pacis glares at the door and swiftly moves toward it keeping his back to the Pharaoh as he took his leave. VVVVVV The young man and Nekta held hands walking around the courtyard under the now twilight sky. Nekta jolts her head up looking at the stars. \"Remember how we always fought what the stars were when we were little children?\" The young man watches Nekta delicately. He remembered her as the child he once knew when he was a child himself. It reminded him of the moment when he first fell in love with her. \"They mean something different to me now.\" The young man places his hands on her waist and spins her again. Nekta laughs angelically as her wavy dark hair falls over his face as she plunges into his spontaneous embrace. \"What do they mean to you now?\" Nekta whispers in his ear. \"Everlasting and on going, like you and me, forever and always,\" The young man said pressing his lips on Nekta's neck. Nekta smiles embracing him tighter and moves her forehead up against his until they came face to face looking into each others eyes. \"I believe in that now,\" Nekta whispers and kisses his lips, he kisses her back with the same passion and rotated Nekta's lips up and down massaging them and Nekta bites down on his bottom lip softly. A noise beside them was heard so Nekta and the young man let go of each other and pretended that nothing went on between them. Out of the darkness came Pacis. \"No need to interrupt what you two were doing. You.\" Pacis points to the young man. The young man watches Pacis with wide eyes. \"Congratulations on becoming the Pharaoh's main soldier.\" Pacis added and began to walk away. \"Thank you,\" The young man called back turing his attention back to Nekta. \"Oh,\" Pacis continued. The young man looks back to Pacis. \"I'd watch your back as well if I were you.\" With that Pacis chuckles to himself and walks off. The young man winces and looks at Nekta. \"Was that advice he just gave me?\" Nekta shrugs. \"Yes, perhaps it was. I hope you'll be careful with your position.\" The young man smiles at Nekta and hugs her. \"I promise Nekta, nothing bad will happen.\"[Chapter 21] :) Okay so right after this chapter the sensuality between the two mains are going to build up from here, however they will not be having sex in this story until the sequel or prequel. So sorry if you were looking forward to that sooner. This is the part where I tell you how I got inspiration for writing this. To be honest music usually distracts me from the story even though I was listening to music and watching National Lampoons European Vacation while writing this. I also listened to a lot of Smashing Pumpkins (Disarm, 1979,) Evanescence (My Immortal, soon to be chapter based on this song) Two Door Cinema Club (What You Know) and The Hunger Games Soundtrack. While this chapter is based on The Lion King song by Elton John, (lol) Can You Feel The Love Tonight. Really can you? Tell me if you did. \"Jaffa bring in Netos!\" The long and narrow stone walls open outwards from the room that has a long circular window looking out to outer space. Netos walks in, his dark garments and veil still covering him up from limb to limb and blocked by tall Jaffa's guarding him as they came in. Netos lifts his fragile hand as he came to a halt as well as the Jaffa's. \"Leave.\" Netos said hoarsely. The Jaffas bow and left the room in silence. Netos makes his way to the control panel slowly turning his head hidden underneath his shear dark veil to glance at the Jaffa beside him, Hitak. \"What was it you said you've found?\" Netos asked. \"It's a new galaxy we've pulled up,\" Hitak explains. \"It contains three stars, a moon, a sun and land of humans your great.\" Netos ponders before he spoke. \"How far is land fall?\" \"A few days or so, up to about a week,\" Hitak answers immediately. \"Let's make for that land,\" Netos said. \"And we'll put a stargate down there as well.\" Netos leaves the room as Hitak agrees punching in on buttons at the control panel to head for the land. Arnia: Present Day The following five days with Ra to Jane was all blissful. The more Ra learned about Jane the more they connected both making their relationship better and their physical sensuality better, Ra even told her stories of other worlds and different species he came to see and experienced what sounded like marvelous adventures Jane wished she could do for the rest of her life. They went out to the beach, having moonlight walks, most of all they loved their talks and snuggled a lot with with each other. Jane would lay down on the sand during a full moon and Ra would create sand castles or heart shapes around her and in the end he would lay on top of her and they would kiss passionately almost all night. Jane would also continue to practice her long distance shots with her bow and arrows with Ra and Tristan. Sometimes Tristan would come along because Jane didn't want to leave her twin brother out a lot. Tristan knowing about his sisters' relationship with Ra would occasionally slip away and give them time to watch them because he loved seeing his twin sister Jane very happy. He hadn't seen her like this since they were little kids full of excitement and not knowing about ways of their life yet. It was now night time on the sixth day since Jane and Ra were considered an item to some, only to the puppy and Tristan maybe her own mother knew too. They had spent an outing together all afternoon and found a deserted cave along a river side at the beginning of evening. Inside Jane slips off her long yellow garment dress, underneath is her white slip dress that came an inch below her knees. As Ra was preparing a fire Jane steps out feeling the breeze come down on her after the hot summer day spent with a delightful picnic under the sun and a walk on the beach. Jane had no idea that her father would be gone this long. Although she didn't mind at all because the more her father was away the more time she could spend with Ra without him getting an inkling on what is going on. She outstretches her arms widely through the rush of wind that came. Ra glances up at Jane as soon as he got the fire going in the cool night getting up he walks right behind her massaging her left neck with his hand and kisses Jane's right bare neck and continues down all the way to her shoulder. Jane tilts her head towards Ra sighing softly with pleasure seeping throughout her. \"That somewhat tickles,\" She said kissing the side of Ra's face as lips lingers on her shoulder. Ra swings his right arm around and across Jane's torso kissing her deeper instead of soft pecks like he was doing. \"Ra look,\" Jane exclaims in a whisper and Ra looks up after one last kiss on Jane's shoulder at a slowly moving shooting star. Jane closes her eyes and Ra notices this from the side of his eye. \"Are you making a wish?\" Ra asked while Jane did not answer she nods at the end of her wish and looks back at Ra with a smile. \"What did you wish for?\" Ra asked curiously. \"Well if I told you that then it won't come true now will it?\" Jane walks to the edge of the river and twirls in the moonlight. Ra follows Jane with a big smile as he chuckles. \"Well I guess that's true.\" \"Very true,\" Jane teases back at Ra and sticks her tongue out at him. Ra laughs a lot louder. \"Come here let's see what I can do to that tongue of yours.\" Ra comes over to Jane in a slight run. Jane giggles as Ra tries to reach for her and ran away from his reach. \"You'll have to catch me first.\" Ra grins very big keeping his eyes on Jane and ran towards her trying to keep up and Jane ran away from the light of the fire that casted out and Ra could only hear her footsteps in the woods. \"Jane no fair, I can't see you.\" Ra laughs. Afterwards Ra couldn't hear Jane anymore. \"Jane?\" He went into the brush where he had last heard Jane's footsteps. The brush behind him made little movements and Ra grins stepping quietly behind. He could see Jane making her way back to the firelight and quickly then he ran before Jane had a chance to get up herself, he could see that she didn't try to. Jane laid flat on her back as Ra came up on top of her. \"You win.\" Jane said with a mellow tone face to face with Ra. Ra brings his lower abdomen down to hers as Jane lifted her head with her neck up to Ra's lips kissing him, they massage at first and Ra manages to slip his tongue into Jane's mouth caressing it with hers in a swirling manner. VVVVVV Meanwhile in Arnia, King Tirian's ship and his crew came to dock. \"Men we'll unload everything tomorrow. Right now we rest and go back to see our families.\" King Tirian said and a lot of the crew obeyed, Tirian stayed with the ship as soon as all crew members came down the ramp and left with their sacks swung on around backs or in their hands. The Captain of the ship joins the King Tirian by his side near the mast and they made their way to the ships banister. \"Your little ones must be ready to see you Vince.\" King Tirian said hanging loose mainly because he was afraid of going home. Vince nods. \"I missed my little girls a lot. What about yours?\" \"I don't really know.\" King Tirian pauses and continues. \"I'm just worried I've messed up with my Jane somewhere. She barely looks at me or talks to me anymore.\" He looks down at the sea beneath him already fogging up in the night. Vince gave a sighing whistle. \"I wish I can help you there my friend. My daughters aren't even teenagers yet. Enjoy her company while you can your majesty.\" Vince pats Tirian on his back before taking his leave down the ramp and walks towards land on the long dock. Tirian leans in silence on the banister still thinking until it became too lonely so he headed home. Once there all the lights were off and the first thing he checked was Jane's room. It was pitch black until Tirian's eyes adjusted and found that Jane's bed is empty. He walks across the hall opening Tristan's room and he was sound asleep. He closes Tristan's door slowly to not make a single sound or crack. Then he did the same with Tanier's room. Tirian narrows his eyes at Ra's door. Stepping closer to the door he lifts the door knob open looking into darkness he wasn't in there. Tirian felt a sharp pain in his stomach and slams the door not caring if that woke everyone else up. Making his way downstairs Tirian walks into his and Queen Jill's room, he quickly lays on his back across the bed and made Jill stir up. \"Tirian?\" Jill exclaims. She swings her arms around her husband. \"I see you.\" Tirian didn't say anything back, usually he would always say 'I see you' back to his wife. It's something they always told each other in an intimate moment. Jill sits up in bed studying Tirian's face. \"What's the matter with you?\" \"Where's Jane?\" Tirian asked quickly. \"She said she was going to the castle to wait for your arrival.\" Jill said. \"And what of that boy, Ra?\" Jill winces. \"He left a few days after you went away.\" She lied. \"Now will you please relax and come to bed.\" Tirian got up a few seconds later and joins Jill at her side swinging his arms around her tightly. \"I've finally decided in court who would be a suitable husband for our daughter Jane.\" Jill sighs annoyed and closes her eyes really tight with a small tear forming at the side of her eyelid. \"We will talk with his parents tomorrow at noon.\" Tirian continued. Jill didn't say anything else to Tirian and eventually fell back to sleep. VVVVVV Jane and Ra made their way back to the cave and snuggled next to the fire playing a game Jane taught him. \"Absolute,\" Jane said and waits for Ra to reply. \"Exact,\" Ra said. Jane pauses. \"Exactly,\" She joked making a goofy face and she and Ra laugh. \"I'll start over.\" Ra said thinking for a few moments. \"Person,\" he said. \"Thing,\" Jane said. \"You,\" Ra said. Jane wanted to tell him that he had messed up but she had a perfect reply for him. \"Us,\" She replied with a slight chuckle and smiled. Ra smiles back at her, \"Love,\" \"Romance,\" Jane smiles bigger at Ra. \"Commitment,\" Ra said smiling big back and kisses Jane's forhead wrapping his arm around her tighter and Jane pulls closer to him. \"Trust,\" Jane said placing her head on Ra's chest still smiling. \"Most beautiful,\" Ra said caressing his fingers through Jane's hair. \"Person I have ever met, inside and out.\" Jane turns over onto her back to look up at Ra. \"Ditto.\" She caresses Ra's chin and touches Ra's bottom lip with her finger. \"Come here Ra.\" Ra leans down as Jane tilts and lifts her head to kiss each other. Afterwards Ra lays down with Jane snuggling by the fire and fell asleep on the soft plain of grass.[Chapter 22] Chapters from now on are going to be udated quickly most of the time since the story is somewhat almost over. As you can tell yes i'm excited to start on the sequel to this. Enjoy. 8,000 B.C. It has been five months later, Nekta and the young man were growing closer in their love every day. The young man was making a very fine soldier, one of the best, the Pharaoh would compliment. Nekta went down to the Nile that afternoon to gather water in a long and narrow pot. Not too long after her pot was half full Nekta felt a soft nudge and the Young Man stands behind her with a smile. Nekta laughs. \"Aren't you supposed to be on duty?\" She teased and got the pot filled up. Once it was filled she stands up and faces him. \"I took a couple of hours off to do something.\" The young man said walking closer to Nekta staring deeply into her eyes. \"To do what?\" Nekta asks returning his glance as she gazes up to him and from the corner of her left eye Nekta saw his hand move from his back revealing a necklace. The necklace resembled something very familiar to her. The necklace revealed a few things that symbolized their tribe they came from a few years ago. The tooth of a lion resembling \"Spirit\" crafted at the bottom of the necklace surrounded by small arrowheads that symbolized the first moment they met. The weaving symbolized their bond, she knew what he was going to do. \"Did you kill a lion for that tooth?\" Nekta asked remembering their conversation from when they were little. \"No I didn't,\" The young man admitted with a smile looking down. \"Actually Kames helped me put this necklace together.\" \"I love it all the same.\" Nekta gives a warm smile laying a soft hand on the young mans shoulder though she started to tremble a bit he was doing it a lot more than she was. The young man takes a deep breath before speaking. \"We've already known each other for half of our lives as children and now. I've promised so much to you and now I promise to never leave or abandon you. Nekta I want you to be by my side forever so,\" He hands out the necklace further to Nekta. \"Will you marry me?\" He asked in a sotto with a nervous grin. Nekta looks back at the necklace with a dumbfounded expression that frightened the young man a little until Nekta looks back at him with a reassuring smile. \"Of course I will. It's what we both want.\" She smiles bigger and the young man coops her chin up and kisses her passionately. After the kiss Nekta wraps her hair out of the way for the young man to slide the necklace on and hooks it together around her slim neck. Nekta turns to face him again and they embrace tightly. Present Day: Arnia \"Where's Jane I thought she'd be here by now.\" King Tirian grimaces as he watches the sun rise in high noon. \"They will be here any minute now.\" Tirian would've gone to Cair Paravel himself to search for his daughter there if he hadn't of overslept after his long journey back. Tanier overheard his father. \"I'm going to Cair Paravel right now. I'll look for her and tell her to come back.\" \"Thank you Tanier,\" He felt relieved until he caught a glimpse of a carriage being pulled up at their gate. \"Tanier be off now.\" He ordered and Tanier wasted no time fleeing out the front door. As Tanier darted through the gates three people came out of the carriage, an escort helps them out. \"Your Majesty,\" the escort says and bows. The three walk up to the door and King Tirian quickly opens it for them. \"Welcome to my families home Duke and Duchess. Please come in and make yourselves comfortable.\" The Duchess had a suspiciously rude expression across her face. \"Where are your escorts and maids to answer the door King Tirian?\" She glances around trying to find a trace of anyone to pamper her with food and tea. Tirian lightly chuckles. \"My lady we do not have servants around here. The point of building us a home out here is for my family and I to bond normally away from palace life.\" The Duchess gasps. \"Oh how dreadful. At least the place is clean and elegant.\" She shivers and King Tirian said no more as the Duke and their son Rufus came in. Rufus kept the same stern look on his face as if he didn't want to be there. \"Please join me and my wife in the living area.\" Tirian said gesturing his hand to the opened room. As they walk in Jill came in from outside with a tray of a tea kettle and glasses on top of it. \"Sire,\" The Duchess began again. \"So you let your wife, the Queen of Arnia do all of the work around here, even making the tea?\" \"My Queen loves to make tea,\" Tirian said. \"My children and I usually do most of the cleaning and other chores.\" Jill giggles softly. \"Absolutely, I can do other things as well, I cook too and pitch in with chores as possible too.\" She places the tray on the coffee table in the middle of the room. \"Come and make yourselves comfortable. If you would like Duchess I can also spoon feed too, that is if you need help doing so.\" Jill obliged in a sarcastic undertone. Tirian raises his eyes and brow at Jill with a slight embarrassed look on his face. \"No thank you,\" The Duchess said although she seemed to have thought about it before taking a seat on a sofa in the room in front of the tea tray. She looked as though she was waiting for someone to poor her a cup of tea until she soon realizes where she was again. She picks up the kettle and pours it into a cup. \"Rufus come and sit by your dear mother.\" Rufus obeys as he went over and sat down by her. The Duke takes an arm chair away from his wife the Duchess. Jill and Tirian sat on the sofa across from the Duchess and her son. There was awkward silence throughout the room as they waited on Jane to come in, the only noises that were being made was The Duchess sipping her tea and Rufus pouring his tea into a cup and takes a sip as well. \"This needs milk.\" He said and the Duchess looks over at him without tilting her head with squinted eyes. \"Rufus darling shut up.\" \"Sorry mother,\" Rufus apologizes. The duchess grimaces some more. \"What did I just say Rufus? Shut Up.\" Rufus was about to say something else and didn't. Tristan came walking into the room and saw the Duke and Duchess of the Lone Islands with their son Rufus. \"What are they doing here?\" \"Is that a way to treat our new family son?\" King Tirian asked. \"What?\" Tristan asked in a disbelieving tone and dumbfounded expression on his face. \"They don't care about Jane,\" Tristan faces the Duchess. \"They are only in it to try and claim Arnia for having a royal from here on their throne.\" The duchess giggles loudly fanning herself. \"Nonsense child, where did you get that idea? We already love our Lone Islands.\" \"From that big mouth right there a few months ago before even considering to take Jane's hand in marriage,\" Tristan points to Rufus while King Tirian tries pulling on Tristan's sleeve to get his attention. \"You lie you po-!\" Rufus was exclaiming loudly and tried to say what he was going to say before the Duchess lays a hand over his mouth. \"Shut your supposed big mouth.\" She grimaces in a low voice. \"Lets all try to get along with good manners shall we?\" Tirian got a hold of Tristan and while Tristan's face was still red he calms down as he could and walks to the large window in the room with his head turned away from all of them as he crosses his arms as he looks out. A few minutes later when Jane didn't show up The Duchess pulls out some of her wedding plans, and shares them with the King Tirian and Queen Jill, Tristan did the best he could to tune the discussion out of his mind. The whole thing made him shiver and made him feel sick to his stomach. Two figures began walking through the gates and Tristan quickly turns, everyone was too busy looking at and discussing the plans so he came up behind his mother Jill and whispers. \"Go to the barn in ten.\" Jill watches her son dart off and went back to the discussion. VVVVVVV Ra Jane held hands and laughed at a story Ra told her about what happened on one of his adventures on a planet. Jane was more amused on how small Ra made out the people to be and could carry him. Tristan came bombarding as they still laughed. \"Get inside the barn quickly.\" Tristan said. Jane and Ra look at him with worried expressions. \"Tristan what's the matter?\" Jane asks as they walk faster to the barn. \"Will you wait until we get inside the barn.\" Tristan exclaims angry and shivers. Jane's never seen her twin brother is upset and mad before in her life. They hurry inside the barn, once inside and shutting the doors Jane waits until Tristan gets his breath back while he lays on a stack of hay and Jane stood by Ra as they still held hands. \"Tristan please,\" Jane said with a nervous knot in her throat. \"Tell us what is going on.\" \"Father's already decided that he wants you to marry Rufus of the Lone Islands,\" Tristan said and he didn't like the expression on Jane's face. It is a devastating look. Jane could not look at her brother nor at Ra. Tristan continues. \"Everyone is in there now already discussing your wedding Jane.\" Jane loosens her hand from Ra's eyes grew in bewilderment and expression full of grief as he watches Jane move in a tipsy manner and she sits down. \"I don't understand,\" Jane shakes her head. \"I did my best not to please any one of them at the ball.\" \"Well father must've done something,\" Tristan said with a wince. \"That may be why he left to Galma to hold a court decision.\" Jane shakes her head harder and frustrated. \"I simply wont do it. I'll just.\" She stops when the doors open and everyone jumps and jolts their heads around to see who it was. \"Don't worry,\" Jill announces a more startled. \"It's just me. What's all this about?\" \"Like you didn't know mother,\" Jane spoke in frustration. She felt a shiver go down her spine because Jane had never once spoke in that tone to her mother ever before until now, still she kept going. \"You are in there planning a wedding behind my back about me that I don't want any part of.\" Jill's expression became sympathetic and it looked she as if she were about to start crying. \"I do not want this for you either Jane, the only thing is to grin and bare it, at least for your fathers' sake.\" \"If I may,\" Ra finally speaks up. \"I find it unfair that Jane has no say in this and what she really wants to do with her life.\" At this Jane glances up at Ra and plays a small grin on her face as Ra continues. \"It's very obvious that Tirian is thinking that he knows what is best for her when it isn't, only to continue the old ways from where he came from.\" Jill grins and nods her head in agreement to what Ra just said. Jane gets up and walks to Ra, he first wraps his arms around her and she follows into the tight hug. Jill smiles bigger. \"I'll tell your father I didn't see you Jane.\" With that she walks back out. Tristan watches as Ra and Jane still hugged. \"You two are killing me.\" He exclaims. Jane loosens from the hug with Ra and looks at her brother. \"I still don't understand clearly why Rufus would fight for my hand in marriage. He doesn't even fancy me at all.\" \"It's apparent that the Duke and Duchess only wants their son to marry someone from Arnia so they can claim this land as well.\" Tristan said. \"Why and how do you know this?\" Jane asks with a raised brow. \"To I guess one day claim Arnia officially, I overheard Rufus one day when we went to the lone islands.\" \"Why did you never bring this across before until now Tristan?\" Jane grew angrier. \"Because I didn't think that he would get his way or that you would fall in love for real.\" Tristan gestures to Ra. Tristan did have a point, but Jane still didn't see why he couldn't have warned their father about this in the first place. This wasn't an arranged marriage anymore it is a set up and Jane felt like bait. \"I need to get away from here right now.\" Jane gulps as she began to shiver again. Tristan didn't say anything as Jane went out the back door of the barn, Tristan lowers his shoulder and glances to the ground somewhat disappointed in himself, and Ra slowly follows Jane out back.[Chapter 23] I told you I was going to upload the chapters faster. While writing this I thought about this song I used to listen to when I was a kid called \"Crystal Clear\" by Jaci Velasquez. It's an amazing and gorgeous song. I sincerely recommend that some of you listen to it. It will forever change your life. Enjoy :) 8,000 B.C. After the hours of pure passion with his fiancée Nekta the young man comes back to the palace to take his post as main guard again. On his way there were people, slaves, beginning to quarrel and stir about in a horrid manner toppling over each other like wild beast. An elderly man fell down outside of the havoc. The young man could see in the old mans eyes, a look of fear and bewilderment. The young man insists on helping the elderly man taking his hand throwing an arm around the man to steady him as he stood up. The old mans knee was in really bad shape and blood seeped through his right ear. \"What just happened here?\" The young man asks in a devastating tone. \"Pacis,\" The elderly man tried and couldn't speak clearly. \"Punish us all,\" He stutters. \"People blame others.\" The young man finds a place where the old man could sit down and helps him sit on a steep slope and rams into the riot. \"Hey!\" He screams at the highest top from his lungs. The slaves depart with gawking eyes as they step away forming a circle around the young man. \"Go home everyone, just go.\" A whishing sound came from behind; the young man tosses his head around to see Pacis atop a hill tormenting someone with his whip. \"Pacis stop!\" The young man orders, though Pacis didn't seize his thrusting of the whip on the innocent slave so the young man jolts towards him. \"Pacis I said stop!\" Pacis continues tossing the whip back and forth. The young man thought of his plan of action as he still jolts. Unable to grab the whip behind Pacis as he tried to do the young man dives onto Pacis in a restraint slamming Pacis to the ground by wrapping his arms around his torso taking the plunge to stop him. \"You!\" The young man looks up at the slave from the ground locking Pacis' limbs with his knees and hands so he could not get up. \"Get out of here and go home now!\" The slave nods in a scared shiver and makes his way down, a trail of his blood following. The young man waited to see that the slave had gotten far enough before letting Pacis go which was a massive mistake to do. Once Pacis had the freedom to move again he makes a fist and strikes the young man on his bottom lip and shoves him off. \"Get yourself away from me boy!\" The young man tumbles down the hill by a few feet and caught himself. He slowly stands up giving Pacis a spiteful look with bulky eyes gasping for air. Instead of revolting on Pacis the young man just stood his ground professionally. \"I ordered you twice to stop what you were doing. Did you not hear me?\" \"I heard you alright,\" Pacis sneers and then smirks. The young man could now feel a driblet of blood stream down from his lip. He swipes it away holding onto his infuriated expression. \"Then why didn't you halt?\" \"Since when did I take orders from you?\" Pacis asked sternly narrowing his brows. The young man stares down at Pacis with rigid eyes. \"Since the Pharaoh gave me this job.\" Pacis rolls his eyes intensively. \"Well if you are going to do the job then at least do it right.\" The young man winces in confusion of what Pacis just said. Pacis carries on. \"These slaves slack off too much, you need to force them to work faster.\" \"How is whipping and scaring them into a frenzy helping them by picking up the pace?\" The young man asks in a factual way. Pacis takes a long agonizing huff. \"Because, it makes everyone else work faster to get the job done on time,\" Pacis glances at the young man who began to make an intimidating face. Pacis chuckles at the young man. \"Over time doing this my boy you will learn about putting these slaves in their place when they don't work harder for our Pharaoh.\" Pacis gazes even harder at the young man. \"Weren't expecting this were you? It's not too late now to turn down the job.\" The young man gives Pacis another harsh stare. \"You are not going to talk me out of this Pacis. I don't have to follow by your exact rules.\" \"It's the only way keeping them in line and if they aren't they'll end up turning on you, mock my words!\" Pacis threatens. \"Enough!\" The young man throws his hands up already done and annoyed with Pacis. \"What do you recall what already happened out here? I leave my post for only two hours and already you've caused the people into a riot. That's not keeping them in line.\" Pacis didn't say a one word, he only sneers at the young man, his eyes and brows shrinking into a menacing curve once more. \"The day after tomorrow,\" The young man continues. \"You will have no more control over me. When that day comes I never want to see you in my presence any longer.\" The young man turns from Pacis and takes his leave. Pacis watches the young man growing angry with obvious hate reflecting in his eyes as the sun begins to set. \"When I'm a heart with A splinter, Your blood keeps Me alive\" Present Day: Arnia Jane steps out into the woods as far as she could go to get far away from home. \"Jane!\" Ra's echo calls from behind and Jane stops gasping for air and faces Ra as he came through the brush throwing his arms around Jane, cradling onto her for dear life itself. \"I'm fine, I'm fine,\" Jane reassures Ra in his tight embrace as she spoke in complete melancholy. \"We could run away.\" Ra suggests a few seconds later. \"They'd find us easily out here anywhere.\" Jane replies a tad more calmly. They stayed in each others arms for a while before continuing on through the forest as Ra comforted Jane. They came across a fence so Ra climbs over it first and waits on the other side to help Jane down. \"I haven't come this way since I was very little. I used to believe I was exploring other worlds out here.\" Ra squeezes Jane's hand tighter. \"What is that sound?\" His eyes wander off. Jane silences herself to try and catch what Ra was hearing. \"I don't hear it. What does the noise sound like?\" \"It's coming somewhere up there between those hills.\" Ra follows the soft sound with Jane following him still holding onto his hand. Walking deeper into the pine forest Jane caught the rhythm of water beating down onto rocks. \"I hear it now.\" Jane manages a smile.\"I can't believe I've never heard it before until you've brought it up.\" Ra lets go of Jane's hand placing it on Jane's back to steady her balance up the fragile rocks. Over the hedge of rocks stood narrow pillars where water seeps through and falls down into a serene brook. Ra starts to roll is shirt up to his elbows and yanks it off. Jane watches as Ra throws the shirt over his head and onto the ground behind them. \"Ra you're not thinking of?\" \"Sure why not?\" Ra grins. \"For one we don't even know how steep the water is down there.\" Jane speaks in practical term. \"It funny how you always say you want to explore and take chances into doing new things yet you don't try to reach your destined potential\" Ra raises his eyes. Now Jane ascended her eyebrows giving Ra a competitive look as she slips out of her slippers and dress until she is just wearing her slip. Jane steps up to the cliff without hesitation and jumps. Ra quickly looks over the edge as Jane splashed in the water and felt relieved to see her come back up. Jane screams of joy as she came out. \"That felt great!\" \"I didn't mean it literally then in there Jane!\" Ra calls back with a wide smile across his face. \"Ra shut up and jump in. The water is fantastic.\" Ra listens to Jane and jumps in with her. His slashes fell on top of Jane as she laughs. She loved that Ra can take her mind off of just about anything. Ra swims underneath Jane swooping his arms around her, Jane turns around placing her hand near Ra's jaw line she brings him closer to her and massages his upper lip with her lips passionately, Ra continues her formation in kissing her back. When the kissing stops Ra nibbles Jane's ear gently and whispers. \"I saw something under the surface. Come I want to show you.\" Ra goes underwater as Jane grabs hold of his hand and goes under too. Jane had never opened her eyes under water before and thought that this was the time to always try anything. Jane dully opens her eyes up and the water came rushing up at her with a minty breeze like sting against her pupils at first, keeping them open Jane adjusted to the feeling that eventually went away. Jane can see an opening surface like Ra said. It was a bright shimmering blue and they were getting closer to it. They swam till they reached the bright blue surface jolting their heads up out of the water. They look around in amazement that surrounded them. An enlarged cavern lit up from the bright blue waters on the ceilings and walls, even a space of land which Ra noticed first off. \"Maybe we can run away here. I don't think anyone will ever know about this place.\" \"That is true, but,\" Ra turns his head around to look at Jane with a clueless look on his face as Jane continued on. \"A part of me still says that it wouldn't work.\" Ra lowers his eyes saddened mostly for her and for himself too. \"Is there anything we can do to be together?\" \"Yes,\" Jane hesitated a bit. \"It does go against the laws of the creator but I do not care. Ra I want to let you know that whatever happens to me in the future and if I get married I just want to let you know that you're the best thing that has ever happened to me.\" Ra swims closer up to Jane placing his forehead against hers. \"You are too.\" \"It's just,\" Jane smiles and laughs at herself. \"This is going to sound crazy but do you believe in reincarnation?\" \"All the time.\" \"Well,\" Jane still laughs at herself. \"From the moment I met you you've reminded me of someone, I don't know really maybe it's my excuse because I just love you so much and it came on all of a sudden.\" \"Don't kid yourself Jane,\" Ra cares Jane's cheekbone and Jane felt flushed suddenly. \"I already feel the same way so don't get embarrassed by it.\" There is a moments silence as Ra and Jane stared into each others eyes. \"What is your plan for us if you do end up getting married?\" \"A royal affair,\" Jane smiles up at him. VVVVVVV Early afternoon arrived and the Duchcess along with her family left Tirian and Jill's home. Tirian waits a few minutes after they left to go back to Cair Paravel and search for his daughter. Upon arriving Jane's professor lays his hand on Tirian's arm. \"Your majesty I was just looking for you.\" \"Professor Gyl this is going to have to wait for a moment. I'm looking for Jane.\" Tirian said respectfully. \"I didn't catch a glimpse of her inside the castle,\" Professor Gyl prompts. \"She's got me worried about her missed exam. Did she already speak to you about it?\" Tirian increases his eyes. \"No she didn't tell me anything about that.\" His expression fumes. \"Well it must not be that important to her to graduate since I did give her an extension to tell you and get permission to retake the exam.\" Tirian is at a great loss of words. This was very unlike his daughter to skip school and an exam at that. Without that exam being finished, she couldn't graduate and if she can't graduate then she can't get married off. \"Can we schedule her retaking the exam right now?\" Tirian asks and the professor nods his head obliging to do so.[Chapter 24] Grr, short chapter, next one will be bigger I promise. Like I said before no sex will come up in this story, however this chapter is very sensual and contains arousal feelings but it doesn't go any further then that. Enjoy! Present Day: Arnia Ra and Jane came out of the cavern and water. For an hour they laid out on the rocks to dry. Jane combs through her brown hair with her fingernails and fixes it into a braid that hangs over her shoulder. After that she puts her yellow laced dress back on then begins to seep her fingers through Ra's dark locks. Ra leans his head back onto Jane's chest in a relaxing sigh. \"Looks like it's going to rain soon,\" Ra said as he stares up at the sky. Jane glances up and flinches. \"I'm not ready to go back just yet.\" She throws her arms across Ra's shoulders laying her hands on his bare chest. They decided on what to do and that was to continue on into the woods. \"Hopefully we can out walk the rain coming.\" Jane said as Ra threw on his shirt and caught up with her at the bottom of the rocks. They kept going, Jane began to see new landscapes see didn't even knew existed, see and Ra were connecting differently too, in a great way. They were touching more often instead of just holding hands as they strolled along in the forest. Ra would wrap his arm around Jane's lower waist and his hand would lay on her thigh. They would also stop occasionally to face each other in tighter embraces where their lower abdomens would clasp and Jane would feel a sudden spark there. It excited her and made her want to do it more. Jane pulls Ra closer to her and passionately kisses his lips pressing her lower body to his again. That's when it happened, rain started to pour on top of them and Jane gasps as they were getting drenched again. They both look up and the rain clouds weren't even over them, only the sun was shown. Ra took hold of Jane's hand as they both laughed running through the forest getting soaked through their clothes. A few minutes later they came to a small barn and Jane opens the door with her free hand. \"We will walk out of the rains way? Right,\" Ra teases Jane as they went in. A horse neighs in the background inside the barn so they knew they were not alone, however they didn't care. \"Actually the rain has nice timing.\" Jane speaks in a soft sotto as she fingers Ra's shirt collar. Ra sensed what Jane was wanting, he wanted to falter, but he's wanted this moment to happen for so many millenniums with her and her only. Ra slowly and carefully caresses Jane's braid behind her shoulder, he loosens and moves Jane's shoulder strap and coming closer to her he kisses her neck on down to her throat. Jane tilts her head up in awe with her eyes closed blissfully as Ra lingered on the other side of her neck. Without warning Ra moves his arm and hand beneath her and picks Jane up walking to a cozier spot and lays her down. As Jane was lying down she quickly removes Ra's shirt as he came on top of her. Ra passes his hand under Jane's dress as he caresses her knee and thigh lowering himself onto Jane kissing her lips with a slip of his tongue inside of her mouth. He starts to slowly massage his bottom body against hers. Jane loved that sensation her body received. It was new and exciting, a feeling she never thought that could ever be real, it came to be surreal to her. She wraps her arms around Ra's back tightly and widens her legs as her lower half felt like everything was lengthening and tightening to the sensation growing. She moans and gasps, when she did this Ra stops kissing her lips and kisses her cheekbone down to the tips of her throat again. All at once, the ground began to shake and Ra and Jane stopped what they were about to do. Ra glances up when he hears a creaking sound on the top of the wooden roof. Ra steps in front of the frightened Jane as a log came down almost on them before Ra pushes Jane and himself back. \"Ra!\" Jane screams as she pulls him down with her when a sharp pitch fork fell and came whirling at them, almost hitting Ra and as he sat down with Jane it flew past him into the wall behind them. The earthquake carried strong winds with it as well. Ra thought it was impossible for that to happen. He shields Jane from the strong winds and the sounds of bark breaking outside with his arms around her and lays his head down onto hers until it was all over within two more minutes. Jill shivers in Ra's arms so he carefully slides his fingers back and forth through her hair. \"It's over Jane, everything's alright now.\" Jane still shivers as she looks around and slowly that subsides. Only that one log came down from the roof of the barn, behind her she saw the pitch fork in the wall above Ra's head. Once she saw that her eyes grew really big in terror. That was way too close to hitting Ra. She smiles at him with tears forming in her eyes and embraces him. \"Why did this happen?\" \"I'm not really sure,\" Ra replies embracing her back. \"But I want to find it out.\" He gets up and puts his shirt back on. Jane gets up and straightens out her dress and redid her braid. \"It was probably the storms winds along with an earthquake that just happened to go on at the same time.\" Jane said walking up to Ra. \"No I don't think so, the winds stopped at the same time as the quake,\" Ra replied staring deeply into Jane's eyes. \"And so did the rain,\" Jane points to the roofs opening with no rain drops coming through. \"I'm still going out to see,\" Ra said and Jane walks to the back of the stable retrieving the palomino horse. \"Just in case we go further out of our way,\" Jane shrugs and smiles. VVVVVVV Out at Cair Paravel, they got the earthquake and gust as well. Tirian helps most of the people there out from things fell on them, and the majority of everyone were not seriously injured. \"What was that?!\" A man in the crowd exclaims. \"It was big and round,\" A lady proclaims. \"Something landed over there. I see it with my own eyes.\" A younger man points to the west eastern side. \"It was a bright color, not lighting, it was too thick and was the shape of an oval.\" \"How far do you think it landed?\" Tirian asked the young man. \"Nay far your highness,\" The young man replied in an honorable tone to speak with his king and bows. \"Perhaps a mile long from right here or two.\" \"Would you mind showing me the way young lad?\" \"Not at all your majesty,\" The young man leads the way for King Tirian and the curious crowd follows them. So, what do think this all means? Stay tuned to find out ! :)[Chapter 25] Chapter took me longer to write because I just started and finished on my first college project for this semester. Whoopee. Anyways it's finally here. While writing this I listened to 2 brilliant songs I couldn't stop playing and that's \"Poison\" by Alice Cooper and \"Some Nights\" by Fun. i swear that lead singer from Fun has Freddie Mercury's voice. Should totally check that song out. Enjoy! 8,000 B.C. Today is the day for the young man's coronation as the Pharaoh's councilman. Everything was being prepared all day and it was now almost in the afternoon. The women of the palace helped decorate themselves for the event. A woman named Alliah helped Nekta with doing her makeup over with what she already did giving her a shinier complexion. Alliah raises her eyes with an unbidden smile. \"You are glowing more than usual Nekta, Keep it up and you'll look transparent through this.\" Nekta squints as she grins harder. She couldn't bare to keep it in herself any longer. \"He proposed the day before yesterday.\" \"That's great news Nekta, a councilman and he is a soldier too,\" Alliah exclaims excitedly for her friend. \"You two are set for life like Royals alongside the Pharaoh and his family.\" Nekta smirks and chuckles. \"No, we are going to live an hour away in a home we are both going to build together. It is an absolute beautiful place.\" Nekta spoke very flawlessly already imaging it in her mind. Alliah looks bewildered. \"But you both have everything here, out there you'll have to do work all the time.\" Nekta smiles and nods without a reply. She knows. \"Well,\" Alliah continues on changing the subject. \"Since I'm now interested in this occasion when is the wedding?\" \"We want to marry in the spring. By then we would've already worked on our home.\" Nekta glows a lot more as she speaks about her plans along with her fiancée. She couldn't wait to begin her life with him. \"When were you planning on telling everyone Nekta?\" Alliah asks in a teasing rage. \"Soon as we are still planning it out,\" Nekta gets up from her padded pillow and makes her way to the tents flab overturning it to glance outside. Nekta could see Kames standing far away with her man touching his shoulders looking eye to eye as they converse privately. Alliah joins Nekta as they glance out together. \"He is a fine young man Nekta,\" Alliah compliments. \"You did mighty well for winning his affection over.\" \"He really is a good man,\" Nekta curves her lips into a whispering 'O' and smiles. VVVVVV \"I'm not lecturing you,\" Kames said to the young man. \"I'm just letting you know that sometimes on this job you'll more than likely do something you wouldn't like to do. Pacis was right on some things he told you.\" \"I don't care what he said,\" The young man shakes his head. \"I've come up with a few strategies to discuss this matter with the Pharaoh.\" \"Man,\" Kames cringes almost enraged biting his lips and calms down before he continues. \"You can't just claim his councilman before discussing any strategies with him first. Your plans could backfire or not work.\" \"They will work Kames,\" The young man drifts away from Kames' clenching on his shoulders. \"I have to go stand in my place since it's about to start.\" VVVVVVV Everyone around the palace and village came up for the event as the Pharaoh makes his way out with his Queen who is now a few months pregnant. The Pharaoh etches the side of his beard and he raises his hands high to get a moments silence from everyone that came out that day. The young man glances towards Nekta from the back and Nekta looks back at him with a proud smile as she stood along with all the other maidens. The young man could see Nekta's caressing smile behind her sheer red veil covering her mouth and bottom nose. The young man mouths the words 'I love you,\" towards Nekta. Nekta smiles deeper back at him underneath her veil and mouths that she does too and turns back to look at the Pharaoh. \"Today we are gathering in the honor of a new prosperous year,\" The Pharaoh began his speech with his hands still risen bringing them to the length of his broad shoulders. \"With a few retirements happening, along with the splendid and happy news of my queen bearing the child that will one day take the place of me when I am one day gone.\" The crowd cheers a little when some clapped for the Pharaoh and their Queen. \"And now I would like to introduce my new,\" The Pharaoh began and ended in the most tragic way possible. A sharp and agonizing scream came from the queen as a sphere faster than lightening struck the Pharaoh straight through his heart and out from his back spine. Everyone in the crowd became speechless, not a murmur or gasp was heard in the few seconds that the Pharaoh looked out to them with the most perplexed and scared look before clashing to the ground and rolling down the steps of the palace dead. That was when everyone went into a shrieking frenzy. The young man is about to go and help when a loud cry came from the tall walls beside him. \"This young man right here did it! He's betrayed us and our own Pharaoh!\" Pacis shouts as he points to the young man. The young man looks up at Pacis infuriated and jolts his head quickly at the soldiers coming up toward him. \"No!\" Nekta screams and the young man looks over at her. Tears stream down her unbelievable expressional face as she was being held back from going to him. The young man ran in an abrupt pace away from the guards and crowd giving Nekta one last look before darting off. The guards gained on him as the young man reaches a long drop narrow bridge and the young man jumps over the ledge landing on his feet and makes way into a dark tunnel. He couldn't hear the footsteps behind him anymore so the only thing now running through his mind was the pharaoh, getting into deep turmoil for something he didn't commit and how to escape. At the end of the tunnel an arm and hand reaches out towards him from the side and the young man is thrusted up against the wall. \"Kames what the hell!\" his heart raced faster as he felt the intensity of everything that has just happened. \"I didn't do it like Pacis said I did.\" \"I believe you son,\" Kames shushes him. \"I was watching you the whole time. That sphere came out of nowhere.\" \"It was Pacis,\" The young man outbreaks. \"I was the one he blamed first off. I should've seen this coming.\" \"We'll talk once we get out of here. The guards should be arriving over here soon, quickly,\" Kames said and the young man run to the nearest horses and mounts on them in a rush getting out of there. Present Day: Arnia Queen Jill and Tristan stare straight up at the tall and odd circular object before them. It landed about fifteen acres away from where they were at. Queen Jill was glad to see that her husband the King Tirian came through the woods with most of their people from Cair Paravel. King Tirian nods to his wife happy to see that she was alright and looks up at the strange thing. Queen Jill speaks up. \"It's something electronic. I've seen such material in my homeland before, but never have I seen something like this.\" King Tirian walks in between the arches of the circular monument studying every detail engraved onto it. \"This is indeed some strange work here.\" King Tirian turns his glance across the other side of the wood hearing horse hooves beating on the ground. Squinting his eyes to see who was coming he saw two people, his daughter Jane sat on the back of the saddle, her arms wrapped tightly around Ra guiding the horse. Tirian cringes as he narrows his eyes at the sight of them. He looked outraged as his face turns red but he kept his mouth shut as Ra stares sternly at him back when he brought the horse to a stop and helps Jane down and mounts after her. Turning his attention away from King Tirian, Ra slowly gapes up at the object and his jaw suddenly drops lower then everyone elses. \"I've seen this before.\" He said walking up to it. \"Is it from another world?\" Jane asked looking at the object as well standing next to her twin brother Tristan. Ra didn't reply right away, he noticed that where King Tirian stood was a very dangerous spot. \"King you need to move out of the way from the iris.\" \"How do you come to know what this is?\" King Tirian asks harshly. \"Move or else if that thing turns on you'll be sucked away to your death.\" Ra exclaims bitterly. Tirian didn't ask anymore and steps out of the way like Ra said. Ra turns around to everyone first looking at Jane. \"This thing that you are all looking at comes from a galaxy species called the Goa'uld,\" Ra continues as he saw everyone was following him. \"It's a portal to reach other worlds throughout the universe or into a Goa'uld's starship.\" \"What about these as you say Goa'ulds?\" Tirian crosses his arms. \"What exactly are they?\" \"Parasites within humans, they use humans as hosts and portray themselves as ancient Gods,\" Ra replies looking at everyone and always landing his gaze upon Jane more than anyone else. \"They must've somehow found out about this world or else this stargate wouldn't be here.\" \"A stargate?\" Jane said almost mesmerized by the word as if she knew the term before. Ra already had his gaze on her. \"That's what this thing is. Once you set your destination on where you want to go you travel the speed of light across the galaxy to reach it.\" \"The real question is,\" King Tirian started and Ra turns his attention to the king again. \"Is why did the Goa'uld choose us and what will they do?\" Ra tried to find a way to explain this easily to everyone before he spoke again but there were no easy way. \"The Goa'uld are going to do things to prove to you that they are real Gods. If you show them that you are not convinced or try to fight with them they'll burn this whole place, they'll take you as hosts and grab your children from you.\" \"How do you know all of this?\" A man from the crowd asks. Everybody stares up at Ra waiting for his reply. \"Because I've learned this when I travelled through space before coming here.\" \"How did you come to be here then?\" Another person from the crowd asked. Ra shakes his head. \"I'm sorry but that's not important right now. I hope you people are listening to me because these Goa'uld, they don't stop at nothing to get people like you to believe in them as the real thing.\" \"We believe in only one God and that is Aslan,\" Tirian narrows his eyes again tightening his arms as he kept folding them. 'Please just trust me on what I just told you.\" Ra softly plead to the king. King Tirian gives Ra a long pondering look before deciding to nod his head at Ra's idea.[Chapter 26] Finally I couldn't wait to get to this part. Some sensual stuff but not bad it's actually kinda funny. So I hope you enjoy it! Present Day-Earth-SGC \"Colonel,\" Sam Carter came back to the locker room a few seconds after leaving Jack O'Neill to change out his uniform having something to say after she had forgotten. \"I just came up with a strategy about,-\" Sam gasps as she closes her eyes embarrassed as Jack was shirtless and pulls his pants back up quickly. \"I'm sorry.\" Sam says in a faint giggle. \"Carter,\" Jack exclaims. \"May I remind you that a locker room is a dressing room?\" That sarcastic fireball whipped out. \"I know I'm not looking,\" Sam said covering her eyes with her hand. \"I'll meet you out in the hallway.\" She begins to turn away and walk out. \"Carter wait,\" Sam stops and turns around with her hand still over her eyes. \"Yes Colonel?' \"How about we discuss that strategy of yours at my place when we get off?\" Jack suggests giving her an open invitation. 'I don't know sir, I've got things,\" Sam thought about the things she needed to do and get done but she simply could not think of anything at all. Plus she was too quiet for too long, if she thought of something now then Jack would know that she was lying. \"There's a meteor shower tonight and I'm barbequing,\" Jack said with one of his puppy pout expressions. Even with her eyes closed Sam knew he was making that puppy face of his. \"Okay,\" Sam replies. Sam walks out of the locker room and meets up with Daniel and Teal'c outside in the hall. \"Someone's glowing.\" Daniel said in an obvious tone to Sam sticking his hands in his pockets. Teal'c stands by Daniel's side consuming in the information from Daniel's words and Sam's posture and face as he looked on with his expressionless frown. Now Sam hid her face and her peaking smile. Just then an officer came walking around the corner in the hall. \"SG-1, General Hammond wants to see you all in his office immediately.\" He said. Jack walks out of the locker room in a t-shirt and jeans, seeing everyone there looking at him with pale looks made him feel weird and scared on the inside as he tilts his head and furrows an eyebrow. \"What are you all staring at?\" He asked with a gulp and suspiciously. \"General Hammond has called us to see him,\" Teal'c informed him. Jack takes in a deep breath and exhales annoyingly as he tosses his head in a frustrated manner. \"For crying out loud!\" He then looks at everybody. \"Again?\" They all nod lethargically without saying a word and walk together towards General Hammond's office. As they walk in everyone took their usual seats. Jack was the only one who didn't try his hardest to show that he was somewhat happy to be there like everyone else, instead he came in with an intolerant utterance as he took his seat and faces it towards Hammond. \"Hi,\" Jack said raising his brows in his sarcastic tone. Daniel winces nervously through his glasses hoping that Jack doesn't go off a deep end as Sam only rolls her eyes with a distant grin. \"Colonel, I want to go home too,\" General Hammond spoke. \"But what some people in the control room have discovered will definitely fascinate all of you.\" Everyone leans in interestingly as Jack made the effort to listen to what the general was about to say. \"From what they've gathered is a new chart detecting an unknown stargate that came up this morning on radar.\" \"In other words a Goa'uld just placed it there,\" Sam said theoretically with wide eyes. \"If that is what you're indicating, I assume so,\" General Hammond said. \"We have already tested it out by sending a camera device there through the worm hole and it is legit. I want you SG-1 to check it all out. The SG-1 team accepts the mission although Jack didn't look so pleased about it. 8,000 B.C. Kames and the young man rode away fast without stopping for rest or water by the Nile River. Nightfall came as they reached the hills before coming closer to Kames' village and the young man rears his horses reins, pulling it strongly with anger bring the horse to an abrupt halt. The young man mounts off and walks lifelessly as if being controlled by strong power towards the cliff where he could see the kingdoms figments which what looked like it was settled at the edge of the world. He kicks the dirt and threw a rock towards it and afterwards lets out a loud and rough scream as he falls to his knees looking fierce as he grits his teeth growling through them letting out all the pains and suffering he was feeling in that moment but they could not leave him. \"We must carry on young lad,\" Kames prompts the young man. \"I know how much you were looking forward to your new job alongside our now deceased Pharaoh. If we stay here I cannot hide you and we'll be caught.\" \"Nekta is still over there,\" The young man said forming fists as gets back up. \"I don't want anything bad happening to her either.\" \"You can't go back and she is the palaces property,\" Kames denied the young mans thoughtful wishes. \"Then I will fight,\" \"You and what army? Because they are all on Pacis' side now.\" Kames didn't want to speak it truthfully but he wanted to make the young man think rationally. The young man had nothing else to say because he couldn't come up with anything else at that moment to persuade Kames to help him get his fiancée back so he looks on to the kingdom silently and hopeless like a speck of dust in the wind. VVVVVV Nekta stands with the Queen on her royal balcony. Nekta looks off in the great distance on where it was said her man took off. \"I still do not believe with all my heart that he killed your king your majesty.\" The Queen nods. \"I feel that you are correct Nekta,\" She sighs deeply. \"The king trusted and loved him as if he were his own son. I'm fretting that the real murderer is out there right now thinking of his new plan.\" Just then the doors open and two guards forcibly take the queen out of the room without questioning. Once she was out and Nekta glances around scared and confused without having any inkling of what is happening. Later Pacis walks through the door dressed in jewels he's never worn before and looked very similar to the Pharaoh's jewels. \"Why am I here?\" Nekta asks shivering. The vibe Pacis threw out was very unsettling. Pacis doesn't answer Nekta straight away, he slithers like a snake towards her and she jumps running into a dresser, ignoring the bruise she just made on her elbow and gets behind the dresser frightened. \"I will not hurt you Nekta,\" Pacis whispers giving a creepy grin. What made it very creepy was that he is near a stand up plate of fire and the shadows on his face made him appear to look like a demon. \"I would never hurt the dear queen.\" Nekta narrows her eyes at Pacis. \"Queen?\" \"Yes and I am made Pharaoh and together this place is ours to rule.\" Pacis widens his arms as if expecting Nekta to leap onto him, instead Nekta looks at Pacis with disgust. \"I would never rule by your side. I have a fiancée.\" Nekta exclaims. \"Besides it's the Queens duty to make that kind of decision now that the pharaoh is dead.\" \"The Queen has no authority over me,\" Pacis says harshly making his way around to Nekta where she is pushed up against the cold wall and Pacis has his arms guarding her on the wall on both sides of her. \"Not without her unborn child she can't do anything about it.\" Nekta pants as her fear rises with Pacis blocking her escape, his face in hers. It looked like Pacis was about to kiss her and he was. In order to stop it Nekta worked up some spit and spat in his face. Pacis knocks Nekta down with a back hand slap across her face. He looks down on her wiping her spit from his cheek and eye with an angry look at first and chuckles as if he were drunk. \"My apologies, oh my temper does get the best of me at times.\" He then traces his fingers around Nekta's necklace that the young man gave her and jerks it off. Nekta lays her hand on the bruise that Pacis gave her as it throbs tremendously. Pacis continues. \"I can see that the lioness needs her privacy, get a good nights sleep princess because in three days you're mine.\" With that he turns away and closes the double doors behind. Once Nekta could get up she runs towards the doors and tries to jolt them open but they would not budge. She slams her fist on the door after calling for help and as she gave up she crumbles to the ground and breaks out into tears.[Chapter 27] Finally another chapter! College got busy again but it will not ever stop me for good muahahaha. This is a good one so please enjoy. Present Day – Earth – SGC The SG-1 Team dress in their combat suits and boots as Teal'c stood waiting for them since he is always dressed in his SG suit because he can't leave the primacies of SGC because of him being a Jaffa and carried a Goa'uld symbiote. \"I hope wherever we are going we get a vacation out of it there.\" Jack snarls. Sam laughs as she places her hat on the top of her head. \"Colonel, I'm sure this mission will be simple, its estimated age is approximately twenty to twenty five years.\" \"Sam's right,\" Daniel joins in. \"With it being a fresh world organisms would be resilient to-,\" \"Daniel!\" Jack exclaims loudly. He did not want to hear scientific talk from Daniel or Sam. \"Daniel Jackson,\" Teal'c said when silence began to fill around the room. \"I believe Sam Carter may be wrong with her theory first off.\" Jack tunes everyone out of his head as the discussion continued and he began humming loudly. \"How am I wrong? Logically it would,\" Sam stops rambling over Jacks humming as the Stargate room door slides open and they walk in as Jack had stopped his loud hums. General Hammond is up in the control room as the SG-1 team can see him through the stainless glass above across the room from the stargate as it turns on dragging the liquidly worm hole of the gate outwards and came back. He wished them all good luck as usual like he did in every one of their missions. The team walks up the ramp one by one and went through as the universe pulls them in. Arnia – Present Day The circular object rotates with an odd mechanical sound that made the Arnian's jump and gasp really terrified. Ra glances up at it and quickly jolts out of the way and orders the people in the front to move. \"Remember the plan.\" Ra said lastly as a blue liquid took form in the middle of the circular thing and outstretches. As the liquid pulls back four human figures stand at the foot of the circling gate looking upon everybody that were standing there that were gazing back with vacant expressions. Mostly Ra looked shocked then any of them. Firstly three of the human figures looked familiar. He recognized Daniel Jackson, the man who had escaped the alien inside of him and the reason why his right hand was gone. Also Jack O'Neill, the guy who brought the bomb onto Abydos to destroy him and the alien. Though those two hardly made him nervous then when he saw the tall, dark muscular Teal'c. Teal'c he's known for a while when the alien still consumed him, Teal'c is the Guardian of Apophis, the second most threatening Goa'uld out there until after the alien Ra died, that had to make him the first now. Teal'c eyes Ra and narrows his eyes as Ra sneers. \"Jaffa,\" Ra said and continued to say other few things that no one in the crowd could understand as he gritted through his teeth, but also because he was speaking in an entirely different language too. Teal'c said something back and again in a different language, the same as Ra's harshly. Teal'c whips his staff up and points it at Ra. The crowd began to scream went crazy trying to cover themselves. \"Teal'c,\" Jack said laying a hand on the staff lowering it yet still look upon Ra suspiciously. \"Ra?\" Daniel shivers looking at him too. Tirian stands behind Ra and whispers to him from behind his shoulder. \"What sort of plan is this?\" Ra ignores Tirian's question and shakes his head no to Daniel's looking at him nervously and then to Jane. Jane looks at him oddly her head tilted in confusion. \"Do not lie,\" Teal'c said sternly. He kept the staff low but was ready at any given moment to point it back. \"Why don't you tell these people here who you are instead,\" Ra shot back at Teal'c very angry. Teal'c taunts his expression became very aggressive. He walks stiffly with the same expression up to Ra, everyone growing nervous and takes him by the shirt with one fast grip dragging him towards the stargate as Ra struggles to get loose. \"Teal'c he's got no weaponry on him,\" Daniel came into defense. Jack gets a better look at Ra approaches them as Teal'c continued to drag him up the steps of the stargate. \"Well I'll be damned. Remember me Tut?\" He said in Ra's face. \"Leave him alone!\" Jane screams at them making sure that they see her away from the crowd with an apprehensive look. \"This could just be a look alike you guys,\" Sam said sorrowfully. Teal'c studies the young man some more and shakes his head. \"No I get a feeling from my symbiote inside that this is Ra.\" \"Yes his name is Ra,\" Jane exclaims loudly. \"He hasn't done anything wrong so let him go!\" Ra looks at Jane sympathetically. She didn't know because he didn't want to tell her of his frightening past. Instead of looking angry anymore he looked hopeless. The SG-1 team stands back from Ra, all except Teal'c. Ra's expression began to scare Jane. \"That is you didn't do anything horrible before we met, did you?\" She asks him. Everyone turns to Ra to see what he has to say to Jane. He took in a deep breath and swipes his arm across where Teal'c is grabbing him and he lets go. Ra did not budge to make an escape and kept all of his focus on Jane. \"I did do awful things,\" Ra stated and his nerves kicked in which made him quiver all over as he continued. \"I am over nine thousand years old. I was sixteen like I am now when I was taken aboard a ship on earth where I once lived, I was a good young man and with a bright great future then,\" He looks at Jane with deep compassion. \"Though something happened and I looked for revenge so I became a human host to an alien that no longer consumes me named Ra, who pretended to be a false God and yes he made me do horrible things upon people. I carry his name because I cannot remember my own.\" There is a moments silence as Jane looks upon him frightened and somewhat mad then she ever was and ever will be. Jack speaks up. \"You know you can always make up a name,\" Jack sways his hand in an obvious and sarcastic manner. \"Just a suggestion.\" \"I didn't have time to think of one,\" Ra said without glancing at Jack and still focused on Jane. Jane glances away from Ra's stuck gaze on her wrapping her arms across each other biting her top lip. \"How did you come here?\" Sam asked Ra. Ra looks down at the ground beneath him. \"All I could remember was Ra growing very angry inside of me when the bomb came up into the starship. I left when there was only a few seconds left on the clock.\" \"Left?\" Teal'c raises a lazy brow. \"That I was leaving Ra or he was leaving me.\" Just thinking about it gave him a migraine. \"I was floating through space and I ended up in a meadow here where I met Jane almost instantly.\" \"Is Jane the loud one I assume?\" Jack asked looking at Jane. Ra follows his direction and nods his head. \"That's her.\" He whispers. \"You are not Goa'ulds?\" King Tirian quickly asks before some one else intruded in the ever long conversation. \"No,\" All four of the SG-1 team said at once, Jace continued to say no at least five more times. The King Tirian introduced himself and everyone else except Jane and Ra to the team. Sam and Daniel discussed to the king what they do, about how they explore other worlds using the stargate, the portal to other worlds King Tirian was glad to figure out. Ra approaches Jane and couldn't find words to say because he knew by looking at her that he had upset her. Jane looks up at him with a cold stare. \"I thought we could trust each other with everything.\" She said and walks away into the woods away from everybody disappointed. Ra thought it was best not to follow her this time. He's seen her upset but never to this point that felt like there was no return. The SG-1 team told the king that they would camp out at the stargate to make sure that no Goa'uld or any dangerous predators would get past them. Teal'c wanted to keep Ra with them to have his eyes on him at all time because he was still suspicious of him then the rest of the team. Ra kept his eyes on Teal'c as well for he did not trust him either. 8,000 B.C. Kames and the young man reached the village and no matter how many times Kames would prompt the young man to relax and eat something he would refuse. Kames kept close watch on him because he knew the young man was vulnerable and impulsive enough to sneak right past him and run away back to the palace to reclaim Nekta. That night when the young man pretended to be asleep the sound of horse hooves came to a halt outside of Kames' hut. \"Kames!\" Came a loud and familiar roar. The young man stood up ferociously at Pacis' tone. \"Woah,\" Kames exclaims in a lower voice. \"You are going to go hide. He's out probably looking for you.\" \"Then let me go greet him with my fist,\" The young man tries to pass through Kames but with Kames being a lot more strongly built then he is kept him away from the door as the footsteps grew louder outside. \"Do as I say,\" Kames pushes him. The young man listened opening up a door handle on the ground and walks beneath it. Kames closes and hides the door putting more cushions on top of it. There came a knock and Kames opens the door. \"Pacis\" he bows. \"Pharaoh soon.\" Pacis said snarky. \"Where did you go after our dear Pharaoh was murdered?\" \"I was chasing down the murderer of course.\" The young man listened on to everything being said under the dark ground, Pacis' voice always made him shiver in an unpleasant way. \"Yet you are here in your tiny little home,\" Pacis raises his eyebrow. \"Why aren't you out there still looking?\" \"Pacis I lost sign and his tracks of where he might of went,\" Kames said apologetically. \"Plus my son heard news about what happened and I wanted to be there for him.\" \"Oh?\" Pacis sneers. \"And where might your son be right now at this moment that you are here?\" The young man down below leans against rocks that fell beneath him, he turns around seeing moonlight and begins to crawl his way out. \"My son had to go to spear practice,\" Kames continues. The young man makes his way out about to dart to the palace when he stopped and realized he could end it with Pacis once and for all now. At his side outside is Kames' weapons on a table where he sharpens them. The young traces his fingers on which weapon he wanted and tightly grips his hand on a dagger. He went and hid behind the hut to wait for Pacis to come out. \"You just think about it Kames,\" Pacis said opening the door as he came out. The young man waited, Pacis closes the door and slowly walks towards his horse singing to himself. When he reached a certain point the young man came from behind him with the dagger prepared to slice him open like a piece of loaf bread. He knew he shouldn't have done this but the young man lets out a strong and emotional cry before wanting to strike him. Pacis turns around and blocks the dagger from striking him in the back. The dagger flew out of the young mans hand and Pacis elbows him beneath his chin and throws his other fist on the young mans stomach hard, then trips him. The young man lays down on the ground breathless and pants for air. Pacis picks up the dagger and drives it through the ground an inch away from the young mans face. Kames cames walking out of the door at this point. \"Pacis no.\" He plead. \"I wouldn't want to kill him anyways. I want him alive just to see what I will become and who I will be ruling alongside with. That will bring me pleasure more than anything.\" Pacis smirks bringing the dagger out of the ground. Kames came up behind the young man and helps him to sit up. The young man frowns at Pacis. \"So all of this has to do with me seeing you become Paraoh? Why do you think that would make me think greater of you?\" The young man snarls. \"Not only that you foolish brute,\" Pacis exclaims. \"You were going to take everything away from me so I took away something most precious away from you. Your delicate flower.\" \"Nekta?\" The young man said with raised eyebrows in a shocked way. Pacis grins and throws him the pieces of the engagement necklace to him. Anger grew in the young man again. \"You son of a bitch!\" He was about to attack but Kames held him back. Pacis laughs jumping on top his horse. \"She will be my wife within three days. You know I am giving you an open invitation.\" He laughs some more and kicks at his horses side to go. Kames and the young man watch as he takes off and disappears into the night. \"I have to stop him,\" The young man said. \"We must gather all the men in the village and stop him!\" He repeated. \"Listen to me now,\" Kames grabs the young mans attention. \"What makes you think war will work?\" \"Pacis said it himself,\" The young man said rationally. \"He's giving me an open invitation.\"[Chapter 28] Hiya! :D I hope you readers enjoyed the last chapter. I wrote this all day as I watched Disney's Hercules and now I'm watching The Lion King on abc Family. I love how great movies like these could push me to write. Absolutely love that line \"People do crazy things when they are in love.\" from Hercules. I'm going to try and name a chapter in this fandom with that quote. It's so precious. Anyways enjoy! ;) Arnia - Present Day To get rid of some of the anger building up in her Jane went out to practice her archery on the dart boards behind her home. She did badly as her brothers. Deep down behind her anger she felt both devastated and hurt. Out of all the people she thought she could trust, she knew now she could never love someone and stuck that to her true instinct again because she felt she would only be let down. What hurt the most is that Ra kept coming into her head when she was wanting to forget, she wanted to forget that the whole week of romance with Ra had never existed. No matter how hard he was there. Jane wanted to concentrate on doing something else and walks up towards the house where her father the King Tirian met her going out. \"Come here,\" He finger motions to Jane to come with a firm expression on his face. Jane bites down on her bottom lip nervously as she walks towards him. \"Father if this is about Ra and I nothing else is going to happen between me and him I promise.\" Tirian looked even more infuriated and Jane soon realized instantly that what she had just said wasn't the topic on her father's mind and knew she was going to have to get ready for a big punishment coming her way with whatever else was bothering him. \"I spoke to your professor today,\" King Tirian said crossing his arms. \"He said that you didn't show up for your last final exam.\" Jane thought and soon remembered that moment as if it never happened and found it embarrassingly odd that she had forgotten all about it. \"Father I was going to tell you.\" \"When exactly Jane?\" He exclaims. \"That exam was days before I left. When were you going to tell me?\" \"I was,\" Jane replies in a vulnerable tone. \"After the Ball I was going to tell you because you were so stressed out then and,-\" \"That was irrational of you Jane,\" Tirian points at her and Jane shoots back scared that her father might've actually hit her. Tirian continues. \"Anyways I consider us both lucky that he is actually accepting that you go and take it tomorrow. Jane if you don't pass this exam then you'll disgrace our country and the Lone Islands.\" Jane winces and slightly nods her head. \"I'm sorry that I am a disgrace to you.\" \"Jane you didn't listen,\" King Tirian said shaking his head. No, Jane knew exactly what she was saying and what he was saying as well. Jane just chose not to think like her father. \"Yes I am,\" Jane replied crystal clear. \"Sure if I don't pass it then everyone in Arnia will think I missed a great opportunity to be queen, even you. But you have been so selfish over me for the last few years. You don't care what I want in life. You just want to give me away.\" Tirian's angry expression withers away and he said nothing else and couldn't find the right words to say to Jane. Jane rolls her eyes and walks to the door. \"Also just so you know,\" Jane turns around for one last remark. \"I will pass it so you can get what you want as always.\" Jane goes straight up to her room and lays on her bed until she fell asleep. Tirian thought through everything Jane had told him that night. Jill even left him alone with his thoughts instead of lecturing him like she usually did when he had problems with Jane. He never really knew what Jane wanted out of life, but what got him the most is that this was the first real personal conversation he's had with Jane in a few years. King Tirian felt a bond that he used to have with his daughter finally breaking. VVVVVVVV Back at the Stargate the sun began to set as the SG-1 team finally got their two tents set up. Sam got first call to watch Ra that night while Jack, Daniel and Teal'c stayed in the other tent playing Bullshit, the card game. Sam and Ra could hear a few arguments from them, sometimes Sam would chuckle in a low tone when it was Jack that argued over the game. Ra was silent in a corner of the tent resting his back and head as he leans against the thick fabric with his eyes wide open looking the opposite way from Sam. Sam places her gun away because she didn't feel threatened by Ra. To her he seemed like a real typical teenager instead of a host for a Goa'uld. \"I'm really sorry about all of this. I wish that there were some way to prove to Teal'c that you aren't carrying a Goa'uld symbiote.\" It took a while for Ra to glance Sam's way. \"That's the bad thing about Jaffa's. I'm actually surprised you all trust him. They can be very deceiving at most times.\" \"He rescued us from Apophis,\" Sam takes her hat off and sets it on a box beside her where she sat down. \"He actually deceived his own master to free most of the slaves on the planet Chulak.\" Sam pauses for a few seconds. \"So in a way he is good.\" Ra had nothing else to say on the matter about Teal'c or Apophis at that as well. He disliked them both greatly. \"It was not a Goa'uld symbiote that inhabited me.\" Sam looks interested and actually came to sit closer to Ra. \"Could you please tell me what did?\" She knew this would go great with a thesis on her studies so far with the SG-1. \"I remember being brought into the ship and standing face to face with it. Ra had already inhabited a different species that was already dying so he came out of his host and into me.\" \"Yes that is what Goa'ulds do don't they?\" Sam asked in a bit of confusion. \"This wasn't a Goa'uld though,\" Ra explained. \"It was a transparent being of some kind that went into me. It didn't hurt at all. It did take control of everything I did and erased most of my memories.\" \"How did you know he erased your memories?\" \"I knew as they began to come back when I met Jane here. I know that I was somebody other than a false God I couldn't control.\" Ra said. Sam smiles, \"So I take it that girl Jane reminded you of someone special you once knew.\" A grin forms on Ra's face. \"Do you believe that reincarnation is an offer of second chances?\" Sam knew exactly what he meant and although she preferred to think more logically than reincarnation she nods her head anyways. \"Yes.\" At that moment Sam witnessed as Ra's face seemed to glow on the topic of Jane. That made her realize 100 percent that he was no longer a host, no Goa'uld or whatever he was would react in a loving was as he did. \"I really messed up for not telling her the whole truth about who I was,\" Ra said. \"I want her back.\" \"She'll probably come around soon.\" Sam said in a comforting tone. \"The way how she stood up for you today really shows how much she cares for you.\" Sam notices Ra's wrist where he lost his right hand on Abydos and how it hadn't healed. She continued. \"Daniel told me about you losing a hand from the stargate rays. I'm surprised it hasn't healed yet.\" Sam asked his permission if she could see it, Ra obliged giving Sam his arm. \"It's getting better,\" Ra said. \"It's only been two in a half weeks since so,-\" \"Weeks?\" Sam spoke spontaneously which made Ra jump and stopped what he was saying. \"It's been two years since the mission.\" Ra raises his eyebrows at her. It couldn't have been that long, he thought. VVVVVV King Tirian and his Queen Jill began to get ready for bed and the talk he had with his daughter Jane was still upsetting him. \"Do you believe I'm rushing Jane into doing something she doesn't want to do?\" Queen Jill lightly chuckles as she fixes her side of the bed and pillows. \"Have you ever talked or asked her about it?\" she asked sarcastically. \"I didn't know I would have to, I always thought that she was well prepared for this\" Tirian argues in an exclaiming whisper. \"You thought Tirian, you didn't know.\" Queen Jill said pulling the covers over and sinks down into bed. \"You didn't know because it was something you wanted her to do and you've completely shut her out the last few years.\" Tirian looked a lot more sympathetic. It was what Jane had told him. Queen Jill sighs. \"Tirian I don't want to make you feel any worse, but it's true. I don't blame dear Jane for feeling like you are very ready to give her off and so young too. Back on earth this would be considered a disgrace.\" \"Well here it is very different Jill,\" King Tirian shakes his head. \"Hm,\" Queen Jill said with a pondering face tapping her chin with her fingers. \"Something reminds me of this, perhaps it was how we got together. Your mother and kingdom wanted to see you marry off that princess from Archenland but you didn't love her,\" \"And then you came along,\" King Tirian said smiling down on her. \"And wont you look at us now,\" Queen Jill said. \"No disgrace came out of it and everyone turned out happy.\" She pulls on her husband's wrists to join her in bed. \"It's not too late to earn your daughter back.\" King Tirian wraps his arm around his wife and she snuggles up closely to him looking up into his eyes. \"Jill?\" \"Yes?\" Queen Jill asks. \"I see you.\" Queen Jill smiles and pecks the tip of King Tirian's nose. \"I see you.\" They both fell asleep in each others arms. 8,000 B.C. \"What's not to get?!\" The young man exclaims to the men in the village that he and Kames gathered up. \"This man Pacis murdered our own Pharaoh so he could take his place.\" A lot of the men would reply that whatever happened was not their business and were not going to open war upon the palace. \"We cannot do that!\" Spoke one of the men in the village. \"If we did those guards would burn our village and pick off on our families.\" The young man sighs but realized he was right. There was a huge risk factor that if everything didn't go according to plan it would place the families in a lot of danger. The men dismiss themselves away from the gathering. \"Sorry,\" Kames told the young man. \"Don't be,\" The young man said firmly. \"I'm still going back with or without all of them.\" He walks from Kames' side and mounts on his horse. \"Wait wait!\" Kames calls from behind waving his hands. \"Kames I've already decided and I'm sticking to it,\" The young man said defending himself. \"I'm going and there's nothing you could say or do that'll be able to stop me.\" \"I'm coming along with you so hold your horse,\" Kames said darting over to his stirrup on his horse and swings leg around. \"Once we reach the nile we'll talk strategy plans.\" The young man grins at Kames and they were off back to the Palace.[Chapter 29] Hello guys! First off I would love to thank most of you for the continuous reviews and gaining more fans. There's just one thing that irked me about a recent reviewer. While I liked the feedback I did not like that you called another Ra/OC story crap. I'll admit I'm not a huge Mary Sue fan like you stated but do not and please people in the future rephrase from doing so. It's not nice, please critique my work only. Sorry if the chapter seems a bit short or slow I'm really just not feeling good and I'm busy too. However I really want to finish this story soon. Enjoy. Netos came into the control room of the starship. \"Jaffa's are we now ready?\" The Jaffas nod and bow at his question. Arnia – Present Day Sam talked with the rest of the SG-1 team that night with what she had discovered about the world of Arnia with Ra. That there was either a time difference or Ra's host had traveled through space that lasted 2 years somehow going the speed of light. In the morning Sam wanted to go have a look around the peaceful land and Jack obliged himself to go out with her as Teal'c and Daniel kept watch on Ra. Ra was the only one that night that hadn't gotten any sleep at all. The conflict between him and Jane was still putting him down that every time he would close his eyes he would see the disappointment on her face. Dark sleepless circles had formed around the corners and below his eyelids. Most of all Ra was scared that he and Jane would be apart after this. He glances at Teal'c. Does this Jaffa ever change his expression? He though. Teal'c had been giving Ra the same glare since yesterday, not even a gust of stingers would make him blink. Every time Ra would look at the Jaffa glancing back at him, he couldn't do it for too long or over just a few seconds, he could not. The sneering look in the eyes of Teal'c intimidated him more then he felt when he was still a host to the alien. Ra had to remember he was no longer the threatening false God that he was so if he were to go against Teal'c anymore he'd be outnumbered, literally. When Ra looks at Daniel he only glanced at the side of his left eye instead of looking straight ahead at him, he was nervous to do so as he still remembered what had happened and how his alien threatened his life and friends. Also he was the one responsible for his right hand being gone. While he still could not blame him for it being done, it was still angering him. Nothing was being said between anyone, not even Teal'c or Daniel broke the silence between each other for the first ten to fifteen minutes it felt like. \"Does it still hurt?\" Daniel asks in a shaky voice to Ra. Ra looks at Daniel surprised that he would even talk to him. \"Somewhat it does every now and then,\" Ra shrugs. \"Though not as bad like it was at first.\" There was another moments silence after Daniel nods as he confirmed what Ra had told him. They both knew that if they were to bond a friendship it would take some more time. VVVVVVV Sam and Jack made their way into a small village as the sun came to its' highest, the one close to where Jane and her family lives. The strong and sweet aroma of bakery and cooked meat filled the air as they came walking through. \"It seems these people are no different from us.\" Jack said as he speculated the small villa and the people in there. \"Exactly,\" Sam said looking around her surroundings interestingly. \"It seems as though these people take after the ones on Chulak, only a lot more peaceful.\" Some of the people came up to Jack and Sam offering them baked breads, sausage, French toast, and fruits. They greatly appreciated it and were going to take it all back to their base. Sam then caught of glimpse of Jane walking into the village with her twin brother Tristan from a distance. He goes off into one of the villas as Jane who looked sleepless like Ra makes her way to an outdoor market. Sam excuses herself from Jack and stands next to Jane. \"Hello.\" Sam said and Jane glances at her from the corner of her eye. \"Hey.\" Jane replies sort of jaded but manages a short smile at the end. \"You know Ra has been missing you a lot since yesterday.\" Sam said. Jane pretended to know that name 'Ra' as she tilts her head in thinking. \"I do not know this Ra person you speak of or why he would be missing me.\" Jane pauses as she gathers a small crate of fruits and continues. \"As soon as he realizes his real name and can know how to tell the truth,\" Jane didn't want to talk about it anymore and bites her bottom lip. \"Sorry, but I have an exam to go do.\" \"Jane,\" Sam spoke softly and as Jane had already began to walk off she quickly halts heaving in the air roughly as her expression was clearly upsetting. Sam caught up with Jane. \"It's not his fault okay, it's a bit more complicated.\" Jane winces. \"I know he can't remember, but he could've at least been honest. I would've understood and he said himself that I could trust him. How can I now?\" Jane said keeping her tone down so no one would stare nor hear her or else they would gossip this everywhere. \"Deep down he might've been scared to tell you that part of his life. He wanted to show you the real him not who he was forced to be with no control at all.\" Sam explained. \"It was also to protect you as well.\" \"Protect me?\" Jane asks. \"He didn't want you to know the secrets in the universe,\" Sam's tone became lower. \"If you know too much then the Goa'uld would see you as a threat, especially being involved with a previous host.\" Sam looked at Jane as it was obvious the girl started to change her perspective and ponders. After several seconds Jane looks back up to Sam. \"I still need to get to my exam on time.\" Sam nods and moves out of Jane's way to let her pass by. Jane walks her usual route to the schoolhouse. It felt like a regular school day to her and got side tracked a couple of times. She was brought back to reality when passing through the spot where she had seen Ra and took care of him that day. She shakes her head, everything was reminding her of Ra. Even when she tried to go to bed her strange childhood dreams came back of the man with no name who reminded her greatly of Ra, and she kept waking up upon seeing his face. Jane's professor stood at the foot of the schoolhouse as he waited for her. \"Think you'll do good over your long break?\" \"I'm hoping to.\" Jane said as they both walk in and Jane sat in her regular seat and her professor came up with the long paged exam. \"I'm giving you an hour and a half to complete it.\" He said sternly handing her a pencil. Jane takes it and nods as she looks over it. VVVVVV There came a loud coordinate signal outside of the SG-1 base camp. It was loud enough to shake Ra out of his sleep when he couldn't stay up any longer. Daniel tilts his head in many ways as Teal'c only sways his eyes back and forth. \"Is that the Stargate?\" Daniel spontaneously spoke when no one said anything. \"Indeed.\" Teal'c said as he stiffly gets up to his feet and the sound of the wormhole came then afterwards the language of Jaffa's. \"Jaffa Kree!\" A loud husky voice said upon their arrival outside the tent. Teal'c took a much firmer grip of his staff walking to go outside and Daniel gets up to quickly follow the so did Ra. Daniel turns and holds his hand up in front of Ra. \"Sorry but I don't want you to be seen before them.\" Daniel said picking up a staff for himself. \"Well I want to help,\" Ra said a bit annoyed. \"I want to protect the people here more than you do.\" \"What the hell,\" Daniel grunts in a sotto handing Ra a staff for himself. Ra grins and follows Daniel out with him as Teal'c already began to defend himself in front of five Jaffa's hiding himself behind a boulder and glares at the sight of Ra with a staff. \"Daniel Jackson what were you thinking?\" \"He wants to help Teal'c,\" Daniel calls back and Ra aims at a Jaffa that came around the corner about to shoot Teal'c and Ra gave the blow from the staff first and shot the Jaffa in the torso. Teal'c glances at the Jaffa as he laid on the ground lifeless and looks back at Ra with wide eyes in almost shocking but thankful way, though Ra kept his eyes and brows narrowed on Teal'c. VVVVVV Jane really couldn't concentrate on her exams. She couldn't get the talk she had with Sam Carter out of her head, nor the talks between her and her father. So much was building in Jane's mind then in there that she wasn't even noticing the questions anymore and just put down an answer, any answer without really paying attention. Words and lectures from everyone swarmed through her head, memories of her and Ra, those simple little touches they first did tingled all around her skin as if she were living those moments again with him. She just couldn't let go of that feeling. Jane finishes off the test fully well knowing what she was going to get herself into. She knew what she wanted more than anything now. VVVVVV The fight at the SG-1 base went on and on. The Jaffa's that Ra, Daniel and Teal'c shot with the staffs came back from the dead because of the Goa'uld symbiotes they carried within their bodies rejuvenated themselves. There was no way they could fight them off unless if they were to take out their Goa'ulds from their stomachs. All of a sudden one of the Jaffa's ambushed Ra from behind yanking his long hair and pulls him towards the stargate. Ra tried many ways to free himself from the Jaffa and was fast at trying to do so but the Jaffa is more built and taller than him. \"Jaffa's!\" The Jaffa screamed as he pressed coordinates on the stargates control panel. The Jaffa's kept blasting their staffs at Teal'c and Daniel before the stargates wormhole formed and the Jaffa with Ra throws him in harshly and follows with the other Jaffa's following until the iris closed. Teal'c tried running in after them and was too late. \"I knew it!\" Teal'c threw a stiff tantrum. \"This must've been Ra's plan all along.\" \"Teal'c don't be too hasty,\" Daniel tries to calm Teal'c down. Teal'c furrows his brows and lips in an angry manner at Daniel. He knew he could be wrong about him all along too but his life was saved by him too. Teal'c didn't know what to believe about this Ra's host. Soon they will have to explain this to Jack O'Neill and Sam Carter when they would return and that Ra was now gone through the stargate taken by Jaffa's.[Chapter 30] Hey guys. Just to let you know in case you were wondering I feel a lot better now then I did days ago so here is a longer and more epic chapter in a while. I'm so inspired now that this story is getting pretty close to being done and I can't wait to start the sequel which is now in the works. I've been rediscovering some classic music I used to listen to as a small child and picked up on Patti Smith's \"Because the Night\" again. Such a beautiful song. Anyways enjoy! :) 8,000 B.C. Kames starts a small fire and shows a bunch of plan strategies near the Nile River in the pitch black by drawing in the sand with a stick on how some of the plans would work in order for the young man to help Nekta escape from the palace. They ended up going about it an easier way. Kames knew that there would be guards swarming everywhere so he was going to create a diversion while the young man could slip into the chambers without being seen. After the strategies were discussed again Kames and the young man stomp out the fire and kick the ashes into the river to rid evidence that someone had stopped there. Before they mounted onto the horses Kames gave the young man a long hooded cloak from the side of his houses sack underneath the saddle. \"Put it on now. It's dark enough that hardly anyone could notice you.\" Kames was right, the young man thought as he slipped into the cloak. It was dark enough to match the twilight sky. He slings his leg across the saddle of his horse and Kames reminds him to follow him into the crop fields, he didn't want him to do anything stupid. The young man only tells Kames to relax and they continue on. Upon reaching their destination Kames takes a slight detour towards the crops and the young man follows after his horse behind him. Kames mounts off his horse when they got deep into the high crops and the young man does the same. \"We have to be very quiet when we get up there and I will distract everyone so you can sneak through.\" The young man just nods his head as they walked through the muddy areas quietly until they came closer to the gate. Kames stretches his arm out to stop the young man from stepping further. Kames glanced around the corner of the gate and spots three guards on the lookout, but there could be more out there that he couldn't see yet. \"I can only see a few guards out there,\" Kames told the young man who stood by his side. \"I know that there has to be some hidden in the darkness up top the roofs.\" Kames had thought about another plan and soon came up with one. The young man was now getting jitters inside of him. He longed to have already rescued Nekta by now. \"Come on Kames.\" \"Wait a minute boy,\" Kames shushes him. \"We are going to have to go for another escape plan.\" Kames tells the young man of his plan by whispering lowly in his ear. The young man nods when he gathers all the information up and understood it knowing that it could just work. The young man pulls his the hood of his cloak over his eyes and looks down at the ground as he walks behind Kames following his footsteps. \"Halt right there,\" One of the guards announces after Kames and the young man made their way past the gate. \"It is only I, Dimrikus.\" Kames shoots his hands up and reveals that it is him. The guard narrows his eyes as he brings his torch over his way. \"What's your business here late at night Kames?\" He asks bitterly. \"I have brought Pacis another fore seeker,\" Kames said as he yanks the young mans arm for the guards to see him. \"He traveled a fair way from Persia across the great Red Sea.\" One of the guards tries to bring the hood up and the young man grips the guards wrist tightly. Kames quickly loosens the young man's grip. \"He also does not like to be seen. It is a disgrace within his culture to look upon a fore seeker.\" Kames ad-libbed. That was well done, the young man thought as he untangles his tight fingers from the guards wrist. \"Is this from the words of Pacis?\" one of the guards asks from behind them. \"Of course,\" Kames replies harshly. \"I'm sure you know well how he bombarded into my home last night.\" The guard glares at him and tells the other guards to let them through. \"Escort them both up to Pacis' chambers as well.\" He added. \"I'm sure we could go up there and manage well enough to see him ourselves, no need for escorting a guard such as myself,\" Kames proudly states as he and the young man began walking closer to the palace. \"Might you want to know where his chambers are now at?\" \"No,\" Kames replies immediately. \"I have a fore seeker with me you blabbering moron.\" He murmurs the last part so the guard wouldn't hear him. All of a sudden a sicklesword, one that belongs to the guards fell from the young mans belt beneath his cloak and it's hard on the stone pavement ground below and he stops not knowing whether to pick it back up because he knew it was already seen so he couldn't hide it in time, so he waited for Kames to tell him what to do. \"Kames,\" The guard said again. \"Why does your fore seeker you bring forth have one of our very own made weapons?\" Kames tries to think of something however he thought too long already so he takes his sicklesword out and swings it toward the guard who had already pulled his out and their swords collide above their heads as the both tried to give a blow. Kames circles his sword to where the guard lost grip of it and flies out of his hand, Kames then slashes the guards throat. \"Kid go, go now!\" Kames yells to the young man who had watched him and was ready to attack anyone who would come up to him. Before anyone had a chance to reach him the young man grabs his sword when rushing guards on the platform began throwing their spears at him and he rushes up the palaces steps, his hood coming off revealing his wanted face for the murder of their Pharaoh that he didn't commit. The young man reaches the top of the steps and grabs a load of five spears as he closes the double entry doors and pushes the spears through the handles. He had no time to add more to hold them off a little longer. So at the first blows of the guards kicking and pushing on the doors to try and get them open the young man made quick haste grabbing a torch and searches through the castle quickly, \"Nekta?!\" He screams. He didn't care how loud he was being, he was going to find her and they were going to get out. That was his mindset. He'd also hoped that Kames was doing alright outside fighting all the guards off. If it were not for Kames he knew that he wouldn't have gotten this far. There was no reply yet so the young man went further up the steps. He was starting to say her name again when suddenly he felt a sharp swing on his face below his left eye. It did not completely knock him down as he caught himself. Looking up he saw Typhon standing in his way ready to pierce him with a knife. The young man shoots his hands up in surrendering way even though he is not going to. \"Wait Typhon, wait.\" The young man wanted a chance to speak with him. \"I did not murder our Pharaoh. It was Pacis he,-\" Typhon interrupts him. \"Shut up!\" He exclaims. \"You really have a problem with letting things slip right before mind and eyes that I'm actually surprised it hasn't made you blind yet.\" \"What are you talking about?\" The young man asks confused but in a very serious tone. \"It isn't fair that the Pharaoh preferred you over someone like me, his own blood, his own nephew.\" Typhon spoke bitterly between his angry gritting teeth. \"I didn't know that you were related, and I'm sorry if you feel that way,\" \"I'm sorry?\" Typhon mocked growing angrier. \"Sorry that you took my position? It was rightfully mine and you grabbed it away from me!\" \"Typhon,\" The young man puts his hands up again as he begins to step back from him. \"You are starting to sound a lot like Pacis.\" \"Don't you say that about our new pharaoh you insolent fool,\" Typhon points his knife at the young man. \"He also helped me get the position that I rightfully deserved.\" \"He only helped you because he took the place of something better for him,\" The young man began to exclaim back to Typhon. \"He wanted the position our Pharaoh gave me and wanted to kill me for it. If it were in your situation if the Pharaoh wanted you to do it, it would be the same.\" \"Yes well I didn't, did I?\" Typhon raises his eyebrows. \"That's where you are wrong again. I'm the one who dived that spear into the pharaoh.\" The young man narrows his expression at Typhon. \"Why would you murder your own uncle Typhon?\" \"Because, Pacis promised me that when I did I would get the position I was ready to take before you ever showed up here.\" Typhon lifts his knife ready to stab through the young man while gripping his cloak when a whirling noise was heard behind Typhon and struck him. Typhon lets go of the young man and falls down the flight of steps below into the darkness. At the top of the stairs stood Zuka, he had always been a very great friend to the young man. \"I can't believe I just killed him.\" Zuka said as he begins to shake with his hand still lifted after he threw his knife. \"Typhon had lost himself anyways,\" The young man comes up and greets his friend. \"It's alright Zuka.\" He got his friend to calm down. \"Zuka do you know where Pacis keeps Nekta in here?\" Zuka could now concentrate, \"She's um, she's being held in the Pharaoh's and Queen's chamber. I'll back by your side friend.\" The young man manages Zuka a grin as they walk through the corridors and steps to reach the room when unfortunately guards were being heard shouting throughout the palace above and below them marching as well. \"Ever since Pacis took over he's gathered more guards surrounding the palace like an army.\" They stopped trying to figure out which way to go and Zuka catches a window, he lifts his head to look out and above him was the chambers balcony at least twenty five feet away above them. Zuka comes back in and hands over a long and sharpened arrowhead from his sack to the young man. \"Tie that rope behind you and hook it up to the balcony above, that's the chamber where Nekta stays. I'll go and stall the other guards.\" The young man does as Zuka said and calmly while in a hurry ties the rope to the arrowhead. He then runs to the window and glances out as he looks above him, he could see the balcony Zuka talked about. Bringing his arms out for extra length he whips the arrowhead above forming a lasso and throws it towards the balcony where it wraps around the banister and tightens for him to be able to climb up. VVVVVV Nekta wakes up from a lounging couch at the sound of the arrowhead locking on the banister on the outside balcony. She quickly gets up pushing the shear balcony curtains out of the way and looks over the steep drop when she discovered the arrowhead. Below the young man was beginning to climb up on the rope to the balcony. \"Oh my gosh,\" Nekta exclaims happily. The young man looks up to see her and begins to climb up at a quicker pace. Nekta reaches out to him and the young man takes her hand and soon both when she helped him help himself onto the balcony. They took a moment to gaze at each other. The young man caressed Nekta's face as she ran her fingers through his long dark curls and they embraced tightly. \"Come Nekta, we must get out of here fast.\" He leads her to the rope and already the guards came back and discovered it. \"There he is!\" One of them pointed so the young man took his sword and chopped the rope. \"We need to find another way out of here,\" The young man glances around as he held Nekta's hand in his. \"The only way out is through the entry way into here and those are the doors.\" Nekta said in a horrific tone. \"They're locked and there's no other way out.\" \"There has to be,\" Ra keeps looking around. He checked the walls and the floor as he pushed things over. Nekta calls him to stop. He stood as did and pondered deeply about what Zuka had told him about the secret passageways all throughout the palace a few years back when they were still little kids. The young man threw the food banquet by all fours and beneath it laid a hinge to pull open. Before the young man could do so Pacis bursts the doors open and guards follow behind him. \"I know I gave you an open invitation but I did not expect you to crash in so early.\" Pacis said to the young man. \"Well you know what they say,\" The young man was saying when the guards took his arms behind his back and did the same with Nekta when she failed to comply with them when she tried to fight off the guards holding the young man back. \"No I don't want to know what they say,\" Pacis said firmly as he grabbed the young mans chin. \"Please stop and why are you doing this to us?\" Nekta exclaims. \"Just leave us alone you've got what you already truly wanted haven't you?\" Pacis chuckles and punches the young man hard near his stomach, the young man gasps and falls down. \"Pacis stop it!\" Nekta screams ferociously in tears now. Pacis laughs some more from Nekta's reactions and kicks the young man a last time. \"Put him in the cellar. I still want him alive. He looks down at the young man again as the guards picked him up to his feet again. Only just a couple of more days sunny.\" The young man glares up at him. After that the guards drag the young man out of the room and Pacis closes the doors after he leaves. \"No!\" The young man shouts back trying to break free as he continued to struggle with the guards. And within a few seconds later one of them bashed the young man over his head with their sword hilt. The young man faints into blackness. Arnia – Present Day Jane turns in her exam an hour later after receiving it. \"How do you think you did little miss princess?\" Her professor asked. Jane nods her head. \"Perfectly well, I know exactly which direction I want to go in. Thank you.\" She shakes his hand and takes her leave. She wanted to get to the SG-1 base as fast as she could hoping she wouldn't be too late if they were going to leave and Ra would go with them. Ciera stops Jane by getting in her way and gripping her arms. \"Where are you going in such a hurry at this hour Jane? Is it to cheat on poor Lord Rufus?\" \"Let go and get out of my way Ciera,\" Jane said in a stern tone. \"I can understand, with you being a looser of a princess and all, King Ra of the Dorks is your perfect match.\" As she said that her friends behind her began to laugh with her as well. Jane stops in her tracks and slowly whips her head around then her full body as she narrows her eyes and struck Ciera across her right cheek on her face with a loud echo coming after the slap. Everyone stopped laughing and Ciera gasps in shock with wide eyes having nothing to say. \"Ra was right,\" Jane sneered with a smug grin on her face. \"You did deserve that.\" After all that Jane continued on her way to the stargate. Upon arriving she was happy to see that everything was still there so she smiles excitingly as she pushes further. She can see the team however there was no sign of Ra being around anywhere. The members of the SG-1 Team looked extremely upset as Jane came closer to the camp. \"What do you mean you let Ra fight?!\" Jack exclaims towards Daniel. \"I should've known this was going to happen and Teal'c why? \" Teal'c didn't say anything as glanced towards Jane who was hiding beside the edge of the tent. She calmly comes out when everyone began to stare at her. \"What happened to Ra?\" \"Ra was taken through the stargate honey,\" Sam said sympathetically as she saw the vacant expression on Jane's face. \"How did it happen? I mean, w- was he doing something he wasn't supposed to be doing or?\" Jane begins to shiver as she became very upset. Sam comes over and gives Jane a comforting hug. \"No from what Teal'c and Daniel had to say he fought beside them when a Goa'uld's Jaffa's came through and attacked, they just took Ra somewhere.\" \"I'm sorry,\" Jane releases from Sam's hug. \"But do you people perhaps know where they took him?\" \"They must think that when they saw Ra they thought it was actually Ra,\" Daniel said. \"Daniel,\" Jack looks at him dumbfounded. \"Of course it is Ra, even Ra himself admitted it to being him.\" \"I know that Jack,\" Daniel shakes hands as he continued to think. \"If what he says is true then he is just considered an actual human being instead of someone's host anymore, so what I am saying is that,-\" \"They must think that he still a system lord.\" Sam said in continuation that Daniel was trying to explain. Daniel points to Sam, \"Exactly.\" He said. They were all quiet for a moment until Jane had another question to ask them. \"Well what would happen to him if they think that he is?\" Sam, Jack and Daniel shook their heads not knowing what would actually happen to him up there so they all turned their attention to Teal'c. \"Well considering that a lot of the system lords out feel threatened of Ra the system lord they would probably kill or isolate him somewhere. But if he is not the system lord anymore then he will become a host of another which is a much massive possibility.\" Jane felt fear in the pit of her stomach. Both ways were not good news at all. Suddenly some blue static formed into the sky above them and they watched as a dark figure began to come down towards the land. \"What is that?\" Jane asked. \"That would be a Goa'uld Starship,\" Jack said in reply. \"And the one that Ra would possibly be on too,\" Sam said hoping to give Jane some hope of them getting Ra back.[Chapter 31] I am so sorry about this chapter being so short. I wanted to make this chapter a stand alone. Chapter 32 will be a lot longer, I promise. I'm having more projects being done in college and work got a bit hectic last week and this weekend I was out having fun, so sorry if I don't update quickly like I said I would, however I'm not going to stop with this story. It's going to be completed, that I promise. Please enjoy. The entire room is dark with only one soft blue light that beams on Ra. \"Where am I?\" His voice echoed against the walls. There was a few moments silence in the room when a deep raspy voice was heard in a corner some where. His voice was bouncing off the walls and there had to be more than four corners. \"Does this not invigorate your memory?\" Ra grunts almost impatiently. \"How could it if I can't see anything around me. I cannot even see you.\" He waits for another reply but it never came. \"I will ask you again, where am I and why was I brought here?\" The still deep voice is heard chuckling and a few others were following his amusing laugh too as Ra could hear and sense. \"Why does my question amuse all of you?\" Ra began to grow annoyed. \"You've been a host to a Supreme Lord for many years, I recognize your face, you've just now been through a stargate for possibly the millionth to get here so where do you think you are and why you are standing in my presence?\" The raspy voice asked in a tone that also sounded like it could be an answer. \"Who are you?\" Ra tries to adjust his eyes in the darkness to see as he spoke sternly and felt a nervous knot in the pit of his stomach. \"You like to ask a lot of question don't you boy?\" Ra had no answer to reply back to the mysterious voice with. Instead he did indeed think of another question to ask. \"Why are you here? These people are trying to start a new life on a new planet so leave them alone.\" \"Is that a threat human?\" The voice grew louder and there came a screeching noise that echoed tremendously around the room that Ra slammed his palm and wrist tightly around his ears. Ra was very sure that he saw a pair of yellow eyes glow in the dark in front of him. \"Stop!\" Ra exclaims. The noise increased greatly and came to an abrupt stop. \"I am a goa'uld, one you used to know but if I show you my appearance I'm positive you will not be able to recognize me.\" \"What does that have to do with anything I am talking about?\" Ra winces in confusion growing aggravated again. The voice chuckles again and no one had joined him as they did previously. \"Even though the Sun God does not live in you any longer you still carry his me, me traits.\" There was a few seconds of silence before the voice continued. \"And to answer your question, it's our way. Surely you would know that since you are one of the oldest human hosts that had ever lived.\" \"I want you to leave these people alone.\" Ra narrows his eyes into the darkness where the invisible Goa'uld may be. \"What makes you think I would listen to you?\" The voice said in a sneer tone. \"Human?\" Ra ponders back about the goa'ulds and thought of any weaknesses they possessed. If only he could remember. The more he became human again after meeting Jane the more his mind seemed to have dissipated about being a supreme lord's host at all. He tried as hard as he could to dig a bit deeper. He only thought of one thing that the goa'ulds strongly desired. \"How about a negotiation?\" Ra requests his offer. The room was very still and quiet then. A boiler of steam sounded off in maybe the next room Ra thought. He's heard it before in the past and that was his first clue of realizing where he was. \"So how about it?\" Ra asks after a minute went by of complete silence. \"I have been seeking another host,\" The voice said in a thoughtful tone still thinking. \"None of those people of which you seek,\" Ra said firmly. \"Don't be so hasty human!\" The voice exclaims. \"I speak about you. If you will take the place as my new host I will forget all about this world and the people on there.\" Now Ra had to think. Could he do something like his again? Go through all the tortures of having something controlling him at all times and bringing despair upon the innocents? He then thought about losing Jane, the same person he felt he's known his whole entire life. Ra wanted to protect her more than anything that he will risk his own life doing so. \"Agreed.\" He said, biting down on his lip hoping he was making the right choice. \"This may hurt just a little,\" The voice said and from behind Ra a slithering symbiote flies to Ra's neck and digs deep down into his flesh near the spine. Ra bellows a loud scream as it was being done and the symbiote made its' way inside of him.[Chapter 32] Okay so this only took me one day to write, and I'm very happy and proud about that. Lots of flashbacks in this one and we are getting close to the battle that took place in 8,000 BC Egypt. Please enjoy and I'll update again as soon as possible :) 8,000 B.C. The guards toss the young man in through the cellars hatch in the ground. The young man was coming around again, opening his eyelids halfway after getting knocked out. He landed on a hay sack about ten feet below where he was thrown. The young man looks up towards the light coming in from the hatch door being up and it closes automatically and the lights came in faintly through the holes on the top of the hatch, he sighs in grieve and begins to rub the back of neck turning his head clockwise and then the other way around getting trying to get rid of the sore feeling he got. \"Is that you lad?\" A familiar voice announced in the darkness that it made the young man's' insides jump and tilts his face to the noise. \"Kames?\" The young man asks feeling a little relieved to hear his voice. \"It is me,\" Kames said and the young man could hear a ruffling sound of rocks being scraped together and a spark of fire hits a cloth wrapped around a torch. The lit up a lot more then the light in the room above them did. The young man could see many great lengths of the cellar, it had to be at least 50 feet wide for the number of people he saw staring his way. There to be about fifty or sixty of them in that room. The limestone's surrounding them were wet and stunk of mold, there was also a rotting smell that seeped through the atmosphere of the place. \"You look horrid,\" Kames continued to say looking at the young man with gawking eyes as he helped him sit straight up. The young man heaves and sighs again as he sits up, his stomach stung and hurt massively after being punched and kicked there multiple times now. \"It was I that did horrid. I came too close to getting Nekta out of there until we got ambushed.\" Kames could tell that the young man's anger was building up tremendously to where it looked like he was placing an abnormal danger to himself. He used limbs lethargically and a line of blood dripped down his face where he was struck on the head and his words were becoming slurs. Kames tries to direct the young man just to lay back down. \"You need to lie down for now and we will think of another strategy later when you are better.\" \"What are you talking about?\" The young man narrows his eyes and pushes Kames away from him lazily and stands up. \"I'm fine I just need to. \" He stops suddenly as his vision hallucinated seeing two Kames' and two of everything else instead only one. \"Lay down,\" Kames forces the young man down again. The young man listened to Kames this time and lays back down. Everything was becoming very hazy and distant. He hadn't felt this way ever since witnessing his parents getting swallowed up by that ferocious lion and when he had starved for many days after that before getting rescued. He could hear Kames' voice fade off as cool water could be felt pouring on his face gently without being drenched in it. The young man's blurry vision and trouble hearing made him not want to keep his eyes open anymore nor wanting to stay awake in that moment. The young man doses off again. VVVVVV Nekta is sinked to the floor beneath her not giving Pacis any eye contact as she cringes with new tears rolling off of her chin. \"You know you are still mine,\" Pacis sneers dragging his dagger across a table in a circle and stabs it in the middle. \"Even if you run away I'll still find you. I'll lock you in here always I suppose.\" \"What do you plan on doing to my fiancée, my real one?\" Nekta asks gritting her teeth. \"Simple he going to first watch us both marry and afterwards he is to be beheaded.\" Pacis answers with a hinted laugh. \"I will not stand to see him commit to this ever again with my soldiers.\" Nekta forms faster and drenching tears as she tightens her eyelids. \"You do know it is forbidden to behead an innocent victim upon the eye of Ra who has committed no treachery.\" \"Perhaps you are mistaken.\" Pacis phishes at Nekta's response. \"I am now Pharaoh,\" He said and Nekta rolls her eyes at this, she's heard it too many times it was starting to get very unnerving. Pacis continues. \"I am the law here, and I'll do as I please with it.\" He takes Nekta by her black hair in an angry grip to make her look at him. Pacis traces the corners of Nekta's jaw line with his long index finger. \"Do not contradict me again.\" He said sternly looking into her eyes. Nekta slowly nods instead of initiating a reply to be safe. Pacis orders her to stand up with a simple swift of his hand. He backs her up against the table where he had forgotten where he had left his dagger. \"Now just think more positively about being queen. That's what almost every woman wants to be around here.\" \"I'm not at all like those women,\" Nekta shot back as she crosses her arms behind her unnoticed and wraps her fingers around the daggers hilt. \"You will be,\" Pacis said with a guaranteed smirk as he backs away. \"Soon.\" He winks at her as Nekta kept her grimacing look and Pacis leaves the room locking the doors again with her left alone in the big extravagant room. Nekta furrows her expression in a furious way as she grips the dagger out of the table and hid it beneath one of the beds pillows. Arnia – Present Day \"God!\" Jack exclaims loudly as they got closer to the starships landing. \"It looks exactly like the one we blew sky high Daniel.\" \"Which is strange,\" Daniel said in a confusing tone, his facial expression in a studying manner. \"Every Goa'uld we've learned so far has a different and unique starship from the others. This is definitely not Apophis' ship.\" \"Indeed Daniel Jackson,\" Teal'c agreed with his theory. \"I do have a guess of who this intruder is.\" Everyone gave Teal'c blank stares including Jane and Sam. \"Who?\" Jack asked in a giddy ready to know question. \"The Goa'uld Netos,\" Teal'c answered and explained. \"Netos is a word meaning the Replica of Ra. He's been around ever since the original Ra was made Supreme System Lord. Netos believed that once if the original Ra could no longer be a System lord then he would rightfully take over the part as Ra.\" \"That would explain why the jaffas took Ra's host through the stargate,\" Sam said. \"Netos must've known he was brought here to claim the original Ra's human body.\" \"Not likely so Carter,\" Teal'c disagrees. \"However it's possible he would make him a host again like I suggested a while ago. Also I do know and have heard that he is in search for a new host.\" \"Well if that's true,\" Jane urges on towards the starship. \"Let's keep going to make sure that doesn't happen.\" \"If it were to happen it would've been done already,\" Teal'c warned Jane. \"And by then it would be too late if Netos' symbiote already made its' way into him.\" \"What happens when it is too late?\" Jane turns around looking at Teal'c with a raised brow. \"The goa'uld would already have control of their human host as they are connected to the human spine of the neck, back and brain it would be hard to destroy considering it would kill the human host as well.\" Everything this man said just made matters a lot worse Jane thought. \"I want to keep moving then.\" She said nothing else and continued on towards the ship and would not stop again no matter what. Sam prompted everyone to just be quiet and to frighten Jane anymore of any given situation that Ra might be in at that moment. They followed Jane from behind. 8,000 B.C. Two days were about to pass by, and the young man had just woken up from his long sleep after his apparent concussion. He woke up in the same place he saw before going into darkness and dreams that consisted of only nightmares. Kames came up by the young mans side as he saw he was coming around. \"You got lucky lad,\" He said. \"Some of the prisoners in here really know how to mix up healing herbs.\" \"Do you know what day it is?\" The young man asked Kames instantly. \"No need to worry about that my friend first we need to plan a,\" Kames was changing the subject until getting interrupted. \"Kames,\" The young man exclaims with wide serious eyes. \"What day is it?\" \"It's the day Nekta is to be married with Pacis,\" Kames grieves. \"There's also been word that afterwards Pacis plans for his guards to behead you.\" The young man's stomach sinks and he felt dreadfully sick. \"I guess that is it then.\" He lays his head back down hopelessly and shivers in fear. \"No,no,\" Kames tries to prompt the young man back up. \"While you were out I worked a plan of escape with Zuka before the ceremony.\" \"What's the use?!\" The young man shouts aggravated. \"There's too many soldiers and guards out there and we'll get into the same mess that we are in right now. Even if it did work all Nekta and I would do is run. I don't want to run anymore. I'm going to give it up.\" Kames didn't know what to say or had any words of encouragement for him. A voice in the back sounded off. \"I'll help you fight.\" The man said getting up and walks towards them. The young man tilts his head to look up at his volunteer coming up. \"Thank you, but it's going to take a lot more than four people against one hundred.\" \"I've got five sons who were previous soldiers before Pacis had fired them when they tried to set me free. They will more then surely help you.\" \"I will too.\" Another said and another and another until it built up to be everyone in the room and will go for back up helpers from their friends and family to take down Pacis and his loyal followers. The young man grins at all of them and finally caves in. \"If you are all keeping your truthful word then yes we'll try.\" Kames pats the young man on his back. \"All right.\" He looks up at the hatch and the dark faint light began to fade away and a red color replaced it. \"It is almost dawn approaching, Zuka will be here soon to release us all.\"[Chapter 33] Sorry I took long to update this. School got hectic. I tried very hard to get this finished and uploaded today because today on Oct. 28th 2012 marks the 18th anniversary since Stargate (the film) came out. So today is a special day and this is my way of celebrating it so please enjoy! :) Arnia – Present Day \"Okay, now what?\" Jack glints his eyes looking up. Jane along with the SG-1 team had finally made it to the starship yet they had no idea how to get aboard onto it. Every end of it was blocked off and shielded as if no one was meant to get on it from the outside. Sam lifts palms underneath the half grounded ship and looks beneath it to see if there was any way to get on there. Sam shrugs as she comes back out. \"I don't know how we're supposed to get in.\" \"Well I guess,\" Jack said as he thought of something. \"We'll just have to either stand here, and wait or we can just, say knock.\" He said sarcastically as he brings his fist up to the metal and bangs on it three times. For the first few seconds all was silent as everyone waited to see if anything was going to happen. They were holding their breaths back prepared and Jane felt more nervous than everyone else. Though once those seconds went by with nothing everyone breathed normal again as the sg-1 team gave vacant stares to each other and Jane only glances down disappointed. Suddenly, some of the layered shields on the ship started to come down, everyone steps back a few feet to watch as they unfolded. VVVVVV A figure dressed in all black walks up to a balcony as its shield moved out of the way and preys his glance down upon Jane. Jane glances up towards the figures way that came out. She squints her eyes against the suns rays to make out the mysterious figure. \"Ra!\" She proclaims. Jane darts towards the ship grabbing hold of a metal shield going up. \"Jane wait!\" Sam screams and tries to follow her until Teal'c and Daniel holds her back from behind. \"She made her choice. We must find a defensive spot.\" Even though Teal'c was the only that left to find one the rest of the team watched Jane to make sure she was to make it up there safely. Jane seemed to jump from one moving layer to the next with no problem at all. The hardest part was probably reaching the balcony that Ra stood on. The shields that surrounded went up instead of down like most of them did. So it became a challenge as it got steeper and there was no room for Jane to grab hold of anything to reach him. Ra kept an expressionless face as he eyes Jane. She wondered why Ra would not lend her a hand and looked at her as if they've never met before. \"Ra it's me!\" Jane exclaims up at him. She tries searching for more alternatives. Jane's shield she had her hands clung onto was growing further away from the balcony. She only thought of one and even though it was dangerous to do she was willing to try it anyways. Jane pulls herself up onto the top of the shield and balances to stand up on it while it still moved further down. She works every energy inside of her and jolts into a high jump towards the balcony. Jane's fingers tries to wrap around the balcony's banister but slipped away in the process. As she began to fall Ra's left hand reached out and took Jane by her wrist. Jane flung against the ship's side hard. She looks down seeing that she was about three stories up from the ground, the only thing keeping her from falling was Ra. As she glances back up at him she could see that his eyes glowed a bright white and yellow mixture. He has on a thin layer of eyeliner and his hair was straight that looks like it is in a half ponytail. He didn't look like himself with that careless expression he had on his face. Although there was something Jane caught in a mere second before going back to his vacancy. His eyes didn't glow when he caught her wrist, and he looked worried then. \"It's me Ra,\" Jane was close to the point of tearing up as she looked on deeply into his glowing eyes. Ra's eyes narrow a bit as he gazed into hers and they suddenly widened and closed. As Ra's eyes opened again they were back to normal, he quickly shakes and pulls Jane over the balcony ledge and onto the ground. Jane caught her breath as her feet were planted back on ground and then she wraps her arms around Ra's neck burying her head against him. Ra squeezes her romantically and within a few seconds later he takes her elbows firmly and pushes her away from him gently and starts to walk away from Jane. \"You should not have come here.\" \"What is going on? And why were your eyes glowing?\" Jane asks taking her time as she walks slowly towards Ra. \"Please just stay away from me this time Jane,\" Ra keeps himself from looking at Jane and crosses to a different side of the empty room to keep as far as he can away from Jane. \"You should turn back and leave now before it comes back.\" \"What is it?\" Jane asks feeling a bit scared now but remanded calm. Ra did not answer her once he had his back turned to her in a tight corner. \"Ra please answer me.\" Jane lays her hand on Ra's shoulder to turn him around to look at her. When he turns around his eyes glows again and has a side smirk on his face. Jane jumps back away from him but did not take her glance away. \"Who are you and why are you doing this?\" Ra walks slowly to Jane with the same smirk planted on his lips, his garment, \"I am Netos,\" He said in a dark tone. The voice was nothing like Jane had ever heard before. It sounded like a demon with echoes. It was not the voice of the young man she loves. \"I want Ra back,\" Jane said backing up as was backed up against a wall and had no time to get out of that position. \"Oh my dear so do I,\" He said picking up a strand of Jane's hair and gazed sensually at it. Jane begins to grit her teeth. \"Then why wont you let him be? Just leave him and me alone.\" \"I didn't mean it in that way,\" He said softly glancing down at her and back up again. \"I meant that I am bringing the Sun God Ra back with the acceptation of using his original host. I feel as if I know everything and a lot more about the original Ra because of this boy. I promised him I would not harm you or his people before I consumed his body.\" He looks at Jane sensually again. \"I will not harm you but you could make a more rather decent host for Hathor then the host she consumes now. Then we could rule together for all eternity.\" He caresses Jane's cheek. It was not like when the Ra she loves caressed her. This caress felt more forcible rather than passionate. She began to miss him in this moment. \"I know that you are still in there Ra.\" She said shaking looking into his eyes again. He laughs. \"You must know his real name in order for it to work that way.\" Jane begins to weep silently as her head bent down with nothing else to say and felt defeated. \"Awe,\" He continues. \"Life as a goa'uld is not as bad as it seems.\" He raises Jane by the chin with his fingers. He stares at her hard here as if digging deep into a memory. \"It is what you want isn't it Nekta? To be beside the man you always held dear to you.\" \"My name is Jane, not Nekta. And I don't want a forced love.\" Jane corrects him. He smirks even wider. He leaves her in there without saying another word and locks the doors behind her. He made his jaffas make sure that the shields beneath Jane were low enough so she wouldn't be able to escape and wanted to know about the others she was with. \"Kill them all,\" He said. 8,000 B.C. Just before the sun broke out with the sky turning a red color above Zuka made it with keys in his hands to unlock everyone out. Kames helps the young man up and once he saw Zuka he did not need help from Kames anymore and makes his way to the gate in the ground as Zuka opened it. \"Everyone is still asleep including the guards.\" Zuka said to the young man and Kames. \"That's great,\" Kames nods his head. \"Zuka lead the other prisoners home and help them gather as many men as possible. We have a marriage and death to stop today.\" \"Yes sir,\" Zuka answered back helping the young man and Kames out of the dungeon grounds and then the others. Kames and the young man their escape first together. The young man drifted away from where Kames was wanting to go and back up the palace steps. Kames ran up to the young man and grips him by the arm. \"We will get Nekta later, now come on.\" The young man trusted and listened to Kames this time following him through the courtyard and into the corn fields. \"Get down,\" Kames whispers and the young man did what he was told to do. \"I thought that I heard a noise over there,\" One of the guards came out of his sleep with a spear in hand. \"It was probably just a cat or dog, so shut up and go back to sleep.\" Another guard said. Kames and the young man waited a few minutes for them to drift off again before continuing. They made their way out of the fields and into the village where Kames opens a door to one and drags the young man in quickly. \"Who lives here?\" The young man asked. \"I used to. It's abandoned now.\" Kames said. \"Now we must work some sort of plan before meeting with the village. We need to have all of this done in two hours from now.\" \"Alright,\" The young man nods in agreement and the two discussed a plan in under an hour on how to interrupt the marriage between Pacis and Nekta and when to start the attack. The young man comes out of the house with Zuka standing there to greet him. \"We have gathered almost the entire village, come and have a look for yourself, and you too Kames.\" The young man rushes with Zuka and Kames follows behind them. Down the village street about five hundred men stood before them ready to serve in this plan to overtake Pacis. \"Great job Zuka,\" The young man whispered to his friend in a grateful shock as he looked at everyone before him in wonder. This plan will most surely work now. The young man made sure they all wore long pieces of clothing to hide their weapons underneath them and demonstrated the plan of attack until he knew from everyone that they had understood him. \"Well we don't want to be late for our dear Pharaoh,\" Kames announced sarcastically.[Chapter 34] Hello everybody. First off I'd like to wish everyone a Happy and Safe Halloween. If you'd like to know I'm going as a sexy zombie today lol. Enjoy chapter 34. Next chapter we finally find out someones real name in particular so yes you'll have to stay tuned to figure that out. ;) Arnia – Present Day Ra pulling Jane up to safety over the balcony was the very last thing the sg-1 team witnessed and afterwards nothing else had happened. While Sam left the starship scene and caught up with Teal'c and the others she wished to herself that Jane would be safe up there. \"Teal'c what are we doing?\" Daniel asks getting down behind brush next to Teal'c as Jack and Sam joined them. \"Anything can come out of there and when it does we'll destroy it.\" Teal'c replied to Daniel gripping his staff roughly. They waited for a great amount of thirty minutes and still nothing had happened and nothing came out of there. A faint sound came behind them and Sam knew right off the bat what it was. \"The stargate, something is going to come through it.\" \"Carter, stay here,\" Jack ordered looking towards the stargate and lands his hand on Daniel's shoulder. \"Daniel you're coming with me.\" \"Well Sam is,\" Daniel was beginning to say before being cut off by Jack. \"Now Daniel!\" Jack exclaims. \"Okay right,\" and with that Daniel got up and follows Jack back over to the stargate. Sam smiles to herself and shakes her head. On the way back Daniel and Jack could see five figures come out from the stargates' circle however they could not make out who they were and kept themselves hidden in between the trees until they got a closer view. \"Hell!\" Jack proclaims coming out from the trees and Daniel follows. The sg-2 team faced them with armed guns. \"Don't shoot! You morons it's us.\" Jack hollers holding his hands up in the air. The team disassembled their guns, so Jack and Daniel walked towards them calmly. \"General Hammond sent us.\" Carl Warren eyed Jack. \"We've been trying to get in contact with you and your team for a week now.\" \"What do you mean it's been a week?\" Jack asks in bewilderment. \"We've only just been here for a day.\" Daniel coughs to get Jack's attention. \"Remember that theory Sam told us Jack?\" Jack thought for a moment and sighs deeply as he remembered. \"Oh yeah.\" He looks back at Carl as soon as his train of thought had stopped. \"So a week has passed by on earth?\" \"It's been eight days colonel,\" Carl Warren shakes his head in reply. Jack is speechless and makes awkward facial features. Daniel stands silently waiting for someone to say something because he got nothing. \"How was the Green Bay game?\" Jack finally asks in a shocked tone. Carl continued on with the mission instead of answering Jack's question. \"We tried moving the camera that the SGC sent here and the camera never moved. It was stuck like a still picture all this time.\" \"Well shit,\" Jack stomps his foot. \"Daniel go get Teal'c and Sam. We need to go home before we live out our lifetime on earth.\" \"Well what are we going to do about Ra and Jane?\" Daniel asks, everyone oblivious to someone walking up right across from them coming from the forest. \"What about them?\" King Tirian asks with nervous wide eyes. \"Where's my daughter Jane?\" Daniel and Jack look at the king anxiously. 8,000 B.C. The ceremony was now taking place and the guards came into the village to gather the slaves for the event while Kames and the young man hid behind higher walls out of every ones sight and made their way to Zuka in a closed alley. \"It's about time. The ceremony is going to start very soon now.\" Zuka unravels a piece of rope and gets behind the young man bonding the rope loosely around his wrists. Kames keeps on going down the alley walls as Zuka brought the young man out in the open. The young man has sets his glance on a young woman in a light blue silk dress on the high palace platform. Nekta looked so radiant as usual to him every time he looked her in the eyes. He saw her shaking faintly when she glances back at him with a startled expression. 'It'll all be okay,' The young man mouths to Nekta with a wink and slightly grins at her before going back to looking gloomy. A spark of hope lit up inside of Nekta and she soon made it unnoticeable when Pacis joined by her side. She glances up at him with a look of disgust. \"Zuka take this young man to the death podium across from us.\" The young man made a sneering face full of hatred towards Pacis. Pacis smirks back with a smug look and Zuka does what he was told to do. He brings the young man over to the platform, \"You are going to have to get down on your knees up here.\" As they made it up on the platform Zuka forces the young man down to his knees in front of a bloody beheading post. The young man shifted his sneering look away from Pacis and at Nekta who he heard had gasped loudly and took a step forward as though to save him from his fate. He gave her another reassuring glance and bows his head to her. Pacis laughs. \"You see Nekta he is already accepting you as my queen before he dies.\" Nekta's eyes narrows at Pacis' harsh words. \"I'll never be the queen you want me to-,\" She began to say through angry gritted teeth until Pacis grips and yanks the back of her hair. \"If you do not cooperate with this Nekta then after this is all over I'll take you back inside and kill you myself.\" Pacis threatens in a sotto voice where no one could hear him except for Nekta since the crowds were growing very noisy. \"Then be rid of me,\" Nekta continues through gritted teeth. \"Because I would rather die and live eternally with my true love than to stay here as your queen.\" \"Then your wish will be fulfilled after today you ungrateful female dog.\" He lets go of Nekta's hair and her head pulls forward. Nekta pushes her hair over her left shoulder away from Pacis' reach. Pacis smirks at the young man across from him again. \"Now let the ceremony begin!\" He threw his arms up trying to gather every ones attention. Most of the crowd became quiet and those who didn't were either hit the back by guards or told to forcibly shut up. Three people dressed in white shear veils came walking upon the steps of the platform. The one in the middle carried a small plush pillow with a small tiara placed in its' the center. \"Soon,\" Pacis chuckles a whisper inside Nekta's ear. Nekta along with young mans hearts were beating tremendously on the surfaces of their chests. The person bearing the tiara bows down before Pacis and Nekta. Upon Nekta the tiara bearer began to recite a few words and the young man glances around at the crowd as they all looked prepared to go through with the plan with their hands all placed closely where their hidden weapons are. The young man begins to untie the rope wrapped around his wrists quietly without letting anyone else but Zuka know what he was doing. After the reciting was over the tiara bearer bent down taking it off of the pillow and blesses it in front of Nekta before raising it closely to Nekta's forehead. \"No!\" The young man shouts as he stands up with his hands free and steals a hooked sword from of the guards belts beside him before he had a chance to attack him. The young man was too quick for all of them plus with Zuka's help it paid off a lot. Zuka fought off two guards coming from behind and the young man kicked the guard he stole from off of the platform. Within a second the slaves dug out their weapons from underneath their clothing and began to attack the guards. The guard that fell off the platform the slaves had attacked easily driving their sharp spears deep into him multiple times. Pacis grabs Nekta tightly by the wrist as he glances around at all of the spontaneous chaos about him. Nekta tries to free herself from his harsh grip by struggling back with full force. \"Hello Pacis,\" A voice calls above him and Nekta. They both look up, Nekta's glance was surprised and excited compared Pacis' astounded and furious expression. \"The girl Nekta if you please,\" Kames said with a swish of a whip in the air as he dangled from rope that the slaves from the dungeon kept a hold on. Pacis grabs the end of the whip that Kames was thrashing about. Nekta thought of the only thing she could do to make Pacis let her go. She lifts Pacis' arm up and bit down really hard on his hand. Pacis hollers loudly and instead of letting go then in there he twists his arm around and Nekta flung from his grip and off the platform falling to the ground fifteen feet below where she stood. Nekta laid on the ground with the breath knocked out of her. \"Nekta!\" The young man proclaims as he witnessed that what happened with Nekta and tried to make his way over to her in the ferocious crowd. A large and well built guard swung his sword upon the young man making him falter and duck down away from the swords blow. The young man took hold of his hilt and shoves it in the center of the guards head. He fell in a faint. \"Nekta I'm coming!\" The young man shouts again and when he looked where she had fallen she was no longer there in that spot on the ground. The young man turns his attention to a larger crowd in the middle of the court as they all tied ropes around a monument in the process of being made of Pacis as Pharaoh and heaved it down. Once it was down a lot of dust exploded everywhere and even blocked out the sun above. He still kept on searching for Nekta as the fights continued on around him. He could hear her scream faintly and begins to make his way where he heard her as the dust began to subside. \"Nekta!?\" The young man shouted desperate to find and reclaim her this time around. A sound of horse hooves rode by quickly and the young man could see Nekta on the back of it with Pacis. \"No!\" The young man screamed again and runs after them avoiding every blow and clashes of swords, spears and arrows. And to his surprise both Nekta and Pacis fell off the horse and it was Nekta who had brought him down by stabbing him in the spine with a dagger she had kept hidden. The man makes his way quicker towards Nekta. Arnia – Present Day Jane gets up from the corner she had sunk at and walks towards the doors Ra or really Netos had closed and to her shock they opened widely for her. Looking around left and right of the dark corners Jane steps out lightly. The aroma of the hallway smelled lovely, around every bend there were tall candlesticks lit giving off an ocean breeze scent. The Jaffa's in the next lit room that she stepped in ignored her presence being in there. In the middle of the room laid a sarcophagus dabbed in the center. Something was resting in there, Jane could hear the breathing as she stopped walking up to it. The breathing stopped and there were handles on the crate that began to open slowly. Steam came forming out as it did open and inside was pitch black until Ra props up unexpectedly which made Jane's heart jump. \"No need to be frightened.\" He said looking upon his right wrist which seemed to have grown more skin. \"Soon I will have regained my hosts right hand.\" \"I want to talk to Ra again,\" Jane wasted no time to say this. He laughs. \"You silly girl you are speaking to me.\" He said getting out from the other side and comes around to meet Jane face to face. Jane looks deeply into his eyes when he came close up with her. \"You know what I mean Netos.\" \"I am no longer Netos. I am now known as the new Ra, the Sun God, the main Supreme System Lord.\" Jane didn't take her glance away from his eyes no matter how much his glowing eyes scared her. \"I want to speak with him.\" She said slowly lifting her hand up as she caresses his face. He did nothing harsh about her caress, he let Jane caress his face as long as he could withstand it and gently pushes her hand away as he turns around with nothing to say and glides towards the other side of the room away from Jane. Jane's knees began to cave in and she falters towards the ground beneath her as her eyes winced into a cry. VVVVVV Most of the Narnian's had met up with Daniel, Jack and the SG-2 team after finding out that the Princess Jane is aboard the Goa'uld ship and are going to try and help the King Tirian get his daughter back. They walked together back where Sam and Teal'c had put up their defense in front of the ship and still nothing had happened since they left them there. King Tirian wasn't going to wait around like they were doing and dug up rocks from the ground and threw them through the balconies and every open area and most of his loyal followers joined him. \"Hey! Let my daughter Jane go!\" Tirian would shout at the top of his lungs, even Prince Tanier followed his bellowing with \"Let my little sister go!\" Tristan and Queen Jill walks upon the sight without having a single clue what was really going on. \"Wait everyone stop!\" Sam exclaims as the starship tilts and moves. Everyone had stopped to see what it was doing, even King Tirian dropped the rock he already had in his hand that he was about to throw. The shields stretched out towards them forming a sort of ramp. Then the starship itself began to open in a wide triangular shape. Inside was a bright yellow and a few figures began to make their way out towards them.[Chapter 35] Okay, if you do not cry during this chapter then something is wrong with you. Lots of violence in here too, I didn't write most of the disturbing things that happens in detail at all but you will probably envision some gruesome stuff that goes on here. This chapter is based on the song \"My Immortal\" By Evanesence. Enjoy. Arnia – Present Day The figures that came out first on the ramp were Jaffa's holding out their staffs at the people yelling for all of them to stand on their knees and bow. \"Don't let them shoot!\" Jane screams as she came behind the Jaffa's with the Goa'uld Ra. King Tirian who had already faltered to get on his knees as suggested by Daniel Jackson shot up at the sound of Jane's voice. \"Jane get over here quickly!\" A Jaffa says something very harsh towards the King Tirian pointing his staff at him. \"No!\" Jane screams at him about to pull his staff down until the new Ra orders the Jaffa to stop. \" Jaffa kree! Spare his life. I only have but one thing to announce.\" He said and the Jaffa lowers his staff in obedience as he bows. \"All I ask of every single one of you is to believe me as your one and only God,\" The Ra goa'uld said letting go of Jane's arm and holds his hands up welcoming anyone to believe him and everyone in the crowd gives him blank and vacant stares. Tristan, Jane's twin brother spoke up. \"Ra is this some form of joke?\" \"This isn't the Ra we've come to know the past few weeks Tristan this,\" Jane couldn't finish what she was trying to say when the goa'uld Ra places his hand over her mouth and he continues to speak. \"Choose wisely to believe in me as your God, build mighty temples representing me, if you disobey in doing so then destruction and disasters will be brought upon all of you.\" While the crowd still gave him gawking facial expressions Jane tilts her head to look upon the goa'uld seeing straight past him to the young man she is in love with. \"I know you can stop this just like you stopped me from falling on the balcony. Fight it because I know you're still in there.\" Jane whispers to him in private so no one could hear her. The sg-2 team pull out their guns and Jane turns her attention to them. And it gave her a sudden flash to the past. 8,000 B.C. \"Nekta get up quickly!\" The young man shouts to his love as she slowly gets up after landing on her ankle, he could see Pacis squirming and trying to get up but was slower at it than Nekta. Once Nekta had made it onto her feet she begins to jog her way towards the young man limping on her ankle. The young man smiled at her knowing that after this moment they would take off together and finally had won that day. It shouldn't be too long when Pacis would die from his wound. They will be free of him. Nekta smiles back at him and without warning or keeping his eye on the next situation that will destroy both of their freedoms together, Pacis grabs his bow and shoots an arrow targeted towards Nekta and hits her in the back. Nekta stopped running then and stood still with an adrenaline look of shock on her face, her eyes widened as she touches herself from behind and looks upon her hand palm with blood all over it. She looks at the young man as he approaches her and began to faint. The young man was speechless as he couldn't didn't want to believe that this was now happening. He wraps his arms around Nekta breaking her fall. Her weight pulls him down so the young man gets down on his knees and made sure Nekta did not go all the way towards the ground and kept her elevated to make sure not to make Nekta's arrow wound even worse than it already was. Nekta looks into the young man's eyes as she shivers in fear. \"Aryan.\" She started to cry knowing what had been done and can already feel herself being pulled away from the world and away from him. Arnia – Present Day Jane knew, she knew everything now, how she came to love this mysterious young man in the woods from the moment she saw him and when he saw her, and how one simple touch can lead them remember. Remembering their past life together. The goa'uld Ra laughs at Jane. She turns her attention away from him again and back towards the sq-2 team. \"Do not shoot him!\" She exclaims. Sam looks over her shoulder where Jane was shooting at. \"Warren order yourself and your team to disarm all weapons.\" Carl Warren gives Sam a sneering stare and does what she said and orders his men to do the same. Jane bites her bottom lip and goes for the goa'uld Ra's hand and wraps hers tightly around his. \"Aryan please fight it. Aryan please come back to me.\" Something clicked into the goa'uld Ra's eyes, it was losing its' glow and he looks at Jane. \"Nekta?\" He said in his normal voice. Jane grins at him. \"Sort of.\" She said and he returns her with a grin wrapping his hand tighter with hers. The goa'uld was still wanting to go back out of him so he lets go of Jane's hand suddenly. \"Aryan you can fight it!\" Jane prompts him never leaving his side on the ramp. The crowd watches them in confusion but for some reason were backing up Jane and joined in with her. The Jaffa's grew angry at this and noticed the host fighting off the goa'uld inside of him and controlling its' urges. This went on for about forty five seconds until Netos could no longer take it as it began to crawl out of the hosts neck and falls to the ground below in a death position. The crowd screamed in terror at the unknown symbiote creature. Jane's family looked bewildered at it as it tries to jump towards the King Tirian but it had no strength to do so. Jane kept only her attention on Aryan who was losing lots of blood from his neck that dripped down to the ramp in a puddle and he was also losing his color and turned pale. Jane rips off a part of her sleeve wrapping it up quickly as she breathes nervously to try and press it against his drenched bloody neck. Aryan looks into Jane's terrified eyes. He caresses her arm softly. \"I'm sorry. I'm sorry about everything and that I couldn't save you and that I cannot save myself.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Jane said looking at his wound and cringed on the inside. \"You'll be alright.\" Before Aryan could reply to her he caught sight of a jaffa behind Jane as he pointed his staff directly at her. With every bit of his strength left Aryan takes Jane by her arm after his sweet caress and switches sides of stance with her just in time for the bolt to miss her and hits him. The SG-1 and the SG-2 opened fire on the jaffa's so they wouldn't do it again. Most of the jaffa's surrendered and ran back up the ramp into the starship. Jane grew even more horrified witnessing what Aryan did to save her life. \"No,\" She whispers to him full of shock. Aryan didn't stop staring into her eyes nor blinked in pain. \"I love you, I always will and I always have.\" He begins to faint and Jane came down with him as he drifted out of the world and away from Jane. \"No!\" She exclaims and began to cry heavily. Jane's family joins her, her mother on her left side comforting her daughter. Loud footsteps go up the ramp beside them. Jane glances up with harsh gritting teeth at the jaffa who opened fire on both her and Aryan, he made room in his stomach to place the Netos goa'uld in. He chuckles and walks up to the ship. While Tanier helped Tristan get Aryan's body off the ramp Jane noticed her mother had a bow in her hand and a quiver of arrows slung on her back. She takes her mother bow and an arrow without hesitation and pointed it directly at the jaffa's lower back in between where he placed Netos and lets go of the arrow. The arrow shot all the way through the jaffa's back and stomach with the Netos goa'uld being thrusted out and the Jaffa falls down with his immune system being damaged and he dies slowly. Jane reckoned she killed Netos too but didn't know because the arrow along with Netos on it disappeared into the ship. As the ramp began to deform away Jane quickly joins her family and jumps off. As everyone watched the ship lift up into the sky and disappeared out of sight Jane was down on Aryan with her head rested against his still chest as she continued to cry over losing him, again. 8,000 B.C. \"Nekta please pull through,\" Aryan prompts his fiancé and Kames came over to him and Nekta. He points to Pacis. \"He is still alive.\" Kames said and Aryan lifts his head and narrows his eyes directly at Pacis. \"Not for long,\" Aryan said picking up a hooked sword by his side and Kames kept Nekta elevated as he tried to help her and began pulling the arrow out of her back. Ayran walks ferociously up towards Pacis. Pacis glances for a weapon around his space since he was out of arrows and grabbed hold of the dagger Nekta had stabbed him with and held it up towards Aryan. Aryan growing even more hatred inside of him for Pacis runs at him with a battle cry and kicks the dagger out of Pacis' hand and punches his face hard five times. Pacis laughs. \"This is what I've wanted from you all along. All I had to do for you to finally act this way was to take something precious away from you. You have the makings of a soldier after all.\" He stares coldly into Aryan's fierce eyes. \"I'll never be like you Pacis.\" Aryan grits. \"Oh yeah?\" Pacis laughs even more. \"Look at your fiancé there.\" Aryan drifts his eyes away and at Nekta after the arrow was pulled out of her. Chunks of her insides came out with the arrow and she began to cry blood through her tears. Aryan felt sick to his stomach and his anger rose in him a lot more as he looked back at Pacis. \"You did not win after all.\" Pacis continues to laugh and Aryan lifts his sword above Pacis and smites his head off with the first blow. After that Pacis no longer laughed yet it did still linger inside of Aryan's mind. Aryan turns away from Pacis' decapitated body and back to Nekta where her breathing grew hoarse. Kames gave Nekta over to Aryan again and the battle was over. Zuka aond other villagers came to stand by Kames as they asked questions about what happened to Nekta and if she was going to make it. Kames was hopeless that she was going to survive and told everyone else to make Aryan feel that way. He wanted Aryan to feel hopeful that Nekta might make it. \"You're going to be alright Nekta, you and I are safe now.\" Aryan said as he wraps his arms around Nekta comforting her. \"I am now safe away from this world,\" Nekta whispers to Aryan as she stumbled some of her words. \"Nekta don't say that,\" Aryan broke down into tears. 'Don't say that ever again.\" \"We will be together again, and it will be forever next time,\" Nekta said lifting her hand as far is it can go and touches his curly dark hair. Aryan takes her hand and holds it softly against his face and kisses it numerous times before replying to her. \"How do you know? Have you already foreseen it?\" He asks already preparing himself for the worst. Nekta was dying and there was nothing that he could do to stop her from doing so. \"My darling Aryan,\" Nekta grins at him one last time and begins to drift away. \"Trust me,\" Those were Nekta's last words and then she was gone. A gush of light wind hits Aryan's face and seeps through his shoulder length hair. He wept even more than he did when Nekta was still alive. Aryan dug through his pocket and took out the necklace he gave Nekta when he proposed to her and takes her hand placing it in her palm and wraps her still fingers around it. \"Always.\" He whispers and gets up walking away from her body and away from the crowd by himself as he couldn't take it or reality anymore. Zuka was wanting to go after Aryan until Kames lays a hand on his shoulder and shakes his head no at him. Aryan could not make it as far as he wanted and collapses to his knees where he broke down again. Everyone in the crowd said a prayer to the Sun God Ra as they looked up to the sky for Aryan and Nekta. Also there is a song based on Nekta's death. It's the first 2 minutes of the \"Rue's Farewell\" from the Hunger Games Soundtrack. Go to youtube and check it out.[Chapter 36] Only just a few more chapters. I've been through hell and back with this story but I'm simply in love with it and I want it finished. That will at least satisfy me knowing how hard I really worked on this. I'm going to try and upload the chps quicker. I'm about to go into my projects and finals for college, but it's never stopped me before and wont now. I hope you guys enjoy this chapter. I didn't think I would get it this long. I really out did myself. Arnia – Present Day Sam Carter came over to Jane and touches her shoulder, everyone looked down at her and Aryan with sympathetic expressions. \"I'm sorry,\" Sam said to her. Jane didn't acknowledge it with words but she makes a slight nod before placing her head back Aryan's chest. Sam got an idea that had suddenly hit her. It was a few missions back however she thought of something that could bring Aryan back. Sam gets up and walks over to her team. \"Do any of you still remember how to dial into the world of the Nox?\" Daniel thought for a minute while Jack only shakes his head no. Daniel caves in looking at Sam disappointed. \"I can't remember how to dial them.\" He said and Sam looks back at Jack whom took his glance away looking up and taps his fingers against his pockets. \"Jack,\" Same said in an order instead of question. Jack looks at Aryan's dead body and Jane and back to Sam. \"Fine, Teal'c you're coming with me.\" \"Indeed,\" Teal'c takes hold of his staff and walks out away from the crowd with Jack towards the stargate. Sam comes back up to Jane where her tears looked somewhat controlled now and still had her head on Aryan's chest. Jane had a pondering look on her face and arose wiping her dried up tears away from her face. \"Jane,\" Sam tries to catch her attention. She knew it would be very hard to considering Jane looked like she was not in the mood for anyone else to be there besides herself and Aryan. \"We know how to bring him back.\" Jane's eyes grew big as Sam said that. \"Really you do?\" \"Yes Jack and Teal'c are bringing them here.\" Sam replied with an encouraging smile. 8,000 B.C. The palace was rightfully given back to the original pharaoh's Queen. She will now only have to worry about finding a suitor. She had asked Aryan if he still wanted his job, he quickly denied and apologized to his queen, so chose Zuka instead. After congratulating Zuka Aryan took off with Kames as well as some of the slaves who were pronounced free by the Queen. As Aryan and Kames were leaving he goes back to Nekta's body and picks her up in his arms. \"Aryan,\" Kames said coming over to him. \"The queen promised she would get a proper burial.\" Aryan ignored that and glares at Kames. \"She was my fiancé. I'll bury her where ever I'd like.\" He stomps away with Nekta placing her on his horse first before climbing up himself. Kames didn't want to say anything else about the matter or anything at all for it might upset Aryan even further. Kames canters up onto his horse and they rode off catching up with the free slaves. They were not going to make it back to Kames' village that night with everyone on foot so in the early evening everyone stopped to set up camp. Aryan kept himself isolated from everyone at first to get some peace of mind all alone as he looked upon Nekta's dead body covered in a sheet. After about two hours as it quickly passed by to him Aryan took the sheet Nekta is in and walks up a large hill with a plow in his other hand. Upon reaching the top Aryan places Nekta gently on the ground and began digging into the ground with the plow. The deeper Aryan made the hole the more the memories he had with Nekta came flashing before his eyes. He grinned lightly thinking about the time when they were children hiding behind a hut in the village where they first met laughing after getting Khan into trouble. Nekta's smile when he had proposed to her that day out at the Nile, afterwards they had chased each other in the cornfields like they've always done, her smile never left her face that day. That smile and spark in her eyes had always surpassed the sky and sun. Coming back to reality, Aryan began to break down again. All the plans he was going to do with and for her had now all vanished. All it was is dust in the wind now. He looked down at the hole he had made not realizing how deep it was or how he got it that deep he felt a surge of panic rise up into his spine. He wasn't ready to let go of those promises and plans with Nekta, he didn't want to believe she was dead. Aryan climbs out of the hole and reaches the sheets that Nekta is wrapped in. He pulls Nekta out and cradles her in his arms again. \"I'm so sorry Nekta. If you wake up I promise to never let this happen as long as we both shall live. Just please wake up.\" He breaks down into tears again kissing the top of her head and then Aryan heard footsteps coming from behind. Aryan turns around to see Kames. \"Aryan are you sure you want to bury Nekta here.\" \"I've changed my mind about burying her. She might wake up.\" Aryan turns away from Kames' glance and back on Nekta. Kames heaves, he wanted to tell him but couldn't find a nice way to say it. \"She's dead Aryan, Nekta is not coming back.\" Aryan sniff and held the rest of his tears back, placing Nekta gently back down on the sheets. He gets up and walks firmly over to Kames. \"Did you not hear what she about me about being together again?\" \"Aryan she meant that one day you will join her with the Gods when you have passed out of this life. She's not coming back kid.\" Kames spoke as rational as he could. \"I'm sorry,\" He tries to comfort Aryan by placing his hand on his shoulder. Aryan pushes Kames' hand away. \"I knew you wouldn't understand. \"Well then what would you want me to understand?!\" Kames exclaims back looking at Aryan as though he were crazy. Kames then shook away his expression. He can understand why Aryan would feel this way and it is possible he'll feel this way for a very long time too. \"Just let me help you bury her.\" \"I don't want you to,\" Aryan said narrowing his eyes when Kames tried to take the plow out of Aryan's hand. Kames looks back at Aryan trying to keep his sympathetic look as possible to show his friend he was sorry. \"Aryan give me the plow.\" He tugged back and Aryan didn't let go. \"I said I don't want your help!\" Aryan exclaims angrily and pushes Kames harshly to the ground. Kames hits the back of his head on hard stone as he fell ferociously, he didn't hesitate to place his hand on the back of his head seeing small amounts of blood on the palm of his hand and looks up at Aryan with a bewildered look. Aryan then had a bigger shock go through up to his spine. He felt very sorry instantly and didn't mean to take it that far. \"Kames,\" Aryan said in a soft apologetic tone. Kames slowly gets up to his feet. \"I've tried my best to help you today. If you want someone to blame I gladly give you permission to do so.\" With that he bows and begins to walk away. \"Your welcome.\" He added. \"Kames please,\" Aryan felt it was best not to say anything at the moment or going after him. Aryan walks back up Nekta taking her hand saying his peace to her some more. \"Suppose in this life we'll never know what could've been and I blame myself for not seeing the warning signs.\" He looks in her hand and takes the necklace he gave her and takes off the lions tooth. Aryan places it gently into her hand and closes her palm around it. \"Forever Nekta.\" He kisses the top of her head again. \"I love you, part of that is because you were my family.\" He place Nekta into the hole and began to bury her, every piece of earth he threw down onto her made it a lot more unbearable. He wanted it to be over and done with. The more that he thought of it he wanted his own life done and over with. After burying her he puts on Nekta's engagement necklace around his neck. They are and were still bonded. Then he made a fence around the grave sight so he'll know how to find it. VVVVV Later that evening Aryan was the last to set his camp, that was because he decided to sleep alone away from everyone else. He needed and wanted to be alone. After he was finished Aryan laid down to try and go to sleep before everyone else who feasted on food, liqour and celebrated their freedom. Aryan was in no mood for anything besides falling asleep and to see if he could wake up from this nightmare that's lasted for the few days. It was hard going to sleep but the people did a good job in leaving Aryan alone in peace to where he could try and ponder about something else that could make him fall asleep. Ironically by the time the slaves had stopped their celebrating they all fell asleep before Aryan even could do so himself. It was probably only five more hours until dawn and Aryan knew he needed to sleep in order to feel a bit refreshed when he would get up. Aryan closes his eyes and kicks the fur blanket off his feet which made him feel hot and that that could be one of the reasons he was distracted from sleep. He kept them closed for as long as he can without coming out of it when he felt he was falling and slipping into a dream a few minutes later. In the dream it was very vivid. He felt as if he was really there felling the misty breeze and an ocean right in front of where he stood. It was a very small island and right behind him on the other a huge wave forms over the islands edge. He thought that was going to fall over and sink him, Aryan even shields himself if it were to happen but it didn't. It was truly the oddest thing he'd ever seen. Aryan locks his eyes on a moving blue object. \"Nekta?\" He hadn't caught her attention yet however he makes his way over to her. She still had her same hairstyle and dress though there was something more glossy about her. She looked like an immortal God. \"Nekta hey,\" He made his way up to her as she did not look at him but he tilts her head to look at him. \"Aryan?\" Nekta asks a bit shaky. \"What are you doing here?\" Aryan looks at her confused. \"What do you mean?\" \"You are not dead are you?\" Nekta said with a deep scared tone. \"No, I don't think so.\" Aryan shakes his head. A few other people walk into the wave and Nekta turns to do so too.\" Aryan takes Nekta's arm, \"Where are you going?\" Nekta looks up at him. \"It's time for me to leave the old world behind Aryan. I must journey further in.\" \"But I don't want you to go,\" Aryan said gripping Nekta's arm tighter. \"I told you we'll be together again.\" Nekta smiles and places her hand on his face gently. \"I also wanted to tell you to follow the moving light. Night will become day and you must promise me that you will follow it Aryan.\" Aryan shakes his head. \"I promise Nekta.\" Nekta grins at him. \"Now you must let me go.\" Aryan swallows nervously and then he lets her go. Nekta smiles at him one more time and then she walks behind the others who passed through the wave. Aryan watches as it tumbles down onto them and he was brought out from the dream back to nightmare images of Nekta getting struck by the arrow, her death and horrific screams that followed. VVVVVV Aryan opens his eyes at first thinking it was daytime as his eyes tried to adjust to a bright beaming blue light. He lifts his head just now realizing that this was no ordinary light. Strong winds came with it, the freed slaves looked around underneath their shelters, most of the women stirred into frenzies to protect their children from their fears. Aryan heard a loud hovering noise, it was not the wind but he was desperate to find out. Already everyone was panicking as their shelters were coming apart and ran in opposite directions away from the noise. Aryan makes his way out of his shelter to the noise. A massive strange cloud hovered over the hill he had buried Nekta at. Lighting struck upon the hill. Without fear of it and of all the chaos he slowly gets up and walks towards it, ignoring everyone who got in his way running away from its' light. A shelter blew over almost hitting Aryan as he walked and he paid no attention to that either. He was reaching the hill and the winds grew ever more stronger as he walked up there. The fence he had made for Nekta's grave still held on strong in the powerful winds. Aryan felt glad that it was still up. Now looking up at the odd cloud what made it even the more peculiar was that it is shaped like the pyramids. A light formed at the very top of it. He remembers what Nekta told him, to follow the moving light. It was moving down towards him very fast. He felt the urge to dodge it but he couldn't. He promised. Dream or not it was a promise and he will keep it as such. \"Nekta?\" He whispers to the light when suddenly all the light did was swarm quickly down his throat. Aryan coughs for a while and suddenly these bar like things came down around him and suddenly he was not outside anymore but inside somewhere. It reminded him greatly of the Pharaoh's palace. \"How do you take your liking to your new home?\" Aryan gasped. It felt like he can hear that deep and dark voice from right inside of his head, it frightened him. \"Do not be startled young Tau'ri.\" The voice said again. \"Who are you? What just happened out there with the light and how I came to be in the Pharaohs palace so fast?\" Aryan asked. \"That light, well that was me and as far as your Pharaoh's palace goes this isn't it. However I created it exactly like this one.\" The voice replied. \"Who are you?\" Aryan asked. \"I? I am the Supreme System Lord, best known to you as your Sun God Ra.\" \"Nekta predicted this would happen.\" Aryan whispered to himself. \"What was that?\" The voice said out of nowhere. \"It was nothing, just thinking to myself was all I was doing.\" Aryan said. \"I heard you anyways, I am a part of you now, I know about all that you know and don't know, I will get to know your strengths and weaknesses, and most importantly I can retrace all of your memories.\" \"What?\" Aryan asked trying not to believe a word the voice was saying to him. \"You heard me correct young Tau'ri. I am now a part of you.\" \"But h-,\" Aryan was beginning to say and soon realized what it all meant. The voice who claims to be the Sun God Ra said that he was the light that came down to him. He remembered feeling something as if it were stuck in his throat and that he coughed afterward. \"Ra are you inside of me?\" \"You Tau'ri are very smart,\" He chuckles. \"You see in order for me to survive I must have hosts. You are now my new host. You are the very first species for me to use.\" \"What does this all mean then?\" Aryan asked concerning himself. \"Eternal youth, that is what it all means for you. I am making you a God more then I am.\" \"So I will never,\" Aryan didn't complete what he was about to say and at that moment stopped thinking about it so Ra wouldn't be able to read his mind. \"I am your host.\" \"This is excellent!\" The voice proclaims ecstatically. \"First we must go into our sarcophagus. I must get a better understanding of yourself and your body and we will be off to make plans.\" Aryan had a feeling he went up to the wrong moving light or simply that it was bad to listen to your dreams. If you have the movie of Stargate or if not look up the pictures when we see Ra's host back in 8,000 BC he is wearing that Necklace from Nekta. I promise ;)[Chapter 37] Hiya guys! Okay first off I apologize for the delay of uploading another chapter. Also this chapter contains the last flashback that you'll read in the story. If you want me to make a story about what happens after the flashback please let me know and I will do something about that pronto. I've been having lots of finals and project and a lot of BS going on in real life lately, so again I'm sorry and promise you all this story will get finished. Happy Reading :) Arnia – Present Day A few two hours later Jack and Teal'c come back with the Nox. Small people they were. Even though Jane still felt hurt she couldn't help but think that they were all both cute and beautiful to look at. Jack introduced them, one is a woman and her name is Lya Nox the other two were male, one grown and the other a boy and their names are Anteaus Nox and Nafrayu Nox. \"We must not wait any longer. If we do then we might decrease our chances of saving him.\" Lya Nox said walking her way towards Aryan's body and then looks at Jane. \"I'm sorry Jane but you must stand away for us to perform this correctly.\" Jane was quiet for a few seconds. She hated leaving Aryan but gradually then nods her head obeying Lya's wishes. Jane goes to stand between her mother Queen Jill and her twin brother Tristan. She rests her weary head on her brother as the Nox prepared setting things their proper places. Once they lifted up Aryan on higher turf and got a fire going the ritual began. Each of the Nox stood apart from each other placing their hands lingering over Aryan's body without a single touch, something magical and full of mystic began to happen then. A force of static took form around Aryan's body as the Nox looked to be whispering words with their eyes closed as they performed their task. Within the length of ten minutes the static went away and their eyes open. Aryan is still lifeless. The Nox look to each other bewildered. It was not a good sign to see this from them, especially for Jane. \"Just because it did not work this first time,\" Lya said locking her sight on Jane. \"It does not mean we shouldn't go at it again for a second time. I realized I felt a little distracted during the ritual.\" The Nox performs the ritual again over Aryan's body. Jane felt hopeful the first time when the Nox Performed this task but now Jane felt that it was hopeless. Just watching it sent an agonizing twist inside her stomach. Jane had to pull herself away from this and far away from the crowd as possible. She slowly turns away and walks towards the empty field to be left alone by herself. She calmly gets down to knees but on the inside she really wanted to break down. She looks up to the high Eastern Sun and murmurs under her breath. \"Aslan, why must you always take us apart?\" After saying it she instantly disappears as she looked back down. A few people in the crowd witnessed Jane's disappearance, including her father. 8,000 B.C. On Ra's starship the sarcophagus opens in front of Aryan's eyes. With this God being inside of him he felt stronger than he's felt ever. He rises up taking in a long heap of air through his nose without being able to stop, his chest and throat didn't feel like it was about to explode doing so. Ra knew Aryan had thought about that. \"It is because I am your new life source. It is part of being immortal and it's going to get a lot better from here too.\" Ra explained to him. \"Feel your chest.\" Aryan does so touching his chest and felt, he didn't feel a thing. \"My heart isn't beating!\" Ra chuckles. \"That is because I'm taking your systems place. This is how you may live forever as a youthful face of a God.\" As Ra told him this he takes a look at his reflection. In front of Aryan is a mirror. He walks up towards it seeing that his chest is bare. He is wearing red jewelry and a red long Pharaoh's dress from his waist and on down. Aryan's natural hair is straight his first strands of hair pulled back into a half ponytail. It was different in some ways from which a Pharaoh would wear but he will admit he did look like a God. Aryan was about to ask Ra another question before he got distracted when these little children, boys and girls walked in dressed in garments and jewels as well took hold of his arms and helped him slip into a long red and black cloak. The smaller girls brought two trays with nail clip on rings. \"Don't mind them. What were you going to ask me?\" Ra prompts Aryan to carry on. As the young girls began to clip the long nails on Aryan's fingers he continued with his question. \"Well since you are a god is there any way you can bring someone back from the dead?\" \"It can only be done if that person just recently died.\" Ra replied. \"Who are you considering I should bring back for you?\" Aryan was a bit hesitant and came out with it. \"My fiancé Nekta. She was murdered only just yesterday.\" \"A fiancé?\" Ra said in a low voice a hint of coldness in his tone trailed. \"Yes. She is a foreteller and she knew you were coming and told me that her and I would be together again.\" Aryan kept on insisting ready to get what he wanted out of Ra. The more Aryan waited for Ra's reply, the more nervous he grew and suddenly he felt as if he were being shut down from using his own body. Instead of hearing Ra's voice inside his head Ra spoke from Aryan's own mouth. \"If she was anything else other than your lover I would bring her back for you. I on the other hand have a Queen already.\" Aryan is wanting to say something but he tried to speak he could not for some reason force his lips open. It felt like he was paralyzed from doing so. Instead Aryan thought of his words in his head, \"Then I don't want any part of this being your host.\" Ra chuckles. \"You are now mine and I am now you. As for the other Tau'ri with you, well.\" Ra controls Aryan's body bringing himself over to the balcony and overlooked all of the freed slaves being forced and brought aboard the bottom of the ship. \"What is going to be done with all of them?\" Aryan asked in his head again and saw Kames out in the crowd. \"They are to be taken to a distant world where I rule. They are to work as slaves and will never once forget who their true God is.\" 'Why would they forget?' Aryan thought. He knew Ra had to have read that or heard it though he did not reply to Aryan. \"We we must greet our guests, I'm sure you can introduce me to a few.\" Ra smirks as he now had control of Aryan's body and presses on the square shaped necklace and a Pharaoh mask took form around his face.[Chapter 38] Hiya guys! I cannot believe that it has been over three weeks since I've last updated this story. But a promise is a promise. I will finish this story and in good news the next chapter is the last one before I start on the sequel. I will put sequel details as well as thanks in an authors note once it's completed. I'm going to try and get the last chapter up quicker within the next few days so for now enjoy this one. Arnia – Present Day \"Jane!\" King Tirian exclaims as he makes his way towards the area where his daughter had disappeared while some of the witnesses only gasped. The Nox carried on with the ritual on Aryan without being disrupted. Queen Jill follows The King Tirian's glance in worry, completely oblivious to the situation at hand. \"Tirian what's going on?\" She said making her way quickly through the crowd coming up behind him. \"Jane, she was just right here and then she vanished.\" King Tirian raises his arms frantically where Jane had been standing. Queen Jill did not panic in the same manner as her husband was doing. Prince Tanier came over to his fathers side and helps him calm down. \"Don't worry father, we'll find her. You probably just dozed off for a while and she can be anywhere.\" Tirian shook his head. \"No I was looking at her and then she vanished.\" He then looked to the Nox how their bodies would blend in and out during the ritual. \"Perhaps they've done something about Jane's disappearance.\" Queen Jill laid her palm smoothly in front of King Tirian's chest. Tirian looked at his queen bewildered as she only winced at him with an unbearable expression. \"I thought I'd never see you lose faith and trust in Aslan ever again.\" \"He has nothing to do with this Jill,\" Tirian shot back, Tirian didn't want to go off the deep end like that in front of his family and half the kingdom so he began to calm himself down as Queen Jill stood in front of him with a look of bewilderment. King Tirian continues once he was able to tame himself. \"I'm stopping this ritual right now.\" King Tirian turns from his family as he marches through the crowd towards the Nox. Queen Jill and Tanier follows behind him VVVVV Aryan had forgotten everything that had just happened to him for what seemed like forever as he paced slowly through an empty world only made out of thick sand dunes, the sky above is a pitch black color and the sun a faint orange that seemed to have not given off light yet he could see where he was going with a spear in his hand and dressed in ragged attire. Aryan carries his spear the tips end as the sharp point was being dragged far behind him. The thing he could only remember now was his life up to the point to when his family were killed and slaughtered by that lion. Aryan had no idea where he was going and hoped to get out of where he was too with the sand beneath his feet growing warmer, it felt like it was beginning to burn his bare feet. Not knowing how long he had been walking and felt as though it had been going on forever his knees began to cave in feeling like he could not go on. Something caught the side of Aryan's eye before he began to tumble to the ground. Aryan picks himself back up keeping his eyes locked on the approaching golden figure. He could suddenly feel his strength rise again within himself gripping the spear tighter in his hand. He recognized what the figure was ahead as he came closer to it. The lion walking away without a one turn of its' head did not notice Aryan until his footsteps in the sand were clearly heard as Aryan got closer. The lion jerks its' head around, those fierce green eyes gleamed into Aryan's dark unintimidating eyes. The lions glance threw Aryan into a deep trance as if he was reading the animals thoughts, physically and spiritually. Everything he felt and heard in whisper made complete sense that he now understood why everything had happened for a reason good and bad throughout his life. Aryan's knees finally began to cave in again. Dropping the spear down he falls with his legs buckled, his back and neck leaning towards the ground. Within a few seconds Aryan's head is lifted upward by a very gentle touch. Aryan saw that is was Jane, her contagious smile made his cheeks warm up. She looked a lot like Nekta in the exotic pink dress that she wore upon seeing her. Jane helps Aryan up to his feet by taking his hands into hers. Aryan looked shocked at her as he can now again remember, he died. \"Jane what are you doing here?\" Jane shifts her eyes to the left. \"Aslan was just explaining it to me until you got here.\" Aryan follows Jane's glance as his eyes fell upon the lion again. Aslan speaks as he grinned at the both of them. \"As you can see, the circle of life works in mysterious ways to bring two soul mates such as yourselves together, even if it meant tragic loss. Aryan, if your parents had not died that day then you would've never met Nekta.\" Aryan was silent for a moment before he asked Aslan a question. \"What would've happened?\" \"A different fate of events,\" Aslan replied. \"Aslan,\" Jane said with a hint begging. \"I always had dreams about Aryan's world ever since I was a little girl and meeting him they came back as memories.\" \"As did Aryan,\" Aslan nods his head in agreement. \"My child, you have spent the number of years that Aryan had been alive as Ra in my country. I even gave you the chance of rebirth to be with Aryan again.\" This was a shock to Jane because she hadn't remembered being in Aslan's Country. \"So I really was Nekta in that lifetime?\" Aslan nods his head again. \"Yes, and don't fret for not remembering, I did that because you are still not ready to live in my country eternally just yet.\" Jane grins and looks at Aryan, he returns her glance. \"But,\" Jane gulps. \"What about Aryan? I wouldn't want to go back without him.\" Aryan smiles at Jane and takes her hand. VVVVV Jane appears again in the Arnian field where she had disappeared. Jack holds his hands up at the King Tirian, \"Woah, hey, hey now wait a minute.\" Sam and Daniel got up to back up Jack. \"The ritual cannot be stopped or else you'll endanger the Nox.\" Sam explained. \"My daughter has just disappeared and it has something to do with this ritual. It must not carry on and I want them to stop it at once.\" King Tirian demanded. The SG-1 didn't act out on his command. Instead they just glanced around at each other and kept their ground firmly. Queen Jill looks at her husband saddened and tries to guide him away. Tirian backs away though not completely and pulls his Queen slowly to the side as he looks down onto her. \"Jill you understand so much how harsh I was on her when she was no longer a little girl. I don't want to lose her now when I want to make up everything.\" Queen Jill shakes her head. \"Tirian she is not-,\" \"Daddy?\" Tirian turns his head and looks right at his daughter Jane who had made her way through the crowd unnoticed and heard everything her father had said. He didn't say anything else except walked up to her and gave his daughter an embrace. \"Can you ever forgive me Jane?\" Jane hugs her father back. \"Of course.\" The ritual had stopped, Jane and Tirian loosened their embrace and Jane walks back up to Aryan's lifeless side and takes his hand whispering. \"Please Aslan.\" She got down onto her knees whispering the same thing over and over to herself. After a few seconds had gone by Aryan gave a heave and wrapped his fingers around Jane's. Jane smiles brightly as a huge weight of anxiety thinking he would never come back had lifted off from her. Lya Nox smiles at her family and turns to Jane. \"He should recuperate back to normal within the next ten minutes.\" Jane nods and rejoins her family telling them everything that had happened when she vanished. \"The reason for why all of this happened was that so Aslan could explain to the both of us that our memories were real and I was once someone else where Aryan came from which is why we love each other.\" Her family were quite speechless and soon enough King Tirian manages a grin. \"Well I suppose if that is the case then Aryan can stay with us and if you want to continue seeing him you can.\" Jane smiles and then she quickly hid it. \"Um, I did purposely fail my exam so I-,\" King Tirian put his hand up. \"You know we'll talk about that later. I can see now where you are truly happy.\" It took Jane a complete ten minutes to tell her family everything and by then Aryan could now stand and made it half way to where Jane came to see him and they both embraced. \"Let us both promise that we'll never leave each other ever again.\" Aryan whispers in Jane's ear. \"Aryan,\" Jane spoke in surprise. \"Your hand.\" Ra looks down at his right side. He didn't know how it happened but he had a hand there. Jane snuggles up to Aryan tighter as he examines his new hand. Just then a few armed troops came through the trees. One of them opened and took off his helmet. \"General Hammond what the hell are you doing here?\" Jack exclaimed but at the same time looked glad to see him. \"SG-1, we couldn't reach you and sent the SG-2 team to get you and we couldn't contact them either.\" He eyes Warren. \"I'm sorry sir, but we ran into some-,\" \"Yeah yeah,\" General Hammond interrupts Warren as he rolled his eyes. \"Your orders were simple Warren. You were to come here, and bring back the SG-1 team, and here all of you guys are in front of me.\" \"But General,\" Warren points towards Aryan who still had his arms wrapped around Jane. \"That is the original God Ra!\" Aryan locks worried eyes on Warren and to the general as he heard this and he and Jane came out from their embrace. \"Well in that case we must take him to the SGC for examination.\" General Hammond gave his men the orders. \"General Hammond he no longer is controlled by an alien symbiote.\" Sam said while defending Aryan. \"Sam Carter you may think that,\" Teal'c said agreeing with the General Hammond's orders. \"Without a further investigation he can still pose as a threat.\" \"I would know if Ra were still inside me,\" Aryan spoke firmly narrowing his eyes at Teal'c. General Hammond's team came up to Aryan one taking his arm and one took his other arm. Jane couldn't take this anymore. \"Either you can all stop this right now or I am going with him!\" \"Jane,\" Her parents said as they were both stunned at her. \"I want to go,\" Jane looked at Sam pleading her and looks back at Aryan as he looked helpless and surprised as well. \"Samantha please, I've been separated from him long enough.\" Sam looked from Jane, to her family and at General Hammond. \"I still say there is no symbiote inside of him. We can prove it in a few weeks stay and we can return them here.\" Jane waited for the general's answer. He shook his head. \"Whatever. I don't care unless we get to go home now before another week passes by.\" Jane smiles, she was happy that the General agreed to the proposal and now the hard part is to receive it from her family. She walks up to her mother first, and she had her mothers blessing. They hug each other tightly. Next was her brother Tanier and he wished her good luck in the other world and for a safe return. The bittersweet part was saying bye to her twin brother Tristan whom she could never be apart from either. \"I'll be back soon. It may be a few weeks to me but will be mere minutes or a day for you and everyone else.\" Jane said. \"Once you're in the other world you wont want to come back here.\" Tristan said. \"That's not true Tristan of course I will.\" Jane hugs Tristan tightly and moves on to her father. \"Hello dad,\" Jane smiles at him. \"I'm not doing this because I want to get away from here.\" \"I know you're not Jane,\" King Tirian said returning a smile to his daughter. \"Adventure is your middle name.\" They both exchanged laughs, he used to say that to Jane every day when she was little. King Tirian continues. \"Take care of yourself and of Aryan.\" Aryan overhears the conversation and grins at King Tirian's words. Jane hugs her father and tells him she loves him before breaking away and joining the SGC teams. She makes her way closely to Aryan as they walked back to the stargate. Upon reaching it Daniel Jackson dialed home. The blue force came in and out like Jane had seen it do before and one by one everyone walked through. Once they entered they their reflection could not be seen inside. Sam told Jane that she was going to guide her into the portal with her because it was described as a very dizzy ride. Their turn was coming up once Jane saw Aryan go through and in she and Sam went afterwards.[Chapter 39] The Last Chapter Guys! :( I'll tell you I've had fun with this and please be sure to check chapter 40 for the sequel details. Well please enjoy ;) Dizzy, was not what it felt like. At first it felt like stepping through liquid and a second later came a forceful pull. Everything had became blurry there, and she couldn't see her limbs or body at all, nor did she feel Sam beside her anymore. She was going way too fast and couldn't feel her own heartbeat. A twisting tunnel was seen first and suddenly became pitch dark with a tiny bright speck. It grew bigger and everywhere stars surrounded her. The stars became like staggered lines and went up and down more loop tunnels onto a final flash. Jane slowly began to regain her feelings back once she felt Sam's grip on her arm again. There was this loud siren beeping in the room that she stepped into. She Jane knew it was a square shaped room however she couldn't see very well with her blurry eyesight. So that is what Sam meant by being dizzy, Jane thought, she could barely walk because she felt tingly from her feet to her torso. Sam guides Jane down the ramp in the stargate room. Such a strange noise, Jane thought as they walked down the steel and metal ramp, the noise and material were all new to her. Sam lead her out of the room and into the hallway and had her sit down next to Aryan on a bench outside of the control room as General Hammond called for Janet Frazier to come up immediately. Aryan turns to Jane knowing what she was probably going through right now. \"Your vision should be fine in three more minutes, when it is you'll see certain things and technologies that you aren't used to seeing.\" Jane loved hearing his voice beside her. She really had nothing on her brain to say and that was because it still went through whiplash. All Jane could do was lay her head gently on Aryan's shoulder and Aryan laid his head on top of hers. Janet came into the control room meeting with General Hammond and the SG-1 Team. \"Yes sir?\" Janet asked glancing at everyone tightening her dark brown hair into a ponytail. General Hammond explained everything from what Warren said. \"He is the host of Ra and he was taken host again in the other world we've just come out of,\" Teal'c explained. \"It would be best if he were to be examined thoroughly.\" Janet looks in the hallway through the control rooms glass window at Aryan. \"He seems and looks like a typical young man to me.\" She said grinning at how Aryan comforted Jane. \"Thank you Janet.\" Sam said finally glad that someone else could actually agree with her. \"Still you will get the job done right Janet?\" General Hammond asked firmly with his eyes fixated on her. \"Yes General Hammond, I'll do exactly what Teal'c said. I'll get started on it tomorrow.\" Janet replied. With that all out of the way Jane gained her eyesight back, even though she understood what Aryan told her that things were going to look different she shook at her surroundings, not that it all frightened her but because there was no sunlight and the florescent lights made everything look dark. \"Is there an outside here? Any windows?\" Jane would ask and she received the same answers from either Sam or Daniel. \"Yes there is an outside we just stationed underground.\" Or \"No there are no windows underground.\" Jane wanted to go outside so badly and were first shown where she was going to stay. The room was an olive grey as well as the furniture, the lights darker than they were in the hallways. \"What is this place?\" Jane asked Sam as Daniel and Jack took Aryan to show him where he would be staying. It took a while for Sam to reply to her because she didn't think Jane would understand. \"In this world we have secret people who do secret things that most of the people don't know about. Well this place is a secret which is why we do our work underground.\" \"Secret? As in good or bad?\" Jane asked. \"Well we do very good work here so there's no need to worry. You'll get to go home with Aryan again soon.\" Sam smiles down at Jane and some footsteps are heard outside Jane's doorway. Jane smiles up at him so Sam gets up and leaves them to talk by themselves. Jane lays flat on her bed already bored. The only light in the room from a reading lamp on the dresser next to her bed gleamed down on her face. She closes her eyes as she talks. \"Oh how I already miss the sunlight. And we wont be able to see the stars either I suppose.\" Aryan came over and sat down on Jane's bed next to her taking both of her hands into his. \"Still I'm glad you came with me.\" Jane got up and sat in front of Aryan on the bed connecting her forehead against his. \"Don't think I'm regretful about coming because I'm not.\" She smiles feeling so safe in his presence that even her shivers inside were fading away from his touch as Aryan began to caress her arm. \"We can face it, we've been through so much already and we can succeed it this time.\" Aryan said and kisses Jane. Jane kisses him back. ~~~~~EPILOGUE~~~~~ Somewhere In Space Klorel Goa'uld comes aboard Netos' mothership, his eyes gleaming and his hands balled up into furious fists and his afro curls tied behind him. He steps into a room filled with Goa'uld symbiotes held in their own containing cubicles. Klorel walks up to Netos' container as a jaffa joins him by his side. \"That was very close. We should go find Netos a new host and make way for the Tau'ri home planet. We must find this original host of Ra.\" The Jaffa nods at Lord Klorel's commands. Klorel traces his long fingernails along the container. \"And I must know of this Jane that almost took your life as well.\" Klorel smirks and leaves the room in silence.[Chapter 40] Thank you all so much for reading this story and giving it a chance. It literally took so long to put together but in the end I'm glad to say that I am satisfied with it and I cannot wait to start on the sequel. I will not at this moment tell you the name of the story, I know what it is but it's a secret so, shhh. I will tell you that it will not be uploaded in the Stargate movie category like this one but it will be in the Stargate SG-1 \"Tv Shows\" category because most of the shows elements will become a part of the story. I love you guys for supporting! Thank you- JanesRa, mynamesmoonchild, LightingYourDarkness, TheElfServant, JillandTirianForever, MageiaMagic, RiliansQueen, Stargazer, John'sxFuturexHope, HarryTheCoolGuy, guests and my 40 fans on facebook. You know who you are! Thank you so much for inspiring me to press on with great advice, reviews and follows. You are my true heroes! The views I appreciate those too! I got over 1,100. That's amazing, especially in over just several months. Well until next time I guess ;) Love Yall! ","Summary":" Here's chapter 1 to the story based on a crossover roleplay with a Ra. I hope you enjoy it because "}]